
Date: *July 15, 2011, 07:30 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Narration: *―When it comes to women, the ideal is small, soft, cute, and smart enough to pretend they're stupid.*
Narration: *But by some cruel twist of fate, the women in my life have universally been on the large, brash, and hard-headed side of things. Less "cute," more "brute."*
Narration: *At one point, back when I was really and truly surrounded by these creatures, I was half-convinced my entire life had been cursed by some misdeed against an oversized woman in a previous incarnation.*
Narration: *...More than anything else, big women are just hard to deal with.*
Narration: *They're gluttonous, coarse, obstinate, and selfish; they pick fights and smoke cigarettes. On top of it all, they're crybabies, jealous, wear too much makeup, and blame the nearest man for anything and everything.*
Narration: *Given all these charming characteristics, you could hardly blame a guy for wanting to pull an abrupt about-face whenever a big woman comes into view.*
Narration: *Of late, however, my doctrine on oversized females has experienced something of a softening. I'm beginning to think they aren't all bad, in their way.*
Narration: *I've met one in particular who's an excellent cook, highly attentive to the needs of others, doesn't get angry when I speak to other women, and accepts every request I make eagerly.*
Narration: *Honestly, she's too convenient. The whole thing gives me an unpleasant feeling in the pit of my stomach at times. But then again, that's just the sort of person I am - the sweeter the deal, the more uneasy I become.*
Narration: *As a result, recently I've been racking my brains over one question in particular.*
Narration: *Why did a high-quality woman like that become the girlfriend of a worthless man like me...?*
Amane: Ah, good morning Yuujiii～♪
Makina: Mob'rlin', Mobii-chan～♪
Yuuji: ...Moborlin...?
Narration: *...Sounds like an abbreviation for "Mobile Oerlikon..." Did someone develop a portable 20mm autocannon deployable by infantry...?*
Amane: Ah! Makina, you're sneaking food again! I told you breakfast was on hold until Yuuji got back, didn't I!?
Makina: What's th' big deal? No matt'r how mu'h I snarf, a magic'l food fa'ry always m'kes more!
Amane: That's me! And it ain't magic, ya lil' brat! Ah swear t' god, y'got no manners! Were y'raised in a barn!?
Makina: This is the only way of life I know... Deal with it.
Amane: Cut the backtalk!
Yuuji: ...Not that I really mind, but... why are you people in my room first thing in the morning...? 
Amane: Hm? Oh... well, I'm your girlfriend now, after all. Thought I should at least make breakfast, you know?
Yuuji: That's not really...
Amane: It's no trouble at all, if that's what you're worried about. I'm always making Makina's breakfast, so doing yours just means cooking a little bit extra.
Yuuji: ...I see...
Amane: C'mon, then! You worked up a sweat on that run, right? Go ahead and take your shower. Breakfast should be just about ready when you're done.
Yuuji: Yeah... all right.
Makina: ...Guhuhuhuhuhuhuh...
Amane: ...W-What the heck? Why the creepy laugh...?
Makina: What do YOU think? Perhaps it's related ta a certain someone jumpin' headfirst into th' whole girlfriend song an' dance? It's embarrassin' just to watch ya.
Amane: C-Come on... I've done this kind of stuff plenty of times before, right!? There's nothing weird about it...
Makina: Then what's with th' distinct hint of desperation? Whenever Onii-chan tried ta say somethin', ya cut him off instantly.
Amane: ...Well, yeah... but... I mean, it's Yuuji we're talking about here, you know? I'm doing this stuff because I want to, but it feels like he'll go "don't trouble yourself" if I give him the chance...
Makina: Mmm... well, can't argue with ya on that one... Onii-chan's weirdly ab-steamy-us. Kinda feels like he isn't used to gettin' pampered.
Amane: I know, right? So, well, I managed to become his girlfriend and all, you know? I want to do stuff for him, but it would be seriously rough to get shot down with a "no thank you"...
Makina: Well, I don't think ya gotta worry too much on that count. Onii-chan may live like a puritan, but he's also stupidly good at dealin' with women for some reason―
Makina: So once he realizes you're one of them "heavy" women who can only demonstrate affection by forcibly smotherin' people with it, I'm sure he'll skillfully meet yer needs.
Amane: ............
Makina: Nwo? Whassamatter?
Amane: Uhm... hey...
Makina: Yeah?
Amane: Am I... heavy...?
Makina: We discussin' your body mass index?
Amane: Of course not!
Makina: Mmm... well, kinda. I mean, I'm a helpless kid who can't live without leechin' off you, Ama-nee, but... Onii-chan's prob'ly more on the "independent" side of things, don't ya think?
Makina: If ya overdo it, he might end up findin' this relationship more annoyin' than anythin' else.
Amane: I see... I've got to watch out...
Makina: Well, no need ta get all down in th' dumps. Lemme give ya some tips I read in a magazine th' other day.
Makina: "Don't try and meet up every single free moment." "Don't flip out over the occasional slow response to your texts." "When you get mad, don't let it simmer. Talk honestly about the reason you're upset."
Makina: And this is th' number one most important rule! "Don't look in your boyfriend's cell phone without permission!"
Amane: ...That's quite a range... Wait, where did you get all that from, anyway?
Makina: What're you talkin' about, Ama-nee? Those are all from a magazine you yerself bought.
Makina: Handbook of th' assertive modern chick, teen fashion magazine "Tiger Girl!" August issue, page 144.
Makina: "Back Off, Heavy Girl! ～Ever had a boyfriend tell you he wants some space?～" It was a special feature an' all. Not ringin' any bells? 
Amane: ...Now that you mention it... I think I might remember seeing an article like that, maybe...?
Makina: Prob'ly thought "Aah, no need to bother, it's not like I'm heavy or anything!" an' skimmed right past it, am I right?
Amane: ...Uguh...
Makina: "Uguh" don't cut it, girl. But, well... at least ya didn't go runnin' after Onii-chan into the shower, screamin' "I'll wash your back for youuuu!" There may be some hope for ya yet...
Amane: ...Yeesh, that was close... I was kind of going back and forth on that one. I'm really glad I didn't...
Makina: Plannin' to wash his back with yer fat ol' titties, I expect. Geeeez, how slutty can ya get?
Amane: Uh, no... that's a little over the top, even for...
Makina: Listen up, you! A slutty girl might have her slutty charms, but take things too far and yer just gonna end up lookin' like a freaky pervert! Got th' message? Good! Now get crackin' on that breakfast!
Amane: ...Agh. Okay...
Makina: ...Now that that's settled, I've got a minor errand ta attend to! See ya!!
Amane: ...Huh? Hey... a minor errand? Where are you going...?
Makina: Hm... whoopsie, there we go...
Amane: Why are you taking off your clothes...?
Makina: Onii-chaaaan! I'll wash yer back for yoooooou～♪
Amane: Hold it right thereeeeeee!!!
Narration: *―There are some people out there who find joy in serving others, making them happy, and being necessary to them. I consider them masochists.*
Narration: *There's no guarantee that such devotion will ever be rewarded. In fact, I think it's safe to say the opposite is more often true.*
Narration: *Case in point: No matter how many people we might kill in the "national interest," no one's going to gratefully reward pieces of trash like us for our "service." That's really only natural.*
Narration: *Maintaining such fruitless devotion for its own sake doesn't make any sense. There's got to be some other motive underneath it all... or so I instinctively suspect.*
Narration: *No matter how much I want to believe Suou Amane's actions are motivated purely by her emotions, this small, nauseating sense of unease just won't disappear.*
Narration: *But of course, I'm a twisted person with all the capacity for trust of a mangy stray dog. Accepting the kindness of others never comes easy to me.*
Makina: Okay then! I devoted myself dilly-gently to my breakfast! Now it's time ta vigorously devour my studies!
Amane: ...I think you may have gotten your verbs reversed there.
Yuuji: Well, her incomprehensible enthusiasm gets across, if nothing else...
Makina: ...Uu? Onii-chan, ya seem kinda worn out.
Amane: Well, when a certain somebody makes that much of a fuss first thing in the morning, that's hardly surprising...
Makina: Sorry, Onii-chan. Ama-nee really did make a helluva fuss...
Amane: I'm talking about you!
Makina: ...Hwah?
Amane: Don't give me that bewildered look! You're shameless! Speaking of which... if I hadn't stopped you, were you really planning to wash Yuuji's back!?
Makina: You betcha. Nothin' like startin' yer day off with a passionate, sticky, no-holds-barred back-washin', in my humble opinion.
Amane: ...I'm at a loss... How am I supposed to scold this girl? The concept of remorse is completely foreign to her.
Makina: ...Hey, Onii-chan... shame about today, but... we can always pick up where we left off sometime when it's just th' two of us...
Yuuji: ...Don't get me involved in this troublesome nonsense...
Makina: Won't be any trouble at all. I'll bring th' condoms.
Amane: ...Heeey. You're right in front of his girlfriend here, you know? You can't say things like that even as a joke, okaaay?
Yuuji: Not to worry. I'm not about to get excited by the likes of Makina.
Makina: Grrm, I see how it is. This is titty discrimination!
Yuuji: That's right. If you want to become my woman, get yourself a serious rack.
Makina: Uuu, this guy says some pretty crazy stuff sometimes...
Yuuji: This is the only way of life I know. Deal with it.
Makina: ...Nuh... Hoisted on my own pee-tarred...
Yuuji: Give up on becoming my woman. And try to be sportsmanlike about it, will you? In exchange, I'll be your big brother as long as you want.
Makina: How 'bout forever...?
Yuuji: Well, as long as I manage to stay alive, I guess.
Makina: Nice! Okay then, I'll take ya up on that! That's a promise, okay?
Yuuji: ...Uh, hold on a second. I feel like I might have rushed into this. Let me think it ov...
Makina: Ah! It's a heli! An Apache!? A Longbow!? No, an AH-64D!?
Yuuji: Ah! Hey, Makina...!
Amane: ...She ran away on you.
Yuuji: What a hopeless girl... That's clearly a civilian helicopter. How do you mistake an EC155B for an AH-64D...?
Amane: More importantly, are you really okay with making that promise?
Yuuji: Well, I suppose. Try not to begrudge Makina the little sister role. I think she's always going to have a hard time functioning unless there's someone looking out for her.
Amane: Mm... true enough...
Yuuji: Let's hurry to the classroom ourselves...
Amane: Ah, Yuuji, hold on...
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Amane: C'mon, your tie's crooked...
Yuuji: Hm? Really...?
Amane: C'mere. I'll get it for you.
Yuuji: ...Right. Thanks...
Amane: You might play the spic-and-span soldier boy, but you definitely have your sloppy side...　
Yuuji: Yeah... I get that a lot...
Narration: *JB once offered me a similar evaluation. "You're insufficiently thorough. That sloppiness is why you always manage to bungle things in the endgame."*
Narration: *But my master responded "That's the one and only part of this kid you could call cute―"*
Narration: *She actually encouraged me to make certain types of sloppy mistakes as a way to attract the tender exasperation of females. Not to say that I'm doing any of this on purpose, but...*
Narration: *In retrospect, it seems there might have been something to that suggestion. Even as she fixes my necktie with a few vaguely maternal complaints, the expression on Amane's face suggests she's enjoying herself.*
Amane: Okay, much better.
Yuuji: Right. Thanks...
Amane: Hey, Yuuji...
Yuuji: What...?
Amane: Am I heavy...?
Yuuji: In terms of body mass?
Amane: Thanks, but I already got that stupid joke from Makina...
Yuuji: Hrm... my humor's on the same level as Makina's...? That's a bit of a shock...
Amane: Well, she has been resembling you more and more lately, you know?
Yuuji: Children change themselves in reaction to the adults around them. It's only natural.
Amane: ...I know it's easy to forget sometimes, young man, but Makina's practically the same age as you.
Yuuji: I'm aware of that. I'm also aware that you're only two years older than me, despite the "wise big sister" act.
Amane: ...Who told you that?
Yuuji: The principal.
Amane: ...I see...
Yuuji: What, did you want to keep it a secret?
Amane: ...No, not really, I guess...
Yuuji: Then there's nothing to worry about. I don't care too much about age either way. Also... if I thought you were heavy, I'd tell you straight out.
Yuuji: You're fine the way you are. Don't try to change yourself to fit me.
Amane: Mm, gotcha.
Yuuji: All right then, let's head to class. Want to hold hands on the way?
Amane: Huh!? You serious!?
Yuuji: No. Just screwing with you.
Amane: Whaaat...? Booo...
Yuuji: Don't boo me. Come on...
Narration: *I offer my left hand to Amane.*
Amane: ...Huh? It's okay...? Really...?
Yuuji: Just until we get to the classroom.
Amane: Yeah! I'm really happy!
Narration: *"Am I getting soft...?" The thought did occur to me. But if you think of it as compensation for Amane's reliable daily service, a little charity like this is entirely justifiable.*
Narration: *Like a dog leaping toward the leash its master's carrying, Amane jumps to grab my hand, firmly intertwining her fingers with mine.*
Narration: *As always, her palm is unusually cold to the touch. But compared to a hot, sweaty hand, this one isn't unpleasant to hold.*
Date: *July 15, 2011, 12:15*
Narration: *―This is a pretty old story that my master heard from her own master. It's about a man who, having finished a big job in Southeast Asia, bought himself a woman.*
Narration: *The man in question had been celebrating the successful completion of his task with a long bout of celebratory drinking. Eventually, the liquor went to his head. He loudly announced "I'm going to buy a woman!" to everyone in the bar―*
Narration: *Then staggered out into the night city, jumped into a taxi, and asked the driver to "Keep goin' till ya hit a place where I can buy a girl!"*
Narration: *The driver conducted him to a small house in shoddy condition. The man was starting to have some second thoughts, but he allowed himself to be ushered inside―*
Narration: *And after picking out a girl with long hair from a number of women lined up against the wall, he took her to a hotel and spent the night with her.*
Narration: *The man felt like the fee they demanded might have been unreasonably high, but he was plastered at the time, and the money from his job was burning a hole in his pocket. He rationalized it as a worthy price for a night of sweet dreams.*
Narration: *When the man woke up the next morning, the girl was gone.*
Narration: *"Oh shit! Did she take me for a ride!?"*
Narration: *But when he checked the pockets of his jacket in a panic, his wallet was still there, and nothing seemed to be missing from the inside.*
Narration: *"Sheesh. Getting a little paranoid. Anyway, those sure were some pleasant dreams..." But just as the man was wrapping the matter up, the girl he had slept with returned to the room, bearing breakfast on a tray.*
Narration: *"What, you haven't gone home yet?"*
Narration: *In response to the man's question, the girl tilted her head in puzzlement.*
Narration: *"I don't know the location of your home yet, husband."*
Narration: *The oddly expensive price hadn't bought the man a single night of pleasure. It had bought him the girl.*
Makina: ...Hmmm? Wait, what happened?
Yuuji: The man paid his money with the intention of spending a single night with the girl, but he'd inadvertently purchased her entire life.
Sachi: ...I've heard the salary of a Japanese university graduate just entering the workforce would make you quite wealthy in certain regions of South Asia, so I suppose such a mistake isn't impossible, but...
Makina: But what's that story got ta do with Ama-nee...?
Yuuji: Well, it isn't quite over yet.
Yuuji: The man went back to the little house in an attempt to return the girl to her family, but her father flatly refused to take her back. Said the deal was already done. Sounds heartless, but...
Yuuji: In that region, dowry costs could be a huge burden if a family had many daughters. Selling them off to foreigners made a lot of sense economically. In the end, the man had no choice but to take the girl back to his own country.
Yuuji: He was pretty shell-shocked; felt like he'd stumbled into a total catastrophe at first. But once he brought the girl back to his hometown, his opinion changed dramatically. You see, she happened to be a hell of a hard worker.
Yuuji: Maybe that's just how they raised them over there, but the fear that he'd decide she was "useless" and abandon her probably had a lot to do with it as well. Either way, she waited on the man hand and foot.
Yuuji: And apparently, the girl had been strictly trained in housework from a very young age... She took on all the cleaning, washing, and cooking, and handled them all quite skillfully.
Yuuji: When the man took a bath, she'd wash his back. When he went to work, she'd help him into his business suit, then send him off by kneeling in the entranceway with her forehead pressed to the floor...
Yuuji: The girl not only readily accepted all of this as her role, but would actually start weeping if the man tried to keep her from performing her "duties." At first, he was at something of a loss...
Yuuji: But in time, the man decided to accept this dependent new lifestyle. His reasoning was simple: apparently, being necessary to him in even the smallest ways was very important to his wife.
Yuuji: It certainly felt pompous to "allow" the girl to attend slavishly to his every need. But if that would reassure her that her place in the world was secure, he decided it was the right thing to do.
Yuuji: And in the end, they stayed married for more than 40 years. At the man's deathbed, the girl was by his side. These were apparently her final words to him...
Yuuji: "I was terrified and miserable at first. The realization that I'd been bought by some strange foreigner brought me to tears many times. But even so, in the end... I'm glad. From the bottom of my heart, I'm glad you bought me."
Makina: What the heck! I'm tearin' up here!!
Yuuji: Understandable. Maybe you see what I'm getting at here, but... for me, I think Suou Amane might be something like that girl...
Yuuji: So for now, I think I'm going to try letting Amane do what she wants. Just like the man in the story...
Sachi: ...So that entire story was your attempt at an excuse for entering the classroom hand-in-hand with Amane-san?
Yuuji: Uh... come on... no need to put it so bluntly, is there...? Not that you're wrong... 
Makina: In other words, you've decided ta follow my example and spend th' rest of your life leechin' off Ama-nee?
Yuuji: Did you even listen to what I was saying...?
Makina: C'mon, it was a long ass story, and I didn't really get th' point, ya know? Keep your reports concise!
Yuuji: ...And now she's talking like JB? Cheeky brat...
Sachi: ...Maki-chan, men's excuses are by their very nature lengthy and largely incoherent.
Yuuji: And you're not much better... Don't kick me in the gut with that knowing smile on your face...
Yuuji: Argh... Anyway, I still find Amane's kindness pretty odd, but I guess I've decided to stop fighting it. I think that's the best way to repay her goodwill... as long as I can remember to be grateful. That's all I'm trying to say.
Makina: Oho... I see.
Yuuji: You still don't get it, do you?
Makina: Nope.
Sachi: I, however, understand entirely. An excellent way of thinking, in my humble opinion. I identified so strongly with your tale that I could barely restrain the urge to tearfully wail my agreement.
Sachi: The supreme bliss of being necessary to another; a sympathetic master who understands the need to be neeeded... Truly, there is no greater blessing for a maid!
Sachi: The emotional impact of such a profound reward for your daily labors must be overwhelming. If one were to receive, say, a gentle pat on the head on top of it all, it might well prove impossible to maintain control of your bladder!
Makina: Aah... sorta like them excitable, yappy lil' dogs that piss themselves in joy when th' master says "time for a walk"...?
Yuuji: Uh... I don't think I like the sound of this...
Makina: Not ta worry. Ama-nee's a placid, well-trained big dog. Ya know... won't pee on yer carpet, won't bark at the squirrels outside, sits waiting patiently by the door for her master to come home.
Sachi: Ah, I believe I'm familiar with the type... Something like the Inoue family's "Lucky," perhaps?
Yuuji: Lucky...?
Makina: What, haven't ya ever seen her around, Onii-chan? If ya go shopping at Shoei's in th' evening, sometimes she's sittin' next to the door. Big, brown, kinda dopey dog.
Yuuji: Oh, I think I might know the one you're talking about. The borzoi that's always gnawing on a chewed-up plastic backscratcher?
Sachi: Lucky is quite intelligent. When her master is shopping, she flops down quietly outside, droops her ears lazily to the ground, and doesn't budge an inch. She never barks, even when other dogs pass by.
Makina: Sometimes th' neighborhood kids yank on her tail or ears as a prank, but she just gets this mildly annoyed look on her face. Never seen her get mad. She's a really gentle dog, ya know?
Sachi: And when she notices her master about to leave the store, she jumps up right away and assumes an alert sitting posture―
Sachi: With her face saying "I've been waiting at attention the whole time!" It's unbelievably cute...
Yuuji: I see... Now that you mention it, that does sound a bit like Amane...
Amane: Hm? Somebody say my name?
Yuuji: Oh, hey there Amane. We were just noting your resemblance to a dog.
Amane: ...I resemble a dog...?
Makina: Dang straight ya do! Give Ama-nee some food that's gettin' close to the expiration date, and she'll start sniffin' it like a suspicious puppy!
Sachi: Aah. Now that you mention it, that does seem to be a habit of hers...
Amane: ...Huh? Seriously? Do I really do that...?
Makina: Uhm, yes. Just th' other day, ya stuck your face in an old pot of tofu soup and sniffed away.
Amane: But... come on, tofu goes bad pretty fast in the summer. I can't go feeding people sketchy stuff that might upset their stomachs... right?
Sachi: But Amane-san, you do the exact same thing when you're shopping at the fishmonger or greengrocer, if I'm not mistaken. I don't believe I've ever seen you buy anything without giving it a sniff first.
Amane: ...Huh? Uh, yeah... I mean, you always want to get the freshest possible stuff, right...?
Yuuji: Can you seriously tell how fresh produce is by sniffing it...?
Amane: Well... I... I don't know. It's just an unconscious habit, I guess. You know, uh, I grew up buying ingredients for my family's restaurant, so I can't help taking my shopping seriously... Ahahaha...
Yuuji: I see...
Michiru: Sachiiii! Sachiiii! Sachi, where are youuu!?
Sachi: Ah, yes! Over here...
Michiru: Ooh, there you are! I'm hungry, Sachi. Let's do lunch!
Sachi: Certainly. I'll begin preparations at once.
Michiru: You brought me a boxed lunch, right? There better not be any green peppers or celery in there!
Sachi: Yes, of course. None whatsoever. I wouldn't dream of concluding "Michiru-sama has no sense of taste anyway, so she won't notice," then finely chopping up large quantities of the ingredients in question into your lunch.
Michiru: Heeeey! That'd better be the absolute truth, okay!?
Sachi: But of course, you silly goose. Me, deceive Michiru-sama? The mere thought is preposterous. You can trust me, I assure you.
Michiru: Grrm... Somehow, it feels like you've been treating me pretty roughly recently... Is it just my imagination?
Sachi: It is indeed your imagination. Entirely so. You've crossed the border into a country of wizards!
Michiru: ...What the heck?
Amane: A country of wizards... A magi nation...?
Makina: Laaaaaaaaaaaaaaame!!!
Yuuji: ...Wait a second. Michiru, you've been having Sachi make boxed lunches for you?
Michiru: What if I have? You got a problem with that? I mean, it's not like I ordered her to do this. Sachi offered.
Sachi: Ah, yes. Michiru-sama commented that she was getting sick of the catered lunches every day, and I was presumptuous enough to offer my humble services...
Amane: Whaaat? I would have made a share for you if you'd just asked, Michiru...
Michiru: No thanks! Your lunches are way too veggie-heavy. I'm a carnivore! <I needo meat!>
Sachi: Why did you feel the need to say that in English...?
Michiru: I do what I want! You got a problem!?
Yuuji: Michiru, I really hope you're showing Sachi appropriate gratitude for this.
Michiru: I'm a humble, down-to-earth woman! I'm always filled with gratitude and thoughtfulness toward others. But I also happen to be a tsundere, so I never let it show on the surface!
Yuuji: ...I see... Is that just how tsunderes are, as a species...?
Makina: 'Course, if ya overdo it, you're just gonna seem like an annoyin' jerk. Chiruchiru bein' an excellent case in point...
Michiru: Th-That's not true! Positively probably maybe not true!
Amane: What's with the rapidfire three-step transformation from confidence to total uncertainty...?
Makina: Nice rhythm, though. Wanna make it a catchphrase?
Yuuji: Do me a favor and don't. I'm getting a headache already...
Sachi: A-Anyway, let's have our lunch...
Michiru: Good thinking! If I let myself get distracted by these idiots, the break will be over in no time! C'mon, Sachi, let's bowl on down to the cafeteria. I feel like washing down my munchies with seaweed soup today!
Sachi: Yes, I'll be right along...
Sachi: ...And so, we'll be heading to the cafeteria... What are your plans, everyone?
Amane: We'll be eating in the classroom.
Sachi: ............
Amane: Hm? What is it?
Sachi: ...I'm slightly envious of you, Amane-san. Is it selfish to feel that way, I wonder...?
Amane: ...Huh? Sorry, what are you talking about?
Makina: Well, ya know, Chiruchiru's th' type who forgets ta feed the family dog...
Amane: What? Again with the dogs?
Sachi: ...Well then, please excuse me.
Amane: ...What was all that about?
Yuuji: Don't worry about it. More importantly, I've gained a keen understanding of what gratitude means thanks to Michiru's negative example... Amane, thank you for everything you do...
Amane: Huh? Ah, yeah... You're welcome, I guess?
Makina: Don't really get it, am I right?
Amane: ...Yeah...
Yuuji: You don't need to get it.
Narration: *Even gratitude can be annoying if you shove it in someone's face.*
Narration: *Much like any other form of charity, "giving back" to others is meaningless if you're motivated primarily by the desire to show off your own nobility.*
Narration: *When I see a politician on television proudly wearing brightly-colored flags and ribbons on his lapel, my first and only thought is "look at that swaggering hypocrite." I guess you could say I'm cynical by nature, but...*
Narration: *I don't want to show my gratitude to Amane that way. Not through some self-satisfied display.*
Narration: *I want to keep those feelings mostly to myself, the better to preserve them and keep them genuine.*
Narration: *If the world calls this less effusive approach the mark of a "tsundere," then I guess I'm a tsundere after all. I'll bear that mark of disgrace with pride.*
Narration: *And I'll set an example by my way of life... one that will dispel the foul reputation a few regrettable individuals have brought upon our misunderstood tribe.*
Date: *July 15, 2011, 16:30*
Yumiko: ...Kazami-kun, do you have a moment?
Yuuji: Hm? What?
Yumiko: We received a shipment of new books for the library today, but it seems they were accidentally delivered to the dormitory.
Yuuji: Hoh... now that you mention it, I did notice a truck over there this afternoon. Must have been the one...
Yumiko: Anyway, I was hoping you might be able to carry the books in question to the library. I apologize for the hassle, but the supplier's already left, and the physical labor involved would likely be too much for Komine-san...
Yuuji: Hrm... very well. I was looking forward to getting some new material in the library myself. I'll lend a hand.
Yumiko: I see. Thank you, I appreciate it.
Yuuji: Just need me to lug them over here?
Yumiko: Yes. Once you bring them to the library, I'll take care of putting them on the proper shelves.
Yuuji: Roger. Let's get started.
Narration: *It's pretty rare for Sakaki to ask someone for help like this. And unexpected.*
Narration: *Above all else, she's a proud woman. And I'm sure I rank among the very last people she'd ever want to ask for help. So when she swallows that pride and turns to me, I can't very well just shoot her down.*
Narration: *...On top of which, I honestly do want more books in the library.*
Yuuji: That said, I wasn't expecting quite this many...
Narration: *A mountain of sizable cardboard boxes are stacked up next to the dorm's front entrance.*
Narration: *Assuming around 24 books per box and 16 boxes in all, I've got a good 384 volumes or so to carry over to the schoolhouse.*
Yuuji: ...Might have been a little too hasty in agreeing to that request.
Yuuji: Well, nothing I can do about it now. I accepted the job, so I've got to carry it out. In a situation like this, it's better to get moving before you start thinking too much...
Narration: *If you stand around too long in front of a task like this, it's easy to get paralyzed by your self-pity. This'll never get done unless I finish it. Just have to chip away at the mountain.*
Narration: *In short, it's something like mowing the maneuvering grounds. In which case, there's only one conclusion―*
Yuuji: ...Hmph... a mere sixteen round trips? Don't make me laugh.
Narration: *If you ask the thinking men and women of the world, they'd probably tell you mindless jobs are the most miserable of all. But I'm not one of those people. By nature, I'm well-suited to this sort of simple work.*
Amane: Hm? Huh? Yuuji? What on earth are you doing out here...?
Yuuji: Hey. Sakaki asked me to help get some new books over to the library.
Amane: Hmm, oh, is that it? I was wondering what the deal with the boxes was. Books, huh? Want me to help out?
Yuuji: No, that's alright. You were just heading out on some errand, right?
Amane: Yeah... well, I was planning to go shopping for dinner...
Yuuji: Then that's your job at the moment. I'll take care of this.
Amane: I see. In that case, I'll make something you like for dinner. What do you feel like having?
Yuuji: Anything's fine.
Amane: ...You do realize that's the most troublesome possible answer, right...?
Yuuji: Really...? I was trying to imply that anything you make is delicious...
Amane: ...G-Geez. Flattery's not going to get you anywhere...
Yuuji: Hrm... all right, then. Something a bit spicy, maybe?
Amane: Spicy...? So, uh, curry or mapo tofu or something...?
Yuuji: I'll leave the details to you. Just feel like something with a bit of a kick to it.
Amane: Okay, gotcha. Something spicy it shall be.
Yuuji: Makina's going to eat it too, so keep the intensity reasonable.
Amane: Mm, roger. Okay, it should be done by seven, so come to my room around then.
Yuuji: Got it.
Narration: *When asked "What do you feel like having for dinner?" a man who answers "Anything's fine" is undeniably negligent.*
Narration: *But is it just me, or is the woman who demands an answer to that question being a bit unreasonable in her own right?*
Narration: *Your average young man doesn't exactly have a sophisticated palate.*
Narration: *They can tell the difference between salty, sweet, and spicy, but that's about it. In most cases, they'll find pretty much anything with a strong flavor "delicious."*
Narration: *Speaking of which, Amane's cooking seems to have been influenced by the restrained style of her mother's homeland; I can't deny that her subtly flavored dishes sometimes feel a bit lacking in impact to me, typical young man that I am.*
Narration: *That would be the reason I decided to request something spicy, which necessarily demands heavier seasoning.*
Narration: *It might be a somewhat risky request to make of some people, but in Amane's case, I'm sure she won't put out anything absurdly hot. It'll probably be reasonably spicy, as a complement to a rich overall flavor.*
Narration: *...I mean, now that I think about it... I've eaten Amane's cooking many times before, but I don't think she's ever served me anything I just couldn't finish.*
Narration: *Probably the fruit of her "Ma's" vaunted training regimen.*
Yuuji: ...I see. A well-trained big dog, eh? Sounds about right...
Yumiko: ...Uh, look. What exactly have you been mumbling about for the last few minutes?
Yuuji: Hrm. My apologies. Did you find it creepy?
Yumiko: Talking to yourself is generally regarded as an unpleasant habit. I suggest you work on that.
Yuuji: Duly noted...
Yuuji: On a different note... can you cook, Sakaki?
Yumiko: ...Where's this coming from all of a sudden...?
Yuuji: Well, just my idle curiosity, I guess.
Yumiko: Tell me, are you familiar with the "microwave oven?"
Yuuji: But of course. The microwave oven is a sacred treasure, dropped from heaven by a benevolent God to save the single males of the world.
Yumiko: Yes, that's right. However, that divine blessing wasn't bestowed on bachelors alone. Just for your information, I happen to be something of a professional at microwaving instant noodles.
Yuuji: ...We were born in a good era, Sakaki...
Yumiko: Yes, quite true. In this, if nothing else, we have to thank our parents...
Yuuji: ............
Yuuji: ...Here are the books.
Yumiko: ...Good work. Now go get me some more.
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Come to think of it, in this microwave age of ours, domestic cooks like Amane might be a fairly rare subcategory of the female population.*
Narration: *And against that contrast of insipid frozen food and instant TV dinners, warm homemade meals grab the male heart all the more firmly.*
Narration: *As a matter of fact, my belated decision to accept Amane's profession of love had a lot to do with that.*
Narration: *Cooking is something I mostly handled by myself, for myself. That's how it's been for a long time, even back when I was living with my master.*
Narration: *Not to say that JB didn't pop in and whip up a meal every once in a while, but―*
Narration: *Perhaps thanks to her crude, sloppy approach to cooking, I can't say the food ever really felt like a "family meal."*
Narration: *As for Amane... her evident experience in the kitchen is really striking.*
Narration: *Her mother's lessons must have been strict and extensive indeed, and they must have started very young. Amane's approach to cooking is that of a self-assured housewife who's spent many years putting food on the table every night.*
Narration: *I still remember a little maxim Amane once shared with me...*
Narration: *"Every human being has to eat. If a woman can cook, she can marry anyone in any country and manage just fine for herself."*
Narration: *Indeed, wise words; at the time, I nodded in agreement.*
Narration: *From that perspective, Amane's certainly a hell of a woman. You could hardly ask for more, in fact. Any way you look at it, the girl's definitely wasted on the likes of me.*
Narration: *Unlike Sakaki, she can cook. Unlike Michiru, she doesn't bark at random like a deranged chihuahua. Unlike Makina, she has a rich feminine body. And unlike Sachi, she doesn't bottle up her emotions inside.*
Yuuji: ...Did I hit the jackpot here...?
Yumiko: ...Again with the creepy soliloquy...
Yuuji: Sorry, Sakaki. Mind if I say just one thing?
Yumiko: ...Feel free.
Yuuji: Couldn't hurt to try learning how to cook.
Yumiko: I suppose. But it's less that I can't cook, and more that I choose not to...
Yuuji: I see.
Yuuji: ...More books.
Yumiko: Thanks. Keep them coming.
Yuuji: Very well...
Narration: *Unfortunately for you, Sakaki my friend, I've spent a long time among women who can't cook, and every one of them has said the same thing. JB being the representative example.*
Narration: *I do understand that a female's charm isn't defined by her skill in the kitchen, but when you get right down to it, the number one thing men want from the woman in their life is "warmth."*
Narration: *Next on the conventional list would probably be "nursing," followed by "entertainment."*
Narration: *In summary, men want hospitality from their partner. If a woman satisfies those needs, it can easily make up for severe shortcomings in some other respect. Even physical attractiveness.*
Yuuji: Although Amane's pretty near a perfect score in that field as well...
Narration: *She's attentive to detail, skilled at cooking, and ridiculously sexy.*
Narration: *Objectively speaking, pretty much a perfect choice for a relationship. Worthy of a round of applause.*
Narration: *But precisely because I think that way, it's hard to get my head around the idea that she'd fall in love with me, of all people.*
Narration: *They say women tend to look for "promise" in their young men... but I hardly think I have anything of the sort.*
Narration: *Quite the opposite. Every day brings with it a chance that I'll be rotting in the grave before evening.*
Narration: *I'm a worthless stray dog of a human being. A wolf that dressed itself up as a sheep in its pathetic desperation for warmth. There's practically nothing about me to attract a woman like Amane.*
Narration: *There's no reason why people fall in love; or perhaps you could say the reasons are frequently impossible to express in words. I do understand that much. But still, I can't help but think "Why me?"*
Narration: *I suppose it's possible she noticed the stink of carrion on my breath and mistook it for the titillating aroma of a "wild" man.*
Narration: *But that's no different from the fleeting, shallow delusion of a middle school girl who gets a crush on the class delinquent.*
Narration: *In that case, there's a chance Amane will part from me on her own in time, and end up looking back on this relationship with embarrassment.*
Yuuji: ...But that's fine. In the end, whatever Amane sees in me is a mirage... And little girls have to face reality eventually...
Yumiko: ............
Yuuji: What's wrong? No longer have the energy to make fun of me talking to myself?
Yumiko: Not at all. I was actually rather impressed, in a way. When someone mumbles to themself at this length, the result can actually be rather poetic...
Yuuji: Think you'd buy a copy of my collected soliloquies?
Yumiko: If you need to force your acquaintances to purchase your book, it's generally wisest to give up on being an author.
Yuuji: Sakaki, you say clever things sometimes...
Yumiko: Oh, you think so as well? I plan to publish a collection eventually. "The Collected Wisdom of Sakaki Yumiko." Not to worry, I'll send you an autographed copy.
Yuuji: Skip the personal dedication. Just makes it harder to sell to the used bookstore.
Yumiko: If you have the time to make stupid jokes, use it to carry books!
Yuuji: Yes, Ma'am!
Narration: *Continuing my exceptionally self-centered and repetitive ruminations, I carry over the cardboard boxes one after another―*
Narration: *And after finishing the physical labor, I stick around to help Sakaki shelve the books. It's somewhat tedious work, but we pass the time exchanging opinions on stuff we've read recently. Before I notice, it's already past 9 PM.*
Date: *July 15, 2011, 21:12*
Yumiko: ...I'm sorry. I ended up keeping you rather late.
Yuuji: Not your fault. Can't just leave the job unfinished, after all.
Yumiko: As an apology, shall we get dinner somewhere? I'll pay, of course.
Yuuji: Appreciate the offer, but I've got...
Yuuji: ...Ah!
Yumiko: What's the matter?
Yuuji: Crap... Completely slipped my mind, but I promised to be at Amane's room for dinner at seven...
Yumiko: Oh my... I imagine Suou-san must be getting fairly tired of waiting by now.
Yuuji: ...Well... I'm a good two hours late... Don't you think she probably just went ahead and ate...?
Yumiko: I don't know about that... Suou-san's strangely faithful about these things. I think there's a good chance she's waited all this time...
Yuuji: ...This isn't good...
Yumiko: If she seems terribly upset, feel free to blame it all on me. If you tell her "Sakaki roped me into helping," perhaps she'll be somewhat mollified.
Yuuji: No... rather than risk making things worse with some half-assed lie, I'd prefer to be honest from the start and apologize... I'm the one in the wrong here. Can't be dishonest on top of it all...
Yumiko: You're rather clumsy in that regard, after all. Not that I dislike that about you...
Yuuji: I'm well aware that I'm a clumsy man. No need to rub it in...
Yumiko: Incidentally... are you and Suou-san currently in a relationship? Of the romantic variety, that is.
Yuuji: ...Yeah. I guess Amane's become my girlfriend, somehow or other...
Yumiko: I see...
Yuuji: Sorry... wasn't really trying to keep it a secret or anything, but... kind of wanted to avoid a big fuss, so I decided not to bring it up until somebody asked...
Yumiko: Well, you didn't really need to announce it, I suppose. I had a rough idea just from watching the two of you lately...
Yuuji: Really? Well, I did figure you'd notice eventually, but the others... Not to put too fine a point on it, but they're more on the oblivious side of things...
Yumiko: True enough. Matsushima-san in particular. If you don't tell her flat out, it's entirely possible she'll never catch on...
Yuuji: You have a point... In her case, a preemptive announcement might prevent a lot more hassle down the road...
Yumiko: That would be wise. The news may well put her in a bad mood for a little while, but I'm sure she'll end up giving the two of you her blessing...
Yuuji: Yeah, I'll do that...
Yumiko: Anyway, thank you again for your help. Could you please convey my apologies to Suou-san as well?
Yuuji: Got it... I'll pass that on.
Yumiko: Well then, I'll see you at school tomorrow.
Yuuji: Yeah, see you tomorrow...
Yuuji: ............
Yuuji: All right then... guess I'd better head to Amane's room...
Narration: *I told her I'd be there at seven, and it's now a solid quarter past nine. I'm a full two hours and fifteen minutes late.*
Narration: *Amane may not be the type to bark for no reason, but this surely warrants a good yapping. I enter her room fully prepared for such an eventuality, but the outcome is surprisingly painless.*
Amane: Ah, hey there, Yuuji. So what's the plan? Want to eat right away, or take a bath first?
Yuuji: ...Uh...
Narration: *It's not like I particularly wanted her to get angry at me, but this completely nonchalant attitude is almost creepy...*
Amane: If you're going to take a bath, you should probably hurry. Wait too long and Sacchan will drain the hot water from the grand bathroom before you can use it.
Yuuji: Right...
Amane: Of course, you can always use the bath in my room, if you want. Anyway, what's your pleasure?
Yuuji: Let's eat first... I'll take a bath in my own room...
Amane: Oh? Okay then. I'll get the food ready right away. Just have to warm it up, so just take a seat and it won't be more than a few minutes.
Yuuji: ...Yeah... thanks...
Yuuji: Hey, Amane...
Amane: Hm? What's up?
Yuuji: ...I said I'd be here at seven. I showed up well past nine. Didn't even get in touch. Aren't you angry?
Amane: Hmmm? Mmm... well, you know, can't say I was overjoyed about it. But I did have a feeling this might happen... You were helping Sakaki-san with the books, weren't you?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right. Not that's it's her fault. She just asked me to carry over those boxes, and I finished that by six. I decided to stay and help put the books away on my own initiative...
Amane: Right, and I completely understand. So I'm not particularly upset or anything.
Amane: Ah... wait, maybe you want me to be mad? Harrumph! I'm weally angwy this time, buster! Or something along those lines...?
Yuuji: ...Seriously annoying...
Amane: I know, right? So, like I said. I'm not angry.
Amane: Aah... that said, next time you're going to be a late, a phone call in advance would be nice. Just for my peace of mind, you know?
Yuuji: I'll keep that in mind...
Amane: Okay then, thanks for waiting. You said you were in a mood for something spicy, so I made a mapo bowl.
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Amane: I tried using your beloved beans in place of the ground meat. What do you think?
Yuuji: ...Let's see...
Narration: *Amane places the spicy tofu on rice dish in question on the table, along with a side of chinese egg soup.*
Narration: *At a glance, it seem a perfectly normal mapo bowl, but closer examination reveals the standard minced pork has indeed been replaced with finely ground beans. Vividly pale buds of garlic create a nice visual contrast, stirring my appetite.*
Narration: *I push my chinese spoon into the mapo bowl, scoop out a large hunk of rice covered in the thick bean paste, and take a bite. A rich flavor instantly fills my mouth. A moderately sharp, spicy tang provides a nice accent.*
Yuuji: Nice work. This is really good.
Amane: Isn't it? I'm glad you like it!
Yuuji: You really can make anything delicious, can't you?
Amane: Or maybe you just say that about everything you eat... Is it really delicious?
Yuuji: You tried a bit yourself, didn't you?
Amane: Well, yeah... just a little...
Yuuji: Then take another bite and see for yourself. Come on, open wide.
Amane: ...Huh?
Yuuji: Look, I'm telling you to give me an "aaan." Open that mouth.
Amane: Ah... aaaan...
Yuuji: See? Delicious, isn't it?
Amane: Y-Yeah...
Yuuji: You should really have a little more confidence in your culinary skills.
Amane: ...Y-You think...?
Yuuji: If you're really that suspicious, try feeding me something disgusting as an experiment. I'll tell you exactly how crappy it is.
Amane: I can't do that. The whole point is that I want you to really, truly enjoy my cooking...
Yuuji: I really, truly do. I like the way you kept the spiciness moderate, for one thing. Did you season this with Makina's tastes in mind?
Amane: Aah... well, I think my tastes might have had more to do with it. Might not guess it, but that girl doesn't really have a problem with spicy stuff.
Yuuji: Come to think of it, where is Makina?
Amane: She already finished her dinner and took her bath. At the moment, she's in the lounge with Sachi, watching one of her favorite TV shows on the big screen.
Yuuji: ...Ah, right... That one with the lunatic professor who's always getting mauled by wild animals...?
Amane: Yeah, that's the one. There's a two-hour special episode tonight, I guess.
Narration: *Come to think of it... when I passed by the lounge on the way to my room, I remember catching a glimpse of a frenzied Makina gnawing on Michiru's head. Although I pretended not to notice.*
Yuuji: ...I'd bet money Michiru just happened to be passing by when a television-addled "grizzly bear" went looking for prey... Girl's got no luck, does she...?
Amane: Hm? What are you talking about?
Yuuji: Nothing of any value, I assure you. Don't worry about it.
Amane: ...Uh, okay then.
Narration: *Having thoroughly enjoyed Amane's considerate hospitality, I head back to my own room in order to take a bath.*
Yuuji: ―And so, I've returned to my room, but...
Amane: Ehehe?
Yuuji: ...Don't "ehehe" me. Why'd you follow me?
Amane: Well, you're gonna take a bath, right? I was thinking I could come in with you. Wash your back, maybe?
Yuuji: Yeah, gonna have to go with a "no thank you."
Amane: Huuuuuuuh～?
Yuuji: Don't "huuuuh" me either. What are you thinking?
Amane: C'mon, Yuuji. I'm your girlfriend now, riiight? A little bathtime togetherness is par for the course, right?
Yuuji: ...Let's see. What kind of scolding would be appropriate here...?
Narration: *I've come to realize something all too clearly recently: Amane is basically happiest when she's taking care of a man. The more hopeless and childish that man is, the more she enjoys herself.*
Narration: *In other words, she's the sort of woman who tends to actively encourage the men in her life to become worthless. Play along, and one day I'll end up incapable of scrubbing my own back.*
Narration: *Perhaps I should draw a clear line in the sand here...?*
Yuuji: You can wait around all you want, but I'm not going to be taking a bath.
Amane: Huh? Then what are you going to do?
Yuuji: Read a book.
Amane: ...Ah, really? Am I going to be a distraction, then? Should I leave?
Yuuji: Well, no... I don't mind if you're here. But it's not like there's anything for you to do.
Amane: That's okay with me. I just want to be with you for a while, Yuuji.
Yuuji: That a fact...?
Narration: *There may be a number of strings attached, but Amane's my "girlfriend."*
Narration: *That being the case, if she wants to stay with me, I'm not going to kick her out.*
Narration: *But to be honest, I'm still uncertain about this woman in many respects. About her motives; about the depth of her feelings toward me.*
Narration: *By coming in close contact with me on a daily basis, Amane will come to understand exactly how dull a human being I am. One day, she'll probably part from me of her own accord.*
Narration: *...I throw myself down onto the bed and begin to read.*

Date: *July 15, 2011, 23:13 - School Dormitory*
Narration: *―Thus, in a sad comment on the casual irresponsibility of modern youth culture, Amane and I made love for no real reason within a day of beginning our relationship.*
Narration: *Of course, I don't regret it in the least. And I don't plan to make Amane regret it either.*
Narration: *Personally, I approached this transition to physical intimacy as a fairly serious decision. Amane, on the other hand, appears downright nonchalant about it―*
Narration: *"This was going to happen sooner or later, after all," seems to be the extent of her strangely composed thoughts on the matter.*
Amane: Okay, listen up. I'm available whenever and wherever you get horny, so don't go buying sex or picking up girls in bars anymore. Got it?
Yuuji: I already gave you my word on that.
Amane: This is the final affirmation. Raise your right hand and swear a solemn oath.
Yuuji: ...I, Kazami Yuuji, solemnly swear never to sleep with any woman other than Suou Amane from this day forth...
Amane: Acceptable!
Narration: *Considering how casual she was about the sex itself, the shackles she's attaching after the fact are pretty tight...*
Narration: *I've already got a collar around my neck, and now I've picked up a ball and chain too. But I guess that's probably just what it means to have a girlfriend.*
Narration: *A girlfriend, eh...? A girlfriend...*
Narration: *I repeat the word a few times inside my head, but the idea still doesn't seem quite real to me.*
Narration: *No matter how hard I try to evaluate the ways in which this relationship will alter my way of life, I'm drawing a blank. The concept of "going out" with someone is just too foreign to me.*
Narration: *That ignorance, in turn, gives rise to a wave of anxiety. I'm stumbling into the unknown here; there's a possibility I made a pretty crazy decision. Still, I suppose there's hardly any use worrying about it now.*
Narration: *...By this point, Amane's presence in my life was already slowly and steadily throwing me off the balance I'd grown accustomed to. But at the time, I lacked the perspective to understand that.*
Date: *July 16, 2011, 12:25*
Narration: *―Adding a "girlfriend" to my life may be a momentous change for me, but it shouldn't really have much of an impact on anyone else.*
Narration: *Or so I figured. Apparently incorrectly.*
Narration: *The first signs of abnormal developments in this regard emerge during lunch period the next day.*
Narration: *As I unfold my boxed lunch on my desk, Matsushima Michiru lets out a sudden yelp.*
Michiru: Geh! What the heck is that, Yuuji!? What are you eating!?
Yuuji: It's a boxed lunch, as should be obvious...
Michiru: ...Yes, thanks, I know that. I was asking about the contents of that lunch...
Yuuji: Well, the main dish would be a charred omelette.
Michiru: Uuuwah... that thing looks awful... Why are you eating that? Did Makina make you lunch today or something?
Yuuji: No, Amane did.
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait... what? Amane screwed up her cooking...? I've never seen that happen before, not even once! What's wrong with you, Amane!?
Amane: Aah... well, uhm... what can I say...? I was a little spaced out this morning...
Makina: Ama-nee's been kinda weird since last night, ya know? When I talked to her, she'd kinda just go "aah" or "oh." Pretty obviously tunin' me out entirely...
Michiru: What's the matter, Amane? Did something happen...?
Amane: N-Not really. Nothing big! I really was just a little spaced out...
Michiru: ...Spaced out enough to burn that omelette totally black? Uh, speaking of which, I'm amazed you're actually eating that thing, Yuuji... Isn't it nasty?
Yuuji: Don't waste food that a woman made you. That's a rule of mine.
Michiru: The heck is that?
Amane: ...Uuugh... I told him not to eat it as soon as I realized how badly I screwed up, you know? But he got all mad about me "not valuing the food" and snatched it away...
Makina: Onii-chan's weirdly stubborn about that stuff, fer sure...
Narration: *I did tell the girl to try serving me something disgusting, but I wasn't expecting her to put my half-serious proposal into practice the very next day.*
Narration: *Amane clearly didn't intend to feed me something this unpleasant, but since I told her I'd be brutally honest on this front, I feel obligated to eat it and inform her if it tastes like crap―*
Narration: *But when you get down to it, I'm still the guy who was ridiculed as the "Garbage Eater." A burnt omelette hardly even qualifies as unpleasant compared to some of the stuff I've choked down.*
Amane: Hey, Yuuji... I get the message, and I'm really sorry... so you can just stop eating that, okay? I'll eat the leftovers...
Yuuji: No, it's not inedibly bad. I'll finish it.
Amane: ...Ugh... are you picking on me here, or what?
Yuuji: Well, I do hope you've learned a lesson from this. Food should always be treated with respect. Approach cooking with earnest focus at all times.
Amane: Yes, sir. Sorry, sir...
Michiru: What the heck? She's making you a homemade lunch, isn't she? That's some attitude.
Yuuji: You're the last person I want to hear that from, but... I guess Amane's lapse of concentration is partly my fault. That's another reason I'm taking responsibility for her mistake in this way.
Michiru: Hmmm? What are you talking about?
Amane: Wah! No! Uh, you see, uhm!
Yuuji: I made love to Amane last night.
Amane: Don't just blurt it out!!!
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait, what? You mean, like... Uhm... what's that supposed to mean...?
Yuuji: Did I not tell you about this yet, Michiru? Amane's my "girlfriend" now. We just consummated the relationship, so to speak.
Michiru: Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?
Yuuji: ...Is it really that surprising?
Yuuji: And, uh... Sachi, Sakaki, why are you two shrieking as well? I don't remember either of you being a part of this conversation... Were you eavesdropping?
Sachi: Well... uhm... I apologize, but... you see... I'm sorry...
Yumiko: ...I was aware that you two were dating, but... S-Suou-san... you m-m... made love...? Moving rather quickly, wouldn't you say...!?
Amane: I know, I know... Don't rub it in...
Michiru: H... Hey! Why the heck didn't you mention something this important earlier!?
Amane: Well... uhm... when we started going out, I did say we should let everyone know, but... Yuuji said it'd be a pain in the ass... Told me to keep quiet until someone asked...
Sachi: I had sensed that the bond between Kazami-san and Amane-san was growing deeper of late, but... this is still quite a shock. To think it developed into a physical relationship so quickly...
Sachi: It seems I was underestimating you, Amane-san...
Makina: Welp, when you've got a girl prancin' around in front of you with her big ol' titties jigglin' like jello, any red-blooded guy's gonna jump on her. Can't blame Onii-chan.
Michiru: Hold on, Makina. You're pretty calm... Did you know about this...?
Makina: Uu? Well, I knew th' two of 'em were goin' out, but I didn't know about what happened last night...
Michiru: I-Is this really okay with you!?
Makina: Ou? Whatcha talkin' about?
Michiru: I mean, you've been practically glued to Yuuji lately! Are you just gonna take this sitting down!?
Makina: Aah? Hmm, well...ya know, I'm not really lookin' for a boyfriend here. More like a father or a big brother... Somethin' along those lines.
Makina: And nothin's really changin' on that front. Onii-chan said he'd be my big bro forever, so there's no problem as far as I'm concerned.
Michiru: O-Oh...
Makina: Forget about me, why are you so worked up about this, Chiruchiru? Are you opposed ta Ama-nee and Onii-chan's relationship?
Michiru: That's not... what I'm saying... but this is all so sudden... Right, Yumiko?
Yumiko: ...Kindly refrain from dragging me into this. I don't particularly... have any objection to their relationship... Well, uh... as long as they keep it in moderation in public, I suppose...
Sachi: It was inevitable... I foresaw that this day would come to pass a full 20 years ago...
Yuuji: Tell me, Sachi, how old are you supposed to be?
Makina: ...So when we get down to it, what's th' final verdict gonna be? Maybe it's time fer you-know-what?
Michiru: What the heck is you-know-what?
Sachi: I believe she's referring to, well... you-know-what. What shall we do, Sakaki-san...?
Yumiko: ...Sounds reasonable. Let's bring in the principal as well...
Amane: Aah... you-know-what, eh... Well, fair enough...
Yuuji: ...What are you people talking about? I have no idea what this "you-know-what" is. Mind explaining?
Amane: You're a guy, so you don't need to get it. C'mon, you're done eating lunch, right? Let's go prep for afternoon class or something.
Yuuji: We've got electives this afternoon. I don't have a class next period.
Amane: In that case, I'm gonna go shopping for dinner ingredients! Wanna tag along? You will, yes!?
Yuuji: I don't mind, I guess...
Amane: Nice! Great! Let's go, okay!? Get a move on!
Yuuji: Uh, look... I said I'm coming. Don't yank on my arm.
Amane: Okay then! I'm gonna go shopping with Yuuji! I'll leave you guys to it, okay!?
Makina: Aye! Laters, you two～♪
Everyone: ............
Narration: *―Something's going on here.*
Narration: *I'm pretty damn thickheaded when it comes to the ways of women, but even I can gather that much.*
Narration: *In the male world, there's an unfortunate tendency to make important decisions in smoke-filled back rooms rather than at the conference table. Women no doubt have their own private spaces and procedures for secret talk.*
Narration: *This is nothing but a guess on my part, but it seems entirely likely that our classmates are currently holding some sort of trial-like ceremony to debate my relationship with Amane.*
Narration: *I'm willing to bet that Amane's fully aware of the specific nature of this ritual, and that she's going to be the main topic of discussion today.*
Narration: *Since she's nonetheless discreetly exited the scene, instead of remaining behind to plead her case, it's likely that she's somewhat confident about a positive result. On the other hand―*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Amane. Tell me something. What do you plan to do if they decide to oppose our relationship?
Amane: Hmm? Aah... good question. What should we do?
Yuuji: You haven't even thought about the possibility?
Amane: Not like I can do anything about it either way. What will be will be. How about you, then? Have you thought this through? Ooh, I know. If everyone objects, how about running away with me?
Yuuji: Eloping, huh... Sounds like a pain in the ass.
Amane: Huhhhh? Talk about cold. And here I am, prepared to run to the ends of the earth as long as you're with me...
Yuuji: All well and good if it's a problem that can be solved by time and distance, but retreat blindly and you may end up backing yourself into a corner. In most cases, I'd rather stand and fight...
Amane: ...Stand... and fight...?
Yuuji: Well, not exactly. I'd probably pretend to flee in order to lure our enemies into open pursuit, then crush them one by one...
Yuuji: Since I'd be bearing the added responsibility of protecting someone ― in this case, that'd be you ― that strategy is probably more sound.
Amane: ............
Yuuji: Hm? What's wrong?
Amane: ...If that day comes, I'll fight too... I don't want to be the only one who sits around being protected...
Yuuji: Why are you getting all serious? We're just talking about our classmates' opinions of our relationship here. If anyone objects, all we need to do is talk it over and persuade them one by one.
Amane: Aha, y-yeah, you're right! What am I even talking about? Ahahaha...
Yuuji: ...?
Amane: Anyway, Yuuji, I'm a little impressed you even knew they were going to talk about us after we left.
Yuuji: It was pretty clear from the way they were acting. You dragging me out of there forcibly for no real reason was also something of a hint.
Amane: I won't deny I kind of dragged you into this, but I really was planning to ask you to tag along on my shopping trip today.
Yuuji: Well, if you need help carrying groceries, I'm always available...
Amane: Actually, I had something else in mind today. We are mainly out here to get ingredients for dinner, but I was thinking about buying some underwear while we're at it.
Yuuji: ...Hoh... for some reason, I'm getting a bad feeling about this.
Amane: Hey, Yuuji, what kind of underwear do you like? Let's pick some out together!
Yuuji: ...I guess I don't particularly mind... but I think you buying that stuff secretly would make it more enjoyable when the time comes to show it off.
Amane: Whoa! Good point! Now that you mention it, maybe that would be the better way to do this... 
Yuuji: I'll wait for you outside the shop. Just pick out some that you think I'd like.
Amane: Right, but like I said, what are your preferences?
Yuuji: ...My preferences...? Hard question... I mean, when you get down to it, it's a piece of cloth I tend to rip right off...
Amane: Okay then, how about just giving me the general idea? Cute or sexy. Which sounds better?
Yuuji: Hrm... let's see... Given your personality and figure, sexy underwear would probably be more appropriate. But then again, a simple, cute set would make a great contrast for the exact same reason.
Amane: Hmm, you think? Now I'm really stuck...
Amane: Incidentally, which type does JB wear?
Yuuji: Let's see, JB... I guess she prefers cute underwear in general, but she's not the most attentive to that stuff. On off days, the top doesn't even match the bottom.
Amane: ...Hmmmmm... that a fact... Verrrry interesting...
Yuuji: Owch... Hey, what the hell? Don't pinch me...
Amane: ...Why do you know about her underwear, exactly? And down to pretty precise details, too... Mind explaining yourself?
Yuuji: Come on. We did live together for a good year, you know?
Amane: ...Hmmmm... first I've heard about that, actually. Why haven't you mentioned this before?
Yuuji: What? I told you before that I leeched off JB for a while before coming here.
Amane: As I recall, you also said flat-out that she wasn't your girlfriend. So why exactly do you know so much about her underwear?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... well, a perfectly reasonable question. Let's clear up your doubts once and for all.
Amane: ...Huh? What are you gonna do...?
Yuuji: Call JB.
Amane: Whaaa!? Hey...!!
Narration: *I take out my private-use cell phone from my pocket and enter JB's number, then press the Call button without a moment's hesitation.*
Yuuji: ...Whatever I say will probably sound like a lie. Might as well get the truth of the matter from the horse's mouth.
Amane: Uhm... ah... well, I guess you're right, but... this is really coming out of nowhere... Seriouslyyy...? 
Yuuji: ...It's me.
JB: What do you want...?
Yuuji: What's wrong? You seem a bit cranky.
JB: Of course I do. You never call except when you feel like giving me some new headache... Hurry up and tell me what you need...
Yuuji: Yeah... here's the thing. I recently decided to go out with Amane. We're going to have to break up, JB.
JB: Excuse me!? Break what up, exactly!? Since when was I in a relationship with you!? What are you even talking about!?
Yuuji: ...Hear that, Amane?
Amane: Ah, y-yeah...
JB: What? Is Amane-chan there?
Yuuji: Yes. She didn't take too well to learning that I've washed your panties. Would have been a hassle to deal with unfounded jealousy, so I decided to get in touch.
JB: Hey!! When did I ever have you wash my underwear!?　
Yuuji: Please. Too many times to count...
JB: Well... uhm... when I was really swamped at work, maybe? Every once in a great while. That might have happened once or twice, I guess.
Yuuji: Do you seriously not remember? You completely gave up on doing your own laundry within two weeks of me moving in.
JB: Shut UP, you!! Is this what you called me to discuss!?
Yuuji: No. Sorry to report after the fact, but I really am going out with Amane now. Since you're technically my guardian, I thought I should let you know.
JB: What? Going out... Are you telling me you're in a serious relationship with Amane-chan?
Yuuji: Yes, that I am.
JB: But you're... uhm... look, do you fully understand your position here?
Yuuji: ...I do. That's why I went out of my way to formally report this to you.
JB: ...Give Amane-chan the phone.
Yuuji: Very well.
Amane: ...Huh? Me...?
Yuuji: Seems JB has something to discuss with you.
Amane: O-Okay... Uhm... hello...? This is Amane...
JB: Ah, Amane-chan? Goodness, it seems you've made a rather rash decision... You confessed to Yuuji, I assume?
Amane: Huh? Uh, yeah... but how did you know I was the one who...
JB: Because a person in Yuuji's situation can't very well go looking to start a relationship.
Amane: ...What do you mean...?
JB: That's rather complicated, I'm afraid... Well, to put it simply, you could say he's currently in something of a probationary period, in which he's expected to contribute to the public good...
JB: Anyway, he's in a position where even dating a girl requires some formalities. Do you understand?
Amane: ...No... not at all.
JB: That's fine. If you want a long-term relationship with Yuuji, it'd be best not to pry too much about these things anyway. Okay?
Amane: Ah... yeah...
JB: But seriously... *Siiigh*... It came to this after all... 
Amane: Uhm... "after all"...?
JB: I had a feeling things might turn out this way from the first time I met you... You've got big breasts and all...
Amane: ...Uhh...
JB: Seems like 902... er, Yuuji... has an incurable fondness for busty women...
Amane: Is that really true...? I don't know if I really got that impression... I mean, I'm pretty sure he's referred to my "chest flab" and "breast-blubber," you know...?
JB: Yes, because the boy's a tsundere. His first response to anything and everything is to turn up his nose and feign indifference. Simple as that.
Amane: Aah... yeah...
JB: Hm? Ah, right. This isn't what you wanted to hear about, was it? Sorry, my bad...
JB: Uhm, my relationship with Yuuji... Hmmm... it's not easy to explain, but you have my word that it's nothing like what you're worried about. Please rest assured.
Amane: Uhm... could you be more...
JB: We're not connected romantically, and we're not in a quid-pro-quo sexual relationship. I'm his guardian and nothing more...
JB: And since we're no longer even living together at this point, I'm really just his guarantor and supervisor in the "workplace"... That's the extent of our relationship.
Amane: ...Okay...
JB: Are you convinced now?
Amane: Well, more or less...
JB: He spends all his time reading books, so he may look knowledgeable, but he's surprisingly lacking in common sense. He may come off as adaptable, but he's often stupidly stubborn―
JB: And he may seem quite experienced with girls, but he doesn't have a clue about the things that matter most to a woman... Overall, I think it'll be quite a difficult relationship, but please do treat him well.
Amane: Aheah! A-Absolutely...
JB: ..."Aheah?"
Amane: I'm sorry... I was trying to say "Ah, yeah" and kind of bit my tongue...
JB: Ahahaha, you're too cute, Amane-chan.♪ Could you pass the phone back to Yuuji?
Amane: Ah, sure... Yuuji.
Yuuji: Hm? Done already?
Amane: Yeah. Thanks...
Yuuji: ...It's me.
JB: ...I think you're aware, but... you're not to discuss "work" with her... 
Yuuji: Right. Don't worry.
JB: Also...
Yuuji: What?
JB: .........
Yuuji: You can give it to me straight, whatever it is.
JB: ...No, forget it... Take good care of Amane-chan.
Yuuji: Yeah, that's the plan.
JB: All right, that's everything from my end.
Yuuji: I don't have anything else to report either. I'm ending the call...
Yuuji: ...All right. Do you understand now that my relationship with JB isn't anything you need to be worried about?
Amane: ...Mmmm... well... I can't say I feel completely convinced, but... I guess so, more or less...
Yuuji: If that wasn't enough, I guess the only remaining step would be for us to have passionate sex before JB's eyes...
Amane: No, that's definitely a little much...
Yuuji: When you can't get the message across with words, demonstrate it through action. That's a rule of mine.
Amane: ...Is this guy seriously cool or just an utter idiot...? I'm leaning toward idiot...
Yuuji: You say something?
Amane: No, it's nothing. Anyway, I don't really get the details, but there's officially no problem with me being your girlfriend, right?
Yuuji: No problem whatsoever.
Amane: Then it's fine. That's good enough for me. I'll buy my underwear by myself another time, so how about you tag along on my grocery trip?
Yuuji: Very well...
Narration: *She looks cool and composed, but she's got quite the jealous streak.*
Narration: *She seems to be tolerant and forgiving, but she nags about the smallest things.*
Narration: *In those respects, I can't help but think Suou Amane actually somewhat resembles JB. But even I'm not stupid enough to compare the girl to another woman just as she's finally gotten into a good mood.*
Narration: *I silently follow Amane's plump ass and accompany her on the grocery trip.*
Narration: *―Having finished our shopping and returned to the dorm, Amane and I find our classmates lying in heaps on the lobby furniture, limp as corpses.*
Amane: ...Huh? Whoah. What's wrong, everyone? You all look kind of exhausted...
Yumiko: ...Well, there was quite a vigorous exchange of opinions. Our debate was rather more heated than anticipated...
Amane: Ah, really? So? Did you reach a verdict?
Yumiko: We reached something like a conclusion, yes...
Amane: ...I see...
Amane: Ah, Yuuji, thanks for helping me with the shopping. Would you mind putting the stuff away in the fridge for me?
Yuuji: Got it. This discussion isn't for male ears, right?
Amane: Sorry. That's kind of the rule.
Yuuji: I don't mind. If it's a rule, I'll follow it.
Amane: I'll come by your room later, okay?
Yuuji: Fine.
Narration: *I take all the shopping bags in my hands, swing open the door to my room, and leave Amane alone with the others.*
Amane: And? What was the result?
Makina: Mmm... we ended up with two in favor, one opposed, an' two abs-ten-shuns...
Amane: ...That's kind of vague. What's with the abstentions?
Yumiko: Principal Tachibana and I decided not to express an opinion on the matter...
Yumiko: Well, perhaps an abstention sounds rather negative, but I have no objections to your relationship. I'm just not going to actively approve of it.
Yumiko: Essentially, the only opinion that matters here is that of the two individuals concerned. Given your mutual consent, there's no problem. I'm simply trying to indicate that I won't be held responsible for the consequences...
Yumiko: I believe the principal's thoughts are roughly the same. She has no objection to your relationship, but as an educator, actively endorsing it would be problematic. She is responsible for maintaining decorum and discipline, after all...
Makina: Well, me an' Sacchin voted in favor. But we got conditions attached!
Amane: Conditions...?
Makina: I'll letcha take the position of girlfriend, Ama-nee, but there's no way I'm givin' up my title as little sister too!
Makina: Irisu Makina demands the followin' concession of th' Allied Forces: free and unrestricted access to th' territory known as "Onii-chan's lap!"
Amane: ...His lap?
Makina: Ya gotta let me sit on his legs and flirt around a little, at least! I'm not gonna back down on this one!
Makina: If ya won't accept this demand, I, Irisu Makina, will resolutely oppose yer relationship! If we hafta battle to the last man on the mainland, so be it! I'll fight ya on the beaches! I'll fight ya on the fields!
Amane: ...The last man...? Makina, it seems like you've been picking up nothing but the weirder parts of Yuuji's personality lately.
Makina: Let's hear your response!
Amane: Aah... well... I guess I'm okay with that. A little laptime is hardly a big deal.
Makina: Eggs-cellent! Mmkay then, your signature on this "Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security regarding the Territory of Onii-chan's Lap," if ya please!
Amane: ...Uh, you actually took the time to print this ridiculous thing...?
Makina: What're you callin' ridiculous!? These things have got ta be properly documented, or it'll inevitably come to conflict later!
Amane: ...Forget that... What's with this Supplementary Clause 4, "You can't get mad if we take a bath together!" in the fine print...?
Makina: ...Uuu... pwease?
Amane: Hmmm... well, let's see... Can you promise not to sneak in the bath without telling me?
Makina: Yeah! I promise!
Amane: Okay then, we'll just add a requirement for an application submitted in advance...
Makina: Schaweet! Mmkay, I'm good!
Sachi: ...So it's my turn now, I assume?
Amane: Whaaat...? Do you have some "demand" too, Sacchan...?
Sachi: Yes. That said, it's an exceptionally minor request... First, please review this...
Amane: Hm? What now? Another security treaty?
Sachi: No. If anything, we're allocating sovereignty over a disputed region...
Amane: ...Sovereignty?
Sachi: Yes. I'd like to secure your formal permission for Kazami-san to continue his regular contact with me, despite his new obligations toward you...
Amane: Contact...? What are you talking about, specifically?
Sachi: As I believe you may be aware, Kazami-san has of late made a daily habit of patting me on the head with a few words of thanks for my efforts...
Sachi: To rephrase the matter, his hand has committed routine acts of aggression upon my cranium.
Sachi: It's rather embarrassing to admit, but recently I've grown rather accustomed to these invasions of Kazami-san's. No, I would go so far as to say they've become the provisions that enable me to devote myself to my labors.
Sachi: If that psychological infrastructure were to be suddenly taken from me, I don't know what I would rely on as moral support for my struggles from now on...
Sachi: Therefore, as compensation for Kazami-san's frequent and unprovoked raids, I request that his hand assume ongoing governance of the affected region...
Amane: You kind of spit out a lot of big words at me just now, but... basically, you're just asking me not to get mad if Yuuji pats you on the head?
Sachi: Precisely.
Amane: I wouldn't get mad over something like that in the first place. I don't think it'll be a problem at all.
Sachi: I'm quite relieved to hear it. Well then, just for safety's sake, if you'd kindly mark this document with your blood...
Amane: A blood contract!? Scary! Look, I'll bring my stamp later, so give me a break here...
Sachi: Very well. With that settled, I'm fully prepared to promise my total support of your relationship... Please be happy together...  
Amane: Ahahahaha... thanks...
Amane: ...Which would mean the one opposing vote would be you, I guess...?
Michiru: ............
Amane: Could you tell me why you voted that way?
Michiru: ...It's that guy... I don't get him at all...
Amane: Hm? What don't you get?
Michiru: ...Come on... he said he was in America, but we have no idea what he was doing there... Plus, he's got something going on with that weird blond woman, right? There's something fishy about him...
Amane: True enough... But, I mean, it's not like I've come out and told you guys everything about myself, either... Yuuji wouldn't be in a school like this if he was a normal guy, you know?
Michiru: I do... understand that...
Amane: Are you saying people with issues shouldn't fall in love?
Michiru: I didn't say that! That's not what I mean! I just think maybe you should slow down, that's all! Be a little more careful about something as important as this! 
Michiru: You don't know anything about him yet, you know!?
Amane: Yeah. But, the thing is, I think I'm okay with that...
Amane: I actually had a little talk with Yuuji while we were shopping today, and I thought some of this stuff over. In the end, I think I can accept things the way they are...
Amane: Maybe it's shallow, emotional thinking. Maybe I'm just choosing the path that makes me feel a little better about myself... but even so, I've decided. I want to live for Yuuji's sake...
Michiru: ...Why would you go that far...?
Amane: Hmm... I probably can't explain it that well, but... we all followed pretty difficult paths to this place, and I don't think Yuuji's any exception. I'm sure he's been through a lot of sadness and pain, you know?
Amane: ...I just want to do what I can for him. That's all...
Michiru: That's not love, you know... It's pity...
Amane: You might be right. Still, somehow it feels like this is what I need to do... Like I can save myself by saving him...
Amane: So, I'm sorry. I guess... it's just me being selfish, when you get right down to it.
Michiru: ............
Amane: Michiru?
Michiru: Ah! That a fact!? Fine! I don't even care anymore! Have fun slaving away as his servant girl for the rest of his life, why don't you!?
Michiru: But just for your information! If he turns out to be an IRA terrorist, or a Mossad agent, or some Nakano School spy, and you end up going through hell, I'm not gonna shed a single tear for you!!

Amane: He... Michiru! Were y... bahahaha!! Were you seriously worried about that, of all things!?
Michiru: Aaarrrgh!! Even you're laughing at me now!?! Fine, whatever! I'm just an idiot! Make fun of me all you want!!
Michiru: You're the one who's going to be crying in the end!! Jerk!!
Amane: ...Ah! Hey, wait! Michiru!?
Michiru: Not listening! Lalala! You just do whatever the heck you want, jerk! Big fat stupid jerk!!
Makina: Ah! Hold on, Chiruchiru! Where do ya think you're goin'!?
Michiru: What do you care!? Don't follow me!
Makina: C'mon, don't be mad. I'll let ya sit on Onii-chan's lap, okay?
Michiru: Ah! Uh! Wh-! That's...! Shaddup!! I don't need your pity!!
Makina: ...Ya kinda hesitated for a second there, though.
Michiru: No I didn't! Leave me alooone!!!
Makina: ...Are you cryin', punk?
Michiru: Shaaadduuuuuuupp!! Don't call me "punk," punk!!!
Amane: Aah, geez... Did I make her angry?
Sachi: ...She may insist otherwise, but I believe Michiru-sama is genuinely worried about you, Amane-san.
Amane: Yeah... that did get across somehow...
Sachi: Please leave her to me. With a little coaxing, I'm quite sure she'll be in a better mood by tomorrow.
Amane: Sorry to make trouble for you...
Sachi: Not at all. I'm doing this on my own initiative...
Sachi: ...Well then, please excuse me for now.
Sachi: Michiru-samaaa... please wait for meeee...
Amane: ...But seriously, a terrorist? Or was it a spy...? Sheesh...
Yumiko: ...Matsushima-san may be an idiot, but she does have some surprising flashes of insight once in a while. Can't underestimate the girl...
Amane: ...Huh? Sakaki-san... do you know something about Yuuji's job?
Yumiko: I have a rough idea, I suppose... I know enough from my investigations to speculate, at least...
Yumiko: ...What about you, Suou-san? Have you heard something on that topic from Kazami-kun?
Amane: Nope... not a thing... I did talk with JB-san over the phone just now, but she told me "not to pry" about that stuff...
Yumiko: I see... Yes, that would probably be for the best. No reason to ask questions when you don't want to know the answer...
Amane: Mm, I guess so... I'll do that...
Yumiko: Aren't you interested?
Amane: Well, yes, of course I am. But I get the idea it's not something I should ask him about just because I'm curious.
Yumiko: ...True enough.
Amane: Then I won't ask. Sometimes ignorance is bliss, right...?
Yumiko: ...But still, Kazami Yuuji certainly is a mysterious person... in many ways...
Amane: Not a problem. Those mysteries are part of what makes Yuuji who he is. I'll accept them with the rest...
Yumiko: You're a rather puzzling individual yourself. I can't decide whether you're strong-willed or an utter coward...
Amane: ...You sure don't hold back, do you... Did you look into my past as well?
Yumiko: ...Who knows? Another mystery for the pile...
Amane: You're a pretty nasty person, you know that?
Yumiko: ...I get that a lot. Well then, I'll be returning to my room now...
Amane: ............
Amane: ...You don't need to rub it in my face. I'm well aware...
Amane: ...It'll be all right... This time, I'll be strong...
Date: *July 19, 2011, 05:00*
Narration: *―Seems that my relationship with Amane was ultimately approved by a majority vote of our peers.*
Narration: *I guess we're now entitled to print "officially authorized couple" on our business cards or whatever, but apparently this victory came at something of a price.*
Narration: *Soon after the announcement, Makina was pointlessly jumping into my lap. And Sachi kept slowly wandering around sweeping the floor in front of me, shooting glances in my direction and twitching her head strangely.*
Narration: *As far as that goes, though... it seems clear enough they've made some backroom bargain with Amane in exchange for their approval.*
Narration: *The one I really don't understand is Michiru.*
Narration: *I have no idea how she got the idea into her head, but she keeps sidling up to me, whispering "KGB" or "CIA" or "FSB," then glaring at me as if hoping for some kind of reaction.*
Narration: *Seems the girl's gotten curious about my "true colors" for some reason, but she's essentially just shouting random acronyms that she barely even seems to understand, then shaking her head in disappointment at my bemused expression.*
Narration: *Of course, at one point she blurted "Nakano! Is it Nakano!?" in my ear, which really isn't too far off. Gave me a bit of a start...*
Narration: *Moral of the story being, you've got to watch your step around that pseudo-tsundere. She may be an idiot, but she's got intuition.*
Amane: ...Huh? Yuuji, you're up already?
Yuuji: Yeah, I was just about to go running. You need something?
Amane: No, nothing in particular. Was just thinking I'd try waking you up, I guess.
Yuuji: What? Why?
Amane: Come on, it's a classic, right? The big sis character who kicks the sleepyhead guy out of bed with a cheery "It's morning!" or whatever. Just wanted to give that a little try, you know?
Yuuji: Aah... sorry to disappoint, but I'm not what you would call a "sleepyhead." I wake up every morning at the same time, like clockwork.
Amane: Tch... Man, that stinks...
Yuuji: Yeah, guess it does. In any case, I'm going to head out now.
Amane: ...Huh? Hey! No wahay!
Yuuji: What the hell is a "wahay?" I'm completely serious. It's time for my running.
Amane: No no no, that's not what I'm talking about, okay? C'mon, c'mon! I'm your girlfriend, right? Your girlfriend!
Yuuji: ...Why are you repeating yourself? Am I missing something important here?
Amane: Yes, something very important indeed! Listen up, okay? Your girlfriend, namely me, is saying "What a shame, I really wanted to do the wakeup from big sis thing," you know?
Amane: Okay, so normally, there'd be a follow up at this point! "Got it, then why don't I sleep in a bit tomorrow," or something? Maybe? A little tip for your hard-working girlfriend, you know?
Amane: Something roughly along those lines seems appropriate, right? Is that happening or what!?
Yuuji: ...Not at present...
Amane: ...Well, is it going to be happening in the near future?
Yuuji: Let me think about that one. Bye...!
Amane: Hold it!!
Yuuji: Unhand me, woman. You're going to stretch my running suit...
Amane: ...Grr...
Yuuji: Hmm. You seem to be rather displeased about something...
Amane: Yes indeed. As you have astutely noted, I am somewhat unhappy at present.
Yuuji: Amane, here's an interesting fact you may not be aware of. When comparing rats raised in luxury and rats exposed to moderate stress and frustration, the group with the lower rate of cancer occurrence was actually...
Amane: I'm not a stupid rodent...
Yuuji: ...No, I suppose not.
Amane: And... I'm trying really hard. Haven't I earned the right to be a little bit selfish once in a while...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, true enough. You do work hard, Amane...
Amane: I know, right? So, here I am, working really hard. And all I get is "Nope, no reward for you. I'm going running!" How am I supposed to take that, huh? Should I just break down in tears on the spot?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... I entirely understand your point. Very well. We'll do it tomorrow.
Amane: ...Tomorrow?
Yuuji: That's right, tomorrow.
Narration: *"Yes, yes. Tomorrow" - a favorite phrase employed by harried mothers at the candy aisle of the supermarket.*
Narration: *That said, those who do so with the thought "We're dealing with a child here, they'll probably have forgotten about it by tomorrow..." are incompetent parents at best.*
Narration: *Of course, those who conclude instead "They're just asking for a 100-yen cake, might as well buy it now to shut them up..." are outright failures.*
Narration: *The truly first-class long-term mothering strategists deliberately make use of their child's minor demand, instituting this one-day waiting period in order to teach them "patience."*
Narration: *One day of patience; after that, it'll be yours so long as you still want it. It may be a cheap 100-yen candy bar, but it's not going to drop into your hand just because you beg for it. That's a very meaningful lesson.*
Narration: *If you buy the sweet right away in an exasperated attempt to stop your kid from whining, you're just giving them the impression that "whining gets me whatever I want"―*
Narration: *And as a consequence, that child's temper tantrums will slowly but surely escalate to demands for more expensive items, on the theory that "it's worth a shot."*
Narration: *"Yes, yes. Tomorrow."*
Narration: *The words may seem casual, but there's a valuable truth embedded within them, one that's applicable to almost everything in life. Those who internalize that lesson are slightly better for it.*
Yuuji: Tomorrow morning, you can come wake me up sometime before 5 AM.
Narration: *If I were to immediately fulfill Amane's request, there's no doubt she'd soon be pushing more troublesome demands on me. This should be a reasonable point of compromise.*
Amane: ...Putting it off a day, huh...
Yuuji: That's right. I'm not going back to bed today. But tomorrow, even if I do wake up I'll lay there pretending until you arrive... What do you say?
Amane: Mm, gotcha. Tomorrow it will be. That's a promise, all right?
Yuuji: Yeah, fine by me...
Narration: *After receiving my approval, Amane leaves the room, humming happily.*
Narration: *"Tomorrow it will be."*
Narration: *...What exceptionally optimistic words. As if there's no doubt tomorrow will come.*
Narration: *I see... Under these circumstances, it's reasonably safe to make that assumption. It's easy to forget at times, but the "normal" world is a truly wonderful place.*
Date: *July 19, 2011, 14:32 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *―The next day, I selected "Sculpture" for my afternoon elective class.*
Narration: *In other words, it's a lesson in constructing three-dimensional works of fine art by cutting, gluing, whittling, and shaping a wide variety of raw materials.*
Narration: *To be honest, I don't have any special interest in this particular form of artistic expression.*
Narration: *But there weren't any other lessons that strongly appealed to me today, and as I was ruminating over my decision, Makina urged me to join her for her favorite class. So here I am.*
Narration: *The instructor is Professor Matsuyama Minoru from a Fine Arts University in Fukuoka, an accomplished 72-year old artist. Makina, who for some reason gets along very well with the elderly, tells me she always looks forward to his class.*
Narration: *Today, our material is stone clay; we haven't been given any particular theme. Our only direction was "Make whatever you feel like," exactly the sort of vague request where your artistic sensibilities are paramount.*
Narration: *The participants are myself and Makina as well as Sachi and Michiru, for a total of four. As the good-natured old Professor offers us free-wheeling words of advice in a gentle tone of voice, we knead the clay as our whims direct us.*
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *With a solemn grunt, I stroke my chin with fingers dyed white from clay dust. I chose "the animal kingdom" as my general theme, specifically deciding to convey the lively motion of a galloping steed, but―*
Narration: *The horse that emerges from my lump of clay is a clumsy, unattractive thing, conveying nothing but awkward, lifeless artificiality.*
Matsuyama: ...Kazami-kun, are you familiar with animation?
Yuuji: Animation, sir...?
Narration: *As I'm addressing a senior educator rich in experience and accomplishment, I consciously keep my tone somewhat formal.*
Matsuyama: That's right. As in a flip-book. You know, the little sequences students like to doodle in the corner of their textbooks. Ever given it a try?
Yuuji: ...Uh, I'm afraid such things weren't a major component of my personal experience as a student, Professor...
Narration: *According to Mr. Matsuyama, "to convey a sense of motion, you have to think two frames back in the sequence"―*
Narration: *If you work while picturing the somewhat unstable position two frames before the pose you're attempting to depict, apparently the work will turn out much more "dynamic."*
Narration: *Although I unfortunately grew up without much in the way of exposure to flipbooks, I eventually hit on an appropriate temporal analogue: the beat between pulling the trigger and impact of your bullet on a 400 meter shooting range―*
Narration: *And when I consciously consider "the moment before" while reshaping my sculpture, the result is unrecognizably lively. It's still not technically skillful work, but there's a definite sense of motion.*
Narration: *Fifty years of devotion to a single branch of the fine arts...*
Narration: *Mr. Matsuyama likes to belittle himself: "Cut it out with the Professor stuff. I'm worthless at anything but sculpture." But no matter how limited the breadth of his expertise, that brief glimpse of its depth genuinely impressed me.*
Makina: Awwwright!! It's corm-pleete!!
Narration: *For some time, everyone had been silently and intently focusing on their work. In an apparent attempt to induce a group heart attack, Makina's wild shriek shatters the calm.*
Michiru: Hey! You're really noisy, you know that!? Can you just keep quiet for once in your life!?
Makina: Hwoh? Sorry 'bout that...
Narration: *As a typical squabble breaks out, Professor Matsuyama stands gingerly from his chair. Walking toward the group, he gazes at Makina's sculpture with the peaceful eyes of a man affectionately admiring the work of his grandchild.*
Matsuyama: ...Hmmmm. You really do like Sakaki-kun, don't you?
Makina: Hehehe! When it comes ta makin' statues of Yumi-chan I'm prob'ly the best in Japan, if I do say so myself!
Makina: Check it out. Today's theme is "Kuudere!" Look at it from th' front, and it's th' normal cranky Yumi-chan!
Makina: But guess what? If ya take a peek from above and to th' side, her eyelashes are droopin' in a melancholy, emotional "dere" face!!
Makina: I name it "The Kuudere of Fortune, Sakaki Yumiko!" Asking price, 1980 yen!!
Michiru: Yumiko's friggin' cheap!! Insultingly so!!
Sachi: To be certain, that seems somewhat on the low side based on the artistic merits alone...
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *It's certainly pragmatic to slap a price tag on your art, but from what I hear, Makina once put up a Sakaki-themed wood carving of hers entitled "Greenhouse Flower" for auction as a joke―*
Narration: *And it seems the winning bid was a full 78,000 yen... for a piece of art created by a mere student, a price you could comfortably describe as "extraordinary."*
Sachi: And for those who are familiar with Maki-chan herself, I think the sheer element of surprise has some value in its own right...
Yuuji: The element of surprise, eh...
Narration: *True enough, many of Makina's sculptures possess a subtle, refined grace you'd never for a minute expect someone with her demented personality to be capable of producing―*
Narration: *And on the opposite extreme, others demonstrate such bold, forceful energy that it's hard to believe they're the work of such a childish, small-statured girl. For example...*
Narration: *Makina's maiden work, a pumice statue named "Sakaki Yumiko Rising" completed soon after her arrival at Mihama Academy, is still stowed away in our art warehouse, available for viewing at any time―*
Narration: *And it's a genuinely overpowering sculpture, a fiercely wrought work that conveys an inner fire of determination burning inside its subject.*
Yuuji: Well, your art criticism seems pretty respectable, but what are you making, Sachi...?
Sachi: Ah, yes. I chose the noble shark as my subject, naturally.
Michiru: Again with the sharks? You really love those things, don't you? What's so great about them, anyway?
Sachi: ...It's rather difficult to reduce the shark to a few bullet points, but... I suppose you could say I'm awestruck by their divinely functional beauty... their utterly streamlined design as the ultimate hunter of the sea...
Sachi: There's elegance in such focused engineering, where every component of the whole holds distinct meaning... I find that perfection quite appealing...
Sachi: Kazami-san, I see you chose a horse in motion. Are you attempting to evoke the potential for freedom commonly associated with the trusty steed, perhaps...?
Yuuji: Mm... well...
Narration: *Good question, actually... Why did I pick a horse...? *
Narration: *Probably the result of an unconscious thought: "If I'm going to make a statue, it might as well be something with some dignity."*
Narration: *From time immemorial, the horse has been regarded as a noble beast.*
Narration: *It's said that back in the days when a soldier received 15 thousandths of a yen when pressed into military service, the army compensated a full 1000 yen for every horse commandeered.*
Narration: *The lives of men were as valuable as scraps of paper; even a broken down old nag was worth a thousand yen. I've thought about that, sometimes. Guess I've impressed the idea that horses are big earners on my subconscious.*
Yuuji: ...A horse is worth something... has some nobility. I don't have any other reason...
Narration: *The worlds feel outright pathetic coming out of my mouth. Something like self-pity wells up inside me. Searching for a change of topic, my eyes find a suitable distraction in Michiru's sculpture.*
Yuuji: So, Michiru... uh, how about you...? Er, wait. What is this thing even supposed to be...?
Narration: *I directed my attention to her sculpture like a man lunging for a life preserver, only to find that I'm clinging to a bizarre, avant-garde object of bewildering visual impact. I'm at a loss for words.*
Michiru: ...A dog...
Makina: ...Ah! I got it! It's supposed ta be a clay renderin' of them novelty rice crackers they sell ta tourists in Iwate, right!? Evokin' the squat lump of rock where the devil left his legendary handprint! I see a definite resem-bull-ence!
Sachi: That's not it, Maki-chan. Look, it has limbs and a tail, doesn't it? I know... It's supposed to suggest those stuffed tigers Yakuza use as rugs, isn't it, Michiru-sama?
Yuuji: ...No, it's a pufferfish, isn't it? I think I saw something like this in an aquarium once...
Makina: So what's a pufferfish doin' with arms an' legs?
Yuuji: Can't say for sure, but maybe it's something like that Tunafish Man character...? 
Sachi: Ah... in other words...
Sachi: Pufferfish Man!?
Michiru: Garrgh!! Why would I make stupid crap like that!? Don't turn my sculpture into some bogus character you pulled out of your behind!!
Yuuji: ...Hrm... no, maybe it's shaped more like a flounder...? Yeah, the head's on the left edge of the body, not the center. It must be Flatfish Man. Right, Michiru?
Michiru: I'm telling you it's a dog, dammit! Listen to people when they talk to you!
Makina: ............
Sachi: ...Dog Man...?
Michiru: There's no "man" involved! It's just a normal dog, not some monster hybrid!!
Yuuji: I see, a dog... Wait, a dog? Hmmm... well, you made the thing, so I guess I'll have to take your word for it... Now that I know that, it does almost look like one... sort of... not really. Why's that?
Michiru: Don't ask me!! You people must be blind! It's completely totally obviously a dog from any angle!! Pure dog!
Makina: Chiruchiru, ya got some issues with spatial reasonin', it would seem.
Sachi: Michiru-sama, I knew it was a dog from the very start. See, bow wow...
Michiru: I seem to remember you saying something about a "Yakuza rug," actually! And don't yank the head around to make it "bark!" You're gonna pull it off!!
Sachi: ...Ah...
Michiru: I TOLD you so!!!
Sachi: Ah... uhm, it's fine. We can just stick it back on like so... There we are!
Michiru: Hey!! That's the butt!! Why are you sticking his face on his butt!?
Makina: Not ta worry! If we wrench off th' tail like... so! Then stick it plop onto the head...! See!? All better!
Michiru: Gyaaaaaaa!! Wha-! Aaaaarrrgh!! My poor dog! It's getting more bizarre by the second!!!
Yuuji: ...What a fearful sight... Right now, before my very eyes, a hellbeast never before known to man has taken shape...
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji!! Why aren't you stopping these two!?
Yuuji: ...Hm? Why would I?
Michiru: Don't give me that!! Amane's not here, right!? Doesn't that make it your job to stop their rampage!?　
Yuuji: ...Hrm... this may be somewhat cowardly of me, but I only have one answer...
Michiru: What!?
Yuuji: Your request lies outside my area of expertise.
Michiru: Hellllp meeeeeee! Amaneeeee-Maaaaaan!!
Narration: *People who say they're "worthless" at anything other than their specialty are, as a general rule, perfectly adaptable and competent individuals.*
Narration: *Their false humility has its purpose, though: it allows them to brush aside the dull and troublesome things in life with the convenient phrase "that's not my field."*
Narration: *...As her classmate's bitter cry dissolved vainly in the muggy air, the perfectly oblivious Suou Amane was aimlessly whiling away an afternoon free of academic responsibilities.*
Narration: *Driven to the air-conditioned dorm lounge by the powerful afternoon sun, Sakaki Yumiko rests her chin in her hands listlessly, absorbed in some foreign book (in the original language)―*
Narration: *And by her side, Amane leans forward in a similar position of langorous boredom, thumbing through a magazine.*
Narration: *Apart from the low hum of the air conditioner, the whisper of their pages turning is the only sound.*
Narration: *In the end, this peaceful atmosphere is irreparably shattered by a perfectly casual question.*
Amane: ...Hey, Sakaki-san... ever given a blowjob?
Yumiko: ...That certainly came out of nowhere... Why on earth are you asking me this all of a sudden?
Amane: I dunno, you're a really knowledgeable person and all. I figured I might as well ask...
Yumiko: ...Unfortunately, that's well outside my field of expertise.
Amane: Hm? "That?"
Yumiko: ...Come on, uh... you know... fellatio...
Amane: ...Whoa... I just made Sakaki-san say "fellatio"... Didn't even flinch, either. I'm kinda surprised. Ooh, can you do "cock" next?
Yumiko: Don't be ridiculous!
Amane: Oho! She got mad! Well, I guess that's to be expected!
Yumiko: And you wonder why Irisu-san's developed such a vile sense of humor!? She's picking it up from you! Shouldn't you be a little more careful!?
Amane: Mm? Hmm... well, yeah, I do see your point. But by now, I'm pretty much typecast as the big-tits slut character, you know...? Can't go abandoning my niche this late in the game.
Yumiko: ...Utterly ludicrous... What exactly have you been reading for the last while? I assume it prompted this nonsense.
Amane: Aah, this? It's the handbook of the assertive modern chick, "Tiger Girl" teen fashion magazine. Tits, ass, rippling chests, and sex tips are the main selling points.
Yumiko: ...Pure smut, in other words...
Amane: I'm telling you, it's a fashion magazine... And what the heck, "smut?" At least call it porn or something. You sound like some country grandma.
Yumiko: ...I can't say I particularly care what you call that thing...
Amane: Huh? Not interested? There's a good special feature this month, though. "Eat up the Herbivore Boys!"
Yumiko: ...Not interested...
Amane: You sure? C'mon, take a look at this. "Get those apathetic guys standing at attention! Special course in devilishly delightful blowjobs!" They're devilishly delightful, you know? As delightful as a devil! That's pretty damn delightful!
Amane: Not that I have any idea how delightful a devil is, never having seen one, but it sounds pretty awesome, right!?
Yumiko: I have absolutely no idea how any of this is supposed to be "awesome"...
Amane: Seriously? Well then, why don't I read you a little bit? Uhm, let's see. This one's a submission from a reader, titled "Morning BJs are what every man craves!"
Amane: Ahem... Men get sick of gorgeous women in three days flat surprisingly often. The reason is very simple: those girls don't give good head, if they give it at all!
Amane: It's not a damn lollipop, girl! If you get all embarrassed and end up just licking away half-heartedly until he gets bored, of course he's gonna get fed up with you!
Amane: In the end, men will go for the ugly girl who gives them anything they want, not the beauty who won't lift a finger for them! In other words, give good head and you'll be just fine!! I especially recommend morning BJs!
Amane: No man with a working dick dislikes a good blowjob, you know? Absolutely none, seriously...
Amane: Okay, yeah. I know some of you are thinking "Blowjobs are nasty" right now... but that's proof you're still a kid! Once you become an adult, you'll naturally get a taste for it!
Amane: Heck, I used to hate bell peppers back when I was a kid, and now I can't get enough! It's totally the same thing, you know? These days I'll latch onto a dick and suck so vigorously my face goes into MS-05 Za●● mode!
Yumiko: ...MS-05 ●●ku...?
Amane: ...Hmmm... yeah, I don't quite get that part... This girl thinks her blowjob face looks like a "Za●●," or whatever? Well, not that it matters either way...
Yumiko: If it doesn't matter, then why are you wasting my time with it...?
Amane: Hm? No, no, that's not what I meant. I may not get all the details, but the main lesson is clear enough, you know? Men get bored of pretty girls in three days flat, so you better suck 'em off before then! Am I right?
Yumiko: Well... I found that article rather incoherent myself, but perhaps that was her overall message...
Amane: Therefore, I've reached the following conclusion: I too have no choice but to suck, and possibly blow! Indeed, the sooner the better!
Yumiko: ...Your devotion to your new relationship is all well and good, but... it seems to be carrying you in a rather odd direction...
Amane: Well, it all fits, right!? I'm a beauty, after all!
Yumiko: I won't go so far as to deny it, but that exceptional self-confidence is something of a mystery to me...
Amane: Sakaki-san... I'll suck that sucker like it's never been sucked before!!
Yumiko: I see... You may not want my advice on the matter, but... do try to keep your suction in moderation, yes? I'd hate to see you end up sucking it off entirely.
Amane: ...Can you even do that...?
Yumiko: Who knows? I've never sucked one myself, so I can't comment.
Amane: In any case, I'll suck it good! I'll suck it to pieces! Just watch me!!
Yumiko: ...Uhm... I think "to pieces" is a somewhat dubious goal, in this sce...
Amane: Never mind that! I'm pumped! There's a fire in my belly and a vacuum cleaner in my mouth!!
Yumiko: ...Very well then, it seems there's no stopping you... I wash my hands of this entire affair...
Amane: Yeah! Not to worry, I'll handle this! All right, then. In order to replenish my physical and emotional stamina, I'm going to bed early tonight!!
Yumiko: ...Uhm, it's still late afternoon, you know? Hey... are you even listening to me?
Yumiko: ...Clearly not... Well, not that it particularly matters.
Yumiko: What to do...? That girl's deadly serious... Alarmingly so. I've got ice-cold sweat in my armpits just from listening to her...
Yuuji: Bwa hah hah! I'll carry off the naughty kids!
Makina: Gyahahahahaha! Nooooohoooo! I'm bein' carried off by th' carryin' creep!!
Sachi: Aah, you mustn't, Kazami-san! If you carry around Maki-chan by the head like that, it'll pop right off!
Michiru: Serves her right! If it does pop off, you can just stick it onto her butt, right!?!
Makina: Noooooooo!! I'm gonna end up like Chiruchiru's freaky chimeraaaa!!
Michiru: Chimera yourself! It was a dog! A dog, dammit! You're the ones who made it into a freakin' chimera!! Bumoooo!!!
Yumiko: ...Oh good, the sound and fury have returned...
Makina: Oho? Whassup, Yumi-chan? Why're you by yourself? Where'd Ama-nee go?
Yumiko: Suou-san's already returned to her room. Said she's turning in for the night...
Makina: Haweh? We haven't even had snacks yet, ya know? Is she sick?
Yumiko: Quite possibly so... Although I'm not sure rest will cure what's ailing that girl...
Sachi: Maki-chan, why don't I make the snacks today?
Michiru: Ooh! Can you make those poofy checker-pancakes!? You know, the ones you eat with ice cream and a strawberry on top!
Sachi: ...Poofy pancakes...? Uhm... are you referring to Belgian waffles, perhaps?
Michiru: Yeah! That's the one!
Sachi: Is that all right with you as well, Maki-chan?
Makina: Aye! I like th' sound of that too!! Make sure mine has a big ol' raw-cherry!
Sachi: ............
Sachi: ...Would you be so kind as to repeat that...?
Makina: Make sure mine has a big ol' strawberry!!
Sachi: ...Ah, so that's what you meant after all. Goodness, that gave me a bit of a start... A raw cherry would be quite problematic, wouldn't it?
Michiru: ...How would your cherry get "raw"...? Not to mention the "big ol" part...
Yumiko: I think my IQ has dropped a few points just from listening to this conversation...
Yuuji: Well, better idiotic and cheerful than sullen and depressed, right...?
Yuuji: More importantly, is Amane sick? If she's feeling poorly, I should probably pay her a visit... Unless there are some "feminine problems" involved that would make it a bad idea...?
Yumiko: ..."Feminine problems" have nothing to do with it. The girl's simply seeing the world through bubblegum pink lenses at the moment...
Yuuji: Okay... I don't really get it, but you're telling me I don't need to be concerned?
Yumiko: No, a little concern would be wise. You're being targeted...
Yuuji: ...Targeted...? By who?
Yumiko: Suou-san.
Yuuji: I see...
Yumiko: You see...? Is that your only thought on the matter?
Yuuji: I'm used to being targeted. It's not a problem.
Yumiko: ...*Siiigh*... well, whatever. Have it your way.
Makina: Huhhh? Ain'tcha gonna have some snacks, Yumi-chan?
Yumiko: No. I do appreciate the offer, but I'm slightly tired myself... I'll be returning to my room now, if you don't mind.
Makina: I see, that's a shame. Okay then, I'll give ya this as a partin' gift.
Yumiko: ...What is that...?
Makina: I made it in sculpt-sure class today! The name is "The Kuudere of Fortune Sakaki Yumiko, 1980 Yen!!"
Yumiko: ...Why is the price part of the title...? More importantly, you used me as a model yet again...? I've been wondering this for some time now, but why is it always me?
Makina: ...Huh? I mean, ya got the simplest face an' all...
Yumiko: ...I really shouldn't have asked...
Makina: On that note, I've got a "How to draw Yumi-chan" song. Wanna listen?
Yumiko: No thank you!!
Makina: Hey! What th' heck!? At least listen to it before ya get pissed off!!
Yuuji: ...If you're that insistent, I'll listen to it in her stead...
Makina: Oh yeah? Okay then, get yer pen and paper ready! All set? Here goes.
Makina: Let's all draw～♪ us a big ol' egg～! Now draw a circle～♪ in th' middle of the egg... Uggo!! Draw a circle, Uggo!!
Yumiko: I'm going to kill you now.
Makina: Eeeeek!!!
Yumiko: ...Hold it right there!!
Makina: Waaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *―Amane's up to something. I had a rough idea of that after our negotiation this morning, but it seems she's definitely got something planned for tomorrow.*
Narration: *But if it's just more of her big sister roleplaying, I don't have any objections to going along with it.*
Yumiko: ...Too slow!!
Makina: Noohohoooooooooo!!
Narration: *She may be older than me, but Amane's just as inexperienced in love. Much as she tries to play the slut, she's probably harboring some innocent interest in the usual romantic cliches.*
Narration: *In that case, I'll answer the call. Yes, I have no intent of running away from my obligations in this matter.*
Sachi: Look out!! Oh no... Run away!! You have to run away!!
Makina: Nooooooooooooo!! It's gonna pop offff!!
Yuuji: ...Okay, I can't even think straight! Will you people shut up already!?
Narration: *―I underestimated her.*
Narration: *I should have fled while I still had the chance―*
Narration: *I would know true regret the very next morning.*
Date: *July 20, 2011, 04:30*

Date: *July 21, 2011, 14:20*
Narration: *Two hours after my classmates' supremely vulgar conversation, I returned to the school with Chizuru. Currently, I'm receiving a hospitable cup of coffee in her office.*
Yuuji: ...Did you really even need a bodyguard today?
Principal: Well... in retrospect, I suppose your services didn't prove strictly necessary... but even so, having you as an escort was helpful from a PR perspective, let's say.
Principal: You see, when you're unmarried at my age, people tend to get rather suspicious about why... It's unfortunately common for the interviews to veer away from the stated theme into more personal matters...
Yuuji: So you wanted to walk into the studio with a young man in tow for the sake of your image...?
Principal: To be perfectly honest, I would say that might have been a good part of it, yes...
Yuuji: Buying men just to show off like a new handbag, huh? Must be nice, living at the top.
Principal: Geez... give me a break. I get plenty of that without you joining in. Here you go, hoffee's done...
Yuuji: Hrm, thanks... Quite the fragrant cup of "hoffee"...
Principal: ............
Yuuji: ...Something wrong?
Principal: Yes, it's coffee! I just slurred the word a bit, okay? Why do you feel the need to mock me at every opportunity?
Yuuji: Maybe if you got the marbles out of your mouth, people wouldn't take you for a pushover and ask you rude questions on live television. Just a thought.
Principal: I was born with these mouth-marbles! I'm paying for your time today, you know? Show your employer some respect!
Yuuji: Please do excuse my impoliteness, Mistress...
Narration: *―Goodness gracious, whatever am I to do with this young lady?*
Narration: *True enough, my escort duty today was compensated at a fair wage, but that naturally passed through the "company," meaning Ichigaya, JB, and the tax man all got their cut―*
Narration: *So my actual take-home pay amounted to a mere 2500 yen for a full day's work.*
Narration: *Of course, Chizuru's a friend, so the money isn't a big deal. I wouldn't have objected to doing the job for free. But as a professional, I'm contractually obligated to pick up whatever money I can for my services.*
Narration: *The mission itself was hardly objectionable either, but after being forced into a Gaultier suit, carted off to some high-class salon to have my hair slicked down with gel―*
Narration: *Then having some trendy Fiorucci eyeglasses with fake lenses pushed on my head, I'll be damned if I'm going to talk to the woman like I'm her butler on top of it all.*
Yuuji: ...Incidentally, how much longer will you be requiring my services for this little game of house, Mistress? I'd really like to get out of this crappy tie sometime soon...
Principal: Oh, don't say that. I think it's a good look for you. Stick around a little longer, why don't you?
Yuuji: ...I was trying to avoid saying this, since it would be pretty irritating to have you think I'm whipped already. But, to be honest... I want to avoid spending too much time alone with women.
Principal: Goodness. I'm almost flattered you even include me in that category. But why would you be worried about that?
Yuuji: I'm a man in a relationship, somehow or other... I don't want to make Amane pointlessly anxious if I can help it.
Principal: Oh-hoh. My, my. And here I had you down as more of a "no woman's gonna tell me what to do!" type. After all that time playing the bad boy, you turn out to be surprisingly timid at heart...
Yuuji: That's right, I'm a coward by nature. I think that's what kept me alive so far...
Narration: *Cowards have a good nose for danger, and when they catch the scent they avoid it like the plague. The rank of "hero" might sound nicer, but you only get there through posthumous promotion. I'll pass for now. *
Narration: *There are only three things worth sacrificing your life for: your country, your friends, or your woman. And if you're willing to die for your woman, you damn well shouldn't go around making her unhappy.*
Yuuji: ...Amane reminds me of my mother in some ways... She puts up a bold front, but at heart she's pretty timid. Might act tough, but she'll fall to pieces if she tries to keep everything inside...
Yuuji: Troublesome sort of woman, really. If you let her be for too long she'll get cranky, but if you give her too much attention it'll just make her all the more anxious.
Yuuji: For the moment, I'm letting her do what she pleases. Hopefully we'll eventually get more comfortable together, but right now we're still at kind of a sounding-out phase. I don't want to give her any reason to feel uneasy.
Principal: Wow... you sure don't seem like you'd know the first thing about how to handle relationships, but you're actually thinking this through pretty carefully...
Yuuji: Well, I can't deny I'm completely inexperienced with this sort of thing. My closest point of reference is working with a partner in a squad, so I'm approaching it more or less the same way.
Principal: You're more thoughtful than you let on. Ever considered becoming a school-teacher? You might be well-suited for the job.
Yuuji: I've got enough headaches as is, thanks...
Narration: *I chose a "job" I can do alone precisely because I'm not cut out for managing a group...*
Principal: But I must say, I'm a liiittle surprised... You seem pretty darn serious about Suou-san.
Yuuji: I'm still uncertain just how seriously I can take this relationship... but it's exactly because we're at that tentative stage that I'm not being half-assed about the details.
Principal: What do you plan to do about your job?
Yuuji: That's a big part of the uncertainty I just mentioned...
Principal: So like I said, how about becoming a teacher? Working here should be quite the effective cover, don't you think...?
Yuuji: Is that a serious offer...?
Principal: If you take it seriously, I'll certainly consider it seriously.
Yuuji: ...I'll think about it...
Narration: *―Not an unattractive proposal, to be sure.*
Narration: *Chizuru's well-acquainted with my circumstances, so working at her school wouldn't create any awkward problems or conflicts with my "main occupation."*
Narration: *Even if I were to be suddenly called to my "side job," it's perfectly possible to cancel a lecture or bring in a substitute teacher―*
Narration: *And that "training camp" that runs ten days a year should be easy enough to fit into one of the long seasonal vacations that come with being an educator.*
Narration: *To be honest, I can't predict how long my relationship with Amane will last...*
Narration: *But nevertheless, some serious thought about our possible future together might be called for...*
Narration: *Just as I'm beginning to lose myself in serious contemplation of these matters, I encounter the woman in question sitting at the side of the hallway with an idiotic grin on her face. All of a sudden, it all feels ridiculous...*
Yuuji: ...Hey, you.
Amane: ...Oho?
Yuuji: Why are you sitting down in the hallway? Stricken by a sudden stomach ache?
Amane: Nope. Try again.
Yuuji: ...Trying to hold in a violent urge to shit?
Amane: Uh, no. Gross. Why would you even say that?
Yuuji: Don't tell me you've already soiled yourself...?
Amane: I really don't get your determination to make this a scat thing. C'mon, just read the sign, okay?
Yuuji: ...What?
Narration: *Amane's seated next to the row of vending machines, her bottom flat on the floor and her knees bent in front of her. There's a small sketchbook in her hands.*
Narration: *And when I lean over to read the words―*
Narration: *"Titty-fuck, 100 Yen! Cumming in the Cleavage OK!"*
Narration: *The message induces a moment of mild dizziness. Pinching the bridge of my nose, I take a deep breath, then address Amane in a carefully calm tone of voice.*
Yuuji: ...Look, Amane...
Amane: Yes?
Yuuji: Were you under the impression that my reaction to reading this sign would be... I don't know... "What's this? A titty-fuck vending machine! Lucky me! Here goes!"
Yuuji: ...Followed by grabbing some change and pulling down my pants in the middle of the hallway?
Amane: Huh? Ah... You're right. Don't worry, it's free of charge for you, Yuuji.
Yuuji: That's not the damn problem here!!
Amane: Whoa! You don't have to shout...
Yuuji: ...Yeah, sorry. Didn't mean to yell, but can you just... stand up, already? Having a conversation like this is really awkward, all right...?
Amane: Ah... yeah, okay. What's wrong? You seem kind of angry.
Yuuji: Look, Amane... no, Amane-san. I have something to say to you...
Amane: O-Okay...
Yuuji: I, Kazami Yuuji, am not the composed, cool, and confident man you apparently think I am.
Yuuji: To be perfectly honest, I was just moments ago worrying myself fairly seriously over my future with you, and what path I should pursue in life...
Yuuji: In other words, I was earnestly pondering the possibility of forming a family with you...
Amane: ...Ah... Uhm, wait... seriously?
Yuuji: Yes, seriously. You may have misunderstood things somewhat, but this "Kazami Yuuji" individual you've entangled yourself with has a surprisingly strong sense of responsibility...
Yuuji: I've pulled you into my life for my own selfish satisfaction, so I feel obligated to give you something more than sadness and regret. I'm not sure what to do yet, but I've been thinking it over...
Yuuji: When the time comes, I want you to look back and think "I was right to choose this man." I want you to be happy we were together. I'm reconsidering my very way of life in the hope I can make that happen...
Yuuji: And then I get "Titty-fuck, 100 Yen!" in the hallway. Can you perhaps imagine what I experienced upon reading this?
Yuuji: Allow me to express it in words. "My god... am I seriously racking my brains over this ridiculous crap?" I thought my legs were going to give out from under me. Do you understand?
Amane: Ah... yeah... sorry...
Yuuji: ...To be honest, I'm not the "good man" you might have been imagining you'd end up with... but I'm trying very hard to become something like one...
Yuuji: And here you're giving me the casual prostitute-machine act... Makes me feel pretty ridiculous about the whole thing. Do you see where I'm coming from here?
Amane: ...I guess I do sort of understand, but... I'm trying really hard myself, you know?
Amane: I mean, you're literally the only guy in this school... It's practically a harem in here, right...? And here I am, nothing going for me but a pair of slightly oversized tits, but I've somehow monopolized you...?
Amane: A monopoly might sound good, but... basically, I've just gotten my licks in first... I'm kind of uneasy, okay...? I can't stop other girls from flirting with you...
Amane: One of these days, maybe you'll just stagger into bed with someone else... and then decide "Hey, this girl's better in the sack" or something... and then I really do end up being nothing but a pathetic little servant girl, you know...?
Amane: So, well... uhm... I guess I figured... my breasts are the one thing I have that the other girls can't match... Kinda decided I need to use every weapon at my disposal, you know...?
Amane: So I'm... being brave and embarrassing myself like this, for your sake... If you just shoot me down at this point, I... don't have any idea what else I can do...
Yuuji: ...Amane...
Amane: ...Yuuji... do you hate breasts...?
Yuuji: No, can't say I do... To be honest, I love them...
Amane: Then it's all good, right? I'm anxious too, you know...? I've never dated a guy before, so I don't have the first idea about what I need to do...
Amane: So I wanted to make use of what I have and the others don't... Thought I might be able to make you happy. That's really all there is to it, okay...? It's true...
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *No human action is devoid of meaning. Even tactics that seem utterly absurd are motivated by some sort of logic.*
Narration: *I know that all too well from my time in the field.*
Narration: *But today, I got too caught up in my own worries and lost sight of that. Instead of looking at Amane's admittedly silly actions with the open mind and tolerance they deserved, I broke into an egotistical, insensitive lecture.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry, Amane. I'm still an immature brat sometimes...
Yuuji: I've given this situation some careful thought, but I can only think of one thing to say. You might be a little let down by my unoriginality, but at least hear me out...
Yuuji: Amane... I love you, all right? I really do. Very much...
Amane: ...Really...?
Yuuji: I'm not going to lie at a time like this. I mean... it'd be nice if you could trust me on that without having to ask, honestly...
Amane: ...That makes me... really happy, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Maybe you'll take this the wrong way and start up with the "he totally shot me down!" or "my pride as a woman's in tatters!" crap again, but...
Yuuji: I've got my pride as a man too, you know? I don't mind being mocked, but when somebody says "that guy's got nothing but tits on the brain―"
Yuuji: If I were to let it go, I'd be tacitly agreeing that the woman I fell in love with is a worthless idiot who just happened to be blessed with a nice rack...
Yuuji: Okay, yeah, ignoring the whispers of society sounds very noble and all that, but I'm not going to put up with that kind of insult. Even if it's coming out of your mouth.
Yuuji: Point being, Amane... there's no need for you to play the slut to the point of humiliating yourself. You can be a little more confident than that. Do you understand what I'm telling you?
Amane: Nope. Not in the least.♪
Yuuji: ...Why not...?
Amane: Too complicated, and I don't really care. There's only one thing that really matters here. You love me, right...?
Yuuji: ...I just told you, didn't I...? Don't make me repeat myself...
Amane: Aha. Yuuji, are you actually embarrassed?
Yuuji: Of course I'm embarrassed... Anybody would be.
Amane: Hey, hey, Yuuji, Yuuji.♪
Yuuji: What now? Don't yank on my sleeve like that... And what's with that smirk? You're like a cocky dog demanding a walk...
Amane: C'mon, c'mon. This way. Right over here, okay? Pwease?
Yuuji: ...Hey! Don't pull me, woman!

Date: *July 30, 2011, 08:25*
Narration: *―And on the day of our date, I'd come to regret my careless optimism.*
Amane: Hmhmhmhmhmmm.♪
Narration: *That morning, Amane was in an excellent mood, humming happily to herself as she packed food into our lunch box.*
Amane: It's just not a picnic lunch without riceballs and lots of deep-fried stuff, right?♪
Amane: Throw in octopus wieners, potato salad, coleslaw... and in the remaining space, we stuff in some crazy bright-red napolitan pasta! For dessert, apple slices cut into cute little rabbits!
Amane: Whoa! Huh!? H-Hold on a second here! Is this TOO perfect!?
Yuuji: ...You're pretty damn energetic first thing in the morning...
Amane: Ehehehe! You think!? But c'mon, this is my first time going to the zoo with a guy! I'm kinda fired up!
Yuuji: Amane, let me ask you something. You do understand that a zoo is just a place where you can look at some animals in cages, right...? 
Narration: *If she was some devoted wildlife maniac, it'd be one thing... but to be perfectly honest, I don't think many people at our age get quite this excited by the prospect of visiting a zoo...*
Amane: You're pretty clueless, my young friend. The zoo isn't the point, it's the pretext. It's just a reason to go out with your boyfriend. Get it?
Yuuji: ...Well... I can understand what you're trying to say, I guess...
Amane: To be perfectly frank, girls don't really care that much about the details of a date. The important thing isn't where you're going, it's who you're going with, you know?
Yuuji: That a fact...?
Amane: We run around having fun all day! On the train back, I'm so tuckered out I just doze right off, my head thumping gently to rest on your shoulder! What do you think!? Just like a corny romance manga, right!?
Yuuji: ...You're planning this out in advance...?
Amane: The sweet smell of shampoo wafts from my hair as I nap on your shoulder... As your heart skips a beat and your eyes flicker toward me, you're rewarded with a glimpse of voluptuous breasts... Aah, you're too damn cute, Amane...
Yuuji: Well, if you're this fired up before we even get there, I guess it's entirely possible you'll be dead tired on the way back...
Amane: But anyway, I'm amazed you got Makina to give the okay. I was sure she'd throw a fit and insist on coming along.
Yuuji: Yeah, well... in Makina's words, she's not exactly happy to be left out, but she's not "plannin' on turnin' into a nuisance of a woman" either.
Amane: Oh. That makes me feel a little sorry for her, to be honest...
Yuuji: It's too early to let down your guard. A few minutes after that conversation, I saw her furtively whispering with Sachi. There's a possibility they're going to try and sneak after us.
Amane: In that case, why don't we just all...
Yuuji: ...Uh, sorry, phone...
Narration: *―I have a decidedly bad feeling about this.*
Narration: *The vibrations are coming from the "work" cell phone in my breast pocket.*
Narration: *Sure enough, when I take it out the name "Julia" is displayed on the LCD screen. Not that I was expecting a wrong number.*
Yuuji: Tch...
JB: You've got a job, Yuuji.
Narration: *"...Shit..."*
Narration: *I knew it was coming, but those words inspire a wave of disgust and bitter regret.*
Narration: *When JB gives me orders over this black telephone, I simply can't disobey.*
Yuuji: ...What's the situation?
JB: Type A, hard option. Your ride will be there in ten minutes. Be prepared.
Yuuji: Affirmative...
Narration: *Why now, of all times...?*
Narration: *And it's a Type A hard option. A top-priority mission that absolutely requires my presence. No matter what my circumstances, I can't decline or delegate this to a stand-in...*
Yuuji: ...Amane... Sorry, but...
Amane: Your job... is it?
Yuuji: Yeah... that's right...
Amane: Are you leaving soon?
Yuuji: ...They'll be coming to pick me up in ten minutes.
Amane: I see... Guess there's nothing we can do about it, then...
Yuuji: Sorry... I'll make this up to you, no matter what... so...
Amane: Yeah, you do that. Come back home and make it up to me. No matter what, okay?
Yuuji: ...Understood...
Amane: C'mon, don't make that face. Get going already.
Yuuji: ...I'll be back as soon as I can.
Amane: Ah! Hold on, Yuuji!
Yuuji: Hm? What?
Amane: Here, the lunchbox. It's all done, so bring it with you. You should at least have enough time to shovel some food in your mouth, right?
Yuuji: All right. I'll take it... Thank you, Amane.
Amane: Work hard out there.
Yuuji: That I will...
Narration: *Amane's a reasonable woman at times like these. Exceptionally so. Strangely, that makes me feel all the more guilty.*
Narration: *I don't think she has any real idea what sort of "job" I'm heading out to do right now.*
Narration: *Which means she must have a million questions she wants to ask me. And twice as many complaints she wants to throw at me.*
Narration: *But Amane doesn't ask me anything. She doesn't voice any of those thoughts.*
Narration: *Knowing that fills me with a helpless sense of remorse.*
Yuuji: ...I have no idea who you are, or what you're trying to pull... but congratulations, you've officially pissed me off. Better brace yourself, asshole... I'm going to make this one hurt...
Narration: *...I'll teach you to cancel my date...*
Narration: *I'll finish this in one shot, eat my lunch, and be back home in no time. Just try and stop me, you piece of shit.*
Date: *July 30, 2011, 09:02 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Makina: Ah! Ama-nee! What's wrong? Did somethin' happen? Onii-chan just stormed outta the place a minute ago...
Amane: Ah... hmm... well, yeah...
Makina: What's goin' on? Did ya have a fight...?
Amane: That's not it... Yuuji got called to his job all of a sudden...
Makina: Huhhhh!? Whaddabout the zoo!?
Amane: Mmm... cancelled, I guess?
Makina: Uwa, what the heck!? What's this stupid job, anyway!? Is it really more important than th' zoo!?
Amane: Look, Makina. Don't you think women who pull that "Which matters more? Me or your job?" crap are just the worst?
Makina: Uu... well... I guess, yeah. But, c'mooon... ya made that special lunch an' everything... Ama-nee, you were reeeally lookin' forward to it, weren't you? Pretty crappy of him, don't ya think?
Amane: We can go to the zoo anytime we want. No reason it has to be today.
Makina: Maybe so, but... that ain't really an excuse, ya know...?
Makina: I mean, what kinda job does Onii-chan have in the first place?
Amane: Didn't we talk about this before? He works for a cleaning company, right?
Makina: What kinda janitor gets called to his job outta nowhere? To do what?
Amane: Who knows? Something like... right, it sounds like he exterminates pests, too. Maybe some important client had a big old mouse pop up somewhere?
Makina: Hmmm... a mouse, eh...? A big ol' mouse, is it...
Makina: Hey, Ama-nee! Do ya know where th' biggest mouse in alla th' world lives?
Amane: Huh? Dunno... some research lab somewhere, maybe...?
Makina: Orlando, Florida!!
Amane: ...What?
Makina: And this mouse ain't just big, he walks on two legs! He's got one helluva attitude, too! This stand-up comic called Eddie on the teevee said so th' other day!
Amane: ...Sloooow down, Makina. I think this topic might be a little dangerous, you know...? 
Makina: Oh, I forgot ta mention! I guess his name's ●i●●●●  ●●●s●...
Amane: Waaaaaaaaaah!! Waaaaaaaaaah!! Waaaaaaaaaah!!
Makina: Argh, my ears!! What th' heck, Ama-nee!? What're you screamin' for of a sudden!?　
Amane: We're done talking about mice!! Let's change the subject! Yeah! New subject would be good!!
Makina: Hmm? Well... if ya say so...
Amane: Aah... geez, that's bad for the heart... Being around this girl really wears you down...
Date: *July 30, 2011, 19:21*
Military　Commentator: ...And in any case, I doubt Mr. Frannie is actually visiting Japan for prostate cancer treatment. It's likely a mere pretext for his defection.
Economic　Analyst: Oh, please. You can't help connecting everything to the Republican Faction, can you? In the first place, Mr. Frannie is a "former" Secretary of Defense, not currently holding any office...
Military　Commentator: Are you familiar with Mr. Frannie's current occupation?
Economic　Analyst: Yes, yes. The commander of America's secret Japan-based anti-terror organization, "Silent Soldiers," was it? Utterly ludicrous...
Economic　Analyst: A special counter-terrorist force operating within the JSDF under the control of American intelligence? I've spent 20 years in this job without hearing any credible reference to such a thing.
Military　Commentator: Hardly surprising. It's not the kind of information that would be shared with a mere economic analyst.
Military　Commentator: And those 20 years on the inside might be precisely why your eyes are clouded. You need to talk to your enemies to know your allies. I got this information directly from high-ranking sources in the Republic.
Economic　Analyst: Excuse me! I'm not talking from a position of ignorance here myself! Do you know what you're suggesting!? Have you even read the US-Japan Security Treaty!?
Economic　Analyst: I mean, an American-funded extra-judicial anti-terror combat force on Japanese soil!? Consider the idea rationally! Even a high schooler can understand no such thing could possibly exist!
Economic　Analyst: In the first place, this dramatic "Silent Soldiers" name is purely your invention, isn't it?
Economic　Analyst: It's precisely because of conspiracy theorists like you, who can't tell the difference between reality and fiction, that legislation restricting "undesirable publications" is being drafted as we speak!
Military　Commentator: You're not just ignorant, you willfully reject information that conflicts with your comfortable view of the world! Those clumsy attempts at censorship are a clear sign someone's attempting to cover up their negligence!
Military　Commentator: I've explained this to you on three separate occasions! Denouncing others on the basis of knee-jerk assumptions is far more harmful to our country than any "conspiracy theory!" Do you still not understand!?
Yumiko: Oh... isn't this a rare sight. Watching a news program for once...?
Sachi: Ah... yes. Right now, every channel is running a similar special, so...
Makina: It's a lot more interestin' than watchin' some lame stand-up duo, anyway! I'm a fan of this military critic, Ishizaka-san!
Yumiko: ...Ah, I suppose that makes sense. He always interprets events in a very "entertaining" way, so it seems he's popular with younger viewers...
Sachi: I think the economic analyst Mr. Hirosaki understands that entertainment value, and attempts to complement it by playing the straight man...
Yumiko: Entirely likely... Not long ago, he had an article published in a weekly magazine discussing the economic effects of Ishizaka's commentary... I doubt their relationship is genuinely adversarial.  
Sachi: Sakaki-san, which opinion do you think to be correct regarding this series of events?
Yumiko: Events...? The attempted assassination of the former US Secretary of Defense, you mean?
Sachi: Yes.
Yumiko: Hmm... hard to say. From what I'm hearing, both seem to be somewhat incorrect, but there's an element of truth in both their viewpoints as well...
Makina: But these "Silent Soldiers" guys really exist, right?
Yumiko: I can't give you a definite answer on that, either... There are certainly some special, low-profile intelligence organizations within the Ministry of Defense, but I've never heard of a unit operating under that name.
Makina: Whaaat, so it's just a buncha crap after all?
Yumiko: I wouldn't say that. There have been persistent stories for quite some time about a comparable independent organization within the SDF, acting as a devoted security task force for Japan's nuclear facilities―
Yumiko: And the belief that Japan is too "fragile" to serve effectively as America's shield has been a point of intense discussion between our nations for decades now.
Makina: Uuu... I dun' gettit... Keep it simple, will ya? Do they exist, or not?
Yumiko: Given a choice between those alternatives, I'd say they exist. However, I highly doubt they're the sort of heroic organization this romantic-minded military commentator makes them out to be...
Moderator: Well then, Mr. Ishizaka, could you describe the weapon used in the attempted assassination of Mr. Frannie?
Military　Commentator: Yes. First of all, please take a look at this image. It's an anti-material rifle manufactured by the American company B. That is to say, a sniper rifle designed to disable equipment and puncture armored vehicles.
Military　Commentator: We've confirmed that the terrorist and would-be assassin was attempting a shot using this powerful rifle from a distance of 1200 meters, using a 50 caliber - that is to say, a  12.7x99 mm NATO bullet.
Military　Commentator: On the other hand, the opposing escort sniper employed by the American government was using an exceptionally commonplace 7.62 mm bullet.
Military　Commentator: Not only were they using a perfectly ordinary rifle round, they were sniping from a full 200 meters behind the man they were assigned to protect...
Military　Commentator: In other words, they were 1400 meters from their target, the terrorist sniper. A completely unthinkable distance, normally.
Military　Commentator: Sniping to obstruct another sniper is extremely difficult under the best of circumstances; and this individual carried out their mission in a single shot. It's no exaggeration to describe their prowess as "superhuman."
Moderator: Is it really that remarkable a feat?
Military　Commentator: I believe you'd understand if you had even the briefest experience with marksmanship yourself, but guns are not as accurate as one might think.
Military　Commentator: Much less at extreme long-range. Beyond 1000 meters, hitting the target is half-luck for even experienced snipers.
Military　Commentator: We've prepared a replica of the weapon used by the escort here. Please take a look.
Moderator: This sniper rifle seems quite familiar...
Military　Commentator: Indeed, it's very common. If you asked ten people to sketch a sniper rifle, I imagine eight of them would give you a silhouette resembling this weapon.
Military　Commentator: It's an "M24-SWS" sniper rifle. They're commonly used in both the American Army and the Japanese Ground Self-Defense Force, among others.
Military　Commentator: Usually, a rifle of this sort has an effective maximum range of between 700 and 900 meters. And that's in the hands of an expert sniper, assisted by a superior spotter―
Military　Commentator: And this shot was taken from 1400 meters, nearly twice that distance.
Military　Commentator: At such range, factors such as the temperature and humidity of the air, even the rotation of the earth, begin to strongly influence trajectory. Even with specially-designed bullets, it's exceptionally difficult.
Military　Commentator: On another note, regarding the sniper employed by the American government for this mission―
Military　Commentator: Rumor has it this individual is the very same sharpshooter who performed with such dramatic skill during the hijacking incident at Vancouver International Airport some years  ago...
Makina: Ooooh... super friggin' awesome... I love this kinda stuff...
Yumiko: Stop that. Killers aren't people to be idolized...
Makina: Aah... well, I guess ya got a point there... Yeah, don't wanna go around sayin' "Killin' people's okay if they're the bad guys!" or anythin'...
Yumiko: ...Even so, there are be times when killing proves necessary, and people who assume the burden of doing so... I expect such work is far more trying and painful than we're capable of imagining.
Yumiko: If nothing else, calling that "awesome" trivializes it rather rudely, don't you think?
Sachi: Impressive words, Sakaki-san. One would almost think you know something that we don't...
Yumiko: Komine-san... what exactly do you mean by that?
Sachi: Ah... please excuse me. I didn't mean to imply anything, I was simply expressing my admiration... I do apologize if I offended you...
Yumiko: That oddly perceptive aspect of your personality... can be rather startling at times, you know...
Sachi: I do apologize...
Yumiko: ...Incidentally, where's Suou-san?
Makina: Aah, Ama-nee's... Well, since th' date got cancelled, she got kinda depressed. Hasn't come out of her room all day...
Yumiko: ...I see...
Sachi: Do you have some business with Amane-san...?
Yumiko: No, nothing like that. I was simply thinking... it must be fairly painful for her as well, just waiting like this...
Sachi: ...Huh...?
Makina: I wonder what Onii-chan's doin' right now? Hope he gets his butt back here sooner rather than later...
Yumiko: He might be getting a scolding from someone right about now...
Makina: ...Like who?
Yumiko: Who knows?
Date: *July 30, 2011, 19:36*
JB: ...What were you thinking, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: You need to make that question a good deal more specific.
JB: Don't insult my intelligence. The order was a very clear "shoot to kill." Why did you aim for the arm?
Yuuji: Don't be ridiculous. We're talking 1400 meters here. I aimed for the head and missed...
JB: You expect me to believe you missed an enemy? You?
Yuuji: I'm a human being. Nobody's perfect... Look, the assassination was successfully prevented, and they caught the criminal. What's the problem?
JB: I'm not asking you about the end result.
Yuuji: ...Spare me. You're the one who gave me the order knowing full well I can't "kill" anymore... Look, how about you let me head back already...? Just how long are you planning to detain me?
JB: ...*Siiiigh*... Okay, I am sorry about your date. But this is your job, and you need to keep your personal feelings out of it. At this rate, you're going to end up dead. Sooner rather than later.
Yuuji: ...That's fine... I always knew it might end that way...
JB: It might be fine with you, but how about sparing a thought for the people you'll take down with you!? There are other human beings backing you up! Have you forgotten about them entirely!?
Yuuji: You knew from the start I was a restive pawn. If it's too much for you to handle, I suggest taking me off the board.
JB: If there was anyone who could take your place, I would have! A long time ago!
Yuuji: ...I know I'm causing you trouble, and I'm sorry... but this is the way I am. I can't change...
JB: ...Haa... forget it. You can head home for tonight. We'll handle the rest somehow...
Yuuji: Appreciate it...
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *It's hardly rare for me to disobey orders in some minor way. Quite the opposite.*
Narration: *But today, I wasn't able to concentrate on the job. JB was probably worried about that more than anything else. *
Narration: *I know exactly why my focus was off.*
Narration: *I couldn't help thinking about the way I'd burst out of the dormitory, breaking my promise to Amane without a moment's warning.*
Narration: *I couldn't think about anything but finishing the damn job as quickly as possible, then getting back to the dorm where she was waiting for me.*
Narration: *I couldn't get it off my mind. It gnawed at me all day long.*
Narration: *It's not just the way I left her behind. I don't understand that "reasonable" reaction to my unreasonable actions. I don't understand where it's coming from. Or what it means...*
Narration: *Taking my private cell phone out of my pocket, I switch on the power and query my email box. I find no less than nine messages from Amane waiting for me.*
Narration: *The contents are all very short―*
Narration: *"Are you working already?" "What are you doing?" "Sorry to bug you." "Did you eat lunch?" "Call me when you get off work." "Still busy?" "I want to hear your voice." "Sorry... that was selfish of me."*
Narration: *"Thank you."*
Narration: *Understandable, mostly.*
Narration: *With one exception.*
Narration: *What's this last one supposed to mean...? "Thank you?"*
Narration: *As I'm puzzling it over, the phone in my hand abruptly begins to ring.*
Narration: *The caller is "Suou Amane." I hurriedly push my finger down on the answer button and bring the phone to my ear.*
Yuuji: ...It's me... Amane, is that you?
Amane: Ah... Yuuji? Thank goodness... you picked up. I thought I'd never get through...
Yuuji: What? That's over the top... Is something wrong?
Amane: Nope, nothing in particular... Just wanted to hear your voice, that's all...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *There's an odd sound in the background of Amane's call. When I strain my ear, I can faintly hear something like the pattering of heavy rainfall...*
Yuuji: Amane... where are you right now?
Narration: *I carefully scan the night sky, but there's not even a hint of a raincloud...*
Narration: *And that's not the only point of concern here. Even across the tinny cell phone connection, I can tell that Amane's voice is oddly emotional.*
Amane: ...I'm in the bathroom...
Yuuji: The bathroom...?
Amane: Yeah... Sorry to call you over nothing...
Yuuji: Don't say that. There's nothing to apologize for.
Amane: Ah... right... then, I guess it should be... thanks?  Thank you for everything, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...Hey, hold on... What's that supposed to mean? What are you doing in the bathroom?
Amane: Don't mind me. I'll be okay by myself... Even if I'm alone, I can... keep going...
Yuuji: ...What?
Amane: Aha... gotta go now... Bye, Yuuji... Thanks for answering the phone...
Yuuji: Hey! Hold on a second! Amane!
Yuuji: ...Ama...ne...?
Narration: *As the line goes dead, ominous apprehension wells up inside me.*
Yuuji: The hell was that...? Almost sounded like a goodbye...
Narration: *I bring my phone down from my ear and quickly dial Amane's cell number, but the call goes straight to her voice mail service.*
Yuuji: ...You can't be serious...
Narration: *Disturbing thoughts flit across my mind. She's always had depressive tendencies. Moments when her face went dark.*
Narration: *"Calling me from the bath...? What the hell is that supposed to mean? She wouldn't... she can't be... hurting herself...?"*
Yuuji: ...Goddamn it!!
Yuuji: ...Pick up, already! Come on!!
Makina: Why hellooo thar! This's Makina, don'cha know!
Yuuji: Makina! Where are you right now!? Is Amane with you!?
Makina: Hmmm? Ama-nee's been in her room alone allll day, ya know? As fer me, I'm jus' playin' "legendary sniper" with Sacchin.
Yuuji: Go to Amane's room, right now! Please! She's acting strangely! I'm on my way back now, I'll be there as soon as I can!
Makina: Hm? Well, okay, but... yer way back from where, Onii-chan?
Yuuji: I'll explain the circumstances later. Hurry up and go, all right!?
Makina: Mm, yeah, gotcha. Sacchin! We're changin' our target from Chiruchiru to Ama-nee!
Sachi: Roger that...
Yuuji: ...Khh...!
Narration: *"Amane... don't do anything stupid, all right? I'm coming. I'll be there in no time."*
Narration: *Spurred on by the hard knot of anxiety growing relentlessly inside me, I sprint all-out toward the subway entrance, ignoring the glances of bystanders.*
Date: *July 30, 2011, 20:42*
Yuuji: ...Amane!!
Michiru: ...Uwa! Wha...! You scared the crap out of me! Where the heck did you come from!?
Yuuji: Michiru! Where's Amane!?
Michiru: Huh? Wha? Amane? I dunno... her room, probably? Hold on, what's going on? You're covered in sweat, you know?
Yuuji: ...Amaneee!!
Michiru: Ah! Hey, wait! Yuuji!? Where the heck do you think you're going!?!
Sachi: Ah, Kazami-san... Welcome back, b'ye...
Yuuji: Sachi! Have you seen Amane!? Where is she!?
Sachi: Ah... uhm... in her room, I reckon? Slow down a tick, what seems t'be the matter, eh?
Yuuji: We'll talk later!
Sachi: ...Huh? Don't you have any sardonic comments to offer in regard to my bogus Kumamoto accent...?
Yuuji: Has to wait!
Sachi: ...What a letdown, don'cha know...
Narration: *Amane first. Everything else can wait.*
Yuuji: ...Amane!!!
Makina: Uwa, you scared me!! Where'd you come from alluva sudden!?! I thought my heart was gonna jump outta my asshole!! That some kinda fetish of yours!?　
Yuuji: Makina! Where's Amane!?
Makina: And you're totally ignorin' me, ta boot!
Amane: Mmm? Makina? Is Yuuji back?
Yuuji: Amane!!
Amane: Mmm? What? Don't have to keep shouting my name, I'm right here.
Yuuji: Amane... you're...!!
Amane: Oooh, back faster than expected.♪ I'm warming you up some cabbage roll cream stew right now, so wait just a minute, okay?
Yuuji: ...What!?
Narration: *Cabbage... rolls...?*
Narration: *What the... hell... is going on here...?*
Narration: *Let's break this down. First of all: Amane's got a pleased little grin on her face.*
Narration: *Secondly: She's standing in the kitchen, ladle in hand, in front of a noisily bubbling pot.*
Narration: *Right. A pot of stew just now coming to a nice simmer on the stovetop, as if in preparation for someone's flustered arrival.*
Yuuji: ...Did you just... pull a fast one on me...?
Amane: Hmmmm? What're you talking about? Aah, did you maybe get some silly idea in your head from that phone call earlier? I was just cleaning the bathroom, you know?
Yuuji: ...Haaaaaaaaaaa...
Narration: *I can't help but heave a long, heavy sigh.*
Narration: *It's not clear to me whether it's a sigh of exasperation at being so completely deceived, or a spontaneous expression of relief at finding Amane safe and sound.*
Narration: *And after a brief pause, a few tired words spill helplessly out of my mouth―*
Yuuji: What the hell is that, Amane...?
Amane: Hm? Cabbage rolls, like I said.♪
Makina: Ama-nee makes hers with a quail egg in th' center, ya know! They're really friggin' gooood.
Amane: You will have some, right?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Amane: Oh, also. Take off your shoes before you come in, all right?
Makina: Geh! Onii-chan, ya still got your dirty ol' outdoor shoes on! What're ya thinkin'!?
Yuuji: ...Ah...
Narration: *I hadn't even realized I was still wearing them until she pointed it out... Taking off my muddy shoes on the spot, I slowly walk down to the lobby to put them away.*
Yuuji: ...She got me good...
Narration: *As I shove the sneakers into the rack by the front door, a sudden wave of exhaustion overwhelms me. I have no choice but to sit down shakily on the spot, cold sweat breaking out all over my body.*
Narration: *Goddammit, woman... I think that little "joke" of yours just took a year off my life. Seriously in bad taste.*
Yuuji: ...Now that I think about it... all of a sudden, it seems Amane's become just that important to me...
Narration: *I'll be honest. The instant I saw Amane's face, I was relieved from the bottom of my heart. Nothing else even registered for a moment.*
Narration: *Amane's presence in my life is rapidly become indispensable to me.*
Narration: *At this stage, I don't know for sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.*
Narration: *But I do know that I'm growing more content with the idea with every passing day.*
Date: *July 31, 2011, 16:30*
Makina: Summa zesty-vole!!
Sachi: ...It's "summer festival," Maki-chan...
Makina: Don bance!
Sachi: ...It's "Bon dance," Maki-chan...
Makina: Anomalocaris!!
Sachi: You finally got that one, Maki-chan...
Michiru: Geez, you people are so noisy! It's just a festival, okay? Do you really have to bounce off the walls about it!?
Makina: Oo? But c'mon, it's a festival. Only nat'shural that we youngsters would frolic about indiscriminately, right? It's the traditional occasion for gettin' carried away with excitement and lettin' some guy ya like pop yer cherry!
Michiru: That's NOT traditional! What kind of a festival is that supposed to be!? Are you confusing this with some African tribe's coming-of-age ceremony!?　
Sachi: Actually, Michiru-sama... according to the statistics I read in a magazine article the other day, there has been an increasing trend in recent years of girls losing their virginity on the occasion of a festival...
Michiru: Oh my god! Can you NOT fall for every bogus, manipulative stat the media pulls out of its butt!?! In the first place, who are you planning to have "pop your cherry," exactly!?
Makina: ......
Yuuji: ...Why are you people staring at me?
Makina: ...Well, ya know? If someone's gotta pop that sucker... right, Sacchin?
Sachi: Y-Yes, indeed... If someone's got to do it... might as well ask someone with skill in that department... right?
Michiru: Hey!! A girl's chastity is a very important thing, you got that!?! Don't go throwing it away just for the heck of it!! And by the way! It's not like there's any guarantee Yuuji's got "skill," you know!?
Makina: Oo? Gotta disagree with ya there. With the way he's been goin' at it like rabbits with Ama-nee every single day, he's gotta be pretty friggin' good by now!
Sachi: What's more, Amane-san once told me "That guy's ca-razy good, you know?" while wriggling her hips slightly, so―
Sachi: One can hardly help thinking "My goodness. Not just good but ca-razy good?" I must admit, I've inflated my expectations into a swollen mass of itchy curiosity...
Michiru: Stop inflating them, then!! Put ice on it!! You need to bring that swelling DOWN!!!
Makina: She's got a point, ya know? If ya wanna get somethin' swollen, let's make it Onii-chan's groins!
Yuuji: I'd like to see you try, punk.
Makina: Oho? Ya might come to regret that remark. I ain't got any underwear under this thing, ya know? Whaddaya think of that, yo? Ya wanna see, right? If ya ask nice, I'll letcha take a peek.
Sachi: Ah... Maki-chan, no fair... In that case, I'll go take mine off as well, yo...
Yuuji: That won't be necessary.
Makina: What about you, Chiruchiru? Gonna take 'em off?
Michiru: The hell I am!! Why would I!? You're not even making sense! And in the first place, isn't taking it off yourself kind of desperate!? You make them do it, right!?
Sachi: Michiru-sama seems to want someone to take them off for her...
Yuuji: And why are you telling me this...? I'd rather shave a grizzly bear.
Michiru: What!? Why!? Don't look at me like I'm a pile of dirt!! I'm perfectly clean, for your information!! Take them off, you'll see!!
Yuuji: Do you understand what you're saying, woman...?
Michiru: Haaugh! N-No! That's not what I meant! Don't take them off! Taking them off is off-limits! I never said that!!!
Yumiko: ...Awfully noisy out here... What's all the fuss about?
Michiru: Hawah!! Yumiko! You've got it all wrong! Wait, hold on! You do have panties on, right!?
Yumiko: What? Uh, Matsushima-san... have you been hearing voices lately...?
Michiru: Don't inquire about my sanity with that completely earnest look of anxiety on your face!! Aaaarrrrggggghh!! What did I ever do to deserve this!?! Mukiiiiiii!!
Makina: Whassis? Yumi-chan, ya ain't wearin' a yukata? C'mon, it's a festival...
Yumiko: I'm quite all right as I am, thank you. I don't expect I'll have time to enjoy the attractions anyway...
Sachi: Oh... do you have some sort of job again?
Yumiko: ...Yes, I'm the chief judge at a karaoke tournament... Utterly ridiculous... 
Yuuji: How did you of all people end up with a job like that?
Sachi: Ah, allow me to explain. As the East Beach Group, lead by Sakaki-san's family, is a major enterprise contributing to Mishama Cape's economy―
Sachi: They're acting as the main sponsor of this event, providing much of the financial support that made it possible.
Sachi: I expect the all-expenses-paid trip to Guam offered as the grand prize in this karaoke tournament was provided by Sakaki-san's family as well...
Yuuji: I see, so that's how she ended up as the chairman of the jury...
Yumiko: Komine-san, was there really any need to tell him that?
Sachi: Ah... yes... I must apologize... That was rather rude of me...
Yumiko: I'm not particularly upset. Don't worry about it.
Yumiko: In any case, that's how it is. I have no objections to you enjoying yourselves at the festival, but please bear in mind that you're acting as representatives of our school and act accordingly.
Yumiko: Which means no screaming about panties at the top of your lungs! Understood, Matsushima-san?
Michiru: Why are you singling me out!? Why would I yell "panties!?" I don't yell about panties!!
Yumiko: ...You're doing so at this very moment... Kindly stop talking.
Michiru: Au... yesh... I'm shorry... Boohohoo...
Makina: Yumi-chan's got it rough, huh? Bet they've got her goin' around pourin' sake for a buncha pompous ol' windbags. When ya get down to it, a "princess" is just a doll for her parents ta pose... Must be a pain in th' ass...
Michiru: And there you go again, bringing up awkward topics like that... 
Amane: Hmmm? What's up? Something going on?
Yuuji: No, nothing in particular. You finished changing?
Amane: Yep! Here, what do you think? How do I look?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I'd thought Amane's figure wouldn't work too well with traditional Japanese clothes, considering her long legs and comparatively short torso, but...*
Yuuji: Somehow or other, it actually looks really good on you.
Makina: No fair, Ama-nee. Anythin' looks good on you...
Amane: Ahaha, you think...?
Sachi: ...Perhaps it's just my imagination, but lately her bottom seems to have been getting plumper and sexier by the day...
Michiru: Amane, did you put on some weight?
Amane: Talk about rude!! I didn't gain weight, I lost a little fat around my waist!! My butt just looks bigger in comparison now!!
Makina: I see whatcha mean. She's really bulgin' against the yukata down here. Her buttocks are yearnin' ta be free!
Amane: Uh, hey! Owww! Don't smack my butt!!
Makina: Huhhh? Ama-nee... hold on, don't tell me... are you not wearin' any panties under this...?
Amane: Hau! Ah! Uu!
Michiru: Hm? Let's see... Ah, she's right! This thing's on really tight, but there aren't any panty lines! You're not wearing underwear, are you!?
Amane: Ahhh, geez! That's right! I'm not! Now get your paws off my butt already!!
Yuuji: Right, hands off. That ass belongs to me. If you want to touch it, you need my formal permission.
Amane: My ass belongs to me!!
Sachi: ...Might I be allowed to touch it?
Yuuji: Very well, I'll permit it.
Amane: Don't just rubber-stamp the applications!!
Sachi: ...Wah... somehow, this bottom reminds me of a luxury German sports car... 
Makina: Ooh, a Porsche? A Carrera RS? No wonder that ass don't quit if it's got a 2687cc engine.
Amane: Are you people deaf!? Stop smacking my butt!! Geeeeez!! I don't know about anyone else, but I'm going to the festival now! 
Makina: Th' heck's she gettin' all cranky about? What's a few smacks to th' ass costin' her?
Sachi: Now, now, Maki-chan. Let's get going. Come, Michiru-sama, please do accompany us...
Michiru: Alrighty then, sounds like a plan!
Narration: *We set off as a group toward the main street of the shopping district, where the festival's being held. The sun's just reaching the horizon as we embark. The cries of higurashi cicadas fill the air.*
Makina: Oooh, th' girurosshi are sure noisy tonight...
Sachi: ...You mean "higurashi," Maki-chan...
Michiru: Who the heck is "Girurosshi!?" I mean, "shi" is the only part she got right! I'm amazed you even picked up on that, Sachi!
Sachi: My comedy duo with Maki-chan has been running for quite some time now, after all... It's mostly instinct at this point...
Makina: ...Friggin' amazin' though, ain't it... Higurasshi and girurosshi sound exactly alike...!
Michiru: No they do NOT!! Don't sneak another "s" into "higurashi" to make it sound more convincing!! It's not working!!
Sachi: Come now, they're not so different. It's something like the subtle similarity between "melon-bun" and "Clinton." Right, Maki-chan?
Michiru: The "n" is the ONLY part that matches!!! I mean, if you're gonna do something with "Clinton," wouldn't "Klingon" be the logical choice!?
Sachi: I'm... really not so sure about that one...
Makina: I know, right?
Michiru: Whaaa!? You lured me into the open just so you could stab me in the back! 
Yuuji: What the hell kind of a conversation is this...?
Amane: Ahn... slow down, Yuuji. You're walking too fast...
Yuuji: Hm? Ah, yeah...
Narration: *Judging from the way Amane's tottering desperately forward with short, awkward little steps, I think it's fair to say she doesn't have much experience wearing traditional Japanese clothes or wooden clogs.*
Amane: ...It kinda feels like I'm gonna flash half the street if I take long steps...
Yuuji: Maybe you should've thought of that before you went outside without any underwear on.
Amane: Mhehehehe... the no-panties thing is my little sign that I'm good to go at any time, you know?
Yuuji: You never go out of heat, do you, Amane...
Amane: What are you complaining about? I'm about the only girl who can handle a ravenous beast like you, you know?
Yuuji: ...True enough.
Makina: Heeey! Ama-nee, Onii-chan! Hurry up, will ya!?
Yuuji: No need to rush. The festival's not going anywhere.
Amane: Aw, cut the girl some slack. She loves festivals, you know? C'mon, let's get moving.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *It might be a festival organized by the local shopping district, but since it's got powerful financial support, the grounds are actually a pretty impressive sight. Our school offered its own contribution in the form of manpower...*
Narration: *Earlier in the day, Amane and Sachi helped set up booths and pulled floats for the children's festival. As my own community service, I mowed the grass and labored to help set up the tower for the Bon Dance.*
Narration: *And despite her stated opinion on children, to wit―*
Narration: *"I can't stand kids! They're noisy and spoiled and don't listen to a thing you say! They cry over nothing! They think they can get away with murder if they bawl hard enough! Just watching them pisses me off!"*
Narration: *―Michiru nonetheless gave in to Amane's cajoling and volunteered at the children's festival, where it seems she diligently and cheerfully made batches of free cotton candy for the crowds of kids.*
Amane: Hey, Yuuji, have you heard?
Yuuji: Hm? Heard what?
Amane: About Makina...
Yuuji: ...You don't need to stick your nose in my face.
Amane: Got in the mood for a kiss?
Narration: *...So that's a request, I guess...?*
Amane: ...Ah... wah... that's not...!
Amane: ...Mm... ah... noo... idiot...
Amane: Uhm... okay, so... Makina. Right... she's working at that bakery down the street, you know...?
Yuuji: Yeah, so it seems...
Amane: And, uh... Uhm... what was I going to say again?
Yuuji: How the hell would I know?
Amane: Uhhm... oh, that's it... So, that bakery, right? I guess they've set up a stand selling hot dogs and stuffed bread in front of the store tonight... uhm... and it seems they're going to be selling some stuff Makina made.
Yuuji: Hoh, bread Makina baked...? I'm interested to see that.
Amane: Right? So... uhm... well... why don't we sneak over there later and buy some, maybe?
Yuuji: Yeah, sounds like a plan.
Amane: ............
Yuuji: What? Are you angry about something?
Amane: Arghh! You jerk!!
Yuuji: Ow... What was that for? Don't smack my ass.
Amane: ...That's your punishment for kissing me out of nowhere!
Yuuji: Kind of a delayed reaction, don't you think?
Amane: Okay, here's the thing. Timing is important with girls! Any moment falls into one of three categories: Times when you can kiss her, times when you can't, and finally, a certain special case!
Yuuji: ...Hmm... that a fact. Fascinating.
Amane: .....................
Amane: Jerk!!
Yuuji: Look, what's your problem? No need to resort to violence.
Amane: The special case is when the girl WANTS you to kiss her! But I'm pretty sure you figured that out for yourself, didn't you!?
Yuuji: Heh... deliberately playing dumb about these things is a rule of mine...
Amane: Fine, congratulations on being so above it all. The window's now closed! You can't kiss me anymore!
Yuuji: Cheeky girl. You think you have the right to refuse? Close your eyes, open your mouth, and stick out your tongue. In that order.
Amane: ...Wha...
Yuuji: Need me to repeat that?
Amane: ...Haa... geez... if you insist. C'mon, over here... It'd be embarrassing in the middle of the street...
Yuuji: Uh, look, it was obviously a joke...
Amane: Push a girl this far, then turn it into a joke? That seems even ruder, don't you think? C'mon... you can kiss me, okay? You want to, right...?
Yuuji: ...Can you close your eyes for me? And open your mouth.
Amane: ...Mm... ahh...
Yuuji: Now stick out your tongue.
Amane: ...Aaaan...
Narration: *The tip of Amane's plump tongue peeks out through the small gap between her lips.*
Yuuji: Further.
Amane: Nnaaaaaah...
Yuuji: *Snort*... You have no idea how ridiculous you look right now...
Amane: ............
Amane: Hiyaaa!!
Yuuji: Owwwww!!
Amane: And that's your punishment for humiliating a girl!
Yuuji: Sorry, sorry. No need to get so angry...
Amane: Look, you... laughing at a girl waiting for a kiss is about as low as it gets, you know?
Yuuji: What's the big deal? It's a classic part of the "sappy lovebirds" routine. You're fond of that sort of thing, aren't you?
Amane: ...Sappy lovebirds...? Hmm... I guess... we might kinda come off that way, huh...
Yuuji: Are you seriously just realizing this now?
Amane: ...Yeah... Yeah, I guess you're right...
Yuuji: Hm? Something wrong?
Amane: No... it's nothing...
Amane: Hey... Yuujiii...?
Yuuji: Okay, I'm a little worried by this sudden gleam in your eye...
Amane: These sappy, hormone-addled lovebirds of which you speak... probably wouldn't miss a chance to fuck yukata-style, right...? 
Yuuji: ...You for real...? Well, I did have a premonition you'd say something of the sort eventually, but...
Amane: Excellent. It seems you're finally growing to understand the way I think, Yuuji.
Yuuji: ...I don't know about "understanding"... More like I'm getting used to it...
Amane: Hey... whaddaya think? Shall we do it...?
Yuuji: Well, do you have a rubber on you? I sure don't.
Amane: Ah... nope... I didn't think to bring any today... What should we do?
Yuuji: Anal again...?
Amane: Ah, sorry, I'm not, uh... prepared down there today, so... really sorry about that...
Yuuji: ...We could call it off.
Amane: What's the big deal? Let's do it raw.
Yuuji: We're still students, you know? We should at least be using contraception...
Amane: What the heeeeck... You said we could have the baby if I get pregnant, didn't you...? Was that just a lie, then?
Yuuji: Don't be an idiot. I wouldn't say something like that unless I meant it.
Amane: Hehe... Yuuji, I love you... C'mon. Wanna do it? You do, right?
Yuuji: ...Finally reached the point of fucking outdoors, huh...? We've sunk pretty low...
Amane: ...You sure complain a lot for the guy who stood me up after promising a date...
Yuuji: Urgh... you know how to hit me where it hurts, you know that...? Hrrrm... well, fine, no reason turn down what's offered to me. But where do you plan to do this?
Amane: Mm... c'mere, okay?
Narration: *Amane pulls me by hand down a short flight of stairs, her wooden sandals clip-clopping against the stone. She leads me behind a Shinto shrine, the bustle of the festival growing fainter with every step.*
Amane: Right over here...
Yuuji: Ah, I see...
Narration: *We're behind a shed, in a small area where the portable shrines carried by children are usually packed away to await the next festival. The odds of anyone coming back here before the festivities are over is effectively zero.*
Amane: Heeheehee...
Narration: *Amane's expression grows dreamy and blissful. Giggling sweetly, she cuddles up against me, nuzzling her head under my jaw. I'm strongly reminded of this bit I saw on TV the other day about the mating rituals of wolves.*
Amane: ...*Sniff* *Sniff*... Haa... Hehehehehe... it's Yuuji's smell...
Yuuji: Don't push your nose into my neck... You really are a dog in human form, you know that...?
Amane: Hey, y'know what? They say people figure out whether they're sexually compatible by scent...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *I remember reading something of the kind.*
Narration: *When humans hit puberty, they develop a natural dislike for their parents.*
Narration: *Apparently, that's at least partially the product of an built-in biological antipathy to those with similar genes, as a safeguard against genetically crippling incestuous mating.*
Narration: *And there's a theory that we instinctively determine the genetic suitability of potential sexual partners from the information encoded in their body odor.*
Amane: *Sniff* *Sniff*... Haa... you know, I... really love your scent, Yuuji... When I get too long a dose... I get all dizzy... and really, really horny...
Yuuji: I see. I believe the technical term for your condition would be "estrus." Do you ever feel the need to elevate your hindquarters?
Amane: Hey, Yuuji... C'mon, how about you touch me...?
Yuuji: Your yukata's getting all disheveled, you know.
Amane: Fine by me...
Narration: *Her massive breasts, as always, exceed the capacity of my hands; and today, her nipples are almost painfully erect from the very start. It would seem wandering around without any underwear had something of an effect on her―*
Narration: *My hand, which had found its way to Amane's groin without any conscious direction on my part, finds her sopping with warm liquid.*
Yuuji: ...You're wet already?
Amane: Yeah... I mean... I've been walking around with no panties this whole time... I kinda couldn't help thinking about it... So you can just put it right in, okay? C'mon... I'll give your cock a nice gentle squeeze... Go ahead...
Yuuji: Okay then... don't mind if I do...

Date: *July 31, 2011, 20:14 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Yuuji: ...This is... one hell of a story...
Narration: *I raise my eyes from the diary, reflexively staring up into Amane's face. Her eyes are downcast, her mouth twisted sorrowfully.*
Amane: Hey... Yuuji, you know what happens when you throw a bunch of cockroaches in a jar without any food...?
Yuuji: ...Cockroaches...?
Narration: *From what I've read about them, they're incredibly durable creatures... They can last for weeks without food... and sometimes cannibalize each other...*
Amane: ...I'm the cockroach that got out of that jar alive... The most durable, most disgusting cockroach of all...
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *I can't find anything to say.*
Narration: *"I'm so sorry. That must've been terrible. I've gone through something similar myself?"*
Narration: *The comparison would be unfair; the paths we followed to that point were far too different. Even so, I understand.*
Narration: *Thrown abruptly into a rain-soaked hell without adequate food. Unable to imagine what tomorrow will bring, your physical and emotional strength are slowly whittled down―*
Narration: *The ones wobbling on their feet have a week. The ones sitting, five days. The ones lying down, three. The ones that can't speak, two. And the ones that can't blink will be dead before the sun sets.*
Narration: *At some point, you've lost the energy to dig graves for your companions. You sleep next to the rotting corpses of your friends.*
Narration: *Hell on earth.*
Narration: *Precisely because I understand, I have no words to offer her.*
Narration: *I seek refuge in the tattered diary in my hands.*
Narration: *―Returning home as the only survivor of that horrific accident, my reception wasn't what you could call gentle.*
Narration: *The media widely discussed the incident and its "miraculous survivor," spicing up their articles with a barrage of thoughtless and downright cruel speculation―*
Narration: *While never publishing my actual name, many twisted their limited information to suggest my survival had come at the cost of my humanity. I was the social problem of the hour.*
Narration: *When I returned to school after recovering my physical strength, a classmate thrust a weekly magazine in my face. It was open to a gory photograph of the crash scene as it had been discovered.*
Narration: *"Hey, this corpse... this is Hirooka's face, isn't it? Poor girl... So tell me something. Why were you the only one who survived? Everyone else died... Why are you the only one who came back...?"*
Narration: *Of course, at that age, the gruesome and bizarre have an irresistible pull. At first, the words might've been nothing but curiosity, carrying no ill intent. At first, they might not have even realized their own casual cruelty.*
Narration: *But that first question opened the floodgates. Soon, the entire class was hurling questions at me, mostly for their own amusement.*
Narration: *"Hey... you ate them, didn't you...?"*
Narration: *Base speculation always runs along predictable lines.*
Narration: *It's more interesting if she ate them. Therefore, she ate them.*
Narration: *Better the titillating fiction than the complicated truth.*
Narration: *"Ate her friends, then came right back like nothing happened... How can she live with herself...? Makes me want to puke..."*
Narration: *"I wouldn't have done it in a million years... Some things are more important than staying alive... I'd rather starve to death than eat someone! Why doesn't she just kill herself...?"*
Narration: *"Just seeing her face makes me lose my appetite... God, I hope she transfers soon..."*
Narration: *Soon, they spoke with undisguised hatred.*
Narration: *My denials fell on deaf ears, and I stopped even trying.*
Narration: *In their eyes, I was a cockroach. A vicious, durable insect. Inside the confines of the killing jar, I had consumed my own kind to survive. And now I had crawled back to safety all alone.*
Narration: *It quickly became impossible for me to attend school normally. Before long, a special classroom was prepared for me to study alone.*
Narration: *The administration's attempt at resolving the problem was halfhearted and passive. Essentially, they isolated me from my classmates, leaving my former homeroom teacher to take care of any problems that might arise.*
Narration: *But since their main concern was minimizing further disruption, the choice made sense. And fortunately, that teacher was a kind woman who offered me warm encouragement.*
Narration: *"It's all right... As long as you're alive, you can start again. As many times as it takes. I'm here for you... I'll be here as long as it takes... so please, please keep trying. Okay?"*
Narration: *Her words pulled me through some of the blackest days.*
Narration: *She was right. My survival had come at the cost of many, many sacrifices. I had to keep going... for the sake of those who had died, and for the people who still believed in me.*
Narration: *But eventually, I was made to realize these innocent thoughts were founded on nothing more than childish naivete.*
Narration: *Half a year after the accident, I moved up to the next grade and a new homeroom. And the teacher who had treated me so kindly abruptly stopped her little therapy sessions. Her attitude changed; the sympathy left her eyes.*
Narration: *In the end, her "kindness" had been nothing more than the professional mask of an adult doing her job. That realization hurt me more deeply than any of the lies or insults ever had.*
Narration: *After yet another day of isolated misery in an empty classroom, I returned home to find the words "Cockroach Nest" scrawled in huge letters across the side of my house.*
Narration: *My mom was crouched beside the graffiti with a bucket and brush, tears in her eyes as she desperately tried to clean it off. Her teeth were tightly clenched, as if to keep the sobs inside.*
Narration: *They'd made her cry. They'd made my stout-hearted mom weep as miserably as a child. Hit by a wave of inexpressible, overwhelming sadness, I fell to my knees on the spot.*
Narration: *"Is other people's misery... really that much fun to you...?"*
Narration: *The reality had nothing to do with it. They weren't even trying to look at the truth. All they wanted was an interesting story. And my suffering seemed to be highly entertaining to them.*
Narration: *I could endure the slander and abuse.*
Narration: *But at this rate, I would end up becoming a blight on my own family.*
Narration: *I simply couldn't take any more.*
Narration: *"What did I survive for, anyway? This? If I'd just died with everyone else in that valley, none of this would've happened..."*
Narration: *I wanted to turn back time; I wanted to go back into that ravine, to redo it all from the very start. I could see nothing in my future, so I fantasized about the past.*
Narration: *Even so, I resigned myself to the present. I accepted the ridicule and ostracism of those around me.*
Narration: *I'd stepped over the bodies of my friends to save myself. Surely I needed some punishment for that.*
Narration: *Of course no one was going to object to my suffering. It was the least I deserved.*
Narration: *I could prostrate myself weeping in front of my friends' graves all I wanted, but no one was going to forgive me that easily.*
Narration: *Until I had suffered more than those who had died, no one would approve of my continued existence.*
Narration: *This was my punishment for surviving.*
Narration: *I accepted it. I knew that I couldn't expect clemency. But even so, I desperately needed someone to give me the hope that it might end. That someday, I might be forgiven.*
Narration: *Self-loathing was my only means of atonement, and it was a feeble counterweight against the sin I was committing with every breath I drew. I was gradually driven into a corner.*
Narration: *How wonderful would it have been to run from it all? To shed the weight of what I'd done? But the punishment for surviving was impossible to escape.*
Narration: *I had no choice but to bear it. I tried to be strong. I tried to act cheerfully in the face of it all. But it was so very hard.*
Narration: *The slightest smile on my face would inspire condemnation: "How can she laugh after what happened?" If I ran away from their words, they'd condemn that as well. My sin would never fade. Not for all eternity.*
Narration: *Every once in a while, I dreamed at night.*
Narration: *Always the same nightmare.*
Narration: *Always in the same place: the depths of that hellish jungle.*
Narration: *In the gloomy forest, the girls from the basketball club sat on the roots of trees, still and quiet.*
Narration: *One by one, they slowly died.*
Narration: *The corpses lay against the trunks of the trees, swelling up with gas like gruesome balloons.*
Narration: *Their faces had been bloated from the start by their severe malnutrition. Soon, it was impossible to tell where their eyes had been.*
Narration: *Eventually, their mouths creaked open, and the gas inside their bodies began to leak out into the humid air with a sound like a ghostly moan.*
Narration: *Before long, those faint sounds would become voices.*
Narration: *"...Amane..."*
Narration: *"Amane... help me... Amane..."*
Narration: *"I don't want to die... Amane..."*
Narration: *"It hurts so much, Amane..."*
Narration: *"Why only you... Why, Amane...?"*
Narration: *"Why won't you help me?"*
Narration: *"Hey! Amane!!"*
Narration: *I'd lost count of how many times I'd woken up screaming in the middle of the night.*
Narration: *Going to sleep had become terrifying.*
Narration: *But even awake, I could hear the voices whispering in my ear.*
Narration: *The voices of my friends, calling my name.*
Narration: *When I turned back, there was no one.*
Narration: *Even so, I heard the whispers. Constantly.*
Narration: *The doctor's diagnosis was schizophrenia.*
Narration: *Asleep or awake, someone was always cursing me. My guilt was ever-present, crushing. I had no refuge.*
Narration: *In time, I lost the ability to distinguish between reality and my dreams. Even awake, I screamed at phantoms.*
Narration: *One morning, standing on the train platform, I was shoved from behind by a figment of my own imagination, and fell hard onto the track below.*
Narration: *I understood perfectly well that my own accumulated guilt had given me that push, but knowing did me no good.*
Narration: *Sometimes, I thought about just dying.*
Narration: *But I couldn't commit suicide.*
Narration: *If I took my own life, I'd be branded for all eternity as a coward who fled from the punishment her actions had earned.*
Narration: *Maybe someone would be so kind as to kill me instead...?*
Narration: *A random, violent death at another's hand might well be my only possible salvation.*
Narration: *If someone killed me, I could escape without having fled from my responsibility.*
Narration: *If someone... would only punish me...*
Narration: *Yes, that was it. Every time someone harassed or tormented me, it felt as though the weight of the sin on my shoulders grew a little lighter.*
Narration: *If I could live my life entirely for someone else's sake, maybe someday I'd be forgiven.*
Narration: *But for that role, I needed someone who would punish me for the sin of surviving.*
Narration: *So that when moments of happiness found me, when I laughed, I could simply offer a silent apology to the dead.*
Narration: *I needed someone who would give me an excuse for when the voices whispered in my ear. I needed an answer to their resentful curses. "See? I'm getting exactly what I deserve."*
Narration: *I absolutely needed that.*
Narration: *In the end, I wasted six years of my life waiting for someone who could bring me that hollow, self-serving comfort.*
Amane: And then, a man ideally suited to impose my penance appeared...
Amane: Kazami Kazuki had sacrificed herself to save me... and he was her brother... her only surviving family...
Amane: I'm sorry for keeping it a secret all this time, Yuuji...
Amane: The truth is, I'm a pathetic coward... who survived by sacrificing your sister. I'm so sorry...
Narration: *Still staring into my eyes, Amane sniffles miserably.*
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *My body feels as stiff and wooden as the words coming out of my mouth. It takes all my effort just to nod.*
Narration: *I understand. Some "sins" can never be forgiven.*
Narration: *No matter how many times we apologize, the dead can never come back.*
Amane: ...I always... wanted to tell you, you know? To apologize... but... I just couldn't...
Amane: You know... after the accident, I actually went to Kazuki's house... just once...
Amane: Thought I'd... tell the whole truth to her family...
Amane: Even if they didn't believe me... even if they blamed me for everything, that'd be fine... but I'd always wanted to give them an apology, at least... so I finally worked up the courage...
Amane: But... Kazuki's house was empty...
Amane: When I asked the neighbors, they told me the parents had divorced a full year before, and it'd been vacant ever since...
Amane: They told me... the family broke apart... because of Kazuki's death in that accident...
Amane: I... destroyed your family... When I thought about that... I got so scared... I couldn't manage to tell you...
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *True enough, Kazuki's death was the catalyst of my parents' divorce.*
Narration: *But what came after... the real disintegration of my family... That was inevitable.*
Narration: *My father's death and my mother's suicide were inescapable, fated events.*
Narration: *Amane had nothing to do with any of that.*
Narration: *And either way, making her into a scapegoat won't change the past.*
Amane: So when I first met you, I decided... since I'd stolen your sister from you... I could at least become a stand-in for Kazuki... That was all I could think of...
Amane: I knew that I couldn't possibly replace Kazuki... I knew it was just a convenient way of escaping my guilt, but... there was nothing else... I could do for you...
Amane: So I told myself... at the very least, I'd go along with anything you asked... become a kind big sister... who'd never say no...
Amane: ...If that meant kissing and all the rest, I didn't care. Even if you asked for much more, I didn't plan to refuse...
Amane: I'd absolutely never complain, no matter what you did to me... When you wanted something from me, I'd give it to you...
Amane: I was ready to give you my virginity from the start. What was any of it worth, anyway? I'd given up on my life itself back then. I'm only breathing because Kazuki took my place...
Amane: Since I'm not your real sister, I thought I'd compensate by doing things she couldn't do for you...
Yuuji: Hold on, Amane... I want to make sure I'm clear on something.
Yuuji: ...In other words, you approached me out of a sense of "responsibility," not any romantic feelings?
Amane: ............
Yuuji: I'm not going to get angry about it at this point. Give me the honest truth...
Amane: ...Honestly speaking... it's not like I hated you, but I wasn't head over heels either. Can't really say I loved you...
Amane: I kind of thought that sleeping with a guy I didn't really love... being a "convenient" woman... would be my penance...
Amane: I knew that was far too light a punishment for surviving, of course...
Amane: But even so, sleeping with you always made me feel a little better...
Amane: Every time you held me... every time I pleasured you... I felt like the sin I carried with me was growing lighter...
Amane: You were just a tool I used to bury my guilt...
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *"A convenient woman like that is obviously too good to be true."*
Narration: *So this is the source of that unease I could never manage to shake. This is why I couldn't get rid of that lingering doubt, always squirming in the back of my mind.*
Narration: *I don't know many women prone to falling in love with virtual strangers. Over time, I'd halfway convinced myself Amane was just a special case... But as I suspected from the start, there was something else behind all that.*
Amane: ...But, you know what...? I'm sure you won't believe a word I have to say at this point, but... I really... did fall in love with you...
Amane: I wanted... a more dramatic "punishment," so I started pushing you into those sex marathons, doing all sorts of extreme things...
Amane: But at some point... before I knew it... being with you, making love to you started to make me really happy...
Amane: That's... no good at all... It's hardly a punishment if I love you...
Amane: All of a sudden... the nightmares, the hallucinations, the voices started coming back... They're all cursing me... "You're taking all the happiness for yourself yet again"...
Amane: I knew I needed a stronger... a much stronger punishment... I knew falling in love with you was wrong of me, but I did it anyway...
Amane: I know... no matter how much I love you, I can't drag you down to where I'm going... I have to go alone... but I still...
Amane: Every night, I told myself "this has to be the last time"... I told myself I'd tell you everything, put an end to this... but still―
Amane: When I woke up the next morning, I'd start thinking "just one more day... I'll break it off tomorrow"... I just kept putting it off over and over...
Amane: ...I was afraid...
Amane: I wanted to tell you "I'm the one who left your sister to die"... I had it on the tip of my tongue so many times, but...
Amane: But if I said that, I knew you'd leave and never come back...
Amane: I thought about you calling me a "cockroach"... looking at me like some kind of monster... asking me "You ate them, didn't you...?" And it scared me so much...
Amane: ...I left Kazuki to die. No matter how much I apologize, she's never coming back...
Amane: But... I'm sorry...
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *So, in other words, uh...*
Narration: *She went in reluctantly, but now she's pretty much enjoying herself...?*
Narration: *...In the first place, why are Amane's romantic feelings the first thing on my mind here?*
Narration: *My sister, my family... all that is just a messy, ugly pain in the ass.*
Narration: *In the end, I think I'm much more concerned about what comes next.*
Narration: *At times like these, the fundamental strategy is to hear out the woman's story and throw in a few vague responses here and there, but I think I may need to say something pretty soon...*
Amane: ...Hey... Yuuji...
Yuuji: Hm? Yes?
Amane: ...Would you... kill me...?
Yuuji: Say what?
Amane: I can't... think of any other suitable punishment. This was the only path I had to forgiveness, and it's ruined now... So I guess... I can't do anything but have you kill me now... I'm sorry...
Yuuji: What the hell are you talking about, woman? Have you gone soft in the head?
Amane: Owwie!!
Yuuji: ...Hmph... you expect me to kill someone who squeals like a piglet over a single chop to the head? Don't make me laugh!
Amane: Auu... I'm sorry...
Yuuji: And that's another thing! Stop it with the damn "I'm sorry," will you? I can't stand that phrase!
Narration: *Those were the final words my mother left for me before her suicide.*
Narration: *Utterly empty, barren words. Words of surrender.*
Narration: *Every time I hear that phrase, I remember myself the way I was. I remember my failure, my inability to act, and my chest throbs painfully.*
Yuuji: First off, don't try to mimic Kazuki, all right? I only had one sister, and she's gone now.
Yuuji: Or what, do you enjoy ripping open my old scars or something? This "I'm sorry" chorus of yours is putting me in a lousy mood!
Amane: ...Uu... auu... I-I'm so...
Yuuji: I'm telling you to stop that, idiot... I mean, weren't you Kazuki's classmate? Didn't she ever tell you not to say "sorry" so damn much?
Amane: ...Ah...
Yuuji: Very well then. Allow me to increase your repertoire of phrases, you mush-brained parrot. Repeat after me: Thank you.
Amane: ...Thank... you...?
Yuuji: Every time you feel a "sorry" crawling up your throat, change it to "thank you" before it gets out of your mouth. That's your punishment.
Yuuji: Don't even think about dropping your apologies on me, arbitrarily deciding you've been forgiven, and flying off into the night! Got that!?
Amane: ...Huh? Uhm... I'm an idiot, so I don't really understand... What do you mean by that...?
Yuuji: You really are a dimwitted woman, you know that? Aah, goddamn it... How am I supposed to explain this...? Christ, I'm just as dimwitted...
Yuuji: Let me think for a while! You're a distraction, woman! Go sit on your heels and reflect on your idiocy! I'm going to get my thoughts together!
Amane: ...On my heels?
Yuuji: Sit!!
Amane: ...W-Woof...!
Yuuji: ...Hmmmm...
Narration: *To be honest, so much just got dumped on me at once that my head can't keep up. What am I supposed to think about all this?*
Narration: *First, there's Amane's past.*
Narration: *Not to put too fine a point on it, but I don't give a shit.*
Narration: *From what I read in the diary, she did nothing wrong.*
Narration: *Kazuki's decision was understandable. I probably would've done the same thing in her place.*
Narration: *If anything, Kazuki's at fault for enjoying that nice heroic death, leaving all the messy, angsty business of surviving to her friend.*
Narration: *...For one thing... I'm still not fully convinced Kazuki would die as easily as that...*
Narration: *But either way, that's not the problem.*
Narration: *The past is the past. Nothing can be done about any of that now.*
Narration: *You can spit out as many what-ifs and if-onlys as you want, but unless you're using them as a reference for next time, it's a meaningless exercise. The only thing that matters now is what we do next.*
Yuuji: Amane! Amane!!
Amane: Y-Yes! What can I do for you!?
Yuuji: All said and done, you love me, yes!? Confirm or deny!
Amane: Ah... yeah... that's right... Sor... Uh, well... thanks...
Yuuji: Hrm... very well! Sit!
Amane: W-Woof...
Narration: *Amane says she loves me.*
Narration: *So how about my own feelings on the matter?*
Narration: *I've thought them over many, many times. I'm pretty damn sure by now.*
Narration: *I love Amane. I'm a bit ashamed to say it, but... on a purely practical basis, I doubt there's another woman in the world as convenient as her.*
Narration: *...Then again... is that really all there is to it...?*
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *As I fold my arms in thought, I find my eyes have come to rest on a beautifully folded work uniform.*
Narration: *My job is pretty rough on the clothes. They snag on thorny bushes, rip against walls, and drag along the ground. More often than not, I come back with a number of holes in my uniform.*
Narration: *It was only a few days ago that I realized those holes were being repaired.*
Narration: *Out on a job, I'd happened to glance at the elbow of my uniform, where a torn seam had been neatly stitched back together.*
Narration: *A colleague, noticing as I stared at the careful needlework, asked "Your wife sew that up for you?" And the words "...Guess so..." slipped out of my mouth.*
Narration: *Startled by my own reply, I thought long and hard about what Amane was to me.*
Narration: *While wearing the clothes she'd mended for me and stuffing my mouth with the lunch she'd packed for me, I pondered the matter.*
Narration: *What about Amane had I fallen in love with, anyway...?*
Narration: *Her looks? True, she was definitely an attractive woman from any angle. The long hair and nice scent didn't hurt either.*
Narration: *Maybe because she was so willing in bed? Another definite plus. Amane never complained, and she was up for anything, any time.*
Narration: *But neither of those had much to do with it, really.*
Narration: *I can't express it too well, but for example... the way she mended my clothes without a word.*
Narration: *And the lunch she always packed for me.*
Narration: *Right. To summarize: she always did so much "for me."*
Narration: *Amane devoted herself to me. For a boring man like me, she did all that without even being asked. And that made me happy. Simple as that.*
Narration: *Even if Amane had been unbelievably ugly, I would've fallen for her.*
Narration: *By the same token... whatever happened in the past, I'm not going to stop loving her.*
Yuuji: ...That feeling... isn't going anywhere, no matter what...
Amane: ...Huh? What?
Yuuji: Nothing. Shut your trap, I'm still thinking.
Amane: ...Okaaay...
Narration: *Still sitting ramrod-straight on her heels, Amane's face droops like a pouting puppy given the command to "wait." Watching her comically forlorn expression, I move on to consider the final problem.*
Narration: *I could simply tell her "You're forgiven!" on the spot, but there's no way that would resolve the issue.*
Narration: *If anything, my forgiveness might well inspire her to go looking for a new "punishment," driving her to erratic, even dangerous behavior.*
Narration: *In that case―*
Yuuji: All right, Amane, the matter's been decided. On your feet.
Amane: Mm... ah... hold on a second... My legs are numb...
Yuuji: Hrm... right then, I'll help you up. Here...
Amane: Ah, yeah... thanks... There we go...
Amane: Okay, so... uhm... what should I...?
Yuuji: I've thought this over pretty carefully, but let me make one thing clear first. I don't intend to take pity on you because of your past.
Amane: ...R-Right...
Yuuji: Everyone has a regret or two. It's a natural part of being alive... That said, I also understand yours is a particularly complicated, painful one.
Yuuji: Telling you "forget it" or "don't worry about it" would be a waste of breath. Remorse that deep isn't just going to stop tormenting you. You might well end up carrying it on your shoulders for the rest of your life.
Yuuji: And this idea that your current good deeds can somehow redeem you for what happened in the past is a load of self-serving crap. You've got no choice but to receive your "punishment" for the rest of your life.
Yuuji: I'm not really old or wise enough to say "that's life" like some sort of authority on the matter... but at the very least, I think I'm better accustomed to living with suffering than you.
Yuuji: Therefore, I will now arrogantly throw my conclusion in your face. Accept it gratefully.
Amane: O-Okay...
Yuuji: You asked me to kill you just now, right?
Amane: Yeah... I did...
Yuuji: Not attached to your life?
Amane: ...If you want to take it... I'll offer it to you...
Yuuji: I see. All right, I accept! From this moment forth, you're going to live the rest of your life for my sake.
Amane: ...Huh?
Yuuji: It's just some crappy life you picked up off the ground in the mountains, right? Can't be worth that much to you. I'll take it off your hands.
Amane: ...B-But...
Yuuji: What now? You have a problem? Too bad. You gave your life to me, so I can do whatever the hell I want with it. You have no right to complain.
Amane: Uhmm... well... so, wait, what? I'd really appreciate a slightly more clear explanation...
Yuuji: Nothing to explain, nothing's really going to change. Just keep doing what you're doing. Live for my sake, devote yourself to me. I'm the king, you're my pet dog. Got it?
Amane: ...Nothing's going to change...? What do you mean?
Yuuji: Do you have a wad of marshmallow fluff for a brain? Fine, I'll put it even more simply and rudely.
Yuuji: Goddamn you! How dare you leave my sister to die!? I'll never forgive you! You're my slave for life! Understood!? If you understand, bark like a dog! You filthy mutt!
Amane: W-Woof!!
Yuuji: Amane... stay with me for the rest of your life. That's your punishment...
Amane: Uhm... wait, so... it's really okay... if I stay with you...?
Yuuji: I just answered this question. Not only "can" you, you're going to. I'll smack you silly if you try to disappear on me. Keep that in mind.
Amane: ...Yuuji...
Yuuji: What now?
Amane: ...'uuziii... *Hic*...
Yuuji: Spit it out already. Also, I'm not a sub-machine gun.
Amane: Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Yuuji: ...Whoops.
Amane: Yuujiiii...!! *Hic*... *Sob*... waaaaahaahh!! Yuujiiii!!
Yuuji: ...You know something...? You always make this ridiculously ugly face when you cry...
Amane: That's teeerribleeee!! At a time like this, let me cry if I want toooo!!
Yuuji: There, there. Okay, this is getting annoying already. I'll allow you five minutes maximum.
Amane: Waaaaah! Yuuji... you're so meaaaan!!
Yuuji: If I was nice, it'd hardly be a punishment...
Narration: *As Amane breaks down into tears, I wrap my arms around her and hug her tightly to my chest.*
Narration: *There's only one way I can save this woman.*
Narration: *And it's not by trying to break the curse of her past.*
Narration: *I'll simply accept everything.*
Narration: *Knowing her past, knowing her trauma, I'll accept it all. I'll provide her with the "punishment" she needs. There's no other way.*
Narration: *Someday, Amane will surely come to understand.*
Narration: *The only person she needs to ask for forgiveness is herself.*
Narration: *Until then, I'll be a burden for her to bear. I'll ease her guilt. I'll be her punishment.*
Narration: *I'll offer her forgiveness. Even if no one else in the world does.*
Narration: *No matter what anyone says, I'll give her absolution.*
Narration: *If I simply stay by her side... someday, her penance will reach its end. I know it will.*
Narration: *The day will surely come when Amane can forgive herself.*
Date: *August 3, 2011, 14:50 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *Even after those revelations, there haven't been any major changes in my life with Amane.*
Narration: *The only real differences that come to mind: Amane's calmed down on the clingy demands for aggressive sex, and I've started to notice subtle shifts in her emotions.*
Narration: *From what Sakaki tells me, this had been going on frequently even before now, but when something "happy" or "fun" happens Amane tends to get a slightly brooding look on her face.*
Narration: *Now that I understand these signs of her self-reproach and guilt for what they are, I admonish her: "You're allowed to smile." Sometimes I outright order her to do so.*
Narration: *And although I know she's still thinking "A cowardly insect like me has no right to be happy," she always manages to give me a sweet, artful smile in response.*
Narration: *Amane once told me I had a "crappy excuse for a smile," and now I understand why she saw through it so easily. She's a far more experienced master of the forced smile.*
Narration: *It might sound like a joke, but it seems that Takizono Private Academy actually had formal lessons on how to push your face into an elegant smile.*
Narration: *Kazuki had always been even worse at smiling than I was... Imagining her desperately trying to contort her face into a friendly simper is absurdly amusing.*
Yuuji: Hey, Amane, tell me something. That smiling lesson or whatever... I assume Kazuki participated in it as well?
Amane: Hmm? Aah, dunno. I was in Class D, so I never had lessons with Kazuki's Class A...
Yuuji: Heh... But seriously, just thinking about it makes you laugh. Kazuki curtsying politely in time to the teacher's piano with a beaming smile on her face? I'd pay money to see that.
Amane: Ahaha! No kidding! But then again, if you actually did see that, I feel like it might be more terrifying than anything else.
Yuuji: Come to think of it, when Kazuki was still a grade-schooler, I did see her practicing her smile once...
Amane: Huh? No way! Kazuki, of all people!?
Yuuji: ...Not sure when this was exactly, but Kazuki came to deliver something I'd forgotten to my classroom. A classmate came up to me afterward and asked me about her...
Yuuji: "Why's your big sister always so cranky?" in this kind of scared little voice.
Yuuji: Of course, I said "That's just normal for her"...
Yuuji: When I returned home, I told Kazuki "One of the kids in my class thinks you're kind of scary."
Yuuji: Guess it was a little bit of a shock, even for her. She started practicing her smile in front of the mirror after her bath. Funny, right?
Amane: ...Sure...
Yuuji: You're allowed to smile yourself, you know? Or even laugh.
Amane: ...Yeah... I know... it's been six years, after all... I understand I should be able to talk about this with a smile by now, but...
Yuuji: Smiling is the duty of those who're left behind... Please try...
Amane: Yeah... but... when I remember Kazuki... it's just...
Yuuji: ...No good, huh...
Amane: Yeah...
Narration: *From reading the contents of Amane's diary, I understand that she worshipped Kazuki like a god.*
Narration: *Odds are, giving her my standard order to "smile" now would only worsen her suffering...*
Narration: *To be honest, the topic of my sister still stings a bit for me as well.*
Narration: *But I guess I've developed my own way of coping with it―*
Yuuji: Amane, tell me something... Do you really believe Kazuki's dead?
Amane: ...Huh? Wait... what do you mean by that...?
Yuuji: Exactly what it sounds like. To be honest, I don't really buy it.
Yuuji: Certainly, she's dead on paper. And they did find something that was thought to be Kazuki's corpse at the site...
Yuuji: But I just can't believe she'd die that easily...
Amane: ...Well, I mean... I don't want to believe it either, but...
Yuuji: I'm going to get into slightly gruesome territory here, all right...?
Amane: Okay...
Yuuji: The corpse of Kazuki they found on the site had been cut to pieces... You know that as well, right...?
Amane: Yeah...
Yuuji: But for some reason, they never found her head. What do you think of that?
Amane: ............
Yuuji: She gave you a hint herself, didn't she?
Yuuji: A long time ago, Kazuki told me about a swindle where careful cutting and pasting makes ten 10,000 yen notes into eleven slightly smaller ones...
Yuuji: And she showed you as similar trick with "eleven" carrots...
Amane: ...Ah...!
Yuuji: Corpses aren't any different. Just as an example, if you happened to have ten of them lying around, you could probably make eleven... don't you think?
Amane: No way... I mean... that's just crazy... people and carrots are very different things, you know...?
Yuuji: Not to Kazuki they aren't.
Amane: Then... what, you're saying she's alive!?
Yuuji: I don't know that... If she is alive, why hasn't she shown herself to us...? It's all a mystery...
Yuuji: But there's one thing I'm confident about. I don't think Kazuki would accept death that easily...
Yuuji: And she always did have a number of... personalities. Characters she'd play... By now, she might well be casually going about her business somewhere as a totally different person... I can't shake that feeling.
Narration: *At the time, thirteen corpses were discovered at the crash site. Many of them had been horribly damaged.*
Narration: *But the numbers matched.*
Narration: *The investigators didn't have any reason to be suspicious, and the corpses were roughly identifiable. There was no point in DNA testing―*
Narration: *Given the dismembered, partially-consumed state of many of the bodies, a few missing "parts" wouldn't have inspired any serious doubts.*
Narration: *And of course, Kazuki's head was never discovered.*
Yuuji: ...When they discovered the corpses, they did investigate the cause of death, but there was no DNA testing performed...
Amane: Kazuki's... alive...?
Yuuji: No, I'm just saying it's possible to think that way. It's not like I have any real evidence...
Amane: But... Kazuki did say "I'm not going to die," and... "We'll definitely meet again someday"... I'm sure she did...
Yuuji: ...Right, but... look, Amane, I'm not seriously trying to push this theory on you... all I meant was, thinking Kazuki might still be alive somewhere might help you find the courage to...
Amane: Aah!!
Yuuji: ...You're not listening to a word I say, are you... Hold on, where're you going all of a sudden!?
Narration: *Apparently remembering something, Amane dashes off as if stung by a whip. I follow her as she flies up the stairs, throws open the door to her room, and begins rummaging around vigorously in her closet.*
Yuuji: ...Hellooo, Amaneee? Amane-san? Anyone home?
Amane: Here! Here it is! Look, look at this!
Yuuji: Hm? What's this...?
Narration: *Pulling out a storage case that had been carefully tucked away in the back of her closet, Amane takes out a sheaf of yellowed memo paper, wrinkled and stained by patches of dried mud.*
Narration: *Even at a glance, I immediately recognize the familiar handwriting lining those pages.*
Yuuji: ...That's Kazuki's writing, isn't it?
Amane: Yeah, that's right... This is the "jungle escape memo" that Kazuki prepared for me...
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *I take the leaves of paper, probably ripped out of a small notepad, from Amane's hand―*
Narration: *First, there's a rough map of the area around the camp, no doubt the product of Kazuki's independent investigations. She also included a number of methods to ascertain direction within the forest, including orientation by the stars.*
Narration: *"If your path ahead seems overly difficult, don't hesitate to take a detour. And when you think your physical strength may be failing you, take a rest. Use the time to discard items from your rucksack, beginning with the heavy and inessential."*
Narration: *"The soil is full of volcanic rock and dense minerals, so the trees' roots are shallow and twisted; also, their access to sunlight is irregular. For these reasons, the direction of their growth won't be a reliable navigational tool."*
Narration: *"Maintaining pressure on your ankles offers some relief from swelling. Wear two sets of socks and pull them to the calf: your lactic acid build-up will be less severe. Just don't expect this to offer much protection against leeches."*
Yuuji: ...Hm... very methodical. That's Kazuki for you...
Amane: Yeah. And here, see? Take a look at this.
Yuuji: Hm? "If you fail to escape," huh...?
Amane: At the end of her note, Kazuki wrote that I should head back to the camp if I couldn't get out of the forest. She drew a map to a spot where she'd buried some emergency rations...
Yuuji: I see... Judging from the fact that she wrote these notes, Kazuki must have known from the start there was a good chance she'd be making you escape alone...
Amane: Yeah... I'm sure Kazuki predicted it would turn out the way it did...
Yuuji: But what made this come to mind all of a sudden?
Amane: Well, okay... this is just a what-if, but... if Kazuki is alive, I think there might be a hint about her whereabouts here...
Yuuji: Here... at the scene of the accident...?
Amane: Yeah, that's right. If she wanted to leave me anything in the end, don't you think she would've buried it with these emergency rations?
Amane: The day after the accident, Kazuki went into the jungle alone with a shovel... I think she must've been digging a hole and burying food she'd gathered from the bus...
Amane: And she'd just disappear out of nowhere every once in a while. I figured she had a tiny bladder or something, but... I think she might've been making regular trips to that hole to hide something...
Yuuji: I see... That sounds like the only realistic possibility of finding any clue that might lead us to Kazuki...
Amane: Yeah... and if she is dead, I think it's where she would've stashed anything she was leaving behind...
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Amane: Hey, Yuuji... Want to go take a look?
Yuuji: Go to the scene...? That seems... I mean, you...
Amane: ...Yeah... you're not wrong. It'll probably be tough... That place is filled with awful memories...
Amane: But I think I need to face that at some point... And... if you come with me, Yuuji... I think I'll probably be all right...
Yuuji: ...I see...
Amane: Well, just think of it as a little date, okay? Sorry, but please do tag along...
Yuuji: ...Yeah, all right...
Date: *August 4, 2011, 07:35*
Narration: *The very next morning, we borrowed the mini-truck from the school, packed the boxed lunches Amane made, and readied ourselves to set off for the scene of the accident.*
Narration: *At first, we planned to go by train, but the nearest station turned out to be more than ten kilometers away from the mountain. Driving's far more convenient.*
Narration: *The plan's to make our way to the site, park in the lot at the foot of the mountain, and walk from there. But fortunately―*
Narration: *There's apparently been a memorial erected on the site of the crash, which means a path up the mountain was created as well. We shouldn't have to worry about getting lost.*
Narration: *When we first decided on this trip, I'd imagined a grueling, dangerous hike through the woods, but it turns out the memorial is only 2.8 kilometers from the parking lot at the foot of the mountain.*
Narration: *We don't need any particularly elaborate plans for the walk itself, but on an emotional level, some preparations are still necessary.*
Amane: ...Okay, I'm going to go buy flowers and incense for the offering. You can just wait here for a little bit.
Yuuji: Yeah, got it...
Narration: *Parking the mini-truck near the Mishima Cape train station, Amane slowly lowers herself out of the driver's seat. Not that it's any surprise, but she seems a little awkward and subdued.*
Narration: *Watching Amane walk off with purse in hand, dragging her feet like an exhausted office worker heading off to buy her low-calorie lunch, I heave a little sigh.*
Yuuji: ...Haaa...
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, it's not like I seriously believe Kazuki's alive.*
Narration: *I'm sure it's the same for Amane.*
Narration: *If anything, this visit to the scene of her ordeal has more to do with Amane facing her own memories head-on. I don't think this secret stash of Kazuki's is particularly meaningful.*
Narration: *My hopes aren't exactly high for some sort of "clue." I'm just praying we don't end up digging up something unpleasant.*
Narration: *If Kazuki left her last will and testament or something in that hole, Amane might come out of this bearing even deeper wounds than before.*
Narration: *Even so, it's been six years since the accident.*
Narration: *After all that time, Amane's finally gained the courage to return. That feels like a significant change. Maybe she'll be able to start coming to terms with what happened... Maybe her burden will grow a little lighter.*
Narration: *The point of visiting a grave is to bring comfort to those left behind. That's a firm belief of mine.*
Narration: *...I might have been a little too lost in thought. I didn't notice the man approaching until he was standing immediately behind me.*
???: ...Kazami... Yuuji-san, I believe?
Yuuji: ...Yes...?
Narration: *The man seemed to pop out of nowhere. Concealing my surprise, I turn slowly to face him.*
Narration: *"Did he... just call me by name...?"*
Narration: *I'm not famous enough to be recognized by random strangers on the street... I carefully observe his face, then look over his clothing from head to toe with a single sweep of my eyes.*
Narration: *A man with a light build, most likely in his mid-forties. I don't recognize the face. Even though it's the middle of summer, he's wearing a windbreaker jacket, as though headed out on a fishing trip―*
Narration: *He's got a hunting cap on top of his noticeably graying hair, and a beat-up old pair of long boots on his feet.*
Narration: *On the whole, he leaves a pretty shabby impression. But the cologne he's wearing isn't cheap, and the glasses on his face are a first-class name brand.*
Narration: *I don't remember him as a local shop-owner or anything, but if he's just some tourist come to fish in the sea, it makes no sense that he'd know my name.*
Yuuji: ...Excuse me, but... who are you?
???: Whoops... that's right. My apologies. My name is Sakashita. I'm a big fan of Amane-san's...
Yuuji: Amane's...?
Sakashita: Recently... well, you see... I happened to overhear that she'd gotten herself a boyfriend, yes...? I've been thinking it might be nice to say hello...
Yuuji: You came here just to meet me?
Sakashita: Haha... no, no, no. It's pure coincidence that I ran across you today, of course.
Sakashita: I simply happened to see you together with Amane-san, you see? The sight made me oddly happy, and I just couldn't help approaching you, that's all. Yes, indeed.
Yuuji: ...Is that so...?
Narration: *"That's a load of crap..."*
Narration: *The story's dubious enough, but my intuition's telling me there's something insincere about the man.*
Narration: *For one thing, he's forcing his face into a smile by jerking up the edges of his mouth. For another, his eyes are dark and cold. And there's a strange, superficial gleam floating on the surface... They resemble two deep wells of oil.*
Narration: *The man stinks. His body odor's normal enough, but something about him stinks.*
Narration: *It's a familiar, unpleasant "smell" that makes the back of my nose tingle ominously.*
Narration: *The scent of bloodlust, tinged with madness.*
Yuuji: ...Pardon me, but... what do you do for a living...?
Sakashita: Aah... haha... well, given my appearance, I guess it's understandable that you wouldn't be able to guess...
Sakashita: Well, as a matter of fact, I was the director of an IT company until very recently... but unfortunately, I happened to lose my purpose in life, you see...
Sakashita: My job started to seem rather ridiculous, I suppose... I'm rather embarrassed to admit it, but as you can probably gather, I'm currently unemployed...
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *"...Who is he...?"*
Narration: *At the very least, he doesn't seem to be involved in my line of work. The face isn't familiar, but more importantly, he holds himself far too loosely for a pro.*
Narration: *Even the Langley suits who spend most of their time behind desks project a little more menace than this.*
Sakashita: And so, you see... when my company finally folded, I gained something of a new perspective on things... My mind had been utterly blank for so long, but all of a sudden I found something like an objective...
Sakashita: Haha... an "objective" might be a bit grandiose, I suppose...How can I put this... I realized... "Aah, I still have things left to do," you see...
Yuuji: ...Are you feeling all right...?
Sakashita: Hmm? Whatever do you mean...?
Sakashita: Aah, I see... Are you pressed for time? I've got quite a lot on my hands, personally... but I suppose it must have been rather dull, hearing my little story out of nowhere... I do apologize...
Yuuji: ...Not at all...
Sakashita: Well then, I'll take my leave now... Do forgive me for boring you with my nonsense...
Yuuji: ...Ah...
Narration: *The man abruptly turns around and walks right off, his small, hunched back unsteadily swaying back and forth.*
Narration: *I watch him as he goes, but all of a sudden he seems to have disappeared into thin air.*
Yuuji: ...What the...?
Narration: *The sound of his footsteps, the faint smell of his cologne, the sight of his hunting cap weaving forward... I can't pick up any trace of the man.*
Narration: *He's melted into the low buzz of the station streets as if he was never here in the first place.*
Yuuji: ...Wasn't a ghost, was he...?
Narration: *Of course, I don't really believe in any such thing, but that sudden appearance and equally abrupt exit were about as "ghostly" as it gets.*
Amane: Sorry it took so long...
Yuuji: ............
Amane: Hm? What? Something wrong...?
Yuuji: ...No, it's nothing... This weird old man just struck up a conversation, that's all...
Amane: A weird old man? Who was he?
Yuuji: Don't know. Kind of a creepy one, though...
Narration: *There's no doubt in my mind he's an amateur.*
Narration: *But I can't get over the gleam of madness in those eyes.*
Narration: *I've seen that gleam before.*
Narration: *Those are the eyes of a man who's thrown away everything...*
Narration: *The eyes of a man who's fixated himself on one goal, abandoning all for the sake of his country, comrades, or family. The crazed eyes of a fanatic.*
Yuuji: Amane, he called himself your "fan"... Anyone come to mind?
Amane: Huh? Aah... uhh, well... not that I'm really proud of it, but I guess I'm pretty popular with middle-aged guys... But seriously, what? I wonder who he was...?
Yuuji: ...I have a bad feeling about this...
Amane: Huh? Why? Was he that weird?
Yuuji: ...It was like talking to a grim reaper in human form... I've got this sickening tingle in my chest...
Amane: Wait, hold on... Are you okay...?
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *...I've experienced something like this before.*
Narration: *I don't know when, exactly. Probably in early childhood.*
Narration: *It's a vague memory that my mind doesn't want to remember too clearly.*
Narration: *A dark, unpleasant memory, locked away for many years, suddenly oozes out from a crack in the wall.*
Yuuji: ...The old man, huh...?
Narration: *I close my eyes slowly as the sensation of cold perspiration grows in my armpits.*
Narration: *Trickles of salty sweat roll down my forehead and over my closed eyelids.*
Narration: *My hands are clenched tightly into clammy fists. It takes conscious effort to keep my knees from trembling.*
Narration: *It's been a while since I remembered. A while since something triggered this psychological trauma.*
Amane: ...Yuuji...? Seriously, are you all right...? You're sweating like crazy...
Yuuji: Yeah... I'm fine...
Amane: ...What do you want to do? Should we call it off for today and head back...?
Yuuji: No... you've finally managed to make up your mind to do this. Let's go...
Narration: *The madness I sensed in that man...*
Narration: *Was it just a figment of my imagination...?*
Narration: *Did the scent of that cologne revive buried memories of my father in my unconscious mind, leading me into a paranoid post-traumatic delusion...?*
Narration: *Whatever the case... at the moment, I just want to put as much distance between me and him as possible.*
Narration: *―Our destination's about two and a half hours away from Mishima Cape by highway.*
Narration: *While I'll admit to a little unease at letting Amane take the wheel, it'd be difficult to complain, given her obvious technical skill as a driver.*
Narration: *The mini-truck accelerates smoothly as we pull into the fast lane, its four cylinder engine purring.*
Amane: ...Ah crap, is the tire pressure a little low...? Our rear swerved a bit when we went over those tracks...
Yuuji: Well, yeah, since we don't have a load in the back...
Amane: What do you think? Should we stop at the next service area and get some more air in the tires?
Yuuji: Hardly necessary. Any more pressure and it'll ride rough once we're off the highway. Just turn the wheel into the sway and keep our weight evenly distributed. Focus on directing the rear driver-side tire and we shouldn't fishtail.
Amane: Hm... maybe a little light acceleration? Like this?
Yuuji: Right, like you're gently turning onto an exit.
Amane: Aah, I see... Just like driving on a snowy road... Even distribution of contact pressure, huh? Sort of like a human torque splitter?
Yuuji: You've lost me now. In any case, all I'm saying is... we've got four tires on this thing, so make good use of them all.
Amane: Easy for you to say... I know I make driving look easy, but that's actually really tricky, you know?
Yuuji: I do. But I also know what you can do. I wouldn't have said that to just anybody.
Amane: ...Heheh...
Yuuji: What...?
Amane: You really are Kazuki's brother, aren't you...
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
Amane: Hmm... well, I can't really put it too well, but you two are definitely alike somehow...
Yuuji: ...Can't deny it... In a lot of ways, Kazuki raised me more than my parents did...
Amane: Right...
Yuuji: Don't get so transparently depressed at every little thing I say, will you? I don't want to tiptoe around trying to be "tactful." It's a pain in the ass.
Amane: Ahaha, you don't mince words...
Yuuji: Kazuki isn't as delicate a subject for me as you seem to think. Not that I can completely laugh it off, but there's no need to get gravely serious every time I mention her name.
Yuuji: And for what it's worth, I'm not trying to torture you about her death either.
Amane: ...But...
Yuuji: Yeah, I know. When you want me to bully you, just say the word. I'll play along unless I have something better to do with my time.
Amane: Ahaha. That nasty way of talking really does remind me of her...
Yuuji: Hmph... don't laugh at me, woman.
Narration: *This is as much as I can do.*
Narration: *I push and pull Amane around, keep her hands so full that she doesn't even have the time to get depressed―*
Narration: *And in her darkest moments, I scold her outright: "You've got a responsibility to live for my sake. I won't allow you to run away from it."*
Narration: *That's all I can do for her, but I believe it'll be enough. I believe she'll be saved someday. I have to believe that.*
Narration: *But for now, Amane still recoils from happiness, sinking into strong depression at the best of times.*
Narration: *If the weight grows too heavy for her to bear, she tugs on my sleeve so that no one else can see, then whispers into my ear. Always the same words:*
Narration: *"Hey, bully me... I need my "punishment" for the day... Please..."*
Narration: *Tormented and teased, she finds the peace of mind that eludes her in moments of gentle kindness.*
Narration: *I've accepted Amane and that strange, contradictory jumble of emotions, just as she's accepted me. We'll work through them together from now on.*
Narration: *I don't know how many years that will take.*
Narration: *If things go badly, Amane might be like this for the rest of her life.*
Narration: *But as long as I'm able to tag along, I will―*
Yuuji: ...Heh...
Amane: Huh? What? Remember something funny?
Yuuji: No... just kind of amused at myself, thinking seriously about the "future" and all that...
Amane: What the heck? Everyone thinks about the future every once in a while, don't they?
Yuuji: I guess so... Everyone does, don't they...
Narration: *Sooner or later, everything that lives reaches the same "future."*
Narration: *In other words, death.*
Narration: *I've imagined mine a number of times.*
Narration: *No, "imagined" might not be the right word. I've brushed against a very real possibility of death a number of times, implanting the awareness that "I might well lose my life this way" in my mind.*
Narration: *And in those visions, I always died alone. Without exception.*
Narration: *I leave the world with all the dignity of a stray dog in a ditch. No one grieves; no one gets a phone call. My corpse is disposed of in a businesslike manner, and that's that. That's how I'd always seen it playing out.*
Narration: *For a long time, I scraped my way through life, unable to consider even my own path. And now I'm seriously thinking about the future for the sake of a single woman. If that's not laughable, what is?*
Amane: So... what do you have planned for the future, Yuuji?
Yuuji: ...That's an amazingly vague question... What are you asking me, specifically?
Amane: Well... c'mon... uhm... you said you'd stay with me for the rest of my life, right...?
Yuuji: Ah, I get it. You want me to propose?
Amane: Yes. Well, sure, I do. But here's thing, Yuuji. When we head back to the dorm later, I think you ought to look up the word "delicacy" in the dictionary, okay?
Yuuji: Of course, I'm thinking about marriage as well...
Yuuji: But since I've been living pretty selfishly and irresponsibly up until now, it's honestly kind of difficult to even imagine...
Narration: *I've never lived the sort of life I could tell others about with pride.*
Narration: *I'm pretty sure... the idea of leaving any trace of my passing through this world has always repelled me.*
Narration: *I didn't want to get married, much less have kids. I didn't want to take on anything that would be left behind after my death. Same reason I've never owned more property than I can carry on my back.*
Narration: *But I'm starting to think that, for Amane's sake, I'd be willing to throw that "lightness" away.*
Narration: *If so, I run smack into a logistical problem.*
Narration: *Of course, I'm referring to my "job."*
Yuuji: Amane, the truth is... I'm currently at something of a loss...
Yuuji: After another 1.5 years at my job, my field term's up. Should I renew my contract, spend a year as an instructor while sitting exams, and aim for promotion? Or should I resign, become a permanent reserve, and look for other work...?
Yuuji: Which would you prefer?
Amane: ...Uh, that's quite the question out of nowhere... How are they different?
Yuuji: The biggest difference would be in the level of danger... If I renew my contract and get promoted, my risk will go way down, but that also means my total salary will drop sharply...
Yuuji: Whereas if I become a reserve member, I'll be able to take on a day job, so my earnings depend on my abilities. But when called back for emergency service, my jobs won't be any less dangerous than they are now...
Amane: In that case, I vote for the safer alternative.
Yuuji: But, you know... even if I renew the contract, it's going to be difficult for me to move up the ranks, since I didn't attend a specialized school.
Yuuji: It'd probably take me ten years to make Assistant Section Chief, and getting any further would be even harder... "Impossible" wouldn't be far off...
Yuuji: My base salary today is 187,300 yen a month... promoted, 233,600... Even if I work until retirement age, maybe 449,100... It's not impossible to get by on when you add in the benefits and bonuses, but...
Amane: ...Huh? Your future salary's already decided?
Yuuji: Right. Our company's got a "pay scale," so the salary corresponding to every rank is clearly defined.
Amane: But... you'd be able to stop the dangerous work, right?
Yuuji: For the moment, at least. But that's also dependent on circumstances... If an emergency develops and some bigshot says "protect me even if it costs your life," I wouldn't be able to disobey...
Amane: ...You can't just say no...?
Yuuji: Well, you can try... but when your superiors say "Volunteers step forward!" hanging back isn't really an option. When you get right down to it, that's what they're paying us for...
Amane: Oh, I see...
Yuuji: But then again, if I die on the job as a formal employee, there'd apparently be a hundred million yen payment to my family.
Amane: Okay, but you're still dead...
Yuuji: If I become a permanent reserve instead, I'll still be called up for emergencies. But operating under the table, I can work a little more flexibly. I'd be able to play dirty behind the scenes without anyone complaining.
Yuuji: I might be able to pull through serious crises through skill and craftiness. Not an option for a normal "employee."
Amane: So which is safer, when you get down to it?
Yuuji: As long as there aren't any dramatic upheavals in the world, renewing the contract and becoming a regular employee carries less risk. But in the case of a large-scale emergency, being a reserve would be comparatively safer.
Amane: ...Kind of a subtle difference... What do you want to do, Yuuji?
Yuuji: All things considered, I'd want to become a permanent reserve and look for another job.
Yuuji: If we get married and start a family, I want to be able to tell my kid what Daddy's job is.
Amane: Whoa... you're thinking that far ahead?
Yuuji: Don't sound so surprised. Just whose fault do you think that is? A little while ago, I wasn't thinking more than a day or two ahead at most.
Amane: Eheheh... that's a good thing, right?
Yuuji: Probably, yeah...
Amane: I don't mind going along with whatever you decide, Yuuji. If you do renew your contract and take the lower salary, I can always get a job myself. But if you want to look for something else, that's fine too.
Yuuji: ...Even on permanent reserve, they're going to keep me on a short leash for five years. I'd need to apply in advance to move into a new home or travel abroad... and I won't be free to pick any job I want, either...
Amane: But you still want to try and find something else, right? Don't worry. If you can't get a job, we can just become a long-haul truck driver team or something.
Yuuji: Would you seriously be okay with that...?
Amane: It's all good, right? I love driving anything with tires, personally. Might be a better fit for us than you might think.
Yuuji: Hrm... well, come to think of it... I do have a lead on a job, I guess...
Yuuji: Not that anything's been settled yet, but... the principal floated the idea of taking me on at Mihama...
Amane: What!? So, wait, you're going to become a teacher!?
Yuuji: Nothing's decided yet.
Amane: Huh? But... what subject would you teach? Ah, that's right! We don't have a PE teacher, do we? So you're going to teach gym class, then!?
Yuuji: Like I keep trying to tell you, nothing's decided yet...
Amane: Aah, but that sounds really good to me, you know? Not to put the cart before the horse, but "Daddy's a teacher" would be super easy to understand, don't you think?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, guess so...
Amane: Anyway... marriage, huh...?
Yuuji: I was planning to introduce myself to your family pretty soon, but marriage would be a ways off yet. Have to get a job first, at the very least.
Amane: Yeah, yeah, right. But still, I'm kinda happy, you know...? Sort of feels like I've got some optimism about the future all of a sudden...
Yuuji: That's a good thing...
Narration: *"Optimism" if you put it nicely. "Wishful thinking" if you don't. I think it was Kazuki who told me they're both manifestations of a psychological self-defense mechanism that keeps us from committing suicide...*
Narration: *But whichever this is, I'll take it. I don't think daydreams and theoretical scenarios are going to save Amane, but it's not a bad place to start.*
Date: *August 4, 2011, 10:12*
Narration: *We arrived at the parking lot beside the mountain a little after ten, slightly behind schedule.*
Narration: *Since we didn't know where the trail up the mountain began, we stopped into a diner and asked around. But apparently, the crash site has become somewhat popular among local kids as a "haunted" spot―*
Narration: *So the answer we received was "What, you too?" and a judgmental glare.*
Narration: *After we explained that I'm a bereaved family member, they finally pointed us toward the unmarked entrance. The utterly deserted path up the mountain had a gentler incline than I'd expected.*
Narration: *The locals rarely set foot in here, and the trickle of visitors has slowed over the years, so the trail's neglected and overgrown. By now, it's been halfway reclaimed by the primeval forest.*
Narration: *Not too far beyond this tangled jungle, we'd glimpsed a private golf club with neatly manicured grounds, but―*
Narration: *On this hike, our scenery consists of bristly waist-high grasses swaying in the breeze, trees sticking out of the harsh soil at odd angles, and the slanting, rocky path ahead.*
Narration: *That surprisingly gentle incline didn't last long, either. Ten minutes into the forest, the slope quickly grew intense. Thanks to the vigorous exercise and high humidity, my back's quickly soaked in unpleasant sweat.*
Narration: *Noticing that Amane's begun to lag behind, I come to a halt and turn around to face her.*
Yuuji: ...You all right, Amane?
Amane: Mm... I'm fine. It's a lot easier to walk than it was back then...
Narration: *The path's fairly wide. Probably cut through the forest with the installation of the memorial stone in mind. But even so, now and again we run into steep stretches of rock that we're forced to scramble up on hands and knees.*
Narration: *Since we're not pushing through thick grasses as we go, it must be significantly better than it was for Amane back then, but it's decidedly not an easy stroll.*
Amane: If this road... had been around back then...
Narration: *No use saying that now, of course. Deciding to interpret Amane's words as a monologue, I turn without comment and once again push forward on the rough mountain path.*
Narration: *The further we advance, the twistier the road grows, the more frequent and severe its ups and downs. Just as an experiment, I take out my M2 compass and open the lid. At a glance, the magnetic needle seems to be pointing north.*
Narration: *Maybe dry compasses are harder to influence? But having finished sighting, I lower the compass to chest-level, and the needle immediately begins to shake.*
Narration: *And when I place the compass on the ground itself as a test, the needle swings dramatically and fixes itself in a completely impossible direction.*
Narration: *I take out my phone and flip on the GPS, as if to say "Well, how about this?" But while the latitude and longitude display accurately, the mapping gets me nothing but a "no signal" message.*
Narration: *"I see... This is rough..."*
Narration: *I'm standing on a well-defined trail right now, so I don't feel any anxiety, but a quick visual survey of the surrounding area reveals nothing else that could serve as a landmark.*
Narration: *Without this path, glancing over your shoulder for a moment would probably be enough to completely throw off your orientation.*
Narration: *Where a powerful blizzard may create a temporary "whiteout," a jungle this dense produces a permanent "greenout."*
Narration: *We've spent maybe three hours now hiking up the mountain.*
Narration: *It's been thirty minutes since our third short breather. I'm just about to suggest taking our second longer rest when I notice that Amane's grown extremely quiet. The look in her eyes suggests that we've reached familiar scenery.*
Amane: ...It's probably... over here...
Narration: *Letting Amane take point, I follow a little ways behind. Before long, we arrive in a gaping, rocky ravine, surrounded on all sides by overhanging trees.*
Amane: ...This area... hasn't changed much since then...
Narration: *The rusted, ruined bus is still lying where it fell six years ago. Most likely, it was simply impossible to remove it from this place.*
Amane: ...I see. If we went in that direction, we could have made it to the road in just three hours or so, huh...?
Yuuji: If you had a trail leading right to it...
Narration: *Even when aiming directly for a clear landmark, it's often impossible to keep yourself travelling in a straight line through a dense forest. You take so many detours to avoid obstacles that your direction will eventually be thrown off.*
Narration: *In my company, new employees receive compass-based navigation instruction as part of their final training.*
Narration: *After mastering basic compass operation, the final part of this little course involves throwing the newbies into a dense jungle with only a rough, handwritten map, and absurdly demanding they find their way to a specific point.*
Narration: *Given a halfway adequate path, it wouldn't even be a challenging hike, but in a primeval forest without even animal trails it's no joke.*
Narration: *In the end, the majority lose their way and give up. And these are adults who've just spent a number of days learning how to orient themselves under difficult conditions.*
Narration: *In some cases, they'll spend a good four hours or so hiking through the woods with the crude map in one hand, only to find themselves back where they started, the instructor sneering "What's wrong? Forget something?"*
Yuuji: If anything, you did a hell of a job finding your way out of this place at all...
Amane: Well... I think it had as much to do with luck as anything else, really... I was never really confident about the direction I was heading...
Amane: But still... I believed that I'd survive as long as I did just what Kazuki told me, so...
Narration: *As she spoke, Amane's downcast eyes fixed on the dignified, striking granite cenotaph standing before us.*
Narration: *It seems to have been a while since the last visitor. The flowers placed before the monument are thoroughly withered, and the offerings of drinks and cakes have clearly been battered by the elements.*
Narration: *After cleaning them away, Amane silently places the bouquet and snacks she bought in Mishima Cape on the table set up for offerings, then sets up and lights her incense sticks.*
Amane: Everyone... I really took my time coming to see you... I'm sorry...
Narration: *Crouching down in front of the stone, Amane shuts her eyes and brings her hands together.*
Narration: *To be honest... I'm still scared of you guys...*
Narration: *But I can't just... run away forever... so I'm going to stop now...*
Narration: *I don't know what happened to you all... after I ran away... but I'm sure it couldn't have been a pleasant death...*
Narration: *You all died... but I crawled away and survived... I won't ask you to forgive me for that... Just thinking about it is shameless of me... I know that much...*
Narration: *And that's why... I won't apologize any more...*
Narration: *Instead... from now on, I'll offer you my thanks...*
Narration: *Thank you... everyone...*
Narration: *Amane's praying with an earnest, intent look on her face, but I can't think of anything to say to the monument.*
Narration: *It's just a stone, in the end. I know Kazuki's not in there... but it's not that I'm stubbornly clinging to that cold realism. I simply can't find the words to speak to my sister.*
Narration: *I've never been able to handle this sort of thing very well. Years ago, when my American "classmate" Daniel Vaughn died on the job and I rushed over to his funeral, it was the same...*
Narration: *Staring at Danny's coffin wrapped up in the stars and stripes, I found myself at a loss.*
Narration: *"Hey Danny, you're kidding, right...?"*
Narration: *The 1st Marines' iron man couldn't possibly have died, right...?*
Narration: *You're just going to pop up out of that thing and yell "Hey Shorty, somethin' wrong?" with that shiteating grin on your face, right? Stop with the crappy jokes, Danny...*
Narration: *Those were the only words that popped into my head.*
Narration: *―No words can reach the dead.*
Narration: *If you want to talk about something, talk about the reason they're gone.*
Narration: *No matter how we feel about the matter, people die all too easily when the circumstances demand it.*
Narration: *Seeking the "reason" for the death of Kazuki and the others, I once asked JB for copies of the investigation reports. Years ago now.*
Narration: *Unexpectedly, the documents indicated most had died of acute digestive diseases. Specifically, orally transmitted infections, mainly colitis and hepatitis.*
Narration: *The investigators conjectured the group had died in rapid succession perhaps 2-4 days after symptoms first emerged. The source of the infections was almost certainly the "bushmeat" they'd added to their diet.*
Narration: *Was the origin of their illness the dog they'd eaten after its death from sickness...? Or perhaps...*
Amane: ...I wonder who it was... that cut everyone to pieces like that...?
Yuuji: Hm? Right...
Narration: *Yes, the corpses discovered in this place had all been severely mutilated, with the lone exception of Yoshihiko Ochi, the club's advisor.*
Narration: *That disturbing scene dominated coverage of the accident, overwhelming the truth through sheer spectacle. The phrase "dismemberment murders" took on a life of its own―*
Narration: *Ultimately leading to public suspicion that the sole survivor might've been the criminal responsible for leaving those gruesome corpses behind.*
Narration: *But take a halfway serious look at the results of the investigation, and you'd see the autopsies suggested the bodies had been cut apart only after death―*
Narration: *And since Amane had escaped from the valley before the estimated times of death for most of the corpses, it was simple enough to surmise she couldn't be responsible for their mutilation.*
Narration: *There were plenty of whispers and Internet rumors suggesting that Amane must've deceived the investigators about the timing of her escape―*
Narration: *But in any event, this was received by the authorities as the speculation it was, and the potential case against her was never pursued for insufficient evidence.*
Narration: *The next target of the buzzards' innuendo and slander was Yoshihiko Ochi, recorded in the report as the only corpse among the thirteen discovered intact.*
Narration: *After all, a "mass murder of female students by their own teacher" was an even more attractive storyline for the classless scum of the world.*
Narration: *Since it had a stronger tinge of scandal than the alternative, the media leapt onto this new theory with all the enthusiasm of a dog thrown red meat, adding in insinuations of sexual assault toward his pupils just for spice―*
Narration: *With their slander, they tore apart Ochi's starved, pitiful corpse far more cruelly than any knife could have.*
Narration: *In consideration of the extreme extenuating circumstances, no posthumous charges were ever filed against Ochi. But much like the lone surviving girl, society presumed him guilty.*
Narration: *Very quickly, the name Yoshihiko Ochi became infamous throughout Japan: the young teacher who had committed a mortal sin that no circumstances could "extenuate." Apparently, his only surviving relative was the single-mother who had raised him.*
Narration: *He had been his mother's one and only child, finally gifted to her after passing forty. And after the details emerged, everyone around her offered their consolation for this loss by shunning her as the woman who birthed a "demon."*
Narration: *Hiding as best she could from the public eye, she scraped out a miserable existence. She had a grave built for her son, but it was cruelly vandalized again and again; on shopping trips, young children shrieked "demon hag" to her face.*
Narration: *In the end, worn down by the stones and arrows of her neighbors, she died a solitary death in the tiny single-room apartment that had been her final refuge.*
Yuuji: Who cut them up isn't the problem. To keep history from repeating itself, the only thing that matters is understanding why...
Amane: But I guess that's not... going to entertain anyone, is it...
Yuuji: ...The hell's wrong with this country, anyway...?
Narration: *Maybe I don't have the right to complain, as someone who was born and raised in Japan and never tried to change a thing about it, but I've also seen this country from an "outside" perspective. And it routinely makes me sigh in disgust.*
Narration: *Wherever you go, people are fundamentally no better than they are anywhere else. I know that rationally, and I've experienced this many times, but it always brings on a nauseating surge of bitterness.*
Narration: *I'm fully prepared to die the unappreciated death of a stray dog, but every time I feel this familiar wave of disappointment, I can't help but wonder what I've been crawling through the mud to fight for. It makes me want to vomit.*
Yuuji: ...Amane... are you done yet...? I'm starting to feel a little sick to my stomach...
Amane: Yep... Thanks, I appreciate you coming along. Are you all right?
Yuuji: Yeah... but I don't want to hang around this place longer than necessary. Let's dig up whatever Kazuki buried and get out of here...
Amane: Sure... but I wonder what she left in there...? To be honest, I'm a little scared to look...
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *Reasonable enough. There's no telling what's going to come out of that hole.*
Narration: *Even Kazuki's last will and testament might not be so bad, on the scale of possibilities.*
Narration: *Considering the circumstances back then... if by any chance, we were to dig up her decapitated head...*
Narration: *Even understanding that the idea's absurd, I learned a long time ago not to put anything past Kazuki. Even the physically impossible.*
Yuuji: ...Kazuki, huh...?
Narration: *For a long time, I'd almost never spoken my sister's name, but lately it's been different.*
Narration: *On the black cenotaph, presumably built by the families of the victims, that name is listed with all the others.*
Narration: *The names of the thirteen who died in this place.*
Narration: *"Kaneda Saaya" "Komori Megumi" "Hirooka Tamaki" "Sakurai Mifuyu" "Shikanai Tsukasa" "Ozawa Youko" "Okabe Tomoe" "Sakuma Minori" "Ibuki Haruna" "Kazami Kazuki" "Ochi Yoshihiko" "Koide Ritsu" "Sakashita Chiaki"*
Narration: *As I run my eyes across the list engraved into the smooth stone, something catches my attention.*
Yuuji: Sakashita... Chiaki...?
Narration: *"That name... hold on..."*
Sakashita: Whoops... that's right. My apologies. My name is Sakashita. I'm a big fan of Amane-san's...
Yuuji: Could it be... a coincidence? No, that's...
Amane: ...Yuuji? What's wrong? Are you feeling sick...?
Yuuji: Quiet!!
Narration: *...What is this? There's something unpleasant in the air...*
Narration: *It's too quiet. Not even a bird singing.*
Narration: *As the trees rustle in the wind, I finally pick up the "scent" of a familiar, menacing presence. My breath catches in my throat.*
Narration: *In an open, rocky clearing with little in the way of shelter―  I've caught the murderous scent of an "enemy."*
Yuuji: Amane!! Get down!!
Amane: ...Huh? Kyaaa!!
Narration: *Reacting instantly, I leap to push Amane aside, shielding her with my body. But before we hit the ground, there's a violent thrust against my right shoulder from behind.*
Yuuji: ...Gah...!
Narration: *In the next split-second, the shattering sound of a gunshot rings off the cliffs and soaks into the trees above, rattling my eardrums.*
Narration: *The next thing I hear is a dull thump. By the time I realize it was the sound of my head striking a rock on the ground, my consciousness is already sinking into profound darkness.*

Amane: Yuuji!!
Sakashita: ...Haha, what a surprise. To think he'd notice... The man has the intuition of a wild animal...
Amane: ...Who are... What do you think you're...!?
Sakashita: Yes, yes. Hello there, Suou Amane-san. I believe this would be our first meeting? Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Sakashita Keiji. Chiaki's father.
Sakashita: I'm very glad to find you in such excellent health, Amane-san... Yes indeed...
Amane: ...Captain... Sakashita's...
Sakashita: Yes, that's right. I'm the father of the girl you left to die... No, the girl you killed.
Sakashita: Aah... poor, poor Chiaki... Why did it have to come to this...? If that was fate... it was far, far too cruel... It's enough to make you curse God...
Sakashita: But, you know... how can I put this, exactly? God, or what-have you... when you get down to it, that's basically an abstract concept born from human weakness... right? Hardly satisfying, cursing something that doesn't really exist...
Sakashita: And so, well... the way I see it... a man needs something a little more concrete and real... a target you can touch with your own hands... You know what I mean?
Yuuji: ...Ug... ghh!
Amane: Yuuji!!
Sakashita: Don't moveeeee! You little idiot! I'm in the middle of my damn story, all right!? Pay attention! ...Okay?
Sakashita: Kids these days! Never think about anything but themselves... Hopeless trash, the whole lot of them! Am I right? Well?
Sakashita: Aah... for crying out loud... Unbelievable, every last one of them... Goddamn it, now I need to reload! Don't move, you got that!?
Yuuji: ...Ghh... shit...
Amane: Yuuji...
Yuuji: Yeah... I'm all right...
Narration: *Although I reflexively offered reassurance, fact of the matter is, nothing about this situation is remotely "all right."*
Narration: *All well and good that I sensed that sharp murderous aura in time to pull Amane down, but I didn't manage to completely escape the widely scattered buckshot pellets. It felt as though an enormous stone had smashed into my right shoulder.*
Narration: *The blood flowing from my wound quickly grows cold against my back, gluing my shirt to my body. But considering the amount of blood, the flow doesn't seem that intense. I've probably got a number of small pellets lodged in my shoulder.*
Narration: *The wound's not going to prove fatal in the short term, but when I try to pull myself up off the ground, my back screams with pain.*
Narration: *I try to find a less painful way to move, twisting my body like a caterpillar, but it's wasted effort. That first huge stab of pain has all but paralyzed my body; keeping still is about the only way I'm able to maintain my composure.*
Sakashita: ...All right, let's discuss my daughter...
Narration: *Having finished reloading shells into his break-action vertical double-barrelled shotgun, Sakashita mumbles these words to himself in an oddly calm tone of voice, staring up into space.*
Narration: *Observing his suddenly placid behavior, my throbbing heartbeat slowly begins to settle down. At the very least, it seems he doesn't intend to kill us immediately.*
Amane: ............
Narration: *Sending Amane a small signal to "Wait for now" with a flick of my eyes, I quietly settle back to watch and wait.*
Sakashita: ...Chiaki was... my only child, born to me at thirty... A daughter I produced at great pains with a wife I didn't love... A woman I'd married at my parents' recommendation at twenty-six...
Sakashita: To be perfectly honest... I didn't even want a child. But, you see... my aged parents were quite fervent on the matter, and my family circumstances meant I couldn't flatly refuse...
Sakashita: My father made himself a very wealthy man playing the real estate game in the chaos of the post-war years... and I absolutely didn't want to inherit the business he'd built through taking advantage of others' misfortune...
Sakashita: I frequently rebelled against him, and often got a good beating for my insolence...
Sakashita: ...Whoops. Getting a bit off track, aren't we? We're talking about my daughter, after all...
Sakashita: Well, anyway... in order to get the vile old man off my back, I accepted the wife he offered me at the age of 26. She was the daughter of a regional bank's president...
Sakashita: A stuck-up piece of trash who cared about appearances and nothing else, always looking at me as though I were her manservant instead of her husband... but somehow or other, I managed to succeed in getting her with child...
Sakashita: And so Chiaki was born... I was the one who named her... Not that there's any profound meaning there. She was born in October, so I lazily threw together the characters for "thousand autumns." Rather trite, really...
Sakashita: ...But, what do you know... life works in mysterious ways... When my daughter was actually born, she was so unbelievably adorable that my heart just melted...
Narration: *"Lovely. The hell's that got to do with us!?"*
Narration: *The words almost emerge from my mouth, but I bite my tongue.*
Narration: *Right now, we're powerless.*
Narration: *Our eyes fixed on the hunting shotgun in Sakashita's hands, Amane and I can do nothing but listen to his words.*
Narration: *Apparently pleased by our submissive attitudes, Sakashita continues his monologue in a relaxed, easy tone of voice.*
Sakashita: Whatever the circumstances of her birth... Chiaki was very precious to me... I loved her as much as life itself...
Sakashita: When I heard that my Chiaki... had gone missing on her way back from that training camp, can you imagine my shock and horror?
Sakashita: Of course, I requested the most thorough possible search... Including the helicopters, it cost nearly 700,000 yen a day, and I paid all of it alone... And yet, two full weeks passed without finding her...
Sakashita: No one ever suspected... the bus might have tumbled off some old road well off the planned route, trapping her in this... awful place...
Sakashita: Of course, it never occurred to me either... At one point I was half-convinced my girl had been kidnapped and shipped off to some foreign country... All my efforts were woefully off-target, in retrospect...
Sakashita: ...And then... when everyone around me had begun to give up hope... you returned alive all by yourself. Of course, we instantly reorganized the search party, and they sped off to the rescue... but we were too late...
Sakashita: When they recovered Chiaki's body from the scene...  I learned my child had been cut into eight pieces. Torn limb from limb, quite literally...
Sakashita: I felt as though... a part of my own body had been ripped away. Yes, as you might imagine... I cried...
Sakashita: In the hospital where they'd brought the remains, I clung to what was left of Chiaki through the white sheet they'd wrapped her in, and I wept and screamed like a child...
Sakashita: Such cruel misfortune... I would have taken her place if I could... For a time, I did my best to content myself with that miserable fantasy...
Sakashita: ...But, you see... after losing my daughter, it seems all my luck deserted me... Everything crumbled down around me...
Sakashita: My company slid into crisis... and my family fared no better. My wife divorced me... My aging father passed away, followed by my mother within half a year...
Sakashita: ...Perhaps... Chiaki came to pick up her grandma and grandpa. You might not have guessed it, but she had... a rather spoiled side to her, you know...?
Sakashita: She loved her grandmother and grandfather very much indeed...
Sakashita: For four years after... even as I waited for Chiaki to come for me as well... I tried my very best to live on. But it was no use... Everything I touched fell to ashes...
Sakashita: Work was a disaster... My debts mounted and mounted to no avail... Before I knew it, most of my executives resigned at once... And so, I had no choice but to fold the company I had built...
Sakashita: I lost my daughter... My parents... My wife and my employees abandoned me... My company crumbled... The only thing I had left was my debt...
Sakashita: ...Well then, what can I do with myself now...? My mind was a pure, blank white... I couldn't see any path forward...
Sakashita: ...But just then... a certain "source" of mine, I suppose you could say... a former classmate of my daughter's contacted me...
Sakashita: That girl told me... she'd seen Suou Amane enjoying herself at a festival near the train station in Mishima Cape...
Sakashita: Aah... right, I had offered a reward for information on that young lady's whereabouts... The way she suddenly disappeared, as if to flee from us, had rather bothered me at the time... although it was only a vague memory by then...
Sakashita: Just on the verge of forgetting, I was suddenly reminded of your name... and in that "coincidence," I felt... yes... something like destiny...
Sakashita: And so, you see... all of a sudden, it all flooded into that blank mind of mine... What I should do next... What I had left to do in this world... I could see it all so clearly...
Yuuji: That's... the reason you attacked us...?
Sakashita: Yes, that it is! I suppose you could call it revenge? Or perhaps retribution!? Yes indeed!
Yuuji: ...Retribution... Are you serious...?
Narration: *Confirming that my pulse has largely settled down while hearing out Sakashita's idiotic life story, I dig my hands into the gravelly ground and pull myself to my knees.*
Amane: Yuuji!!
Yuuji: It's fine... Get back...
Amane: ...Ah...
Narration: *Grabbing Amane's wrist with a hand coated in sticky blood, I draw her body behind mine.*
Yuuji: ...Stop trying to numb the pain of your failure by pushing the blame onto a scapegoat... All you're really looking for is an excuse to end your miserable life. If you want to die, do it alone.
Yuuji: Don't take people who still have a future down with you...
Sakashita: Now this is a surprise... You've got quite a mouth on you... Aren't you afraid of guns?
Sakashita: You... Kazami Yuuji-san... Just what are you? You seem oddly accustomed to having a muzzle pointed in your direction... This attitude doesn't seem to be just the bluster of a clueless youth...
Sakashita: So calm, one might think you've stood in front of a gun many times before... Very odd... Having taken a shot, you do understand this is no toy, yes...?
Narration: *As if to demonstrate, he thrusts forward the muzzle of his gun. The twin barrels, coated with black paint to prevent bare metal from flashing a warning to unsuspecting prey, glitter dully in the afternoon sun.*
Yuuji: ...None of that matters. Sakashita-san... respectfully, sir, you're full of shit...
Yuuji: You want to find a new purpose in life? Fine, good for you, I don't give a damn... But retribution...? Who the hell do you think you are...?
Yuuji: You're just taking out your misery on others! Who died and made you judge, jury, and executioner!?
Yuuji: Does a shotgun and a hard-luck story make you into some kind of holy warrior? Because from where I'm standing, you look more like a condescending, arrogant lunatic!
Yuuji: If you had a real reason to deliver "retribution," and if you were qualified to play that role, maybe I'd accept your judgment!
Yuuji: But I'm not going to play along with the temper tantrum of some idiotic child who can only hold himself together by forcing his misery on others! Don't make me fucking laugh!
Sakashita: Ahaha... hehehe... This is quite something... You've actually got a bit of a silver tongue, don't you...!?
Sakashita: Such a desperately passionate little speech. Were you trying to anger me? Get me to turn my gun toward you, rather than Amane-san...?
Sakashita: Perhaps you thought to enrage me into unloading both barrels on you? Enabling Amane-san to escape as I reload!? Ahaha! This really is something! Such courage!
Sakashita: You're quite the little hero!! So cool!! Ahahahahaha!!
Yuuji: ...Hmph... All right, I'll permit you to have a crush on me.
Sakashita: ...Well then. If you're that attached to the idea, perhaps I really should kill you here and now...?
Yuuji: Feel free to try...
Narration: *As a rule of thumb, people who bother to spout off threats like "Do you want to die?" aren't about to follow through on them.*
Narration: *When someone wants you dead, they'll kill you, not waste their time giving you a sermon.*
Narration: *What this man really wants is to see us cowering on the ground. Begging for our lives. Ideally, with snot running down our faces.*
Amane: ............
Yuuji: ...Amane...?
Sakashita: ...Oho? What's the matter, Amane-san...?
Amane: I'm the one who left your daughter to die... I'm the one you want to kill, right? Yuuji has nothing to do with this... No, he lost his sister here... If anything, he's a victim just like you...
Sakashita: I see, I see... And? You're asking me to spare Kazami-san's life, even if it means surrendering your own?
Amane: Yes, I am.
Sakashita: ...Well, a very noble request... But let's see, whatever shall we do...?
Amane: If you want an excuse to die, fine! I'll die with you, here and now!
Yuuji: Amane!!
Amane: Stop! Stay out of this, Yuuji!! This is between me and him!!
Sakashita: ...Haahaaa... Is he that precious to you? This Kazami-san of yours...
Amane: ...Kuh...!
Narration: *As Sakashita's face twists into the habitually mocking expression of a man rotten to his core, Amane realizes her mistake.*
Narration: *This man had no intention of letting me go from the start.*
Narration: *He intended all along to kill me before her eyes... to force her to suffer the agony of losing someone precious to her, and only then take her life...*
Narration: *No, it's entirely possible that I was the only target from the very beginning. He may want nothing more than to force Amane into the depths of despair. To leave her stranded in her agony, crawling pitifully through a living hell.*
Sakashita: ...You see, I've been waiting... for a very long time now... for a chance like this...
Sakashita: Nobody... nobody understands my pain...
Sakashita: So in the end... this is all... I have left...
Yuuji: ...You know, you're one hell of a nuisance, old man...
Sakashita: I imagine so... That is the point of this little exercise, after all. Please, savor my arbitrary cruelty at greater length... That's the one and only thing that can bring me comfort now, you see...
Amane: ...Disgusting...
Sakashita: Very nice! Yes, despise me! Curse me from the bottom of your hearts, all that!! And most of all, suffer! Suffer terribly! All right, you can run away now.
Amane: ...What?
Sakashita: Are you deaf? I'm telling you to run! Scamper away! Struggle pathetically! I want to see you cling desperately to your miserable lives! Ready, set, go!
Amane: ...Aaah!!
Sakashita: What the hell are you waiting for!? Run!!
Amane: ...!!
Narration: *As if stung by the sound of Sakashita's blast into the sky, Amane roughly grabs my clothes, pulls me to my feet, and drags me down the rocky path at a dead run.*
Yuuji: ...Guh...!!
Narration: *As I'm forcibly dragged into sudden action, my spine creaks painfully, and my wounded shoulder pulses with agony.*
Yuuji: Amane...! Hey! Amane!!
Narration: *My voice doesn't reach her ears.*
Narration: *Half-carrying me, she runs in sheer desperation, frantically putting every inch she possibly can between us and that man.*
Amane: ...That man's no different... Not human anymore... He's a ghoul...
Narration: *Amane's tearful, choked voice trembles with terror.*
Narration: *Simply fleeing from the mocking laughter behind us is the most we can do.*
Narration: *More times than I can count, we lose our footing on the uneven ground. Half-crawling over sharp rocks and thick vegetation, we run desperately, directionlessly, thinking only of gaining distance from our pursuer.*
Narration: *Whenever we come to a momentary halt, a blast of gunfire gouges the ground only a little behind us.*
Narration: *Frantic to keep our legs moving, we eventually lose all sense of where we're going. But as we splash across the small stream Amane and the others had used as their water source, our menacing shadow abruptly vanishes.*
Amane: ...Haa... haa... haa... Did we... get away? He doesn't seem to be chasing us...
Yuuji: No... he's here. Hiding himself, but watching us closely.
Amane: ...You can tell...?
Yuuji: Only by intuition... but I don't think he'd give up so easily, either.
Narration: *At a guess, Sakashita must be a recreational hunter...*
Narration: *The first time we met, he'd approached me with perfect stealth, then vanished like a ghost into the station crowd after our conversation had concluded...*
Narration: *Most likely, he's got extensive experience hunting large wild game like deer or bears. Such animals can notice the presence of a typical human being from a good 200 meters away...*
Narration: *Hunting such creatures requires the ability to blend perfectly into your surroundings. A skill equally applicable to stalking other humans.*
Yuuji: ...This man's a serious goddamn nuisance... Guh...!
Amane: Yuuji... how are your injuries...?
Yuuji: There's definitely something lodged in my right shoulder... The pain isn't unendurable, but... I need to get this bleeding stopped, or things are going to get ugly...
Narration: *That said, in our desperate flight we left our backpacks and pouches behind at the memorial. We don't have even the most basic of medical supplies on hand.*
Amane: What should we do...? Binding the wound isn't going to be easy, since it's your shoulder and back...
Yuuji: ...That is a problem, but... at this rate, the bastard's just going to slowly torture us to death either way... We have to fight back somehow...
Narration: *We have absolutely nothing in the way of weapons on hand...*
Narration: *And having been shot, my ability to fight is dubious at best...*
Narration: *In that case―*
Yuuji: Amane... let's split up here and escape separately...
Amane: ...Huh? But...
Yuuji: He wants to kill me in front of you... if we try to run away together, that's how this will end...
Yuuji: Also... it might be unfair of me to put it this way, but I can operate easier alone... I want you to focus on escaping...
Amane: ...No! Again with this!? You too, Yuuji!? That's no different from what happened with Kazuki!! I absolutely won't do it!!
Amane: I've already decided! I'm not going to run away anymore!!
Yuuji: ...Of course I'm not planning just to run... I'll play the decoy. Lure him out by pretending to flee, and then turn the tables and crush him...
Yuuji: In a fight where you have the added responsibility of protecting someone, this is the better strategy... Please try to understand...
Amane: ............
Yuuji: ...This is an order... Answer me, Amane...
Amane: ...No...
Yuuji: Amane!!
Amane: No! If you're going to die, I'm dying with you!
Yuuji: Nobody said anything about dying!!
Amane: Kazuki said the same thing! She said she wouldn't die! She promised me we'd meet again! And she went and died anyway!! I won't fall for it twice!!
Yuuji: Amane...
Amane: I don't want to... I don't want to survive all alone... ever again... So this time... I'll protect you, Yuuji...
Amane: Even at the cost of my life... Of course, that doesn't mean much... I'm sure my life is a dirty, worthless thing... But I'm not going to run anymore.
Amane: My punishment for running away back then... my disgrace... here and now, I'll wipe the slates clean...
Amane: I've had more than enough of staggering through this screwed-up world, hanging my head in shame...
Amane: You're the one who got me back on my feet, Yuuji... You have to understand!
Amane: Look... I know an apology isn't enough to atone for anything, but... I'm sorry, Kazuki...
Amane: Even if I'm separated from Yuuji here and now... I'll be reborn as many times as it takes... I'll search him out and become his big sister again. So please, forgive me just this once... I'm sorry... Kazuki...
Yuuji: Don't apologize, damn it! This isn't over yet! Nobody said you could give up!
Yuuji: Also, don't hold conversations with dead people! This is exactly why you're always dragging the past around like a ball and chain!
Yuuji: Fools only look ahead, crybabies only look behind, envious children only look up, and scornful asses only look down on others... but they've all got tunnel vision! You're no different from Sakashita's idiot of a father!
Amane: ...Uuugh... but...
Yuuji: But nothing, woman!
Narration: *―That said, what do I do...?*

Narration: *―That's right... I can't leave her alone right now...*
Yuuji: ...All right. We'll run away together...
Amane: Yeah... Thank you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *Looking into Amane's face, I find myself growing strangely contemplative.*
Narration: *It hasn't been long at all since we met, but somehow, I feel like we've been together for many years already.*
Narration: *In that short time, I've gained many priceless things from her.*
Narration: *For that very reason, the thought that I might fail to save her from this predicament is immensely frustrating. I bite my lower lip, a sudden physical rush of anger spreading hotly through my body.*
Amane: Hey... Yuuji, you're still bleeding... We've got to do something about those wounds first...
Narration: *I glance down at Amane's words. Probably because I got myself pointlessly worked up, fresh blood's begun to flow from my wounded shoulder down my right arm, dripping from my fingertips to stain the rocks below dusky red.*
Narration: *The gunshot wound's problematic enough, but the blow to my head as I hit the ground must've been more severe than I'd initially realized. Without a determined effort to stay alert, the world before my eyes quickly seems to grow dim.*
Narration: *Something salty and liquid begins to flow into my eyes. At first, I assume the pain's causing me to sweat heavily, but when I wipe it away with my hand I discover my forehead has begun to bleed as well.*
Amane: ...!!
Yuuji: ...Tch... "Break time's over, get running," huh...? The man's got no patience...
Yuuji: All right then. Listen up, Amane. We're up shit creek without the proverbial paddle. To be frank, there's a good chance we're both going to die here... Ready to stare down the grim reaper?
Amane: Y-Yes!!
Yuuji: No you aren't. Thanks for trying, though.
Narration: *Human beings can't acclimatize themselves to the possibility of death as easily as that. The closer death grows, the more the mind flies to sentimentality and reminiscence.*
Narration: *Remembering some friend from elementary school, you sniffle like a child. Just looking up into the sky at twilight, tears flow down your face.*
Narration: *It takes three full days of living with death for the paralysis to set in.*
Narration: *Yes, paralysis is the only word for it. Death begins to take on meaning in its own right; it becomes the only thing that does matter. Sometimes, emotions utterly numbed, the survivors stagger into its clutches with a stupid smile on their faces.*
Yuuji: ...Might've been the wrong thing to ask of you... Fine, let's try this instead.
Yuuji: I'm not a charitable enough guy to roll over and die when someone tries to kill me. I'll fight back every inch of the way, and if it comes down to it, I want the last words out of my mouth to be "Not yet"...
Yuuji: If you want to call yourself my woman, you're going to have to do the same. If you're so prepared to die, you can do it fighting at my side. Got that?
Amane: Yeah... For you, I'll fight to the bloody end...
Yuuji: Thanks. I know I'm a stubborn pain in the ass, but that's what you signed up for...
Amane: Yuuji... I love you...
Yuuji: Stow it... Don't make me blush, I'll bleed out faster...
Amane: Hehehe... I'd like to smother you with kisses right away, but... got to save it for later, right?
Yuuji: Don't ask questions if you know the answer... All right, let's run...
Amane: Yeah! I'll follow you anywhere!
Sakashita: ...Mm... Haa...
Narration: *As he licked his lips, dry from the tension of the hunt, Sakashita Keiji stalked cautiously through the jungle in pursuit of his prey.*
Narration: *Some ten minutes ago, his fleeing targets had split up to run in different directions. After a moment's hesitation, he had decided to quietly chase Kazami Yuuji, his initial objective and the more problematic of the two.*
Narration: *For some time, the boy had been blundering forward like a wounded beast, not even trying to conceal his flight. A crude sneer spread uncontrollably across Sakashita's face as he followed.*
Sakashita: ...Tch... This is fuckin' pathetic... Even a deer can run better than this...
Narration: *Deer flee at full speed the instant they realize they're being targeted. And they won't stop until there's no longer the slightest sign of their pursuer. Even afterward, they'll stand quietly on full alert for thirty minutes to an hour, cautiously ascertaining their safety.*
Narration: *If their hunter gets tired of waiting and makes the slightest move, the deer will instantly take flight once more. Back to square one you go. The only thing to do is wait: erase yourself, melt into the forest, clear all emotion from your mind.*
Narration: *In time, the deer will decide the crisis has passed and begin to move normally again. That precise instant is your best window of opportunity. Living things are never more vulnerable than in moments of relief.*
Narration: *Of course, human beings are no exception.*
Narration: *The moment your desperate flight finally brings you to "safety" is by far the most dangerous.*
Narration: *This Kazami Yuuji had piqued Sakashita's interest at first, but his flight had been clumsy, and for the last few minutes he'd shown no signs of movement whatsoever. Perhaps his endurance had simply reached its end.*
Sakashita: ...Kazami Yuuji... was I just overestimating you...?
Narration: *That morning, just after he'd called out to Kazami Yuuji for the first time, Sakashita had momentarily felt his breath catch in his throat.*
Narration: *Something about the man had set Sakashita's hair on end. It was a familiar feeling: the kind of tension he'd known when confronted by a large carnivore.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji's eyes were bottomlessly, disturbingly dark.*
Narration: *In the set of his youthful, even boyish face, Sakashita thought he'd seen the hint of a powerful, unyielding will. And when those eyes flashed over him, they were very much the eyes of a beast appraising potential prey.*
Narration: *Sakashita had seen such eyes before.*
Narration: *His instructor at an overseas hunting school had looked at him the same way.*
Narration: *That instructor had spent many years in the Marine Corps, participating in innumerable combat missions, a true soldier who'd fought many enemies and outlived them all―*
Narration: *Until the vision of her right eye failed, it was said that instructor had been the greatest sniper even among the Marine elite.*
Narration: *Those black, glittering eyes had possessed true power. Not the hollow threat of some city thug's leering glare; the raw menace of a beast's indifferent scrutiny. His knees had trembled at every glance.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji's eyes gleamed with the same light as the "genuine article" Sakashita had once known. When the shock passed, that fact had brought him something like joy. He'd finally found the thing he had been searching for.*
Narration: *His goal was revenge for his daughter. He had been searching for something to stand in his way.*
Narration: *An effortless revenge would be meaningless. It would be no worthy tribute, no suitable final achievement, unless he was made to labor for it.*
Sakashita: ...And this is what I got... Have you just given up? A pity...
Narration: *With a short sigh, Sakashita took another step forward, slowly approaching his immobile target. Of course, this movement was executed with perfect stealth. He couldn't afford to be careless yet. There was still a chance this was some form of trap.*
Narration: *Squinting in the dim light that filtered through the canopy above, Sakashita cautiously observed the ground ahead. Scattered drops of Kazami Yuuji's blood formed a trail forward into the brush. No obvious traps, but there was no telling what a wounded beast might be capable of.*
Narration: *Surely a man with eyes like that wouldn't give up so easily.*
Narration: *But in retrospect, there were many things about Kazami Yuuji he didn't understand.*
Narration: *How could a boy like that, still virtually a child, have acquired such impenetrably dark eyes...?*
Narration: *Since he was in Mihama Academy, a box made to keep the sick daughters of wealthy men discreetly out of sight, he must have some unique "circumstances." But Sakashita's investigations had yielded little in the way of answers.*
Narration: *The moment his informant had told him Suou Amane was in a relationship with a man, he had gathered all the information he could. None of it particularly revealing.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji, precise personal history unknown. After an extended period studying overseas, he had transferred to Mihama Academy only months before as a "specially-invited international scholarship student."*
Narration: *He might not even be Japanese.*
Narration: *In fact, Sakashita's face-to-face meeting with the man had left him with just such an impression.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji had spoken without the habitual slang and warped tone you'd expect from a young person these days. His words had been oddly stiff and formal, almost like a foreigner who'd learned Japanese from a textbook.*
Narration: *And somehow, the way the boy held himself simply didn't feel typically "Japanese."*
Narration: *Even his build was unusual. He clearly trained his body intensely, but in a way utterly removed from the body-builder's quest for inflated masses of decorative muscle. Kazami Yuuji was lean, sinewy, as if forged for a specific purpose.*
Narration: *As Sakashita's thoughts rolled uneasily through this litany of incompatibility, something like an answer suddenly popped into his head.*
Narration: *An agent from the "North"...?*
Narration: *He'd heard something before about a "school" there that existed to produce killers. After enduring severe training from a very young age, it was said those "students" who satisfied their standards would be sent off to foreign countries.*
Narration: *He had no idea whether there was any truth to the story. But applied to Kazami Yuuji, it felt shockingly consistent.*
Narration: *Even that strangely firm and erect bearing, so completely out of place in a modern youth, would be entirely understandable as a "military" deportment.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, Sakashita's father had been no different. Men who've spent time in the military are permanently left with a different set to their face. Even their way of thinking is transformed. No matter what the situation, they're always simultaneously considering the best and worst case scenario.*
Narration: *"A soldier... or perhaps a civilian in military employ... A contractor...?"*
Narration: *When his thoughts progressed this far, Sakashita drew to a halt.*
Narration: *"...This is a trap."*
Narration: *All of a sudden, Sakashita felt very nearly convinced of that. He stared cautiously through the trees at Kazami Yuuji's white uniform, some thirty meters ahead.*
Narration: *Sakashita Keiji was aware that he suffered from a mild case of night-blindness. Although it had no effect on his daily life, recently his astigmatism had been progressing as well. When the lighting grew poor, he had significant difficulty making out the exact shape of distant objects.*
Narration: *In the dim, gloomy forest, where the treetops intercepted most of the sun's light, he could clearly make out the white school uniform on Kazami Yuuji's back. But there was a possibility the boy was making use of that sharp contrast to deceive him.*
Narration: *Once the thought occurred to him, it started to look almost like the jacket had simply been draped over a suitable tree branch.*
Narration: *"...Goddamn it..."*
Narration: *Cursing silently to himself, Sakashita lifted his shotgun to his hip once more.*
Narration: *His anxiety and nervous tension rendered his movements somewhat sloppy, and the gun rattled in his hand as he brought it to bear. Thirty meters ahead, the uniformed figure flinched in surprise and turned in his direction.*
Narration: *"Just my mind playing tricks on me..."*
Narration: *―Nothing but a child after all.*
Narration: *Lightly exhaling in relief, Sakashita took one step forward toward the white uniform.*
Narration: *In that instant―*
Yuuji: 　...You just let down your guard, didn't you...?
Sakashita: ...!!?
Narration: *His face contorted with agitation and fright, Sakashita spun around toward the voice, swinging his gun up to his chest. But there was no one behind him.*
Yuuji: ...Wrong way...
Narration: *And once again, the voice was behind him.*
Sakashita: ...Khh!!
Narration: *Sakashita wheeled around a second time, only to find himself facing a large, flat boulder. Realizing the boy had thrown his voice off the wall of stone, he ground his teeth in frustration.*
Sakashita: ...Where the hell are you!?!
Narration: *Swinging from side to side, his gun and eyes moving as one, Sakashita searched frantically for the source of the voice.*
Yuuji: ...Like I said, wrong way...
Sakashita: You little shit!! Get out here!!
Narration: *The instant Sakashita screamed those words, he heard a bush rustle with movement a few meters behind.*
Sakashita: ...There you are!!
Narration: *But rather than Kazami Yuuji, his eyes and the muzzle of his gun found something else entirely―*
Narration: *A long tree branch, curved back like a tightly drawn bow.*
Sakashita: ...Wha...!?
Sakashita: ...Guohh!!
Narration: *The branch instantly whipped forward into Sakashita's face.*
Narration: *A split-second after he squeezed his eyelids shut, the rough wooden bough struck him across both eyes. White stars exploding across his field of vision, Sakashita staggered backward, utterly blind.*
Narration: *"Oh shit!"*
Narration: *By the time the thought ran through his mind, it was already too late. His arm was jerked behind him. An unseen hand twisted the lever of his gun sharply upward, and the break-action barrels swung open.*
Yuuji: ...I told you that was the wrong way, you know...
Narration: *The voice was behind Sakashita again. But this time, he felt warm breath on his ear.*
Narration: *"This can't be happening...!!"*
Narration: *His ears ringing, frantic and terrified, Sakashita tried to turn toward his enemy. But just as his head began to rotate, a hand reached out from behind and firmly seized him by the face.*
Narration: *Four fingers sunk down into his eyeball as if to gouge it out of the socket, disabling any attempt at escape.*
Sakashita: ...Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *As the long middle finger of Kazami Yuuji's hand dug savagely into his right eye, Sakashita Keiji shrieked in agony and horror.*
Narration: *"What kind of a monster is he!?"*
Narration: *The instant the thought ran through Sakashita's mind, a heavy kick to the back of his knee sent him sprawling forward. His head, yanked back against the momentum of his body, came to rest defenselessly against Kazami Yuuji's chest, chin up and throat utterly exposed.*
Narration: *"He's going to kill me!!"*
Narration: *Sakashita's hand, still holding his gun, was pinned against his back. His shoulder and elbow screamed with pain, bones audibly creaking. His weak hand, the only possible means of fighting back, was desperately clutching at Yuuji's wrist in an attempt to keep his eyeball in its socket.*
Narration: *He was completely powerless.*
Narration: *If the man behind him stabbed his throat with a sharp branch, let alone a knife, he would simply die.*
Sakashita: ...Stop!!!
Narration: *Even as he screamed the word, Sakashita knew it was a laughable, hypocritical request. He knew this man wasn't about to stop any time soon, no matter how nicely he asked.*
Narration: *But if it distracted Kazami Yuuji from inflicting pain on him for even the briefest of moments, any words would do.*
Sakashita: ...Bastard! You're an agent from the North, aren't you!?
Yuuji: Sorry... not quite...
Narration: *The same dispassionate whisper as always. Under these circumstances, it sounded so pitiless and so cruel that Sakashita involuntarily swallowed all the saliva in his mouth.*
Narration: *As the warm liquid made its way down Sakashita's throat, his utterly exposed Adam's apple bobbed violently up and down.*
Yuuji: Close, though... Everyone always gets so very close...
Sakashita: ...Are you... planning to kill me...?
Yuuji: What, you think I'd hesitate...? Unfortunately for you, I'm used to "patricide"... Especially when it comes to worthless scum-sucking fathers like you...
Sakashita: ...Goddamn it!! Why... Why did I fail!?!
Yuuji: Very simple, Mr. Sakashita... You only know how to kill prey that doesn't fight back... and you picked a fight with someone who only knows how to kill human beings...
Yuuji: Here's a tip... If you want to kill a human being, you need to go in prepared for the possibility you'll be killed instead...
Sakashita: ...Goddamn iiiiiittttttt!!!
Yuuji: Oh, shut the hell up already...
Sakashita: ...Kah! Ghahhah!!
Yuuji: ...Haa...
Narration: *As Sakashita collapses to the ground, I let out a brief sigh, then crouch down to strip him of his hunting shotgun and equipment. Using a nylon rope and packing tape I find in his backpack, I quickly restrain him.*
Amane: ...Is it over?
Yuuji: Yeah, somehow or other...
Narration: *Amane tentatively draws near, taking in the scene. Accepting my school uniform from her outstretched hand, I gingerly slip it back on.*
Narration: *Staring down at Sakashita's limp, tightly bound body, Amane furrows her brow anxiously.*
Amane: ...Did you... kill him...?
Yuuji: Why the hell would I bother tying up a dead man...? He's alive...
Amane: I see... That's good to hear...
Yuuji: Is it? You do remember who we're talking about here, right?
Amane: That doesn't matter... I just... don't want anyone else to die...
Yuuji: Well, that's understandable...
Narration: *I have no intention of adding another layer to Amane's trauma. That happens to be the main reason this man's still breathing.*
Yuuji: ...It's all good in retrospect, since it worked out... but to be honest, that was one hell of a tight scrape...
Amane: You bet it was. I was scared as heck the entire time. And in pain! I was about ready to throw a temper tantrum if it didn't work out...
Narration: *Pouting, Amane holds a hand to the back of her head.*
Narration: *We'd devised the plan on the run: a trap using a tree branch to momentarily rob Sakashita of his vision. And what made it possible was, in fact, Amane's own hair.*
Narration: *With no weapons on hand, we had to devise our own. And as we ran, those long, healthy locks quickly caught my attention.*
Narration: *On average, her hairs were a full 120 centimeters long. By tying many strands together, we could use them as substitute trap wires.*
Narration: *At first, Amane clapped her hands happily, saying something about finally finding "a practical application" of "digital communication," but―*
Narration: *After having nearly thirty strands of hair yanked out of her scalp, she was half-crying from the intense pain.*
Yuuji: Don't be mad, all right? I'm grateful. You were pretty damn near perfect back there.
Narration: *Squatting down in the darkness in my uniform to lure Sakashita into the open, she'd manipulated the strand of "wire" in her hand to provide the crucial distraction with impeccable timing.*
Narration: *There might've been thirty meters between them, but she was still at gunpoint. Her composure was nothing short of remarkable, under the circumstances.*
Yuuji: ...Well done, Amane. This strategy couldn't have succeeded without you. You're getting an official commendation.
Amane: Hehehe...
Narration: *Amane smiles as I drop my hand on her head and gently scratch her scalp, her cheeks flushing pink. Kind of feels like petting a smart, overgrown puppy that came running back with a tennis ball in its mouth.*
Amane: ...Hey... it's over now, right...?
Narration: *My only response to Amane's question is a furrowed brow.*
Narration: *I've seen this expression before.*
Narration: *It's the third kind of face a woman can show you.*
Narration: *Not the face of a woman "you can kiss;" not the face of a woman "you can't kiss." The so-called "special case" expression.*
Narration: *Staring blankly at that expectant, almost demanding face, I suddenly feel very, very tired.*
Yuuji: ...Not yet... An expedition isn't over until you reach your front door. Save it for when we get back.
Amane: Whaaaaaaaat? C'mo... Heeey! Yuujiiii?
Yuuji: ...We're going home... I'm exhausted...
Amane: Geeeez...
Narration: *Impassively allowing Amane's disgruntled mutterings to roll over my aching back, I lead her down the mountain.*
Narration: *Sakashita's father we leave on the spot, trussed like a turkey. Once my cell phone finally picks up a signal, I gave JB a call and push everything onto her.*
Narration: *Naturally, that shaggy-headed dork doesn't take the news well. It takes a good deal of patient effort to explain the situation, and I end up sentenced to present myself at headquarters for an oral hearing and delivery of a detailed written report.*
Narration: *The gunshot wounds on my back are painful enough, but now I've got a pain in the ass to deal with as well.*
Narration: *―One week after the incident, the wounds on my back had mostly stopped aching. My right arm still supported by a thick sling hanging around my neck, I paid a visit to JB's office at company headquarters to offer my formal explanation.*
JB: ...Yet again, you make my life difficult...
Yuuji: Yeah. You have my sincerest apologies.
JB: That's all I ever get from you! You're no better than Asako was!
Yuuji: Guess it comes with being I-9029. Might as well just resign yourself to your fate.
JB: You are such a pompous little twit! I mean, just look how badly you managed to hurt yourself! I don't remember hearing anything about that over the phone!
Yuuji: Figured I'd save that for the formal report... What, were you worried or something?
JB: Get over yourself! Your life doesn't belong to you alone! It's vital national property! You do understand that, right!?
Yuuji: ...Yeah... I understand...
JB: You don't understand a damn thing, do you!? You have no idea how worried I was!
Yuuji: ...What, so you were worried after all...?
JB: Absolutely not! I was... uh... I was just concerned about... a piece of national defense equipment sustaining damage! That's all!!
Yuuji: You are so full of it.
JB: Shut up! I don't need your backtalk! What's your problem, anyway!? Geez!!
Narration: *...Is it just me, or has JB been veering dangerously close to "Michiru" territory lately? Maybe it really does come with the hair color.*
Yuuji: So, what happened to that Sakashita man afterward?
JB: Oh...? Didn't you read the newspaper this morning?
Yuuji: I spent the morning flirting with Amane, so unfortunately not...
JB: ...Sakashita Keiji is dead.
Yuuji: Dead...?
JB: That's correct. He seems to have jumped to his death from the rooftop of a hospital he'd recently been admitted to. That's what the papers said, and the morning news and tabloid TV shows were all reporting the same thing.
Yuuji: ...Suicide...?
JB: Although it's uncertain what drove him to such a tragic end, most likely the death of his daughter set off a long, painful slide downward in life... Something along those lines, I'd think.
Yuuji: ...If he was the sort to kill himself, I'm pretty sure the incident we're here to discuss never would've taken place...
JB: Hmmmmm? What incident would that be? You lost me.
Yuuji: ............
Yuuji: ...You covered it up...?
JB: There was no incident whatsoever. Mr. Sakashita discovered that all life is folly and shuffled himself off this mortal coil. That's all there is to it.
Yuuji: ...Did you give him a push?
JB: C'mooon now! Such slander!
Yuuji: When your voice gets all high-pitched like that, there's always something ugly going on behind the scenes...
JB: ...Well, I did give a little thought to an alternative scenario.
JB: Mr. Sakashita, having lost his purpose in life with his daughter's death, spiralled into complete madness, ultimately attacking a group of innocent students with his hunting rifle...
JB: Brandishing his weapon in the city streets, Mr. Sakashita shrieked "Why are you alive!? And you! And you!" and fired wildly at anyone unfortunate enough to pass by. In the end, he was shot dead by a SAT squad.
JB: ...What do you think of that?
Yuuji: ...That's a pretty macabre imagination you've got there... Even in the best case scenario, there would be heavy casualties and massive media attention...
JB: Right? Therefore, he killed himself. At the moment, there aren't any big political issues that warrant distracting the public's attention so dramatically, so everything was wrapped up in a fairly low-key fashion. That all right with you?
Yuuji: ...I'll pretend it is...
JB: That's the spirit. Such a clever boy you are.
Yuuji: And you say I'm full of myself... Can I leave now?
JB: Feel free. What, you miss Amane-chan already?
Yuuji: Looking at your hair too long makes my eyes sting.
JB: Hmph... Not like you dislike blond hair...
Yuuji: Depends on the woman it's growing on. All right then, I'll be going...
JB: Ah. Actually, hold on a second, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Hm? You need something else?
JB: It's about your earlier request to make your stay on the reserve permanent. I've managed to secure a conditional approval.
Yuuji: ...Conditional, is it...?
JB: Yep, conditional!♪ Not gonna happen as things are, but if you pass enough promotion exams they'll allow it.
Yuuji: Head office examinations or Japanese branch examinations?
JB: Both!♪ Can't stay a specialist forever, now can you? Reach second lieutenant and we'll allow you to register as a permanent reserve officer.
Yuuji: You're telling me to go back to school yet again...?
JB: We'll even make special arrangements so you can commute from home.
Yuuji: ...What a pain in the ass...
JB: Well, you still have another one and a half years in your field term. Take your time and think it over carefully.
Narration: *My current rank is fifth from the bottom of the table, and she's telling me to jump another five. If it was just HQ's exams it'd be absurd enough, but demanding I also pass the Japanese tests for every rank is downright sadistic.*
Narration: *If I keep working the way I am now, it'll take a decade of serious effort to hit that rank. Even if I renew my contract and accept this training course, I can't see it ending in less than seven years. Talk about delayed gratification.*
Yuuji: ...So that's how it is...
Amane: Huh? So, wait... what does that mean, exactly? You're going to attend a technical school?
Yuuji: Probably, yeah.
Amane: Does that mean you're going to transfer...?
Yuuji: No. I'd be starting the new school in one and half years. In other words, after my graduation.
Amane: Ah, so it's not happening right away?
Yuuji: That's right. After graduating from here, I'll be going to a new school for about seven years, at a guess.
Yuuji: Mind holding off on the marriage until after that?
Yuuji: ...Well, of course you'd mind... Yeah, dumb question...
Amane: ...If you tell me to wait, Yuuji... I will.
Yuuji: No, that won't be necessary. I'll talk it over with the higher-ups. There are restrictions on marriage as well, but once my field term is over things should ease up slightly. I doubt it'll be a problem...
Amane: Really!? Then, after you graduate, you'll marry me?
Yuuji: Got that backward, Amane. I'm the one asking you. Please marry me.
Amane: Yeah! All right! I'm on board! Let's get married!
Yuuji: Well, it's going to be a little while yet, but... thanks. We'll make this work.
Amane: You bet! Okay, since I'll be graduating a year before you, I'll find myself a job in the meantime!
Yuuji: A job? Why?
Amane: Hm? I mean, you're going to become a student again after you graduate, right? In that case, I'll put food on the table!
Yuuji: Well, even as a student I'll be earning a 106,600 yen monthly stipend, with a bonus twice a year.
Yuuji: And from what JB tells me, the head office covers a certain percentage of housing costs and other living expenses, including an additional allowance for married employees.
Amane: So I can be a full-time housewife instead?
Yuuji: If you want to work, I won't stop you. Shouldn't really be necessary, though.
Amane: Right, okay. In that case, I'll be able to concentrate on raising the children. Maybe I should starting learning how to knit baby socks or something?
Yuuji: Think you're jumping the gun a bit on that one...
Narration: *"Jumping the gun a bit." "Still a ways off." Those thoughts proved surprisingly transient; time always passes more quickly than you expect. All too quickly, half a year had passed, and Amane graduated from Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *That said, she immediately rented an apartment within walking distance of the school, so I didn't exactly have to go out of my way to see her.*
Narration: *In fact, she made a routine of coming to the student dorm every morning, making breakfast for me and Makina, and passing us our lunch boxes. In the evening, we'd eat dinner at Amane's apartment.*
Narration: *This pattern held for... maybe a month or so? Soon enough, Makina grew irritated with the effort of walking between the dorm and Amane's building.*
Narration: *After renting the room next door, Makina presented the school with an application demanding special permission to commute, under the pretense of "ensuring a secure living environment." Somehow, she forced Chizuru to sign off on it.*
Narration: *Next door neighbors might not sound too bad, but in reality Makina was soon virtually squatting in Amane's room again, just as when they'd been in the dorm together.*
Narration: *―Another year after that. This time, it was my turn to graduate.*
Narration: *And as planned for some time now, I entered a special "technical school" specified by headquarters.*
Narration: *In addition to the monthly written exams, my new "student" life involved irregular (sometimes completely unannounced) physical fitness tests, often amounting to something like a very rigorous and painful game of musical chairs.*
Narration: *At first I was living in Amane's room and commuting, but the daily travel on top of the grueling training proved too much. I rented a room near my new school's campus and returned to Amane on the weekends, a pattern that held for some time.*
Narration: *But after about two years of this "temporary solution," Makina finally chirped "When are ya gonna get married already?" Startled, Amane and I looked into each others' faces―*
Narration: *Having reached the mutual conclusion that it was in fact "about time we got around to that," we were married soon thereafter, finally fulfilling our promise to each other.*
Narration: *―And not long ago, five years after my graduation from Mihama.*
Narration: *After various trials and tribulations, I cleared the last of my required exams well ahead of schedule by virtue of my superb "grades." At long last, I entered the permanent reserve, gaining a degree of freedom.*
Narration: *For my "day job," I chose to become a teacher at my alma mater, Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *"Hey. Need a gym teacher or something?"*
Narration: *It'd been years since we talked about this, and I'd asked half as a joke; but here I am, ready to teach a new crop of Mihama students their English. Life works in mysterious ways, as they say.*
Makina: Heya, Oni... Oops! Good mornin' to ya, Mr. Kazami, sir!
Narration: *...Yeah, life is just full of mysteries.*
Narration: *For example, why is Makina still a student here...? That's probably number one on my list at the moment.*
Yuuji: ...Okay, why is she still in Mihama?
Amane: Huh? Didn't you know? The girl's, what, an eighth-year by now? But she can't repeat again next year, so I guess it'll finally be graduation time.
Narration: *From what Amane tells me, Makina repeated her grade seven times in a row, ending up something of a super-freshman.*
Narration: *By all rights, her age should be a serious problem, but Makina was so childish to begin with... Even now, it feels like her appearance has just caught up with the other girls.*
Amane: Hm? Huh, that's Bobataro's engine, isn't it... I guess Makina's back?
Yuuji: ...She poached Bobataro off you...?
Amane: Ah... well, yeah. I stopped riding and all, so I told Makina I'd let her have it if she got a license. Didn't really expect her to pull it off so quickly...
Makina: I'm home, Ama-neeee!! What're th' snacks today!?　
Amane: Hey there, Makina. When you've been outside, washing your hands comes first, all right? Snacks can wait.
Makina: Yuuuuss!
Narration: *―There's a reason Amane stopped riding her bike.*
Narration: *Specifically, because she's given birth to a child.*
Narration: *Naturally, I had a hand in this.*
Makina: Yaaaaheeey! Heeewwwo there. It's me, your real mommy!
Amane: Hey, you, don't go filling her head with nonsense... And more importantly, can you be a little more careful? Don't drop her, all right?
Makina: Not ta worry! I ain't the same klutz I used to be, ya know?
Amane: ...I seem to remember someone saying the exact same thing just the other day. About three seconds before giving my baby a "piggyback ride" and knocking her head against the ceiling. Who was that, again?
Makina: Oho!? Was it me!? Right! Sorry 'bout that! But no biggie. Girls are more popular if they're a lil' bit stupid, ya know?
Yuuji: Don't be ridiculous. Women are all about cooking. As long as she can make a decent meal, even a bit of an ugly girl won't have any trouble finding a man to bring back the bacon.
Makina: No worries on that count! I mean, it's Ama-nee's baby! She'll definitely grow up into a helluva chef, right?
Amane: Look, the girl's only three months old, right? None of us know what kind of a person she'll become.
Yuuji: She'll be a beauty!
Makina: She'll be a slut!
Amane: She will most certainly not be a slut.
Makina: Dohoho, I dunno about that! She's got yer horny genes inside her, ya know? I'd put money on her growin' up to be a hopelessly freaky sex addict!!
Makina: Hey, Onii-chan! If this girl suddenly brings home a good-fer-nothin' bum and says "Meet the man I'm going to marry," what're ya gonna do?
Yuuji: The hell're you talking about? There's only one thing to do: rip off my shirt and yell "All right! Bring it on, punk!"
Amane: Ahahahaha... What, the same as my dad!?
Yuuji: Right. I beat the living hell out of your dad, fair and square. A bride is something you win, not something you're given.
Amane: Thanks to that little rumble, he had to close down the shop for three whole months with a bad back, you know?
Yuuji: He's the one who ignored your mother's approval and started shouting "If you want Amane, you'll have to take her over my dead body!" Sometimes words just aren't enough.
Makina: Huhhh? So, what? If some dork comes along askin' to marry this girl, you'll beat th' crap out of him? What if it's some Arab oil sheik?
Yuuji: Hrm... Well, I don't care what he does for a job, as long as he can protect my daughter no matter what.
Yuuji: If you call yourself a man, then defend your woman with your life. If you can't promise me that, go the hell home. No... if a spineless idiot like that has the nerve to even show up, I'll friggin' kill him. For real.
Amane: Let's not kill anyone, thanks... In the first place, how many guys out there can beat you in a fight? And more importantly, if the girl says she loves him, isn't that good enough...?
Yuuji: You're already turning into the classic over-indulgent mother, you know that? But I guess you do have a point this time. I wouldn't completely ignore my daughter's opinion on the matter.
Yuuji: If she asked for my blessing, I'd ask her a question right back: "Would you throw away your life for this man?"
Yuuji: And if after a day passes her opinion still hasn't changed, I guess I might be able to sorrowfully approve of the marriage. Probably. Possibly. Maybe...
Makina: Ya don't sound quite convinced there!
Amane: ...Hehe... heh, ahahahaha...
Yuuji: Hm...? What's so funny?
Amane: Hahaha, it's just... I dunno... I'm really happy, that's all.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Yes. Very happy indeed.*
Narration: *After what happened back then, was it wrong of me to be so very truly happy? At times, the anxiety would roll over me like a smothering wave.*
Narration: *Even then, if he's at my side―*
Narration: *If Yuuji's by my side, then surely...*
Narration: *Surely, the day will come when my sin is washed away at last―*
Narration: * Somehow, I'd come to believe that.*
Narration: *Eventually, Makina too graduated from Mihama Academy, and decided to leave our apartment.*
Narration: *She had chosen to continue her studies at a German school of art, and most likely wouldn't be coming back to Japan for quite some time.*
Narration: *As much of a handful as the girl always was, now that she'd left... it felt almost as though my own daughter had left the nest. A complex, slightly lonely feeling.*
Narration: *While teaching at Mihama Academy, Yuuji continued his occasional work as a "reserve employee." But lately, the sudden calls in the night have finally trickled to a halt. He spends a few days a year acting as an "instructor," nothing more.*
Narration: *In another year, it seems he'll be able to retire even from that position on the "permanent" reserve.*
Narration: *It's been twenty years now since we were married. Twenty years, and I still don't know what "company" Yuuji worked for, or the details of the "job" he performed for them.*
Narration: *But then again, I suppose I'm not particularly interested in knowing, either. As promised, Yuuji always came home safe and sound to me.*
Narration: *That's all I've ever wanted. To ask any more would be to ask too much.*
Narration: *It's just that... every once in a while, I wake up in the middle of the night to the sound of Yuuji moaning. Suffering at my side.*
Narration: *When I call out to him, he always says "It's nothing." And I always lie awake beside him, reflecting on my powerlessness.*
Narration: *―And all of a sudden, it's been forty years.*
Narration: *Our daughter got married herself some time ago, and tells us she'll be giving us our first grandchild next year. Soon enough, I'll be a "grandma" in fact as well as form. Yuuji and I, together as always, are enjoying our autumn years in our own peaceful way.*
Narration: *Old age brought with it something like calm, I suppose.*
Narration: *The passage of time itself seems to have grown as tranquil as the flow of a placid stream. And Yuuji no longer wakes up crying out in the night as he did for so long.*
Narration: *One night, looking down on his serene face as he slept beside me, I thought to myself... that his war was finally over. That he'd finally returned from hell... A thought that brought me profound relief.*
Narration: *A peaceful, quiet half-year later, they found the cancer inside Yuuji.*
Narration: *He'd always been the sort to suffer in silence. When they found the disease, it was already too late. They gave him another five months.*
Narration: *Even so, nothing much changed.*
Narration: *We lived our ordinary lives; we spent our ordinary days together, secure in the knowledge tomorrow would be just as ordinary as today.*
Narration: *And on a Sunday morning five months after his diagnosis, almost as though he'd been counting down the days... Yuuji passed away, surrounded by his family.*
Narration: *Yuuji had died as well. Once more, I was alone. But on his deathbed, he told me "Your punishment isn't over yet," And I continued to obey his words―*
Narration: *Even without him to remind me, I decided to spend the rest of my years saying "thank you."*
Narration: *But even now that Yuuji's gone, I'm not as lonely as I'd expected.*
Narration: *When I close my eyes, memories of the time I spent with him flicker back to life with perfect clarity, one after the other.*
Narration: *Of course, we'd had plenty of fights over the years, but looking back they're all happy memories now. And to my enduring pride, he never once complained about a meal I served him.*
Narration: *I'm sure I don't have that long myself.*
Narration: *I don't have many lingering regrets still tying me to this life, either. But then again... I can see him again whenever I want, so why not keep him waiting a while longer?*
Narration: *I never did lose my fondness... for teasing Yuuji about things like this.*
Narration: * ―The fifth summer after Yuuji's death.*
Narration: *Counting back, this would be the fiftieth summer since I met him.*
Narration: *My daughter and her husband arrived from Tokyo for a visit, their youngest daughter in tow.*
Narration: *It'd been some time since I last saw my littlest grandchild's face in person... She looks quite a lot like I did at her age. Come to think of it, Yuuji said "She kind of resembles you" just after her birth.*
Narration: *Somehow, I know this will be my last summer. And so, I set off on a little trip, sitting in the backseat of my obliging son-in-law's car.*
Narration: *Our destination is a public park, overlooking the sea of trees where fourteen people had suffered and thirteen had died.*
Narration: *My one and only lingering regret, after long years when I'd pushed the matter from my mind, was never recovering what Kazami Kazuki had left for me in those woods.*
Narration: *―This place hasn't changed much since those days.*
Narration: *I suppose there aren't many people left to visit it any more. The mountain trail that leads to the scene had completely fallen into ruin. With my tired old legs and fragile back, the hike simply wasn't possible.*
Narration: *Having finally given up on climbing the mountain, I sat my exhausted body down on a bus stop bench left out in the sun. And looking up toward the scene of the accident, I brought my hands together in prayer.*
Narration: *When I close my eyes, I can still recall the faces of my friends. The other members of the basketball club that were on that bus with me.*
Narration: *Even now, the faces that swim before my eyes one by one are distorted with agony, filled with anger and grief.*
Narration: *Everyone... I'm sorry... and thank you...*
Narration: *I've lived a very long time now... How much longer will it take before you can forgive me...? Will that day ever come...?*
Narration: *Even though Yuuji's no longer here to punish me... *
Narration: *Hey... Kazuki... What should I do...? I can't find the answer all by myself...*
Suzune: Hey, Grandma!
Amane: ...Hm? Yes, dear?
Suzune: What kind of a person was my grandpa?
Amane: Ah, I see... When Grandpa died, you were still very young, weren't you...? But... why do you ask, all of a sudden?
Suzune: Hm? Well, 'cause Mommy told me "Grandma looks sad, so go talk about Grandpa with her."
Amane: ...Hahaha... that girl never changes... Considerate in strange ways, clumsily kind... I think she takes after Grandpa in that respect...
Suzune: Was Grandpa a kind person?
Amane: ...Yes, he was... And he was a very cowardly... very brave man...
Suzune: Cowardly an' brave...?
Amane: ...Well, rather than cowardly... he was cautious about everything, always carefully thinking over every step he took beforehand...
Amane: But... no matter how dire the situation... even in a position anyone would think hopeless... he would say "The hell with that!" and stand up... Yes, he was a very brave man...
Suzune: Hmmmm...
Amane: Heheh... guess it doesn't quite click for someone who can't remember him, eh...?
Suzune: Nuh-uh, I remember. He'd say crazy stuff sometimes, but he was a really kind grandpa...
Amane: I see...
Suzune: Are you lonely now that Grandpa died?
Amane: Hmm... I wonder...? I don't really feel that way... but somewhere deep down, I probably am...
Amane: But I'll be moving on soon enough, so perhaps I'll be able to see Grandpa again... It's a strange thing. I was so very afraid of dying back when I was young... but now, I don't find the idea particularly frightening...
Suzune: You're not scared of dying, Grandma?
Amane: I'm not scared, but... yes, I suppose the idea does make me feel a little lonely...
Suzune: Lonely? Why?
Amane: Well, I suppose... I can't shake the feeling that I'm going to hell...
Amane: And there probably won't be any people I know there... so that makes me a little sad...
Suzune: Aah, don't worry about that too much, okay? Grandpa told me once that if y'don't do anything bad for five years, you c'n go straight to heaven.
Amane: Hahaha, I don't think it works like a driver's license...
Amane: ...Hm? Hey, what's that you've got in your hands?
Suzune: Ah, this? It's a lucky charm, see? A long time ago, when we visited Grandpa in th' hospital, he gave it to me.
Suzune: You know what? No matter what kinda critty-cull situa-shun you get in, this charm always protects you. Grandpa said "this guy's super effective, so take good care of him!"
Amane: Ahaha... he still had that thing after all those years?
Narration: *It makes me very nostalgic to see that small stuffed dog again. I gave him that when we were still students.*
Narration: *Although it's frayed and worn in places, it's clearly been mended many times over the years. The thought of him treasuring this childish charm for so very long makes me want to cry.*
Narration: *At the same time, the thought of my granddaughter obliviously carrying around a dog stuffed with my "hair" makes the whole thing seem more amusing than anything else.*
Amane: ...As you'd expect, it's pretty beaten up... Kind of a ghastly looking thing by now...
Suzune: Isn't that why it works? Grandpa said this doggie saved his life many, many times, you know?
Amane: He never mentioned any of this to me...
Suzune: Ah, shoot! I forgot! He said it was embarrassing, so I couldn't tell you!
Amane: Heheh... Ah, very typical...
Suzune: Ah! That's right! I forgot to give you my thank-you for the doggie!
Amane: ...Your thank-you...?
Suzune: Yeah. Grandpa said "I'll give you the whelp of fortune, so make sure to show Grandma some gratitude later," okay?
Suzune: Ah, hold on a sec. I was gonna give it to you the next time I saw you, so I'm pretty sure I left it in my wallet... Uhmmm...
Amane: Hmmm? You've got something for me? What could it be?
Suzune: I found it, I found it! Here you go! It's all yours, Grandma!
Amane: Hm? What's that...?
Suzune: Okay, so... it's a ticket t' heaven!
Amane: ...To heaven...?
Suzune: Yep! As long as you've got this, you'll go to heaven! Guaranteed!!
Amane: Heheh... thank you...
Narration: *On the rectangular piece of paper, probably cut out of a sketchbook, there are bright crayon drawings of flowers and animals. And a few characters in rather sloppy handwriting.*
Narration: *Even my aged, farsighted eyes could clearly make out the words "Ticket to Heaven" boldly written on it.*
Amane: ...I wonder... if it'd be all right for me to go to heaven...
Suzune: Why wouldn't you? Grandpa's waitin' for you up there, right?
Amane: Yes... that's true, but...
Suzune: Don't worry, Grandma. I'm sure everybody's okay with it. After all, you're a good person, right?
Amane: ...You... think so?
Suzune: You bet! I mean, I'm happy you were here for me, you know?
Suzune: Hey, Grandma! "Thank you" for bein' my Grandma!
Amane: ...!!
Narration: *Those words made me happy―*
Narration: *Happy she'd grown into a girl who said "thank you" so easily―*
Narration: *Happy that there was someone who'd thank me for living―*
Narration: *So happy that I could no longer control my tears―*
Amane: Yes... thank you... I'm happy too... Thank you...
Narration: *―And thank you as well, Yuuji.*
Narration: *I'm so very glad I was born.*
Narration: *I feel as if... I've just been saved.*
Narration: *Many, many things happened.*
Narration: *I had many worries. Many bitter regrets. At times, I tormented myself.*
Narration: *It wasn't exactly what you could call peaceful―*
Narration: *But even so, it wasn't a bad life by any means―*
Narration: *Because I spent it with you.*
Narration: *In the end, I truly believe that.*
Narration: *Thank you, from the bottom of my heart―*
Narration: *I'm coming to join you now.*
Narration: *When I arrive, will you bully me again...? Please, Yuuji...*
Suzune: ...Hmm? Grandma? What's wrong? Are you crying...?
Suzune: Ah, geez. You're smiling, huh?
Suzune: Good for you, Grandma!
Suzune: ...Hmmm? Grandma? Did you fall asleep?
Narration: *My grandchild's voice faded slowly into the distance.*
Narration: *In the blue sky above, I saw beautiful white clouds.*
Narration: *In between those clouds, so close I felt I could reach out and touch them... He was waiting for me. Young as the day we met, wearing that familiar uniform.*
Narration: *And when I wept and cried out, shameless as a child, he smiled his familiar clumsy smile.*
Narration: *I heard his voice, saying simply "Amane," and I reached out to him.*
Narration: *When he clasped his hand with mine, it was as wonderfully warm as it had been back then―*
Narration: * That made me so very happy―*
Narration: *The moment I took that hand, I knew with perfect clarity That at long last, everything was forgiven―*

Narration: *―We're in no position to have a debate about this.*
Yuuji: ...Amane... please, try to understand. This is the only thing we can do right now... It's the strategy that leaves us the highest possibility of surviving...
Amane: ...All right...
Yuuji: Okay, good girl... I'll be the decoy and run to the right... you break in the opposite direction once he follows... got it...?
Amane: Yeah...
Amane: ...!!
Yuuji: ...Tch... "Break time's over, get running," huh...? The man's got no patience...
Yuuji: Listen to me, Amane. Focus on keeping yourself alive... Don't even thinking about giving up. I'm not Kazuki... I'm going to survive this, and I'm going to hold you in my arms again!
Yuuji: The only thing you need to do is believe in me and run! Understand!?
Amane: ...Ah! Yuuji...!!
Amane: ...Yuuji...
Narration: *..."Run"...?*
Narration: *I've been running for a very long time now... from many things...*
Narration: *I ran away from this mountain, deserting my friends. I ran away from those who blamed me, hiding myself from their eyes. I ran from my own guilty conscience, using Yuuji as my refuge...*
Narration: *If Yuuji thinks he can protect me by pretending to flee, I can do the same for him...*
Narration: *...No matter what, I'll never run again...*
Narration: *This time, it's my turn... I'll get Yuuji out of here alive...*
Narration: *But to achieve that, I need a way to fight back...*
Narration: *I need a weapon...*
Amane: ...Uhm...
Narration: *That said, we left all our luggage back at the monument.*
Narration: *And even then, we hadn't packed anything that might serve as a weapon. A rock or tree branch off the ground would probably be more effective.*
Narration: *...What do I do...?*
Narration: *As I move my hand through the pocket of my jeans in search of anything useful, my fingertips brush against a folded sheet of paper.*
Amane: ...This is...
Narration: *The memo Kazuki left with me six years ago...*
Narration: *And on the final page, there was a roughly sketched map to the hidden stash we'd been planning to unearth.*
Amane: ...Kazuki...
Narration: *What did Kazuki leave behind for me...?*
Narration: *When I was in trouble, Kazuki would always save me...*
Narration: *For some reason, I feel like... she's going to help me one last time...*
Amane: ...Help me, Kazuki... Please...
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, I can understand how Captain Sakashita's father feels...*
Narration: *Sometimes, the pain of losing someone you love can prove simply unendurable.*
Narration: *Rationally, he knew that it was nothing but a cruel accident. For a while, he accepted that. But I understand why he came to despise me, the one and only survivor of that nightmare.*
Narration: *Why did I survive? Why not his daughter?*
Narration: *What was so different about us, that our fates had diverged so sharply?*
Narration: *It's no surprise that he might conclude I was a coward. A traitor. A monster. It was the most comforting possible interpretation. Maybe the only one he could bear to accept.*
Narration: *That comforting bitterness slowly twisted his thoughts, until at last "Suou Amane murdered my daughter" became his truth―*
Narration: *For six years, that hatred built up in a dark corner of his mind, fed by misery and pain, given no outlet, no release. With the spark of my classmate's message, it must've simply exploded.*
Narration: *Unable to endure the overwhelming sorrow of his daughter's death, he transformed it all into hatred against me.*
Narration: *That powerful anger gave him the strength to crawl up from the depths of despair... Just as I used Yuuji to bury my pain... that man... found his refuge in his loathing for me...*
Narration: *―I understand.*
Narration: *I really, truly do. All too well.*
Narration: *But even so―*
Amane: ...Dragging Yuuji into this... that I'll never forgive...
Narration: *After reaching the spot indicated on Kazuki's map, I begin to dig into the earth using a tree branch.*
Narration: *Every time I thrust into the rocky ground, the rough branch pierces my palm with painful splinters.*
Narration: *Even so, I push it into the earth again and again, begging for help.*
Amane: ...Kazuki... help me... Yuuji's... Yuuji's in trouble... Come on... please... You have to help me...
Amane: ...Ah...
Narration: *The "stash" isn't buried as deeply as I'd expected. Soon enough, a dirty blue cooler emerges from the earth.*
Narration: *This was... something that had belonged to the basketball club. We'd searched the overturned bus high and low for it, but never found it...*
Narration: *We'd ended up deciding it must have gone flying out of a window as we tumbled down the cliff, but...*
Amane: ...Kazuki must've hidden it from the start...
Narration: *After six years buried beneath the earth, the words "Takizono Private Academy Basketball Club" that we'd written on the side in permanent marker have faded to an illegible smudge...*
Narration: *But other than that, the plastic box doesn't seem to have been damaged.*
Amane: ...Just what... were you storing in this thing...? Kazuki...
Narration: *I snap open the buckles that were locking the cooler's lid in place, and gently swing it open.*
Amane: ...What the...
Narration: *Inside, I find a large quantity of dirty water that must have leaked through the cracks in the lid, a single kitchen knife, and a plastic tupperware container.*
Narration: *Other than that, there's nothing but soggy garbage decayed beyond recognition by years of hydrolysis.*
Amane: ...This knife...
Narration: *I remember it well.*
Narration: *This is the knife I pointed at my neck on that day... the knife Kazuki gently took from my shaking hands.*
Narration: *Why is this here...?*
Narration: *...Whatever the case, I have a weapon now.*
Narration: *The only other item that hasn't rotted away to nothing is the opaque white piece of tupperware.*
Narration: *When I take the damp plastic container in my hand and give it a tentative shake, something inside makes a dry rustling sound.*
Amane: ...What is this...?
Narration: *Offering a silent prayer to nothing in particular, I slowly peel off the lid, by now half-fused to the container below. Inside, there's a folded sheet of white notebook paper.*
Amane: ...Another... letter...?
Narration: *With trembling hands, I unfold the letter and begin to read.*
Narration: *To my dear best friend, Suou Amane.*
Narration: *First of all, congratulations on getting out alive.*
Narration: *If you're reading this letter, I expect several years have passed since the accident, and you're finally beginning to calm down and face up to what occurred here.*
Narration: *I'm sure you opened this box in search of answers. An explanation of the events after your escape. Therefore, I'll now give you the executive summary.*
Narration: *"Everyone died from illness."*
Narration: *Surprised? Well, I should think so.*
Narration: *Very well then, I'll give you a short rundown of the particulars.*
Narration: *The trigger of these events... that is to say, the ultimate cause of their deaths, was eating the improperly prepared "meat" of Hirooka-san.*
Narration: *Hirooka had spent the last two weeks of her life lying in her sickbed with fractured legs. Owing to the unsanitary conditions and her severe vitamin deficiencies, she ultimately began to suffer from severe skin diseases. You remember this, I assume?*
Narration: *In addition, her immune system had been weakened badly by a number of factors, including her advanced malnutrition and irregular excretion. Bacterial toxins built up heavily within her body, directly leading to her death.*
Narration: *If we'd cremated Hirooka-san's remains immediately afterward, there likely wouldn't have been any danger whatsoever...*
Narration: *But incinerating a human corpse requires considerable thermal power, and we'd used up our supply of gasoline, rendering a fire of the requisite temperature beyond our means... Well, I suppose there was nothing anyone could've done about that.*
Narration: *In any case, as the result of consuming that contaminated meat, there was an abrupt outbreak of acute internal disease. Symptoms included shivers, vertigo, fatigue, as well as diarrhea and the dehydration that accompanied it; within 2-4 days of sickening, nearly all were dead.*
Narration: *Of course, since you never ate the "meat" in question, you were spared this fate.*
Narration: *Do you still remember what Hirooka-san said to you that day, near the end, as you nursed her at her deathbed?*
Narration: *"Suou-san, I'll repay your kindness someday."*
Narration: *"Even if I die, I'll never, ever forget this."*
Narration: *She kept that final promise, I believe. Albeit in a form I'm sure you never expected.*
Narration: *The one who truly saved your life might well have been Hirooka-san.*
Narration: *But I know your gentle heart. I'm sure you're giving all the credit to your dear friend, Kazami Kazuki, who offered up her body to protect you. I'm sure you've offered me many tearful thanks.*
Narration: *Therefore, I've got a favor to ask of you.*
Narration: *If my little brother has lost his way... if he's suffering alone... I want you to find him and help him.*
Narration: *My Yuuji is a cowardly little crybaby. His kindness is about all he has going for him. A bit of a hopeless boy, really.*
Narration: *Even so, he's my one and only brother, and I love him very much. Leaving him is my only regret.*
Narration: *If Yuuji happens to be standing next to you as you read this, he's a very fortunate young man.*
Narration: *He needs a reliable woman by his side. He's the sort who can't manage anything alone.*
Narration: *If possible, I'd like you to watch over my little brother forever.*
Narration: *Well then. So long as we're both alive, let's meet again somewhere, someday.*
Narration: *Respectfully yours, the greatest friend of your life, Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *P.S.*
Narration: *If, by some chance, you currently find yourself in a life-or-death situation, take the attached kitchen knife and please do your best to eliminate the threat by your own power.*
Narration: *I will no longer save you.*
Narration: *Believe in a happier tomorrow. If necessary, fight for it.*
Narration: *I firmly believe that you're capable of blazing your own path forward.*
Amane: ...What the heck... is this...?
Narration: *What does this mean...? In the end... what happened to Kazuki...? I mean, when did she even write this?*
Narration: *Hey, are you alive? Or are you dead...? Which is it, Kazuki...?*
Narration: *And... how could she possibly know my situation this precisely...? Was she even human...? "Monster" feels a lot more convincing right now...*
Amane: Ahah... hahaha... You're just too much, Kazuki... I give up...
Narration: *I have no idea when she wrote this letter, or why.*
Narration: *But... there's one thing and one thing only I understand very clearly.*
Narration: *I understand, Kazuki...*
Narration: *Your wish... has always been my command...*
Amane: ...I'll protect Yuuji... no matter what it takes... No matter what, Kazuki... That's a promise...
Date: *August 4, 2011, 14:13*
Sakashita: Yeehaaa! Run, damn you! Get a moooooove on! What's wrong, huh? Well!? You've got to scamper around with a little more energy than that, or it's no damn fun!!
Narration: *...Ah, shut the hell up already... Seriously, give me a damn break here... He may be batshit, but the man's still a hell of a hunter.*
Narration: *He's playing with me. It's unbelievably frustrating to know that, but there's nothing I can do about it.*
Narration: *Whenever I slow my pace to try and observe his approach, a gunshot instantly rings out, bursting apart a tree a few feet ahead and showering me in sharp fragments of wood.*
Narration: *I've been looking to take advantage of the reload time required after every two shots, but he's been reloading after every blast, always leaving at least one bullet loaded as insurance against a counterattack.*
Narration: *Normally, dropping low and crawling concealed along the muddy ground might be the better plan, but it wouldn't do much good here. The guy's got a shotgun. Even a haphazard shot in my general direction has a good chance of hitting me.*
Narration: *Given the smallest opening, I could take measures to fight back directly, but after every shot Sakashita melts back into the thick green forest. He's slowly, methodically pushing me into a corner, without the briefest moment of carelessness.*
Narration: *Feels like I'm a boxer getting a kick to the face every time I try to pull myself up off the canvas. He's not letting me do a thing.*
Yuuji: ...Bastard!!
Narration: *Cursing is about the most I can do. Helps with the stress, but very little else.*
Narration: *Since drawing Sakashita's attention, I've been grazed by the shotgun's blasts numerous times. By now, I'm covered in fresh gunshot wounds, bleeding copiously and drawing breath in wheezing gasps. My vision's beginning to grow dim.*
Sakashita: Okay! Time to go dowwwn! Mind your leg! Boom!!
Yuuji: Gahh...!!
Narration: *The latest barrage of lethal pellets grazes my right thigh, knocking it violently forward with an impact like a powerful low kick. I pitch forward, crashing to the ground.*
Yuuji: # **...Kuh...**
Narration: *Unable even to control my fall, I clumsily smash into the rocky soil. Raising my head, I spit out the gravel and dirt that plunged into my mouth, but that's the most I can manage. I can no longer rise to my feet.*
Sakashita: Hahahaha!! What's the matter, Kazami-saaan? Are we done already?
Yuuji: Goddamn it... I'm not your toy, old man...
Narration: *Sakashita's scheme is completely transparent. He's purposefully toying with me, tormenting me at length in an attempt to lure out Amane.*
Narration: *The man emerges from the woods and advances slowly, staring down at me as he cracks open his shotgun. Ejecting the shell he fired, he retrieves another from the pouch around his waist and pushes it into the barrel.*
Sakashita: ...So it seems that woman's abandoned you... Run off alone to save her own skin once again... What a vile, disgusting woman... Why on earth is everyone so set on protecting a piece of shit like her, anyway...?
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *I don't offer an answer to his question.*
Narration: *No... More accurately, I don't have the composure necessary to answer.*
Narration: *I crawl forward on the uneven ground, every breath I take a gasp, every frantic beat of my heart sending more blood spurting out of my wounds.*
Sakashita: Is it because she's a whore? Is that it?
Sakashita: I suppose that would explain why that degenerate teacher Ochi spared Amane-san's life, wouldn't it?
Yuuji: Shut the fuck up!! No one asked for your opinion on my woman!! I'll kill you, asshole!!
Sakashita: Hahahaha! Still very energetic, aren't we!? So very young! Let's get a little more of that hot blood out of your veins! Here!　
Yuuji: ...Gaaaaahh!!!
Narration: *Yet another gunshot, this time grazing the thigh of my left leg. It's clearly not a direct hit, but as he fired from point-blank range, the impact still knocks my leg violently into the air.*
Narration: *It feels hot more than anything else, but that probably just means my sense of pain is beginning to shut down.*
Sakashita: Amane-saaaan! This all right with yooou? At this rate, your boyfriend's going to die a pointless death, you knooow!?
Yuuji: Shut up!! Don't call a woman in the middle of a one-on-one fight!　
Sakashita: ...I really don't think you could call this a "fight," kid...
Narration: *But even as he sneers down at me, Sakashita methodically reloads the single shell he's fired, remaining fully alert.*
Narration: *"Amane... stay away, you got that...? You don't need to come back... I'll take him to hell by myself..."*
Narration: *"Shit... Stand up... You're going to stand up, Yuuji... You weren't trained gently enough to go down this easy, were you...!?"*
Yuuji: ...Gggrrhhh!!
Sakashita: Oooh! And he stands once more!! Such fortitude!! You're a veritable gutsman!! Why on earth are you trying so hard? Ahaha!! No, do tell me. Why push yourself so far?
Yuuji: ...For her sake, obviously... If your daughter's life was on the line, you'd go this far yourself, wouldn't you...?
Sakashita: True, very true!! I see, I see!! But that said... I simply can't imagine that Suou Amane is remotely worthy of such valiant efforts...
Sakashita: Why die like a dog for a piece of garbage like her?
Yuuji: ...Don't be an idiot... I'm off the clock right now. I've got no intention of "dying like a dog" for anything other than my country...
Sakashita: Come now, you're mere moments away from dying for that Amane-san of yours...
Yuuji: ...I was finally going to have a family of my own... If I die for her... no matter how or where... it'll never be a dog's death!
Sakashita: Haaaah... in the end, its nothing but a brat's prattle...? You've let me down...
Sakashita: I mean, please. It seems that piece of trash really has run off to save her own skin, you know...?
Sakashita: Here you are, suffering so nobly on her behalf, and she doesn't even try to come to your aid... I hear they call her a cockroach, but that's hardly fair to the poor creatures, is it? The woman's a loathsome, spineless dung beetle!
Yuuji: ...I gave her a strict order to stay away. She's a well-behaved, understanding woman...
Sakashita: Yes, yes, how very nice for you... I get the picture... I'd thought to use you as bait to lure out that shit-eating insect, but... it seems it was all wasted effort... What a shame...
Sakashita: I apologize for making you play along with this meaningless farce, Kazami-san... Not to worry, I'll put you out of your misery now...
Yuuji: ...Ah, that a fact? Much obliged for your trouble. Better make sure you do it right, though. If I survive this, it's your turn...
Sakashita: You don't say? That sounds rather entertaining. I've never heard of a man who survived having his head blown off, but who knows? Okay then, goooodbye...
Yuuji: ...Shit...
Narration: *What the hell... That's it...? After all that big talk, this is all I've got...? Pretty lame...*
Narration: *But... Amane got away... This isn't a meaningless death...*
Narration: *That's good enough, right...?*
Narration: *In that instant, the sound of branches snapping, bushes rustling―*
Yuuji: ...Don't tell me...
Narration: *Lifting myself up off my back, I turn to look over my shoulder, to find my fears confirmed. Amane rushes forward through the forest, a gleaming kitchen knife somehow clutched at her waist, screaming a fierce war cry.*
Amane: Hwooooooooooooh!!!!
Sakashita: What the―!?
Narration: *Charging forward on a collision course with Sakashita, gripping her knife tightly at the hip with two white-knuckled hands, Suou Amane is the very picture of a wrathful demon―*
Narration: *The sheer bloody determination and hate in her eyes would make any who see them recall the words "Death before surrender."*
Sakashita: ...You... goddamn... cockroaaaccchhh!!!
Narration: *Sakashita, momentarily overwhelmed by Amane's spirit, flinches slightly before moving to aim the shotgun in his hands.*
Narration: *Not missing her chance, Amane lowers her body and closes the last few meters in an instant. Ramming her shoulder into Sakashita's left flank, she swings the knife sheltered at her side up toward his gut―*
Narration: *And twisting her waist forward with the thrust, she stabs the blade home with all her strength.*
Amane: ...Hhhrng!!!
Sakashita: Guhhh!! Ga...! Ahaaaaargh!!!
Yuuji: Amane!
Narration: *It was a beautiful thrust, as forceful and sudden as a flash of lightning.*
Narration: *But... why...? Why did you come back...? You utter... idiot...*
Amane: ...Hnng... gggghh... Like hell you will... Yuuji's got... a reliable woman at his side... I'll never let you take him away from me!!
Narration: *Amane leans forward, pushing all her body weight into the knife, twisting it in vicious circles to enlarge the wound.*
Sakashita: ...Graaaaah!! You... hideous bitch!!! Sit the HELL DOWN!!!
Amane: ...Gyaaahhh!!
Narration: *In the next instant, she's blown backward by a point-blank blast from Sakashita's shotgun.*
Narration: *Tossed through the air like a doll by the impact, a cloud of scorched blood and pulverized flesh scatters from Amane's stomach. Snarling with rage, Sakashita readies his gun for a second shot.*
Sakashita: You... little bitch!! Die! Dieeeee!!!
Yuuji: Amaneeee!!!
Narration: *A burning red haze fills my mind. Somehow I'm pulling myself up out of a pool of my own blood, somehow I'm staggering toward Sakashita, but slowly, so very slowly―*
Narration: *Even in my shock and agony and fury, I understand with painful clarity that I'm moving in slow motion.*
Sakashita: Shut the hell up!! You're dead too, y'stupid little shit!!!
Narration: *At the instant the muzzle of Sakashita's gun aligns with his line of sight, I realize that he's drawn a bead on my head, and instantly twist my body to the side.*
Yuuji: ...Gwaah!!
Narration: *The lower barrel of the shotgun flashes a brilliant red; the pellets tear past my head, taking most of my left ear with them; scorching gas hits me full in the face, scalding my open left eye.*
Narration: *Even so, I lunge forward blindly, grappling with Sakashita, my hands seeking his throat.*
Sakashita: Little punk...!! So damn persistent!! Get your filthy hands th' hell off meeeeeeeeee!!!
Yuuji: Ug... gh!!
Narration: *Sakashita swings his shotgun like a club, solidly catching the side of my head with a jarring crunch. My violently concussed brain loses all sense of balance, and I crumble to the ground.*
Sakashita: ...Haa... haa... haa... Christ... Every last... one of them... doesn't know when to quit...
Amane: ...Gah!! *Hack!!* Yuu...ji...!!
Sakashita: You worthless little shit!!! Why the hell are you still alive!?! I shot you, didn't I? Shut the fuck up and DIE ALREADY, you disgusting insect!!!
Sakashita: Ah, goddamn it! The bullets!! Hold on, you!!
Amane: ...Yuuji... Yuuji... no way... you can't be... are you... dead...? Hey... Yuuji...
Sakashita: Haha... ahahahaha!! She's seriously moving!? Haha! A cockroach indeed! You're one tenacious little shit! Blew off half your stomach and you're still crawling around! Disgusting!!
Sakashita: I take it all back, yes! You're a cockroach to the core, Amane-san!!
Narration: *I'm roused from my half-conscious daze by the sound of Sakashita's insane laughter.*
Yuuji: ...Ugh... Ama... ne...
Amane: ...Yuuji!!
Sakashita: Haha! Hello there, Kazami-san! Still alive, are we!? That's a lucky break!!
Sakashita: Hold on just a second, will you!? I'm gonna blast ya into a pile of bloody chunks right before this cockroach bitch's eyes!! Sound good!?!
Narration: *Once again, he turns his gun to me, training the barrels on my head. And this time, I can't move an inch.*
Narration: *End of the line, huh...?*
Narration: *No... not yet... If nothing else... I've got to save Amane...*
Narration: *If I can't do that... I'll really die a useless, meaningless death... like the dog I've always been...*
Narration: *Up until now... I haven't done a single worthwhile thing in my entire pathetic excuse for a life... At the end, just once... I want to protect someone I love, and go to hell with my head held high...*
Narration: *I'm not... giving up yet... Come on, Sakashita... I'll glare you to death...*
Narration: *My scorched left eye is glued shut, but with a fierce effort of will, I force my right wide open... and take in an unbelievable scene.*
Amane: ...Haah... mnghh...
Sakashita: ...Wha!? You... little! You bit me! You fucking bit me!! You goddamn insect! Get the HELL off!!!
Amane: ...Hrrrrrngh!! ...Hrrrrrrngh!!
Sakashita: Are you a dog!? Shit! I'm blee... gaaaaah! That hurts!! You dumb bitch!! I'm telling you to get off meeeeeee!　
Amane: ...Mnng!! Hrrrrng!! Hrrrrn!!
Narration: *I'll die... before I let you escape me...*
Sakashita: You disgusting little freak!!! Get!! Off!! Meeee!! Ggraaaah!!!!
Amane: ...Mngggf! Hnngrh... hrngh! Hrrrrrff!! Hrrrrrrnn!!
Narration: *I'll never... stop... I'll never... let go...*
Narration: *At the very least... I'll take one arm with me...*
Narration: *I'll bite your arm clean off... and drag it down to hell with me...*
Sakashita: Goddamn whore!!! I'll show you, you little SHIT!!!　
Amane: ...Urrgh...! Hngh...! Gah...! Ah...! Mff! Hnnnnn!!!
Narration: *I'm sick of running alone... surviving alone... There's nothing good about a life like that... It's nothing but pain...*
Narration: *And I... promised Kazuki... I'd protect Yuuji, no matter what... I gave her my word!*
Sakashita: Just... fucking die already!!
Amane: ...Hyaaaah!!!
Narration: *Yuuji...*
Narration: *Thank you, Yuuji...*
Narration: *It's a shame... I really, truly mean that... A real shame... but I guess this is goodbye...*
Narration: *Thank you... for becoming my punishment... Thank you so much...*
Narration: *Kazuki saved my life, but in the end I couldn't do much with it...*
Narration: *Even so... it was really fun... meeting you...*
Narration: *And now... with this done... I can finally die...*
Narration: *So... thank you, Yuuji...*
Narration: *And... I'm sorry, Yuuji...*
Sakashita: Haa, haa, haa, haa... The hell is this woman... Is she even human...? Goddamn monster...!
Sakashita: Haa, haa... Shit... God, that hurts... She ripped the flesh right off my arm...Unbelievable... Fucking cannibal! Rot in hell!!
Yuuji: ...Ama...ne...
Sakashita: Hey there, Kazami-san! Your woman's fucked in the head!!
Narration: *Maintaining a constant stream of curses, Sakashita pulls Amane's broken teeth from his wound one by one, hurling them onto the ground at his feet with a disgusted shudder.*
Narration: *Amane... you fought hard, didn't you...? To the very last... you never gave up...*
Narration: *Just what I'd expect to see from the woman I fell in love with... You've got some real goddamn guts... Well done... I'd give you a hand of applause if I could... No matter what anyone says, you're the best woman in the whole damn world.*
Narration: *You can run on ahead with that arm of Sakashita's... I'll take care of the rest... Not to worry, I'll catch you up soon. Just sit on your heels and wait...*
Sakashita: ...Christ... Stubborn beyond fucking belief, the pair of them... First time I've shot a human being, but they're a hell of a lot more tenacious than you'd think...
Sakashita: Well then, sorry to have kept you waiting. You're next, Kazami-san...
Narration: *Watching Sakashita's face twist in cruel pleasure through my one functioning eye, listening to his indifferent, strangely flat words with my one intact ear, a strange calm wells up within me.*
Narration: *It's not that I've given into despair.*
Narration: *It's just that, for some reason... there's only one thought in my mind. A warm, wistful, silly thought, utterly out of place in this cold world. "I want to eat her cooking just one more time..." And right now, nothing else seems to matter.*
Narration: *Pushing two shells into his shotgun with an air of finality, Sakashita tries to take a step toward me. Instead, he jerks to a halt and furrows his brow in confusion.*
Sakashita: ...What the hell?
Narration: *I follow Sakashita's gaze toward the ground. Once again, we confront the unbelievable.*
Narration: *Amane, collapsed limply at Sakashita's feet, has firmly locked her right hand around his booted ankle.*
Sakashita: ...Guh... agh!! What!?! She's STILL alive!?
Narration: *The color draining from his face, Sakashita quickly tries to shake his leg free, but Amane's grip doesn't falter in the slightest.*
Sakashita: ...H-Hey... this woman... She's already dead, but she won't...!! Why!?! Why won't she let go!? Shit!! G-Get the hell off me! You... goddamn... monster!! Aaaaaaggggh!!!
Narration: *Sakashita gibbers madly, his teeth chattering audibly in his mouth. Bringing his shotgun to bear on Amane's body, he fires a shot point-blank into her back, but her clutching hand doesn't even twitch.*
Narration: *She's dead. She's been dead. But even in death, she won't release her grip.*
Yuuji: ...I see... I see how it is, Amane... One arm wasn't enough for you, eh...? Haha... greedy woman... You'll never change... Haha... ahahahahahahahaha!!!!
Narration: *With my sudden burst of laughter, the last slender thread holding Sakashita to something resembling sanity snaps.*
Sakashita: HiaaaaaaaaAaagGgKHAAAAaaAAAA!!!
Narration: *Somehow gulping in great mouthfuls of air even as he shrieks, Sakashita kicks his his leg frantically into the air, staring with goggling eyes at Amane's white hand, fighting its implacable grip to no avail.*
Narration: *Terrifying.*
Narration: *Truly terrifying.*
Narration: *Is this what human hatred can be? A thing that takes on a life of its own? A spirit that grows only fiercer in death...?*
Sakashita: Nooo!! Get off me!! Get off meeeeeeeeEEeeEEEeeee!!!
Narration: *The thing clutching Sakashita's ankle is no longer Amane. It's death itself, taken Amane's form.*
Narration: *Desperate to shake off that cold hand, Sakashita kicks violently into the air one final time, and loses his balance. Tumbling hard to the rocky ground as if dragged down by Amane's body, his head strikes a boulder with a wet crack.*
Sakashita: Hgyagh...!!!
Narration: *With a strange little shriek, Sakashita stops moving. Ignoring him, I begin to crawl my way across the ground. Through the slippery blood that coats the harsh earth, I drag myself to Amane.*
Yuuji: ...Amane... Hey... Amane...
Narration: *Somehow reaching her at last, I pull myself to my knees and raise her body from the ground.*
Narration: *I look down into her face, after so many vicious blows nothing but a swollen mass of shattered bones―*
Narration: *Her ruined mouth full of broken teeth is smiling contentedly in death.*
Narration: *Staring into the face of a woman who fought to the death and beyond, a cold emptiness floods into my heart...*
Yuuji: The hell are you grinning for, woman...? There wasn't a single damn thing in your life worth smiling about...
Yuuji: If you didn't notice... I was trying... to give you something to live for, idiot... We were still... just getting started... How many damn times did I tell you... you weren't allowed to die...?
Yuuji: There wasn't a single good reason for you to die here... you complete and utter idiot...
Narration: *Even so, Amane died protecting the life of someone she loved. Maybe that was enough for her. Maybe that was what she'd wanted all along. But whatever the case...*
Narration: *Amane... you died a worthy death. As a human being...*
Yuuji: ...Amane... well done... I'm glad I fell in love with you... I really mean that...
Narration: *When you told me you wanted to take Kazuki's place, I scolded you.*
Narration: *I told you there was only one Kazuki. That no one could ever replace her.*
Narration: *But the thing is, that's true for you as well. Always has been. No one could ever take your place...*
Narration: *To me, you were the one and only. The greatest damn woman in the world.*
Yuuji: Haha... well then... what do you know, Sakashita-san? It seems I've survived...
Yuuji: Hey, do you remember... what I told you just a little while ago...?
Yuuji: That's right... I spelled it out for you, didn't I? "If I survive this, it's your turn"... remember that?
Yuuji: Sorry to keep you waiting... Slipped my mind for a moment there...
Yuuji: ...It's your turn now...
Narration: *I gently pull the shotgun out of Sakashita's unconscious hands.*
Yuuji: ...I haven't been, so I can't speak from experience... but hell might not be so bad once you get used to it, you know? Well, you head along first and send back me a postcard...
Yuuji: I'm sure your daughter's waiting for you on the other side...
Narration: *―Once again, I failed. Once again, I couldn't protect anyone.*
Narration: *If only I could turn back time, it'd all be different. Just one more chance, and I'd pull it off beautifully...*
Narration: *Once again, the weight of a woman's death settles on my shoulders.*
Narration: *Once again... I'm alone.*
Narration: *Holding Amane's battered, cold body in my arms, I stare quietly up into the sky.*
Narration: *There's nothing above me. Nothing but a single curling column of gunpowder smoke, rising silently up into the void.*

Narration: *Ah, hey... now that I think about it, this is a big occasion, right? Gotta take a commemorative photo.*
Yuuji: ...Hm? Hey, Amane, what was that sound...?
Amane: What sound? Probably just your wizard-country.
Yuuji: Lame, woman!
Amane: Okay, all clean. A pleasure doin' business with you.♪
Yuuji: Indeed. What do I owe you?
Amane: Mhehehehehe, you're my man, so it's naturally free of charge! And it's available at the same low price on demand! Pretty sweet deal, huh?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm about to weep from joy.
Amane: Good thing we started dating, huh?
Yuuji: Feels less like we're dating and more like I'm being repeatedly molested... Sakaki did give me a vague warning, but I didn't expect such an aggressive sneak attack...
Amane: Hm? Sakaki-san "warned" you? Why?
Yuuji: I'm assuming you said something to her about this. She told me I was being "targeted" yesterday...
Amane: Oh, that a fact?
Yuuji: I figured it wouldn't be anything big, but clearly I underestimated you... Caught me totally off my guard... 
Narration: *―It's said that an American radar installation picked up the incoming attack on Pearl Harbor an hour in advance, but negligently concluded "Please, that can't possibly be right," magnifying the eventual damage...*
Narration: *Today, I was equally lax, and I too paid a heavy price. That said, since I was awake from the instant Amane entered the room and let her do as she pleased, I don't think an outraged declaration of war would be justifiable.*
Narration: *And ridiculous as these hormone-addled antics may be, as someone who may well screw up at work one day and never come back, it's hard to get angry about such minor indignities.*
Date: *July 20, 2011, 12:15*
Narration: *―I knew early on that Amane had a fairly easy-going attitude toward sex. Her words made it clear enough, but that habit of calmly popping up in front of me completely nude really drove the point home.*
Narration: *And that sizable body had curves in all the right places, an undeniable feast for the eyes of any heterosexual man.*
Narration: *Despite her dinosaur-like proportions, she's not a rough or crude tyrannosaurus woman; quite the opposite. She's highly precise, startlingly thoughtful, and an all-purpose housework machine with particular talent in the kitchen.*
Narration: *Her personality is frank and outspoken in a good way. She tells me honestly what she's thinking, making communication surprisingly painless. But that courageous front sometimes gives way to timidity―*
Narration: *When the girl gets carried away, deliver a brief, firm scolding and she'll shrink in sorrow like an apologetic dog. You can practically see her tail drooping between her legs.*
Narration: *When she looks up at me with her best puppy-dog eyes and mumbles "Uhm... I'm sorry..." with that submissive expression on her face, it's impossible to maintain my anger, however well justified.*
Narration: *In the end, I can't help but mutter "All right, as long as you've got the message" and nod in forgiveness... The girl's talent for emotional manipulation is downright fearsome.*
Amane: Yuujiii.♪ It's time to eat, so let's break out the lunch! I made more of that tofu steak you liked so much the other day, you know?
Yuuji: You don't play fair, woman...
Amane: W-What the heck...? Where's this coming from...?
Yuuji: Don't think you can ensnare me so easily in this little honey-trap of yours! I'm wise to you!
Amane: Huh? Ensnare? Sorry, I don't get it...
Narration: *By means of her culinary persuasion, she's insidiously grabbed hold of my stomach. Not to mention that since our relationship went public, she's become even more aggressively clingy than before―*
Narration: *On top of which, she's taken her slut roleplaying to the next level, periodically whispering "Free puss at any time, available upon request!" in my ear. To be frank, she's gotten a pretty good hold on my balls too.*
Narration: *At this rate, I'm seriously going to end up unable to live without this woman.*
Narration: *...If she does end up becoming an essential part of my life, what should I do about it...?*
Narration: *Premature as it may be... If I'm considering what would be best for Amane, it's probably worth thinking about the possibility of an eventual marriage.*
Narration: *As a general rule, planning your wedding while still a student is embarrassingly naive at best. As adolescent foolishness goes, it's right up there with confidently sending out your anguished poetry to literary journals.*
Narration: *That said, a man owes his woman clearly defined "intentions." Coasting along indecisively is the coward's way out.*
Narration: *I do feel guilty about the prospect of creating someone who'll have to mourn my death, but... if I'm serious about marrying Amane, the biggest problem isn't emotional. It's purely practical.*
Narration: *Namely, there's my job.*
Narration: *In my workplace, making a trivial mistake at the wrong time can mean dying in a ditch with all the dignity of some anonymous stray dog hit by a car. Most of all, it's an occupation that doesn't bear explaining to others.*
Narration: *Say Amane takes me to meet her parents. Exactly what am I supposed to tell them?*
Narration: *I mean... if I wanted to, I'm sure I could have some plausible, convenient workplace assigned to me as camouflage, but that would be a betrayal of Amane and her family.*
Narration: *In other words, I have to quit.*
Narration: *Since my 2 year training period in America, I've already spent 2.5 years as a regular in Japan. At some point I even rose up the ladder to "Acting Squad Leader." But there's still a good year and a half left in my designated field term.*
Narration: *And even when that runs out, it won't exactly be "Okay then, thanks for everything. Good luck out there!" The collar's not coming off that easy.*
Narration: *At best, I'll be a permanent reserve, subject to emergency call-ups whenever the "company" deems my presence necessary. And ten days a year, I'd be obligated to participate in a "training camp" for the purpose of "maintaining fitness."*
Narration: *In short, these chains don't come off until I'm dead. My life's just full of problems...*
Sachi: Why, if it isn't Kazami-san. What are you doing out here? Is something the matter...?
Yuuji: Oh, Sachi...? No, it's nothing. Just stressing myself out with some vague anxieties about the future...
Sachi: Anxieties about the future...?
Yuuji: Nothing you need to be concerned about. It's only natural for young people to worry themselves over such things from time to time.
Sachi: I see... I believe I understand what you mean...
Yuuji: So what are you doing out here yourself, Sachi? Lessons over already?
Sachi: Yes. I promised the neighborhood council I'd help out with something after school today, so I'm just heading out...
Yuuji: Hrm... community service, is it? Very admirable.
Sachi: ...Uhm... Amane-san isn't with you?
Yuuji: Hm? Nope... I mean, it would be a little pathetic if I was constantly carrying her around like some toddler's ragged security blanket...
Sachi: Ah... no, I wasn't attempting to imply anything... Uhm, Kazami-san, do you have any plans for the next few hours?
Yuuji: No, none in particular.
Sachi: In that case, might you be willing to join me in my task?
Yuuji: Hrm. I suppose I might be, but what would I need to do?
Sachi: Ah, yes. Our town's boys' soccer team has a match today. We'll be supporting them.
Yuuji: ...As in waving a flag around and cheering...?
Sachi: No, it's really more of a supervisory role, I would say. We're primarily there to lay the groundwork so that the children can have a safe game, and secondarily to attend to any injuries that may arise.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *―And why was that job left to Sachi in the first place?*
Narration: *She informs me that the chairman of Mishima Cape's neighborhood council is an acquaintance of hers, and passes on requests like these every once in a while.*
Narration: *In a way, it feels like they're taking advantage of Sachi's pathologically obedient personality, which does inspire a twinge of righteous anger on my part―*
Narration: *But we can't neglect to give back to our community, and it seems the requests themselves aren't unreasonable, so I guess it doesn't quite rise to the level of unethical behavior on their part.*
Narration: *Even so, if my assistance can slightly reduce Sachi's burden, I'll gladly lend a hand.*
Narration: *When we arrive at the soccer field, which has been set up on a vacant lot not far from the ocean, the children have already begun to gather.*
Narration: *There's even a few young primary-schoolers still carrying their knapsacks, apparently having hurried here directly after school ended.*
Narration: *As the group picks up on our arrival, there's a shout of "Hey! It's Sacchan!" and the children crowd around us in a relaxed, familiar way.*
Narration: *From what Sachi told me, an individual named "Sasaki-san" had been coaching the town's soccer team, but his chronic lumbago intensified badly a little while ago. It seems he's been hospitalized for a good month now.*
Narration: *During that time, she's apparently been acting as a stand-in supervisor when she has the chance.*
Narration: *Sachi's first order of business is to blow on the whistle dangling around her neck, gathering the stragglers to us. Once the group is assembled, she begins to introduce me.*
Narration: *Specifically, "This is Kazami Yuuji-san, a heartless monster of a coach here to ruthlessly beat some instruction into you―"*
Narration: *As the friendly smile I'd been planning freezes halfway to my face, my expression stiffens slightly. Which, in turn, only acts to confirm her words. The children quietly gulp in terror.*
Sachi: All right then, everyone. Please do pay respectful attention to Mr. Kazami's lesson.
Narration: *And with that, Sachi turns to me and gives a short bow, then trots off toward the sideline benches, where she begins preparing the sports drinks and such.*
Narration: *"...Okay, I didn't hear anything about coaching anyone, woman..."*
Narration: *But I keep my complaints to myself. I can't just back down now. Not with this group of children in their soccer uniforms standing at attention in front of me, waiting for my words with bated breath.*
Yuuji: ...Mmm... I want you all to try and learn a few things from this match... First and foremost, the importance of adequate preparation...
Narration: *Somehow or other, I'm a team leader at the "company," which means I've had subordinates under my command. I'm relatively experienced at giving instructions.*
Narration: *"The only way you're going to improve is through your own preparations... your own effort."*
Narration: *"Don't plan on getting better by learning from others. In the middle of a game, 'we didn't learn this yet!' won't cut it. The only path that leads to competence is the one you forge yourself."*
Narration: *"A battle is all about the number of 'shots' you've taken― In other words, the guy who's been practicing his 'shooting' longer and more often is the one who's going to survive."*
Narration: *"You don't make split-second decisions consciously. It's all reflexes, and you get those through experience. Knowing what to do isn't enough; you need to drill it into your body. The guys who stop to think in the middle of the 'field' die―"*
Narration: *―You get the picture. I tried my best to offer them some vaguely plausible instruction, but I have some serious doubts about how much actually got across to them―*
Narration: *And I suppose it's debatable how valuable the advice of a complete soccer amateur like myself could possibly be. Still, I do think the general principles are pretty nearly universal.*
Yuuji: The ball is your friend! Love your friend! Kick the stuffing out of your friend! I have no further instructions! Complete a thorough warm-up before the match begins!
Narration: *I conclude my little speech with a muddle of incoherent encouragement, but for some reason the children all shout "Yes, sir!" enthusiastically. Within seconds, they begin performing energetic calisthenics routines.*
Sachi: ...Excellent work as always, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Look, Sachi... I don't remember hearing anything about coaching. You kind of sprung that on me out of nowhere, you know?
Sachi: I do apologize. However, I did so precisely because of my great confidence in your abilities.
Yuuji: Fine, but was the "heartless monster" bit really necessary? The kids were quivering in their cleats.
Sachi: I'm sorry about that as well, but... you see, when there's no "scary person" around, the children inevitably lose focus, and the number of injuries grows quite noticeably...
Yuuji: I see. So that's why you asked me to come along...
Narration: *A lack of tension gives rise to a lack of caution; when you're not concentrating, you're more likely to get injured. And when there's no clear top dog around, it's easier for pointless fights to break out among the pack.*
Narration: *So it would seem that there's a need for me to assume the role of a "scary person" in order to keep the children attentive and appropriately cautious.*
Narration: *In that case, there's a woman I remember all too well who should serve as a useful point of reference. I'm referring, of course, to my master - Kusakabe Asako.*
Narration: *A truly "scary" person isn't someone who breaks out in fits of rage or attempts to intimidate others with spasms of meaningless violence.*
Narration: *When she was teaching me the job, Asako would most often stand by my side and watch my performance in perfect silence. Every once in a while, she'd poke my head with a stick.*
Narration: *If I missed to the right or left, she'd jab me on the appropriate cheek; if my shot sailed high, she'd bring her stick down on the crown of my head with relish. Instead of speech, she communicated through the whip.*
Narration: *Her little jabs were always sharp enough to make my eyes water. Honestly, it pissed me off at the time. But if I stayed focused on my task and hit my target, the stick never came my way.*
Narration: *The most dangerous stage of learning your job isn't the beginning; it's when you start to move past the rookie mistakes and gain something resembling competence. There's a tendency to get over-confident and blunder carelessly in a big way―*
Narration: *But even once Asako was no longer at my side, when I imagined her lurking watchfully nearby, my focus was always perfect.*
Narration: *More often than not, human error is caused by simple carelessness.*
Narration: *If giving the children a fierce glare from the sidelines can help eliminate that factor from this event, reducing the possibility of accidents or injuries, there's some value in my being here.*
Narration: *The match raged on into the early evening. In the end, spurred on by my glowering attentions, Mishima Cape's team proved triumphant.*
Narration: *On the unfortunate side of things, one boy from the opposing team (visitors from a nearby town) tripped and fell, skinning his elbow and knee―*
Narration: *But fortunately, both were minor scrapes, and he was able to return to the game immediately after being treated.*
Narration: *After the match ended, we took part in a group barbecue that's apparently a post-game tradition. By the time that was over as well, the sun had already sunk halfway below the horizon.*
Date: *July 20, 2011, 19:05 - Mishima Cape - Central Shopping District*
Sachi: ...I'm very sorry to have occupied so much of your time, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: It's fine, not like I had anything else to do. Glad to be of help.
Narration: *Having finished cleanup of the barbecue and stowed the equipment in a storehouse next to the field, we returned the key to the town council, then gave a quick report. It's already past seven.*
Narration: *The children headed home before six, which would mean we spent over an hour on the wrap-up. I don't even want to think about how long it would have taken Sachi by herself.*
Sachi: ...But I must confess, I was slightly surprised. Are you an experienced soccer player, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: Not really. I do know the rules, but my only experience with the game would be what I picked up from PE lessons in elementary school.
Sachi: Is that so? Your instructions seemed quite insightful, considering... I was convinced you must have been a passionate member of the "sucked" community...
Yuuji: Hold on... what exactly is the "sucked community" supposed to be?
Sachi: ...The game is called soccer, is it not?
Yuuji: Well, yeah, as long as you ask an American...
Sachi: Then its devoted fans would be the "sucked," if my English is correct.
Yuuji: You're extremely wrong. Frighteningly so.
Narration: *"Soccer" and "Sucker" are two very different words, but how can I explain the distinction without making things awkward...?*
Sachi: Well, even if you aren't one of the sucked, I think your advice to the children was fully deserving of the rapt attention with which it was received.
Yuuji: You think...?
Sachi: Yes, I do. For example, when that child from the opposing team tripped and injured himself...
Sachi: Do you remember what you told him as he began to cry at the sight of his own blood?
Sachi: "There are only two times a man can cry in public: when he loses his wallet and when his mother dies."
Sachi: "And even if you cry in private, there's a severe restriction. Shed tears for others. The only thing you should be shedding for yourself is sweat. Remember that."
Sachi: ...Truly powerful words. I could almost feel my heart trembling in my chest and my genitals moistening in my groin. I very nearly took out my cell phone and tweeted "The rain in Spain falls mainly on my lady jane #wet."
Yuuji: I see... To be honest, I have no idea what to say to you at this point...
Yuuji: ...Hm? A message?
Narration: *I take my private-use cell phone from my breast pocket and check the screen. The email's from a certain "Suou Amane," and the contents―*
Narration: *Where are you? Dinner's ready, so come back quick, okay?*
Narration: *The digital clock in the corner of the screen tells me it's comfortably past seven. Not surprising she'd wonder where I'd gotten to.*
Yuuji: ...Crap, I forgot to get in touch with Amane...
Sachi: Did you have some prior arrangement with Amane-san...?
Yuuji: No, nothing like that. Probably just sent the message because I didn't show up at dinner time. Wants me back on the double...
Narration: *It's true that I forgot to tell Amane I'd be late, but it's not like she slipped my mind entirely.*
Narration: *In fact, since I was planning to have dinner with Amane, I spent the whole barbecue with the soccer teams grilling meat instead of eating anything.*
Sachi: ...Is Amane-san angry, perhaps?
Yuuji: No, not a problem. I don't think she seems upset...
Narration: *I hand over my cell phone to Sachi to give her a look at Amane's message.*
Sachi: ...I believe you're right... However, if Amane-san seems displeased when you return, please blame everything on me.
Sachi: Sachi was just too darn cute, so I couldn't help but lend a hand. It's all that criminally adorable Sachi's fault, and so forth...
Yuuji: Sachi, my friend, are you familiar with the phrase "pouring gasoline on a fire?"
Sachi: ...Vaseline on a tire? An attempt to keep the rubber from drying out, perhaps...?
Yuuji: ...That's a bit of a stretch... and yet, I'm still not entirely confident you're trying to make a joke...
Sachi: Ah... Kazami-san, this message seems to have an image attached as well...
Narration: *Sachi reaches her hand to the cell phone screen and scrolls down―*
Sachi: ...Wah...
Narration: *And with a strange little grunt of surprise, her face instantly flushes red.*
Yuuji: Hm? What's up? Something wrong?
Narration: *Slightly concerned by Sachi's reaction, I pull my cell phone out of her hands and look at the screen.*
Narration: *A truly outrageous image stares back at me.*
Yuuji: ...What... is she thinking...? Amane... Amane, my friend... What am I going to do with you...?
Narration: *Mind explaining yourself, my good Amane-san?*
Narration: *No, no, I think I understand. You figured sending this over would get me wobbling straight home with an uncomfortable bulge in my pants, yes?*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Sachi...
Sachi: Yes... What can I do for you, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: Just a moment ago, I said "I have no idea what to say to you at this point." Allow me to correct myself in retrospect...
Yuuji: ...I was wrong. I've only now come to understand what it truly means to be "lost for words"... I'm sure that anything I say now would sound like an excuse to you...
Sachi: ...Courageously owning up to your mistake the instant it becomes apparent to you... How truly admirable...
Sachi: Please, allow me to imitate your example and admit a misunderstanding of my own, one that only recently become clear to me...
Yuuji: Uh, right...
Sachi: Where "soccer" is a sport, this photo depicts a "sucker," yes?
Yuuji: God dammit... She's not wrong!!
Sachi: "Balls are your friend," was it? Disgraceful. It seems even your shame has been sucked out of you...
Yuuji: ...I know, I know... Please, say no more...
Narration: *A man doesn't show his tears to others, but that doesn't mean the urge to sweat from your eyes won't well up inside you every once in a while.*
Narration: *I do manage to salvage at least a scrap of masculine pride from this situation by resisting the desire to rush back to the dorm, burst into Amane's room, and denounce her misdeed―*
Narration: *Instead, I walk calmly back and pretend the email never happened, an act of restraint that allows me to maintain some meager kernel of self-respect.*
Date: *July 21, 2011, 12:20*
Sachi: ...That would be a rough summary of last night's events... I was so shocked I actually said "wah" out loud...
Amane: Aaah... sorry about that. That message was just supposed to be a little joke... I didn't even think about the possibility somebody else might see it.
Amane: Yuuji never responded, and he didn't bring it up at all last night. I kind of thought he hadn't even opened it.
Makina: Hey hey, what kinda photo was it? I wanna see too!
Amane: Maybe when you're older. Much older.
Makina: Sacchin's th' same age as me, and ya showed it to her, right? I won't stand fer this!
Amane: Nobody showed it to Sacchan, she just happened to see it! Anyway, the answer is no!
Makina: The heck's up wit' that? You've gotten pretty dang fulla yourself over temporarily grabbin' the position of "girlfriend!" I'm a woman too, ya know? We got the same number of holes!
Makina: If ya ain't gonna show me, I'm gonna have to try it out fer myself! Might wanna reconsider while you've still got th' chance!
Amane: Try it out for yourself...? What are you planning to do...?
Makina: Simple. Squat down next to th' vending machines in th' hallway, then wait with my mouth open for Onii-chan to come by with some loose change in his hand...
Makina: He's a growin' boy, ya know? Once he sees a girl with her mouth hangin' open there an' goes "Oh? If it isn't a face-fuck vending machine," buyin' a snack will be th' last thing on his mind!
Makina: After puttin' 100 yen in my hand, he'll slowly pull down his trousers and jam it right in! I gua-ron-tee it.
Amane: Yeah, that's really not how that would play out! At all!
Makina: Hoh... ya got some confidence there, Ama-nee... but are ya sure about that? Can ya say it with 100 purr-cent certainty!? Hmmmm!?
Amane: ...S-Sure I can...
Makina: I see... Then I guess I got no choice but ta put the matter to th' test... Sacchin! Take this!
Sachi: ...A sharpie...? What am I supposed to do with this, Maki-chan...?
Makina: I wantcha to write somethin' on my face. On the left cheek, "1 Shot 100 Yen." An' on th' right, "Swallowin' Included"... 
Amane: ...Wha...!!
Sachi: ...I can do that, but... this is a permanent marker, you know...?
Makina: No matter! Come, do the deed!!
Amane: Hey, hey, hey, hey!! Stop right now!! What kind of sick game is that!?
Makina: This ain't no game, woman! Ya suppressed a young girl's innocent curiosity, an' now it's explodin' in your face!!
Amane: This is ridiculous!! Cut it out right now!!
Michiru: Hey! Can you people please keep it down!? Do you have any idea what time it is!?
Sachi: It's our lunch hour, I believe...
Makina: Yep, that it is.
Amane: What about it...?
Michiru: Why are you all staring blankly at me!? I'm trying to eat here! You people shouting all this "dripping wet pussy! rock-hard cock!" stuff makes that really friggin' difficult!
Sachi: ...I don't believe anyone actually said anything quite that graphic...
Makina: Th' heck's this girl gettin' all horny about?
Amane: If you wanted to join in the conversation, you could've just said as much...
Michiru: Aaarggggh! I didn't say anything like that! I mean, who talks about this sort of stuff at lunch!? How about you save it for a mixer or something, when there's actually someone to flirt around with!?
Sachi: ...I do apologize... It does indeed seem our discussion of fellatio and swallowing semen was rather poorly timed, considering the long, thick frankfurter in your lunch box...
Makina: Oho, this here is a nice fat ol' sausage... Hey, Ama-nee! Which is thicker, this or Onii-chan's?
Amane: Hmm? Let's see. Ah... hmm... don't think I can tell for sure unless I put it in my mouth...
Michiru: Stop it, just stop it!! Are you a slut or what!?
Amane: Yeah, I'm a slut. What about it?
Michiru: She came out and admitted it!! Unbelievable!! What is going ON here!? Can you people just take a cold shower or something!?
Michiru: I mean, why isn't anyone stepping in here!? Where's Yuuji!? Where's Yumiko!? Where the heck did our voices of restraint go!?
Sachi: Oh, that's right... Sakaki-san is auditing an economics lecture at a private university in Tokyo... and Kazami-san has accompanied the principal for a television interview.
Michiru: What!? Television!? What show!?
Sachi: I believe it's a local program on a regional commercial channel, discussing the Japanese educational system or something of the sort... It seems Kazami-san is accompanying the principal as an escort.
Michiru: An escort? What the heck does that mean!? And why would she have Yuuji do it!?
Sachi: Principal Tachibana has earned a good deal of jealousy from those who feel she's too young and inexperienced to deserve her position, so I believe he's primarily acting as a bodyguard of sorts...
Makina: Let's jus' cross our fingers an' hope we don't end up seein' a scoop about them havin' sex in the dressin' room!
Amane: That's not going to happen!! Yuuji's plenty satisfied with what I'm giving him!!
Makina: Hoh... I wonder about that. Men are pretty dang selfish creatures, ya know?
Makina: Sure, he's lustin' after Ama-nee's firm young flesh, but it wouldn't surprise me in th' least if he wanted a taste of Chizuchizu's nicely broken-in bod as well―
Makina: And from time ta time, he might get a hankerin' for some unripened fruit like me...
Sachi: Nor can we deny the possibility he'll be struck by the urge to torment a certain submissive maid until she squeals like a stuck pig...
Amane: Urrrgh... et tu, Sacchan...?
Michiru: Oh my GOD!! Why is the conversation heading right back down this road!? Don't talk about dicks at mealtime!! Forget this!! I'm gonna eat somewhere else! Don't follow me!!
Sachi: Ah... Michiru-sama!? Where are you going?
Michiru: Sha'aaaaaap!!!
Amane: ...Shaaaap, she says...
Makina: Shaaa-p? Wonder if it's got somethin' to do with th' Sha River...?
Amane: I think not. What the heck is the Sha River, anyway?
Sachi: The site of a fierce two-week land battle in the Russo-Japanese war... Uh, more importantly, is it really all right to leave Michiru-sama to her own devices?
Amane: Well, I do feel kinda bad, but that might be for the best.  She did say "don't follow me," after all...
Makina: Ya sure about that one? That punk's definitely hidin' somewhere for a little secret BJ practice, ya know? Usin' that sausage from her lunch box...
Sachi: Oh goodness... In other words, she's off mumbling "D-Don't get the wrong idea!" while licking it from top to bottom?
Makina: Talk about nasty... I'mma have to sneak up on her later an' get a photo of her dumbass blowjob-face...
Amane: ...Is this girl the spawn of satan or what?
Makina: So anyway, are ya gonna show me th' photo or not?
Amane: Hmmm... I mean... c'mon, that's a little...
Sachi: I understand your reluctance, but I've heard it said that snatching away everything problematic from young people is a highly negligent approach to moral education.
Sachi: Kazami-san tells me that a true educator will allow their pupils supervised access to even the most distasteful aspects of life, while striving to explain why they're problematic.
Makina: I mean, what's with denyin' the little people access to th' good stuff while secretly enjoyin' it yourself!? That's th' way bogus new-age cults run things! Bad edd-joo-cater! Bad!
Amane: ...Well... okay, yeah, but... it's a little embarrassing, you know...? 
Makina: Oho... pretty timid words for a self-declared slut... Well, what's th' big deal? I'm just gonna take a gander for edja'cational purposes, ya know?
Amane: Hmmm... well... I guess Sacchan did see it already... Fine, you win... Just a little look, okay?
Makina: Heck yeah! Jus' a little! The tip's plenty!
Sachi: The head is inside Amane-san's mouth, so I'm afraid you won't be able to see it, Maki-chan...
Makina: Hmm? Lessee here. Nwhoa!? What th' hell's goin' on here!? She's latched onto that thing like a dog on a bone!!
Makina: Nasty! It's all gooey!! Seriously nasty!! No, it's friggin' disgustin'!! How th' heck can you put that thing in yer mouth!? I can't believe what I'm seein'!!
Amane: Well... uhm... how can I put this...? It's not a big deal when it's somebody you love, I guess? Er... actually, I kind of... you know...
Sachi: You actually found it mouth-wateringly delicious...?
Amane: ...Uhm... yeah, something like that... I think I might actually enjoy fellatio...
Makina: You fer real!? Huh? What does that thing taste like!? Is it seriously any good!?
Amane: ...It tastes like Yuuji...
Makina: I don't get iiiiiiit! The heck does that even mean!? Does it taste like a mushroom or somethin'?
Amane: No, not even close... Okay, forget this, that's long enough! Give me back my cell phone!
Makina: Whoa... this is kinda freakin' me out... I see... Ama-nee really ain't a virgin no more. Feels like she's leavin' us far behind, ya know...
Amane: T-That's not... really true, okay...? I mean, you'll do stuff like this yourself someday, Makina... Don't feel like you need to rush things.
Makina: Oho? Talkin' down to me, are ya? So now you're the big expert, huh? Who died an' made you the relationship-tips database? One boyfriend and ya think you're Tiger Girl made flesh?
Amane: You don't have to say it like that... I mean, I did snap up the only guy in this whole school... and I do feel kinda bad about that, I guess...
Sachi: Please don't. When all is said and done, deep down none of us genuinely resent you, Amane-san...
Sachi: Maki-chan and I may be teasing you, but ultimately that's just our way of demonstrating we've accepted your relationship with Kazami-san...
Amane: ...Okay then, let me just ask you one question, Sachi... If Yuuji said he wanted to sleep with you, what would you do...?
Sachi: I, well... uguh...!
Amane: Okay, so you just said "uguh!" What the heck does "uguh" mean!? If I gave the okay, you'd let Yuuji pop your cherry!?
Sachi: ...Uhm... well... if Kazami-san absolutely insisted... I suppose I would...
Amane: Makina!!
Makina: Whahoh!? W-What can I do ya for!?
Amane: What would you do if Yuuji came up to you and asked for your virginity!?
Makina: ...Huh? Uhmmm... well, lessee... I'd feel pretty bad about stealin' your man, Ama-nee... So I'd prob'ly ask if we could keep it on th' down-low.
Amane: ...M-My god, I really can't take my eyes off you girls for a second... Unbelievable...
Makina: ...Aw, geez...
Sachi: You're making me blush...
Amane: Just to be perfectly clear, that was NOT a compliment!
Makina: It's all good, ya know? Onii-chan's actually a big ol' coward. No way he has th' guts to make a move on another girl now that he's got you, Ama-nee. Plus, he's the sorta guy who lives by th' golden rule. He wouldn't hurt ya.
Sachi: ...Indeed. To be perfectly honest, even if we persistently approached him, I imagine he'd say "stop being a pain in the ass" and brush the offer aside...
Amane: You think...? But Yuuji is a guy, so... hmmm...
Makina: Ama-nee, ya may be Onii-chan's girlfriend now, but sometimes it seems like ya really don't understand him that well.
Makina: The guy's a friggin' spartan. Like, "Sex is more dangerous than any battlefield!" or whatever. There's no way he's gonna cheat on you.
Sachi: Perhaps the permanent close-up of a romantic relationship can sometimes warp your perspective on such matters...
Amane: Hmmm... I'm feeling kind of anxious all of a sudden...
Narration: *"...All women have the same number of holes..."*
Narration: *"Indeed, an undeniable truth... So what sets me apart from the other girls...?"*
Narration: *"Something I have, but the others don't..."*
Narration: *"...My ginormous tits, I guess...?"*
Amane: Ah, hold on! That's it!! How did I miss that!?
Makina: ...Somehow, I think she's hit on a really friggin' stupid idea. Well, whatever... I'll kindly leave it alone, so if ya take another picture make sure ta add me to the mailing list, okay?
Amane: ...W-Whoa... Hold on, might I be a genius...?
Sachi: ...She doesn't seem to be listening, Maki-chan...
Makina: What a friggin' joke... Geez...

Yuuji: ...Down, woman!
Amane: Owwwie!!
Amane: Geeeeez... Hey... that friggin' hurt! Th' heck're you doin'!?
Yuuji: Snap out of it, Amane! You're under the influence of some malevolent spirit! Come to your senses!!
Amane: Whaaat!? Uh, no, I'm totally normal, actually!
Yuuji: No, you've been possessed by the ghost of some rabid slut! There's no other possible explanation for this sudden transformation!
Amane: Whaaat...? Because I started talking dirty to you? Was it that surprising?
Yuuji: Begone from Amane!! I won't let you take her... I won't let you take the woman I love!!
Amane: Ahh... I appreciate the sentiment, but you've got this all wrong. I got all that out of a magazine...
Yuuji: What!?
Amane: The month before last, I think? Tiger Girl had this feature on younger boyfriends, you know? And it said late-blooming, "herbivore," tsundere guys take a lot of patience. You really have to be willing to pull out all the stops! Like...
Yuuji: Is this going to be a long story...?
Amane: Uhm, well, yeah... probably a little bit on the lengthy side.
Yuuji: Okay, how about you put your tits away first... If someone sees us like this, the worst-case scenario has me carted off to a jail cell...
Amane: Ah... yeah... uhm, need a tissue... Where'd I put the box?
Yuuji: It's right there, next to the vending machine...
Yuuji: ...Hold on, you had a box of moist towelettes standing by...? You were totally serious about this from the start...
Amane: Mrmm... I can't get the lid oooff! Hey, Onii-chan, could ya open this for me, pwwwwease?
Yuuji: You're not a child!!
Amane: Kuhhah! Owwwie!! Why the karate chop!? You wouldn't do that if it were Makina or Sacchan!
Yuuji: Well, yeah, because they're actually younger than me...
Amane: What the heck, that's ageism... Discriminating men prefer older women, you know? It's totally true!
Yuuji: Shut up and towel down those slimy udders!
Amane: Slimy udders...? That's pretty cruel... You're the one who made them all gooey, you know?
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah, my bad. C'mere. I'll clean you off...
Amane: Ahn... Don't wipe that strong, you're gonna make my nipples hard...!
Yuuji: They already are, you know...
Amane: Hey! That friggin' hurts, okay!? Don't pull on my nipples! Ya tryin' ta stretch them out!?!
Yuuji: ...But damn, these things are huge... Don't think they'd even fit in my hand without overflowing...
Amane: Pretty nice, right? But that's not all. They're also three times softer than the nearest competitor! See? Marshmallowy goodness, right?
Yuuji: Bet they'll go saggy early, though.
Amane: I'm doing exercises to prevent that, for your information! I mean, that's the reason they're not sagging already, you know!?
Yuuji: Ahh, right. Like squeezing a tennis ball between your hands in front of your chest? In the bath or whatever?
Amane: ...Why do you know that?
Yuuji: JB used to do it as well. Seems it's actually somewhat effective.
Amane: Hmm... did she, now...? That a fact... She's got a pretty good rack herself, doesn't she...? Hmm, verrrry interesting...
Yuuji: Do you really have to sulk every time I mention another woman...?
Amane: ...Come onnn...
Yuuji: You're better than the rest of them put together!!
Amane: Yeah... thanks... nice to hear, but do you really have to say it in your "This is a total pain in the ass" voice...?
Yuuji: But anyway, goddamn are these things big... How many tissues is this going to take? These tits are bad for the environment...
Amane: Ah, yeah, that's good enough. Now it's my turn to clean you up... Here goes, aaaan... *Slurrrrrrp*...
Yuuji: Get your mouth off my dick!!
Amane: Mmm? Whfy? It'sh an older-woman cleanup blowjob, y'know? Ain'tcha enjoyin' it?
Yuuji: Regrettably, I can't deny it!!
Amane: Thmen, what'sh th' big deal? Here, I'll getcha nice an'... *Smack*... clean... mmm... mff... *Slurrrrp*...
Yuuji: Ah...!
Amane: ...*Hack*... Bleeccgh! Ah, sorry... some semen went down the wrong hole... hurrrrk!!
Yuuji: Are you coughing up a hairball down there or what!? Arrrgh... this is no good... Getting more idiotic by the day...
Amane: Huh? Who, me?
Yuuji: I'm talking about myself! I'm rolling right along with this crap like some hormone-addled simpleton... The hell is wrong with me...?
Amane: Ooh... the magazine did say guys get clear-headed after ejaculating. Guess it's true.
Yuuji: Give me the name of that magazine and the address of the publisher! I'm going to give them a piece of my mind!
Amane: There, there, no need to get all worked up. Your dick... dang... your cock's all clean now, see?
Yuuji: ...I'm telling you, I seriously don't give a shit what you call it...
Amane: Uhhhm, okay then. Where were we?
Yuuji: In what?
Amane: Our discussion of Tiger Girl, of course.
Yuuji: I don't know. Also, I don't care. I hope their office burns to the goddamn ground.
Amane: Don't be so mean... It's very popular with the young girls these days, you know? I've been learning lots of good stuff from it myself...
Yuuji: Including such valuable advice as "make sure to keep up a constant chorus of the word 'cock' during titty sex," I assume?
Amane: Yeah, that's right! When dealing with swaggering macho guys, it's better to play hard-to-get. But for your passive cold-blooded-lizard boys, go on the attack! That was the general message.
Yuuji: So you've got me pegged as a lizard-boy, do you...
Amane: Well, I mean, you're really calm and all... I don't think I've ever seen you burning with desire for something. I guess I figured you're less raging bull and more placid iguana, yeah...
Yuuji: Burn that damn magazine! Right now!
Amane: Huuuuuuh?
Narration: *...I just don't get it... she's beyond casual about all this...*
Narration: *Is this just how young people are these days...?*
Narration: *I mean, I know I've lived a life pretty well removed from the mainstream of modern society. I've only recently come down from the mountain into something vaguely resembling the normal world.*
Narration: *Even so, it's not like I was on Mars or anything. I hadn't expected a culture shock quite this extreme.*
Narration: *―Hedonistic, playful sex, using our bodies as toys for a constant stream of sensual gratification...*
Narration: *Perhaps such uninhibited pleasure-seeking should be indulgently tolerated as a privilege of youth. But from my perspective, it feels something like coming home from Vietnam, only to have a dirty hippie hurl shit on my uniform.*
Narration: *But more importantly... no matter how lightly Amane may approach our relationship, I can't allow myself to be equally casual. Freedom isn't a license for irresponsibility.*
Narration: *For that reason, I don't think I can put off this discussion any longer.*
Yuuji: Hey, Amane... I need to tell you something.
Amane: Hmmm? What's up?
Yuuji: It's important, all right? Listen carefully.
Amane: Huh? Look, I'm kind of busy making dinner right now, if you hadn't noticed...
Yuuji: I know. It won't take long.
Amane: Fine. So what is it?
Yuuji: About my part-time job... my workplace, that is...
Amane: Ah, is that what this is all about? It's not something you're really supposed to talk about, is it? Don't feel like you have to.
Yuuji: But, well...
Amane: It's fine. JB and Sakaki-san told me I'd be happier staying in the dark, anyway.
Yuuji: And you're willing to accept that?
Amane: Yep, that I am.
Yuuji: ...I see...
Amane: Can I get back to making dinner now?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Amane: They had shellfish from Hiroshima really cheap today, you know? I decided to give stir-fried oysters a try. You're okay with them, right?
Yuuji: They're a favorite of mine, actually...
Amane: Good, glad to hear it... Ah...
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Amane: Almost forgot. I have something for you, Yuuji. Here you go.
Yuuji: Hm? What's this thing? A stuffed dog...?
Amane: It's a lucky protective charm, of my own design and manufacture! This guy's stuffed with my pubic hair, you know?
Yuuji: ...And for some reason, you've written "drive carefully" on it...?
Amane: Ahaha. Well, I don't know what you do at that job of yours, you know...
Amane: But it is dangerous work, right?
Yuuji: Yeah... that it is...
Amane: And so, the lucky charm. Makes sense, see?
Yuuji: ...I'm sorry, Amane...
Amane: Nothing to be sorry for. If you come back to me safe and sound, I don't care about the rest.
Yuuji: All right... then... thank you, Amane...
Amane: You're very welcome.
Narration: *―You're a good woman, Amane. You know that? A hell of a good woman... Took a focused effort on my part not to start blubbering like an idiot.*
Narration: *I guess most people would probably snicker to hear me say it. "Kind of overreacting over a little trinket like that, aren't you?"*
Narration: *But for me, it's more than enough.*
Narration: *If I had to make an analogy, maybe it's something like a short letter from the homeland that reaches a ragged, dispirited soldier on the front lines...*
Narration: *A single sheet of paper, written by some anonymous female student as a class assignment... Sometimes that's enough to give a man courage and the determination to go on. Human beings are simple creatures, at heart.*
Narration: *As I hold Amane's amulet in my hand, a thought strikes me...*
Narration: *"...A dog, huh...?"*
Narration: *I told her she resembles a dog the other day... so I think it's fair to say this was a considered choice. Not only a lucky charm, but also something of a forget-me-not.*
Narration: *Dangerous work... Yeah, that it is. No denying it.*
Narration: *One way or another, this relationship might end up leaving her miserable. That's weighed heavily on my mind all this time.*
Narration: *But when I accepted Amane's feelings in the form of that charm, I felt as though I'd received something else in the bargain. Something like a home.*
Narration: *There's no reason to overthink this anymore. No reason to get caught up speculating about what might go wrong.*
Narration: *If I have a home, all I need to think about is how to keep on finding my way back to it.*
Narration: *I'm done worrying.*
Date: *July 22, 2011, 12:10 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Amane: Yuujiii!♪　It's that time again. Let's break out the lunchbox!
Yuuji: Yeah, sounds like a plan.
Amane: Today, we've got a stew with veggies rich in beta-carotene and roots packed full of saponin... And for the main course, grilled mackerel bursting with omega-3 fatty acids!
Amane: Lots of calcium for a growing boy, too! Good for the bones!
Yuuji: Indeed. Sounds nice. Mackerel happens to be a favorite of mine.
Amane: See, here it is! Cooked to a nice golden brown, isn't it? Might not believe it, but I actually cooked this in the microwave. World's a pretty convenient place these days! Here, I'll feed you some. Say aaah!
Yuuji: ...Aaah...
Amane: ...Uh...?
Yuuji: What's wrong? Go ahead.
Amane: What is this? You're not even fighting back? It's kind of creepy... Are you plotting something...?
Yuuji: What do you want from me? If you're going to feed me, hurry up and get started. Waiting with my mouth hanging open makes me feel like a complete idiot...
Amane: Ah... y-yeah... okay, then... Mackerel coming your way... Open wide...
Yuuji: ...Hmm... damn good... Okay, how about some vegetables next? Give me some of that boiled lotus root.
Amane: Ah, yeah, the lotus... Here you go... give me an aaah...
Yuuji: Yeah, this is delicious too...
Amane: Whoa... what's going on here? I'm kinda happy... No, no, hold on. What is this? Why are you playing along all of a sudden?
Yuuji: I came to the realization that I never had much in the way of dignity to begin with. No point acting proud. If you want to do this sort of thing, Amane, I'll go along with it.
Amane: Ah... really? It's funny, though... It's almost sad to hear you say that...
Yuuji: Are we done, then? It's kind of a pain to have to ask you for every mouthful, to be honest. I'd rather eat as I please.
Amane: O-Okay...
Makina: Aaaah, lucky! This mushy couple game looks like fun! Hey, Onii-chan, I wanna try too! C'mon, open wide! Gimme an aaah!!
Yuuji: You don't get it, Makina... Dropping food into a man's mouth is a privilege reserved for his girlfriend. If you want me to eat off your chopsticks, you need to get the express written consent of Amane. Notarized. In triplicate.
Makina: Uu, the heck's up with that...?
Amane: Oh, c'mon... I'm not really gonna get mad over something as minor as that.
Yuuji: You're dangerously soft. The more you let the little things slide, the faster they'll pile up into a serious problem. Makina, if you want to play "sappy lovebirds" you can do it with Sachi.
Sachi: ...Yes? Did somebody say my name?
Yuuji: Ah, Sachi. Sorry, but would you mind playing a sickeningly lovey-dovey couple with Makina?
Sachi: ...Uhm... a lovey-dovey couple, is it...? What exactly would that entail...?
Yuuji: All right. Step one would be to open your mouth.
Sachi: Ah... yes... Uhm, so it's fellatio, then?
Yuuji: No. No, it is not... Also, it'd be nice if you didn't just casually blurt out a word like that...
Sachi: I do apologize. But I am a maid, so...
Yuuji: Seems like we're going to have to start by clearing up some seriously fundamental misunderstandings here... The word "maid" does not mean "professional blowjob provider in a frilly dress," okay?
Sachi: Ah, very true. There's, uhm, much more to the repertoire, after all. Quite so.
Yuuji: That's not what I'm saying... Well, whatever, this is going nowhere fast. Go ahead, Makina. Feed Sachi to your heart's content.
Makina: ...What, a friggin' stand-in? Hmm... well, whatever... Okay, Sacchin. Open that mouth wide, okay?
Sachi: Aaah.
Makina: Whoopsy doops... Huh? It ain't goin' in.
Sachi: Ah... mn... Maki-ch... it's just too big... There'sh no way that's gon' fit in my mouf...
Yuuji: Good, we have ourselves a lightly erotic undercurrent. This should be acceptable...
Amane: No, it really isn't. And why don't you just let her feed you, anyway? It's hardly a big deal.
Yuuji: I refuse. For one thing, it's embarrassing.
Amane: Is it? You seemed perfectly fine with it a minute ago.
Yuuji: Right, but that's because you were the one feeding me, Amane. There's no damn way I'm going to let anyone else do something like that.
Amane: Ah... R-Really...?
Yuuji: Look, can we just eat already?
Amane: Y-Yeah... but, uh, don't you feel a little sorry for Makina?
Yuuji: These sorts of ground rules inevitably get relaxed with the passing of time, so it's wise to start off by making them a little on the strict side. If you're too lenient from the very beginning, you'll pay for it later.
Amane: Oh, kind of makes sense...
Yuuji: Also, Makina's really just looking for some attention. No real need to get it from me in particular... Just take a look, she certainly seems to be enjoying herself.
Makina: Hokay, Sacchin. Next up, we got some green cauliflower!
Sachi: Maki-chan, that's called broccoli.
Makina: Uu? Really? It doesn't seem any diff'rent except for th' color, ya know...?
Sachi: They're entirely different things, I assure you.
Makina: That a fact? Well, not that I really care either way...
Sachi: Are you enjoying the sappy couple game?
Makina: Naaah, could be better... When ya get right down to it, I think I prefer bein' served to servin'. I'll be Onii-chan now! You play Ama-nee, okay, Sacchin?
Sachi: Ah, yes, certainly. Let's give it a shot.
Makina: Amane, I need a word!!
Sachi: Hm? What's up, Yuujiii?
Makina: Habanero cheese curd!!
Sachi: Maki-chan... "Amane, I need a word" and "Habanero cheese curd" may rhyme, but the phrases have no other logical relation whatsoever.
Makina: Close enough, aren't they? Seems like a natural transition ta me.
Sachi: A curd and a word are very different things... A few letters can change things entirely.
Makina: Hmm? As in the dramatic gap in efficiency between th' N1K-J and N1K2-J Violet Lightning...?
Sachi: Uhm... I don't understand your comparison, Maki-chan...
Makina: Ahh... okay, simpler example. Something like th' change in performance between a prototype Army Type 3 and a mass production Army Type 4?
Sachi: That's totally over my head as well... Uhm... something about airplanes...?
Makina: Gmrrm? What's with that? "All airplanes are basically the same anyway," is it? That frame of mind is exactly how people end up embarrassin' themselves by confusing a Ki-61 with a P-51D, ya know!
Sachi: Uhm, sorry about that. I'll look all this up later, okay...?
Makina: Very well! Acceptable! Now, feed me!
Sachi: Okay. Say aaah... What do you think? Is it tasty?
Makina: Indeed! Very satisfactory! A meatball next, and make it snappy!　
Sachi: Yes, one meatball coming up. I rolled these up myself, you know? My hands were still all gooey from fingering myself at the time, so it was quite a messy job. Here, open wide... Do you like it?
Makina: Delectable work, maggot!!
Amane: Hey, uh, Yuuji? Don't you think it's about time we put a stop to this? With physical violence, if necessary.
Yuuji: What the hell...? Is that really how we appear to them...? If so, I think I may have to consider a bout of borderline- suicidal depression... I mean, do I really go around talking like a drill instructor with a stick up his ass...?
Amane: Whatever else you can say about me, I always wash my hands before I cook!
Sachi: Okay, Yuuji. Next up is fried shrimp. It's tasty right down to the tail!
Makina: Very well! However, chewing it would be a pain in the ass. You're going to masticate it for me, woman!
Sachi: ...Huh? Ah, okay... Mg... *Munch* *Munch*...
Makina: Chewed it yet!? Once you've reduced it to mush, hurry up and let me have it!
Sachi: R-Right... Then... open your mouth, okay...?
Makina: Aaaaaaah!!
Sachi: ...Mmf... ah... haa... mmm... well...? Do you like that...?
Makina: Mnng... mmm... ah... mm... delicious...
Amane: Wha-! Hey!! Cut it out, you two!! That's way, way over the top! We don't do anything like that, for your information!!
Yuuji: Hoh... no hesitation, even when given an utterly outrageous order... Is Sachi a pro or what?
Amane: Don't just sit there being impressed, help me break this up! Also, don't get impressed by something like that!!
Yuuji: Then again, pulling them apart now might only fuel the flames of their forbidden love, don't you think?
Amane: No, I really don't!!
Yuuji: All right, you two, that's enough. Mommy's getting angry, so the game's over. Stop playing with your food and eat it.
Makina: Okaaay.
Narration: *Lately, I think there have been some subtle changes in the way my acquaintances approach me. My decision to stop overthinking things probably has something to do with it.*
Yumiko: ...You've gotten a slightly peaceful look on your face recently, you know that...?
Yuuji: Have I?
Yumiko: Something like the calm of a person who's rode out a vicious storm, I suppose... You seem almost refreshed, somehow.
Yuuji: Can't say I'm particularly conscious of it...
Yumiko: Well, I think it's a change for the better. Although I am slightly worried you might lose your backbone entirely and make a costly mistake at your "job," I suppose...
Yuuji: ............
Yuuji: Come to think of it, I'd been planning to have this discussion at some point...
Yuuji: Tell me, Sakaki, how much have you dug up?
Yumiko: My, my... On what, exactly?
Yuuji: My employer, of course...
Yumiko: Oh, "Asahi Clean LLC" or whatever it was? I did think it was a rather mysterious little company, to only have a single telephone number registered. But that would be the extent of what I know about it.
Yuuji: ...I don't care that you know the truth, but do me a favor and don't spread it around to the others...
Yumiko: I wouldn't tell them even if they asked me point-blank. I don't want them thinking of me as some deranged conspiracy theorist...
Yuuji: So you do know after all...
Yumiko: I'm telling you, I don't.
Yuuji: ...Yeah, that's the spirit... Even if the guy who's asking seems like an ally, keep on playing dumb to the very end...
Yumiko: You're such a troublesome man...
Yuuji: That, at least, I'm conscious of.
Yumiko: Well, do try your best not to make Suou-san cry, yes? I don't think she could endure a repeat...
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean...?
Yumiko: ............
Yumiko: Goodness, for some reason I seem to be rather loose-lipped today... Forget I said that, if you'd be so kind...
Yuuji: Does it have something to do with the reason Amane's at this school?
Yumiko: Yes, it does...
Yuuji: ...All right... then I won't ask you anything more.
Narration: *Just as I have things I can't speak of to anyone, I'm aware that Amane probably wants to keep certain parts of her past to herself...*
Narration: *And if Amane doesn't need to know my secrets, I don't need to know hers.*
Yumiko: Well, even if you don't ask, I think Suou-san will tell you herself someday. Although it might take some time.
Yuuji: I don't intend to drag it out of her...
Yumiko: ...Noble of you, but if her silence continues, she's the one who'll come to suffer.
Yuuji: ...What...?
Yumiko: Aah... please excuse me. I really am dangerously talkative today. It's your fault for looking so oddly approachable lately.
Yuuji: Don't blame the victim...
Yumiko: My apologies... I'll be going now...
Yuuji: Ah, hey, hold on...!
Yuuji: ...Tch... what is wrong with that woman? Drops hints left and right, then runs for the damn hills...
Narration: *Amane's secret...*
Narration: *I honestly have no idea what it might be.*
Narration: *But just as she's accepted me without question, I'm willing to accept her as she is. Simple as that.*
Narration: *I've already decided as much. Nothing else matters.*
Michiru: ............
Yuuji: Hm? What, if it isn't Michiru. Something wrong?
Michiru: ...What were you and Yumiko talking about just now?
Yuuji: Hm? We were just making small talk...
Michiru: Stop right there! Don't get any closer!
Yuuji: ...What? Okay, for one thing, I haven't taken a single step... What's the problem here?
Michiru: Don't gimme that! I saw you whispering secretly with Yumiko! What d'you think you're doing!? You do know you're Amane's boyfriend now, right!?
Yuuji: No, that's news to me. I am aware that Amane's my girlfriend, though.
Michiru: Whaaat? The heck are you talking about? What's that supposed to mean!?
Yuuji: Means exactly what it sounds like... Look, what are you so angry about, anyway?
Michiru: Listen up and listen good! You're Amane's boyfriend now! If you chat with another girl all alone in the hallway, that's cheating!
Yuuji: ...I don't really follow the logic here... but wouldn't that mean I'm "cheating" by talking with you right now?
Michiru: Why do you think I'm laying down the law and keeping you at a distance!? You just stay right where you are! <Don't  mobe!!>
Yuuji: Look, I haven't budged at any point in this conversation...
Michiru: Anyway, the point is, cheating is bad! Evil! Totally not okay! <Nevar! Evar!>
Yuuji: ...Tell me something. Why do you keep finishing your sentences with little bursts of awkward English?
Michiru: Shut up, will you!? I just had an English lesson, not that it's any of your business! What do you care, anyway!?
Michiru: For crying out loud, I can't believe you. Look away for a second and you're off flirting with the nearest available woman!
Yuuji: I really don't remember flirting with anyone...
Michiru: <NO! NO> excuses! Zip it and listen! I don't know what you think about Amane, nor do I care! But here's the thing! Amane's serious about this!!
Yuuji: Well, yeah, I guess you wouldn't usually give a guy your virginity as part of an elaborate practical joke...
Michiru: Mukiiiiiii!! There you go again! What's with that attitude!?!
Michiru: I guess from your point of view, Amane's just some innocent country girl you can play around with for a while, then toss aside when you get bored, huh!? You monster! Uhm...  <debil!>
Yuuji: ...Amane's from Tokyo, I'm pretty sure.
Michiru: What the heck does that matter!? That's not the point! I'm trying to say that Amane's way more pure and fragile than a jerk like you might think! Geez! Can't you figure that out for yourself!? God, you're so thickheaded!!
Yuuji: You're completely incomprehensible... What do you want from me, exactly?
Michiru: I want you to treat Amane better! You're beyond lucky to have her, you know that!? She's way too good for the likes of you!!
Yuuji: True enough. I'm aware of that. I'll take good care of her.
Michiru: F-Fine, as long as you've got the message...
Michiru: But if I see you cheating again, I won't be so merciful! You're gonna taste my flying kick! To the head!
Yuuji: Yeah, understood...
Yuuji: But just so you know, any such action on your part may well cause me to counterattack reflexively. Allow me to apologize in advance.
Michiru: Heyyy! You don't get to counterattack!! You're in the wrong in that scenario, you know!?
Yuuji: I do understand that, but I can't control my unconscious mind. Well, let's see... If it does turn out that way, I guess I'll pay your hospitalization fees.
Michiru: Hospitalization!? Just what kind of counter are you planning to break out on me!? Are you for real!?
Yuuji: I'll be as careful as possible, but I'd ask you to do the same. Don't start shrieking about 'cheating' every time you get suspicious. Before you accuse someone of a misdeed, you need to calm down and think things over rationally.
Michiru: As if I didn't know that already! Forget you, jerk!!
Yuuji: ...This one's even worse than the last... Spits out a bunch of nonsensical accusations, then vanishes as quickly as she appeared...
Narration: *...Annoying...*
Narration: *Yeah. To be honest, I think "annoying" pretty much covers it.*
Narration: *From all accounts, the world seems to be experiencing something of a "tsundere boom" at the moment, but I'm deeply and sincerely glad I didn't end up with something like that for a girlfriend.*
Amane: Sheesh... why are there so many nosy girls hanging around me, anyway?
Yuuji: ...How long have you been there?
Amane: Hm? I heard Michiru snarling, so I came to take a look... but it seemed like you guys were talking about me, so it was kind of hard to butt in...
Yuuji: Do you have any idea why she was so angry at me in the first place...?
Amane: Aah, well... I think she was probably showing some concern for me, in her own way.
Yuuji: Yeah, but it kind of felt like she was throwing a hissy fit while she was it at... 
Amane: Mmm... yeah, she might have been letting off some frustration as well... I mean, think about it. We started dating pretty much out of nowhere, after all. Can't have been that fun to have that news dropped on her...
Yuuji: Maybe it was a surprise, I don't see how us dating affects her in any way.
Amane: Even stuff that doesn't affect you can be irritating, right? Also, you might be a little surprised to hear it, but the girl doesn't really dislike you.
Yuuji: I'm not so sure about that...
Amane: So from Michiru's perspective, it's annoying enough that you brushed her aside, but seeing you treat the girl you chose instead badly would probably piss her off even worse.
Yuuji: Am I treating you badly? Might not be obvious, but I'm actually trying pretty hard to be considerate of you...
Amane: I feel quite sufficiently loved, personally.
Yuuji: So in the end, Michiru just wanted to bitch at me over nothing? That's what you call a hissy fit.
Amane: Let's call it a minor spat of jealousy, okay?
Amane: I mean, if I was in her shoes, I'm pretty sure I'd be saying "You'd better take good care of Michiru!" in the exact same way...
Yuuji: ...Women are such a pain in the ass...
Amane: That's right. We're a pain in the ass, every last one of us.
Amane: Speaking of which, mind if I give you a little more trouble? You're up for it, right?
Yuuji: Up for what? Spare me the unattached pronouns.
Amane: Oh come on, you know what I'm talking about. I haven't had my daily bullying yet... Let's do it, okay...? Please?
Yuuji: ...What, here?
Amane: Mmm... I wouldn't mind heading back to the dorm first, but... I know. C'mere, okay?
Yuuji: Look, what're you planning...?
Amane: C'mon, just roll with it.
Narration: *I'm the one who decided to accept Amane... to be considerate of her needs and play along with her games. Can't very well complain about such minor moments of selfishness.*
Narration: *For one thing, I'm pretty sure there's more to this aggressive physical neediness than her fondness for playing the slut.*
Narration: *If my acceptance offers Amane some reassurance, some relief from her anxiety, that's enough for me. There's no reason for me to run my mouth.*
Date: *July 22, 2011, 20:10*
Makina: Hey, Onii-chan! It's past eight, ya know? Let's take a bath together!
Yuuji: Hrm... did you get Amane's permission?
Makina: Ama-neeeee! Hey, Ama-neeee!!
Amane: Geez, what!? Don't shout like that! It's getting late, you know?
Makina: Hey! Can I take a bath with Onii-chan?
Amane: Huh? Is it that late? Oh, so it is... Sorry, Yuuji, but would you mind taking Makina for her bath today?
Yuuji: Fine by me, but... when are you planning to bathe, Amane?
Amane: I'm writing in my diary right now. I'll take one when I'm finished.
Yuuji: Understood. All right, Makina, let's seize the moment.
Makina: Aye!
Amane: Hold up, Yuuji. A word of warning for safety's sake. Don't pull her hymen around for your amusement in there!
Yuuji: Of course not... Uh, what kind of a person do you think I am, anyway?
Amane: An acceptable response! You may now take your bath! Makina, don't bring a dozen toys in there, all right? Stick to the duck.
Makina: Onii-chan's comin' in with me today, so can I ditch th' duck in favor of my I-400!?
Amane: Your I-400...? What's that?
Makina: A submarine! We had curry for dinner and all, just like in th' navy. I'm gonna play "Battle of Tinian" in th' bath today!
Amane: Well, that's fine, I guess... Just don't be in there all night, okay?
Makina: I gotcha. Mmkay, Onii-chan, let's get goin'! I wanna do "chlorine gas formin' in the battery room" in th' sauna!
Yuuji: ...Just an observation, but you've been turning into something of a war freak lately...
Makina: What of it?! Full speed ahead! Follow my lead, assistant torpedo officer!
Yuuji: Aye, captain! ...Why am I on the torpedoes, anyway...?
Amane: Yeah, yeah, banzai. Hurry up and get going.
Makina: We're navy today, so ya send us off by waving your cap, not a banzai cheer... Ama-nee's so friggin' clueless.
Yuuji: Well, we're dealing with an amateur. Let it slide...
Amane: ...And when did Makina become a pro, exactly?
Amane: Well, whatever... Uhm, how far had I gotten...?
Amane: Uhm... first, gotta get caught up on my child-rearing diary...
Narration: *―Makina's been very cheerful and energetic lately. Probably because she's started playing outside with Yuuji on a regular basis.*
Narration: *I don't know exactly what they get up to out there, but sometimes she comes back absolutely covered in mud.*
Narration: *As the person who has to wash her clothes, it's a little aggravating at times. But I think it's a positive change for her, so I've decided to tolerate the hassle.*
Narration: *She's been eating more at meals, as well. I've been trying to keep her somewhere around 1500 calories a day on average, but she's got a habit of snacking secretly. Need to be careful.*
Narration: *Not only is she eating more, she's eating it faster. When the meal's something like curry, where all the ingredients are mixed together, she'll go all-out and drain it down like a drink.*
Narration: *It's bad for the digestion to gulp down food that fast. Also, if she doesn't chew it and savor the taste a little, the meal won't seem as filling, and she'll get hungry faster. Need to do something about this as well.*
Narration: *Countermeasures: try to make more meals with distinct side dishes. It takes longer for her to get the food to her mouth that way, so she'll spend more time chewing. Adjust her diet toward nutritious, easy to digest foods. Monitor her habits.*
Narration: *These days, Makina seems to be getting stronger emotionally as well as physically.*
Narration: *She doesn't burst into tears over little failures like opening a milk carton from the wrong end like she used to. Her view of herself is less pessimistic; she isn't wallowing in self-pity over her mistakes.*
Narration: *I think Yuuji has a lot to do with that. The forceful way he tells her "you can do it if you try" helps, but the confident example he provides is just as valuable. I'm convinced she really needed that sort of a father figure in her life.*
Narration: *She's gotten so much more positive and proactive thanks to Yuuji that it almost feels wrong to complain, but I've got to say, she's also been talking like a military nut lately. Her tone and vocabulary are getting stranger by the day.*
Narration: *I mean, I'm not saying that's a bad thing in itself, but Makina's a girl. I can't help feeling a little uneasy to see her transforming into a tiny drill sergeant. Definitely something to address.*
Amane: Well, that should be about enough for the child-rearing diary.
Amane: Let's move on to the boyfriend journal, then...
Narration: *―Breakfast: thick whole-wheat toast with margarine, aloe yogurt, and a hard-boiled egg. Also some minestrone I had waiting in the fridge.*
Narration: *Lunch: grilled mackerel, with a side stew featuring carrots and lotus roots. I tried throwing in some dumplings filled with a chicken and tofu mix, lightly sprinkled with plum sauce. Ate them without complaint.*
Narration: *He doesn't seem to enjoy meat as such, but as long as the flavor's not too strong I don't think it really bothers him. Chicken seems to be a good fit. A nice discovery.*
Narration: *Dinner: Navy-style curry, at Makina's request. Demanded it after seeing some submarine movie with Yuuji on satellite TV. First thought was: what the heck is "navy-style" curry supposed to be, anyway?*
Narration: *But when I looked it up on the net, I found lots of recipes. I guess it's a traditional sailor food? Seems to be popular in Yokosuka, too. I pretty much just slapped it together from the recipe, but it was a big hit. Yuuji loved it.*
Narration: *Yuuji's total caloric intake for the day: 1920 kcal. Slightly on the low side, I think.*
Narration: *Recently, I feel like he's started losing body fat again. Time to slightly increase the carbohydrates and vegetable fats in his diet.*
Amane: ...I think that about covers it.
Amane: Well, I guess I might as well write about you-know-what while I'm at it...
Narration: *―Yuuji made love to me again.*
Narration: *Well, I guess it'd be more accurate to say I made him love me.*

Narration: *...Hm? Huh... what's going on here? Who turned out the lights...?*
Narration: *Huhhh...?*
Narration: *Ah... I get it... I'm fainting, I guess...?*
Narration: *Gotta make sure... not to hit my head as I fall...*
Narration: *Sorry about that, Yuuji... Sorry...*
Narration: *I'm so sorry... Yuuji...*
Amane: ...When I regained consciousness, Yuuji had carried me all the way back to my room and put me in bed. Kinda screwed up on that one...
Amane: But, hey. I guess we've finally gotten the last hole checked off the list, right?
Amane: ...No, hold on a second. There's still my ears and my nose, right...? Can you do anything with those...? I should look that up...
Amane: Hmm. I wonder if he'd get mad if I submitted this little journal of mine to Tiger Girl...?
Amane: Well, if I'm gonna send it in, something a little more crazy would probably help me get published... All right then... shall we go all-in and give an "earjob" or "nosejob" a try next time...?
Yuuji: ...Ugh!?
Makina: Nwhoah? What's wrong, Onii-chan...?
Yuuji: ...I don't know, but I just felt a chill run down my spine...
Makina: Wanna warm up inside me?
Yuuji: Cut it out. You want to face Amane's wrath?
Makina: Th' heck, man... My tubes're open an' waitin' to be loaded, ya know? And you call yourself an assistant torpedo officer!?
Yuuji: Spare me the bizarre analogies. Get over here, already. I'll wash your head.
Makina: ...Yeah, yeaah... Tch, ya never let me have any fun...
Yuuji: All right, here comes the hot water...
Makina: Bwoahohblrb! Forward torpedo room, severe flooding!!
Narration: *―I'm aware that Amane's keeping a diary, but I've never once discussed it with her. Honestly, I'm not especially interested.*
Narration: *JB once told me that the contents of a woman's diary, like those of her purse, are best left unseen. Helps preserve your pleasant illusions. True enough, I guess.*
Narration: *Then again, when I look at JB or Principal Tachibana these days, I get the feeling that clinging too strongly to your romantic fantasies about the opposite sex can be problematic in its own right.*
Narration: *In any case... women are complicated creatures.*
Narration: *When you actually start dating one, you'll inevitably end up seeing many different sides of her. Sometimes, that must be downright disillusioning.*
Narration: *Fortunately, that hasn't been my experience. While I'll admit I find Amane's hyperactive sex drive somewhat puzzling, I really don't have anything to complain about in that or any other regard.*
Narration: *I understand that women at her age have a strong sense of sexual curiosity, and after all, this is her first relationship. It's only natural that she'd want to try out a lot of different things.*
Narration: *And while I can't deny the possibility something else may be motivating her behavior, I've decided to stop overthinking things. I'll give her my half-hearted cooperation until she gets bored of these aggressive carnal antics.*
Date: *July 23, 2011, 11:30*
Michiru: The glorious day is here at last! Summer vacation starts tomorrow!!
Makina: Vummer stay-cation!!
Sachi: Callos de vacuno!!
Amane: ...What's with the rapid-fire game of telephone? That last one wasn't even close.
Yumiko: ...I must say, I struggle to understand how you people manage to get so worked up over this.
Michiru: What are you talking about!? It's summer! The best break of the year! We're talking about a vacation in summer here, you know!? The real mystery here is how you're so completely blah about it!　
Yumiko: Why shouldn't I be? We simply won't be attending classes for a while. Not exactly a dramatic difference.
Makina: Ya may be young, Yumi-chan, but ya think like a shriveled, bitter ol' grandma! It's summer, ya know!? Th' season for adventure!
Makina: When ya lose the desire to challenge yourself an' try out new things, you're officially startin' the long roll downhill to th' grave! Back me up here, Onii-chan!
Yuuji: Hm? Aah... yeah, guess so.
Makina: The world's always movin' forward! But there you are, standin' stock-still! Afraid of change, clingin' to your moldy old values! But even that ain't enough for ya, is it? Ya feel the need to try an' slow everyone else down, too!
Makina: Th' world'd be better off if ya got shuttled off to the retirement home right now!
Makina: What nerve, to mock summer vacation! Your words reveal ya for the stubborn, reactionary ol' fart ya really are! Sakaki Yumiko, you're like a walkin' argument for th' soylent green solution!  
Yumiko: ...Khh... exactly what part of viewing summer vacation calmly justifies this rain of abuse...!?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... too over-the-top to tolerate, but too close to the truth to brush aside... An excellent piece of agitation, to produce such marked irritation in an apathetic modern youth. You might have a future in Psy Ops.
Yumiko: ...Kazami-kun. I suggest you don't give Irisu-san any more nasty ideas, if you know what's good for you...
Yuuji: Hrm... right, my bad. Makina, listen up. Sakaki has the right to her own opinion on summer vacation. Her perspective on the world is just as valid as yours. For example, change isn't always a good thing.
Amane: Yeah, true enough. Back when they replaced the R32 with the R33, I remember thinking "what the heck happened here...?" Serious downer.
Yumiko: ...What on earth are you even talking about?
Michiru: Okay, Makina. You sure talk the talk, but are you actually planning to 'challenge' yourself this summer?
Makina: But of course! This summer, I'm aimin' to become a saksak artisan!
Amane: Saksak artisan...? What's that supposed to mean?
Sachi: Ah, uhm... I think she's talking about learning to bake bread...
Yuuji: Oh, right... isn't "saksak" that bread made with starch from the sago palm tree...?
Sachi: Yes indeed. The other day, I made belgian waffles for Michiru-sama and Maki-chan at snack time, and we ended up talking about different sorts of pancakes...
Makina: Right! Therefore, I'mma become a baker! I'll learn ta extract sago from th' trees, and use it to make saksak pancakes an' bread! I'll be able ta get by even if I end up stranded in New Guinea!
Yumiko: ...Stranded? Were you planning to visit Papa New Guinea in the first place?
Makina: Huh? Ah... uhh, not really, but...
Yuuji: The girl's found herself some motivation, no need to be a wet blanket... It's better than idling away the time without any objective whatsoever, wouldn't you say?
Yumiko: Well, yes, I suppose...
Amane: Hmmm. Well, food is definitely about as important as it gets... If you want to learn to cook, maybe I can teach you?
Makina: Mmkay then! Teach me bread! I wanna learn how ta bake bread!
Amane: Ooh... bread, huh... I always just buy that from the store. I think the last time I baked it myself was a home ec lesson all the way back in elementary school...
Yuuji: In that case, Makina, how about getting a part-time job at a bakery?
Michiru: Huhhh!? Hey, whoa, slow down! This is Makina we're talking about, you know!? Can she really handle a part-time job!?
Yuuji: Hrm... Makina, Michiru's opinion on the matter seems clear. Tell me, do you agree that it's hopelessly beyond your capabilities?
Makina: No way! It's only hopeless if ya decide it is! The word "impossible" ain't in my voca-byah-larry! I can do anything if I believe in myself!
Yuuji: Nicely said.
Michiru: Fine. Just don't come crying to me if Makina ends up getting a nasty reality-check... 
Yuuji: So much the better if she does. If you don't know how to learn from your failures, you'll never succeed. Once a kid's out of elementary school, you need to stop holding their hand all the time, or they'll never grow up...
Yuuji: Let them run around and trip and skin their knees. That's how they learn to pick themselves up off the ground.
Michiru: Uugh... do you have to be so damn smug about it...?
Sachi: Impressive as always, Kazami-san. The rain has graced my plain once again. Hashtag moist.
Yuuji: If you get moist this easily, you're going to end up getting mildew down there...
Amane: What the heck?
Yuuji: Anyway, Makina, having an objective is a laudable thing. Devote yourself to your baking this summer, then fly off to Leyte or Luzon as your whims direct you.
Makina: Heck yeah! I'll flap my way outta this popsicle stand!
Narration: *―And so, with Makina's borderline-nonsensical explosion of enthusiasm, our summer vacation began.*
Narration: *Having a goal in life is a truly admirable thing, just as I pompously informed Makina. But it's not like I've got any well-defined objective of my own.*
Narration: *It's been that way for a long time. I float through my days without any clear direction, staying alive for lack of a better alternative. Every once in a while, someone remembers I exist and shoves a "job" on me.*
Narration: *I thought I came to this school in order to change that aimless way of life...*
Narration: *Not that I had any idea what sort of a change I wanted. I didn't come in with any overblown expectations - just a vague anticipation of something new.*
Narration: *But as it turned out, what changed wasn't so much my purposeless routine; it was the way I viewed the scenery floating past. In other words, my way of thinking itself has changed. Never saw that one coming.*
Amane: Okaaay, lunch is served!
Makina: Yaaay! I'm hella hungry, ya know!? Hungry-mungry! What's on th' menu today?
Amane: Today we've got scattered sushi with a side of clam chowder!
Makina: Yaaah! I love 'em both! I'm dyin' with anticipation!
Yuuji: ...Sushi on rice with clam chowder...? The menu's never exactly coherent, but you're taking things to a whole new level of weird...
Amane: Ahaha, sorry about that. Makina requested them both. Don't worry, though, I made sure to work it out so the meal's nutritionally balanced.
Makina: Awwwright! I'm gonna chow down like I've never chowed before!
Narration: *A combination of a very Japanese seafood dish and a very Western soup... It's the culinary equivalent of wearing a kimono with combat boots. But mysteriously, when I actually give it a try, the tastes don't particularly clash.*
Narration: *Most likely, Amane's diligent efforts weren't directed solely toward the nutritional front. I'm sure she adjusted the flavor of the two dishes to complement each other.*
Narration: *The sushi's lightly seasoned with shiitake mushrooms and other vegetables, all boiled to a pleasant firmness; the chowder's just salty enough, its scent reminiscent of the sea. A surprising combo, yes, but the taste is soothing.*
Makina: Mmmm... friggin' deelish... Ama-nee's cookin' is just stupid good, no bouts a-doubt it.
Yuuji: Indeed it is. Her mother must have raised her well... Marry a woman like this, and you'll never come to regret it. Makina, my friend, I encourage you to learn from her example.
Amane: Ahaha... talk about over-the-top.
Makina: But fer some reason, she really throws in a lotta boiled veggies...
Yuuji: Hardly anything to complain about. Gives you that home-cooking feel, right? It's like something a mother would make.
Narration: *For me, "maternal cooking" is associated with memories of canned food. But Amane's meals always make me think of the idealized, perfect mother I pictured as a child. Her food's comforting, somehow.*
Narration: *If you have the money to spend, you can get as much exotic gourmet food as you want. But a meal that conveys this sort of simple, earnest warmth is far harder to come by.*
Makina: Lookit all this stuff, though. Seaweed? Butterbur plants? Less like mom's cookin' and more like grandma's, if ya ask me. What are these tubery things supposed ta be, anyway?
Makina: I mean, yeah, okay. It's about a billion times better than that flavorless, soggy food I used ta eat in the hospital every single day. An' I'm really grateful to have it.
Makina: But we youngsters wanna eat some fatty, super-intense food every once in a while, ya know?
Amane: Oh, please. As if you aren't eating plenty behind my back... I mean, you came home just the other day with your mouth absolutely shining with grease. What had you been eating, hmm?
Makina: Aauu... jus' a lil' fried chicken down at the convenience store...
Amane: Geez... I'm not saying you can't eat that stuff, but you need to let me know when you do. How many times do I have to tell you this?
Makina: Uuu, yeah... I know.
Amane: Also, you need to stop gulping your food down like a starving hyena. Are you even chewing that before you swallow?
Makina: Uoh... she's jumped straight into naggin' mommy mode... I don't like the way the wind's blowin'...
Yuuji: ...Hmm? What's that sound?
Narration: *The grating pattern of electronic beeps seems to be emerging from the egg-shaped digital pet dangling at Makina's waist.*
Makina: Oooh crap, that ain't good! It's already this late!? I gotta get to my interview at th' bakery! Thanks fer th' food!!
Amane: Ah! Hey! Hold it, Makina!
Makina: Sorrrry, Ama-neee! I'll letcha finish that scolding once I get back, okay!? See ya later!!
Amane: Geeeez... Oh well, guess I'll let her off the hook for now...
Yuuji: Well, she did finish everything on her plate before she ran off. No big deal.
Amane: Hmmm... Still, Makina working part-time at a bakery...? To be honest, I'm really worried about this...
Yuuji: I understand how you feel, but the girl's jumping into something on her own initiative. That's a good thing, don't you think? All you have to do is take a step back and watch over her affectionately.
Amane: I do understand that, but... I dunno... Am I too much of a worrywart?
Yuuji: Makina being the way she is, it'd be stranger if you weren't at least a little concerned... But unless you show some faith at times, it'll undercut her self-esteem and give her an excuse not to try.
Amane: Mmm... you're right...
Yuuji: It'll be all right. Makina's much more clever than she looks. She'll do well.
Amane: ...Heheh...
Yuuji: Hm? What's so funny?
Amane: This conversation. Don't we kinda seem like a mom and dad right now?
Yuuji: You might be right...
Amane: You know... these uneventful, perfectly normal days we're living right now... are really wonderful...
Yuuji: Yeah... you're definitely not wrong about that...
Narration: *"Normal."*
Narration: *Right... normality.*
Narration: *I hadn't been looking for some dramatic change from the start. I wanted to find my way to exactly this sort of peaceful, commonplace existence.*
Narration: *But the ability to appreciate such things is mostly reserved for the elderly. The exception would be those who've been "made" to realize the value of a normal existence early on - by exposure to something worse.*
Yuuji: Amane... are you...
Amane: Hm?
Yuuji: ...No, it's nothing.
Amane: Huh? Whaaat? Silly Yuuji.
Narration: *Come to think of it, the word "normal" is about as vague as it gets.*
Narration: *Normal, typical, average...*
Narration: *These are relative points of reference, entirely dependent on your environment.*
Narration: *You don't have to kill anyone. No one tries to kill you. No one screams in your ear in the middle of the night. You won't see a corpse rotting inside a train carriage.*
Narration: *A moment of pleasure doesn't drag you down into self-loathing and guilt. A moment of misery doesn't lead you to curl up into a ball and weep for forgiveness.*
Narration: *Is that what most of us mean when we say the word "normal?" The absence of such things? Probably so.*
Narration: *But there are people who've lived with such "abnormalities" as their "normal."*
Narration: *"Living normally" is far more difficult than it sounds.*
Narration: *It's only possible when you've found yourself a suitable environment. Someone, someplace, something that enables you to live in peace.*
Narration: *I probably came to this school in an attempt to find what I was missing.*
Narration: *And now that I think about it, the thing I needed―*
Yuuji: ...Might well have been a woman like you, Amane...
Amane: Hmmm? What's that? You say something?
Yuuji: Nothing much... just admiring your knockers. Impressive as always.
Amane: I know, right? Wanna squeeze? Hm?
Yuuji: I'll save that for later. For the moment, I'm going to wash my hair.
Amane: Oh yeah? Okay then, I'll do it for you.
Yuuji: All right then, if you would...
Amane: Okey-dokey.♪
Narration: *By now, I've gotten pretty accustomed to Amane's relentless attempts to take care of my every need, as if I were some helpless invalid.*
Narration: *She must have grown up watching her mother devotedly serve her father, eventually internalizing the idea that waiting on men hand and foot was a woman's "normal" role. That was my original guess, at least.*
Narration: *But when I actually asked her, it seems the truth was quite the opposite. If anything, her father was the busybody of the family: "I got my looks from Ma and my personality from Dad."*
Amane: Okay, here comes the hot water!
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Amane's family on her mother's side runs a well-established restaurant in Kyoto. Her father had been a cook there; after marrying the owners' eldest daughter, he set up his own branch in Tokyo.*
Narration: *Probably because of that history, his attitude toward Amane's mother was always deferential, even servile. Apparently, every once in a while he'd slip up and call her "Miss" in his own home.*
Narration: *When I hear Amane describe the man, he really does sound a lot like her: a pushy busybody with a fundamental timid streak.*
Amane: Okay! While we're at it, I'll wash your back too.
Yuuji: ...Don't mash your tits against me, woman.
Amane: Ah, sorry. I did it on purpose.
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *―But who did she get this total lack of shame from?*
Narration: *Amane herself tells me she inherited it from her grandmother.*
Narration: *Seems the old woman had quite the rack herself back in the day, and taught Amane that breasts are weapons to be used aggressively in conquering men.*
Narration: *...While I'd like to have a frank exchange of opinions with that grandmother of hers, Amane's stories of home always leave me with the impression of a loving, happy family.*
Narration: *As someone who has nothing of the kind, I'm envious. Sometimes it's hard to listen to her without feeling a twinge of bitterness. But even when I know it's showing on my face, Amane keeps right on going without a hint of concern.*
Narration: *And she always concludes her stories with the same phrase.*
Narration: *"If you marry me, they'll be your family too, you know?"*
Narration: *―Yeah.*
Narration: *Not an impossible scenario.*
Narration: *I've already begun to consider the possibility of starting a family with Amane, and more importantly, the girl seems to be quite willing to move things in that direction. Even eager.*
Narration: *She was a virgin not that long ago, but lately she's been demanding physical contact to a degree that seems downright abnormal.*
Narration: *Anal sex, titty-fucking, and beyond... Whenever some new idea occurs to her, she immediately puts it to the test.*
Narration: *After summer vacation started, on more than one occasion we literally spent an entire day having sex.*
Narration: *...On that note. A few days ago Michiru stopped by my room, but the instant she set foot inside, she jerked her head back and wrinkled her brow.*
Narration: *I've often heard it said that people who spend too much time in a room become completely unable to recognize what it smells like, and apparently it's true―*
Narration: *Michiru screwed up her face into a grimace at the thick, lingering stench of our various bodily fluids, hissed "What the heck have you people been doing in here!?" and stormed off.*
Yuuji: ...That was a bit over the top, any way you look at it...
Amane: Hm? Whatcha talkin' about?
Yuuji: Our sex marathon. Even for me, twelve times in a single day was a first...
Amane: Ahahaha. Yeah, I was all "I'll squeeze every last drop out of you today!!" Mission successful, I guess. That well was pretty darn dry by the end!
Yuuji: No matter how many condoms we buy, there's never enough.
Amane: Buying them is kinda embarrassing too, isn't it? This lady at the drugstore counter gave me this incredulous "Good lord, again!?" the other day.
Yuuji: To which you naturally responded "Jealous, huh?"
Amane: Ahaha, sorry, even I'm not quite that brazen... By the way, isn't there some urban legend about guys shooting out a red ball if they come too much? Is that for real?
Yuuji: Can't say... Never tried.
Amane: We've been going at it pretty dang fast and furious, but I haven't seen one pop out yet. I wonder how much sex it'd take?
Yuuji: If a red one pops out at the end, wouldn't you get a yellow one first?
Amane: Ahh, a yellow alert? Like a stoplight or whatever?
Yuuji: Right. Seems logical.
Amane: ...Pfft... hahahahahaha!!
Yuuji: What's with you...?
Amane: Oh, c'mon. We just had a seriously idiotic conversation, don't you think?
Yuuji: All men look like idiots to a sensible woman. Better get used to it.
Amane: ...Hey... Yuuji...
Yuuji: Hm?
Amane: ...What're we gonna do if I get pregnant?
Yuuji: Have a baby, as far as I'm concerned. I've got the savings to support a kid or two, so long as we're reasonably frugal.
Amane: Wow, that's a surprise... You've been saving for the future?
Yuuji: No, I just haven't really had anything to spend my money on...
Amane: Hey... hypothetically, would you want a girl or a boy?
Yuuji: A girl, I'd say.
Amane: Why?
Yuuji: I like the idea of playing with my daughter in the bathtub.
Amane: ...Oh god, you're going to yank on your own child's hymen? Are you mentally diseased...? 
Yuuji: Okay, woman... you've crossed a line here.
Amane: He...! Owwww! Don't pinch my love handles!!
Yuuji: Hm? Amane, have you lost a little weight...?
Amane: Huh? Oh, have I? Ah... I wonder why? Well, it feels like I've been shaking my hips constantly these days. Maybe that's got something to do with it...?
Yuuji: Come to think of it, our summer vacation has so far consisted of shutting ourselves up in the room and fucking vigorously around the clock...
Amane: Mmm... yeah, true enough. Well, I guess I'm happy to lose a little weight. But maybe you could take your girlfriend out somewhere every once in a while, you know? Eat some tasty food together, fatten her up a bit?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... hadn't even considered the idea...
Amane: ...Look, you...
Yuuji: All right then... I'll give it some thought. What are we talking about here...? An amusement park, something of that sort?
Amane: Ah, that sounds kind of fun! Some place where we can spread out a blanket and have a picnic lunch would be perfect!
Yuuji: Let's see... The zoo sounds most appropriate, in that case.
Amane: Yeah, I like this idea! Let's go, for real! We can take Makina too!
Yuuji: It wouldn't exactly be a date if we did. Just us, all right?
Amane: Huh? Is that really okay...? Won't Makina get all sulky?
Yuuji: Well, if we ask her straight-out to let us have a date to ourselves, I doubt she'll throw much of a fuss... Don't worry, I'll handle that.
Amane: Awesome!! I'm so looking forward to this! Hey, when's it gonna be!?
Yuuji: Good question... Well, any day's fine by me, I guess...
Amane: Okay, so how about tomorrow? Let's make it tomorrow!
Yuuji: Pretty sudden, don't you think...?
Amane: ...Pleeease?
Yuuji: Well, all right...
Amane: All right! That's a promise, okay!? Once I get out of the bath, I'm gonna get right to work on our lunch!
Yuuji: ...Hate to distract you from your enthusiasm, but how long do you plan on leaving me covered in bubbles?
Amane: Wah! Sorry, sorry! I'll rinse you off! Okay, close your eyes.
Yuuji: Mm...
Narration: *"If it was going to make her this happy, I wish I'd come up with the idea earlier."*
Narration: *It was a carefree thought. A product of the relaxed life I'd been enjoying of late.*
Narration: *I guess I'd just forgotten. However my perspective on the world might change, a truly "normal" life requires something like freedom.*

Makina: Ama-neeeee! Where are you!? Ama-neeeee!!
Yuuji: See? It seems your presence is requested.
Amane: Oh crap... Uh, sorry, Yuuji... Can you help me fix my yukata...?
Yuuji: If you insist... No, wait, there's a bigger problem here! Your face!
Amane: Oh shit! It's covered in come! Tissue, stat!
Yuuji: Here, I'll wipe it off. You focus on getting that yukata back on straight...
Amane: Mnng... than'gs... Hey, that hurts! Don't pull m'nose!
Yuuji: Hahahaha, hideous.
Amane: Are you trying to make me mad?
Amane: Makina, over here! Everything okay?
Makina: Ah! There ya are, Ama-nee!
Amane: What's up? Something wrong?
Makina: Mm... well, ya know, I gotta go to th' potty...
Amane: So why don't you...? Oh... right, you're in a yukata and all. Do you think you can do it without messing up the sash?
Makina: Uuu... I don' think so...
Amane: All right, then. I'll come with you...
Makina: ...Sorry.
Amane: It's fine. We can't have that nice yukata getting dirty. C'mon, let's go.
Makina: 'Kay.
Amane: Okay, Yuuji, we're gonna excuse ourselves for a minute...
Yuuji: Right. I'll be waiting here.
Amane: We'll be back in no time.
Narration: *...Is it just me, or does she seem more motherly by the day? Even grandmotherly?*
Narration: *Well, I'm not sure if the old-lady side of Amane's personality is growing more pronounced, or if Makina's just reverting even further into childishness...*
Narration: *Probably a little of column A and a little of column B?*
Narration: *Of course, Amane's ongoing transformation into a domestic-minded grandma hasn't had any adverse effects on her sex drive.*
Narration: *If anything, it's quite the opposite... She's been almost dangerously horny lately... I feel like we're starting to get into some risky territory here.*
Narration: *Oh my god... isn't that "Cockroach"...? See, that girl with the long hair...*
Narration: *Huh? Really? Which one...?*
Narration: *Look, see that woman pulling the little girl along by the hand? She said "Amane," I'm sure of it. It's gotta be her.*
Narration: *Ah... you're right, that totally is her. I didn't even recognize her without the glasses...*
Narration: *Aw, gross... What's Cockroach doing here? Was this where she ended up transferring?*
Narration: *As if I'd know... Look, can you stop bringing up nasty memories...? Makes me want to puke...*
Narration: *"...Cockroach...?"*
Narration: *Apparently oblivious to my presence, the girls in front of me point furtively in Amane's direction, grimacing in what looks like revulsion.*
Narration: *What should we do? Want to say something to her?*
Narration: *Gross... Let's not. Just pretend we didn't see her, okay?*
Narration: *C'mon, might as well take a photo, at least...*
Narration: *Stop it! Look, can we just go, please? I'm still kind of traumatized by that whole nightmare...*
Narration: *Fine, fine, you don't have to push...!*
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *A "nightmare...?" "Cockroach...?"*
Narration: *What's that supposed to mean...? Are those two acquaintances of Amane's...?*
Narration: *I'm tempted to call out to them before they can hurry away, but this doesn't exactly seem like a topic they'd be happy to casually discuss with a stranger.*
Narration: *"What do I do...?"*
Narration: *As I hesitate, the pair of girls walk quickly off toward the opposite side of the festival, in what seems to be a deliberate attempt to avoid any possible encounter with Amane. They quickly vanish into the crowd.*
Yuuji: ..."Cockroach"... is it...?
Narration: *Doesn't exactly have a pleasant ring to it...*
Narration: *Most likely, that... "nickname" has something to do with Amane's past. The reason why she transferred to this school...*
Narration: *Come to think of it, to this point I haven't really concerned myself too deeply with any of that.*
Narration: *Probably because the Amane I know tries so hard to be a cheerful, strong woman. And is usually very convincing at it.*
Narration: *Probably because of my own complacency. Why take the risk of prying? Things seem all right the way they are.*
Narration: *Just as Amane doesn't want to know about my job, perhaps there's a part of me that doesn't want to know about her past. Maybe I've been unconsciously avoiding the topic.*
Narration: *But―*
Yuuji: ...Is that really the way it should be...?
Narration: *If I take Sakaki's word for it, Amane will eventually tell me the truth on her own initiative... and prolonged silence will hurt her more than me.*
Narration: *Does that mean I should just wait patiently? Let Amane approach me in her own time, if ever?*
Narration: *Or should I come out and ask, to help nudge Amane toward finally getting it off her chest?*
Narration: *I don't know for sure... but I do think this isn't something I should decide all by myself. It's not just my problem, after all.*
Narration: *The reasonable thing would be to honestly discuss the matter, in the spirit of a bilateral relationship.*
Amane: We're back! Sorry 'bout that.
Yuuji: ...Not a problem...
Makina: Nwo? Ya got a kinda weird look on yer face... We make ya wait too long...?
Amane: Ahahahaha... yeah, sorry it took so long. Makina was really tinkling away endlessly in there, you know...
Makina: Nwah! Ya got no heart, Ama-nee! Don't pretend like you weren't peein' up a storm too!! If anythin', I think you pissed longer than me, ya know!?
Amane: Wha-! Look, missy! Don't shout that stuff for the whole street to hear!!
Yuuji: Amane, let me ask you something...
Amane: Hmm? Ah, okay... What's up? You're acting kind of serious all of a sudden...
Yuuji: There's something I want to discuss with you later. Can you spare some time tonight?
Amane: ...Huh? W-What? Can't we talk about it now?
Yuuji: If possible, I'd like to be alone. It's kind of important.
Amane: Okay... sure...
Makina: Hmmm? What's goin' on? Ama-nee, ya do somethin' bad? He gonna give you a scoldin'?
Amane: That's not it! At least... I don't... think it is?
Makina: Ooh, I bet I know what's goin' on. Maybe ya dialed the slut act up a bit too high an' pissed him off? Like, "how about ya restrain yerself once in a while, woman!" or whatever.
Amane: I-Is that it...?
Yuuji: No, not even close.
Amane: What the heck!? It's really bugging me now!! Just tell me already!!　
Yuuji: No rush, we've still got a festival to enjoy. Let's live in the moment, like the dissolute modern youths we are.
Makina: Aye! Let's do this thang!!
Amane: Seriously...? That's really not how I work. This is gonna bug me all night, you know...? Aaaagh...
Sachi: I-It's a disaster! Oh, the humanity! Come quickly, everyone!!
Yuuji: ...Hm? What's wrong, Sachi?
Sachi: It's Michiru-sama! Uhm... Michiru-sama has...! Aah... how to explain!? <Goddamn!!>
Yuuji: Good to see you've been working on your English vocabulary, but it's not helping right now. Calm down and explain what happened in chronological order.
Sachi: Yes, uhm! Michiru-sama got rather carried away with excitement and was beating a drum on the Bon dance tower when an enormous rhinoceros beetle dive-bombed her at fearsome speed and lodged solidly into the side of her head!
Yuuji: What!? And then!?
Sachi: Uhm... well... Michiru-sama shrieked "ah'hwah" in a rather strange tone of voice! While writhing around, desperately trying to remove the beetle from the side of her head, she tumbled right off the tower!
Sachi: What's more, she landed directly on top of a beautifully blazing bonfire!!
Yuuji: She fell in the fire!? And then!?
Sachi: Yes! Michiru-sama screamed "Uhoooss!" Smoke rising from her rear end like the proverbial liar among liars, she charged toward the nearby turtle-scooping stall and dived into the water tank!
Sachi: She's currently being severely scolded by the owner of the turtle scooping stall!!
Yuuji: Understood! How bad are Michiru's injuries!?
Sachi: Barely a scratch on her!
Makina: Aah... Chiruchiru's so indestructible it's kinda creepy, ya know...
Yuuji: Fortuitous that she wasn't injured. Either way, I suppose we're obligated to back her up here. I'll go apologize as well.
Makina: Whaaaat? Ta be perfeck'ly honest, this sounds like a pain in th' butt...
Yuuji: Classmates have a responsibility to cover for each other's blunders. If she broke something, we'll have to repair it for them. I'll go as our representative.
Amane: Ahn! Wait up! I'll come too...
Makina: Alright, alright. Guess I gotta do my bit. Geez, that Chiruchiru brings a lil' stormcloud of trouble with her wherever she goes...
Sachi: And yet... you do love Michiru-sama, don't you?
Makina: Yep. Kids are cuter when they've got marshmallow fluff where their brains oughtta be. C'mon, let's get goin', Sacchin.
Sachi: Yes!
Narration: *Since his business had been disrupted just as the festival crowd was beginning to bustle in earnest, I'd been prepared for the storekeeper to be pretty indignant. But when we arrive at the stall, my expectations are turned on their head.*
Michiru: Hey hey! Turtle, turtle, turtle-scooping! Getch'er super cute turtles here! Yours to raise! Yours to eat! Yours to stroke and squeeze! Turtle supremacy! C'mon, step right up!
Narration: *Apparently having negotiated a settlement with the turtle stand's owner, Michiru's standing in front of the stall, energetically barking for customers.*
Yuuji: Can't say I've ever seen such vigorous turtle salesmanship before...
Makina: Hold on a sec here... Can ya really eat green turtles?
Amane: Well, most turtles are edible. You probably could if you had to... Uh, I'm more curious about the "stroking and squeezing" part...
Sachi: Ah, so that caught your attention, did it? Not that I'd expect any different from you, Amane-san...
Amane: Huh? Wait, did you just call me a slut...?
Sachi: I'm offended by the very suggestion.
Yuuji: ...Anyway... I think Michiru's going to find her way through life, even without our help... Through sheer resilience, if nothing else...
Narration: *And so, after a lengthy evening of utter nonsense and pleasant memories, the hour hand of the clock hit nine. As the brilliant lights of the festival began to dim, we returned together to the dorm.*
Narration: *Incidentally, a minor digression: Sachi looked into the matter and discovered that the Mississippi red-eared turtle (popularly known as the green turtle) is perfectly edible if properly processed beforehand―*
Narration: *But of course, none of us would put this to the test.*
Amane: ...And? You said you wanted to talk to me...? About what?
Yuuji: Right... about that... Okay, let me think about how I want to say this...
Amane: What the heck? Is it some awkward subject?
Yuuji: Yeah... pretty damn awkward...
Amane: ...Huh? What, about your job? In that case, I don't really need to...
Yuuji: No, it's not my job... It's about you, Amane...
Amane: About me...? What...?
Yuuji: ...Amane, let me ask you something... and please, hear me out before you take offense. Does the nickname "Cockroach" mean anything to you...?
Amane: ...Cock...roach...?
Yuuji: Right... ring any bells?
Amane: Who'd you hear that from...?
Yuuji: At the festival today, I happened to overhear two girls talking... Got the idea they were probably old acquaintances of yours...
Amane: I see...
Yuuji: Am I right to think that word has something to do with your past...?
Amane: ............
Yuuji: Well... don't get me wrong. I'm not going to drag anything out of you.
Yuuji: It's just... I don't know... If your memories are still causing you some worry or pain, I'd want to do anything I can to help... That's all...
Yuuji: Of course, your past is your own business. If you tell me to leave it alone and never bring it up again, I'll accept that and abide by it. You did the same for me, after all...
Yuuji: But if, by some chance, you need to get something off your chest... I'll listen. I'll help you any way I can.
Yuuji: What I can do for you... probably doesn't amount to much, granted... but I don't have anything else to offer...
Yuuji: Tell me, Amane... what should I do? Should I pretend I didn't hear anything and forget about this...? Or can I help you in some way...? I can't figure this out alone...
Amane: ............
Yuuji: ...Amane...
Amane: ...I see...
Amane: I see! You found out, huh!? Well, I guess that's that!
Yuuji: ...Amane...?
Amane: ...Takizono Private Academy. Class 1-A. Member of the basketball team. Kazami Kazuki... You're familiar with the name, of course?
Yuuji: ...!!?
Amane: ...Six years ago, August 14. On the way back from the basketball team's summer training camp... a vehicle carrying 14 people, including her, disappeared without a trace. Popularly known as the "Takizono Academy Bus Disaster."
Amane: And out of those 14... I was... the only survivor...
Yuuji: ...Are you... serious...?
Amane: There's no way I'd lie about something like that...
Narration: *My elder sister... Kazami Kazuki...*
Narration: *When she disappeared... it destroyed my family...*
Narration: *And the one girl... who lived through that disaster... was Amane?*
Yuuji: ...That's... your past...?
Amane: Yep, that's right... I was your sister's classmate, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Why...!? Why didn't you...!!
Amane: Sorry... I just couldn't bring myself to tell you...
Amane: I knew from the day you transferred... the moment you introduced yourself as "Kazami Yuuji..." but I couldn't tell you...
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *...Well... of course she couldn't...*
Narration: *I'm... the family Kazuki left behind...*
Narration: *It must have been a complete bombshell... There's no way you'd be able to figure out a situation like that on the spur of the moment...*
Yuuji: ...I... see... Yeah, makes sense...
Amane: About the accident six years ago... you know what happened, I assume?
Yuuji: Yeah... the general picture, at least...
Narration: *...Six years ago, August 14... on the way back from a training camp, the Takizono Academy basketball team's school bus plunged off a cliff.*
Narration: *An extensive search was abandoned in failure 14 days after the girls disappeared; but in the end, a single survivor managed to find her own way to safety. It was a widely-reported incident at the time.*
Narration: *It's hard to believe... that was Amane...*
Narration: *That lone survivor was a major focus of media attention for some time after the fact.*
Narration: *Speculation gave rise to rumors. Many outlets questioned the "means" by which that single girl had survived the cruel ordeal that claimed the lives of her classmates.*
Narration: *In mass media, extreme and shocking news sells... The lone survivor was subjected to vicious gossip on television and in print. They did stop short of publishing her name. Probably out of legal concerns rather than ethical ones.*
Narration: *Television shows exploited footage of the weeping families as a backdrop for lurid gossip about the deaths of their children...*
Narration: *Tabloid magazines published vivid, unsourced descriptions of hellish conditions... using loaded questions and innuendo to suggest the girl had survived only by becoming something less than human...*
Narration: *Among these, some articles even discussed the interpersonal dynamics of the doomed team... Their "relationships"...*
Yuuji: ...And you're... that lone survivor...
Amane: I know you must be pretty shocked to have this dropped on you out of nowhere... and anything I say right now... will probably sound like the excuses of a coward who clawed her way to safety alone...
Amane: ...Could you wait here for just a second...? I've got something I want to show you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: What...?
Narration: *Amane leaves my room, and ten long minutes crawl by before she returns...*
Narration: *I spend every moment trying to piece together my scrambled thoughts.*
Narration: *"What the hell... is this...?"*
Narration: *"When I arrived at Mihama... Amane had already been here for a good year..."*
Narration: *"Of course... Principal Tachibana must have known everything..."*
Narration: *"She knew about all this... and didn't say a word? Just... left me and Amane to sort it out for ourselves?"*
Narration: *"I know she has that non-interference policy... but this feels more like negligence..."*
Narration: *"And... there's Sakaki, too... She's looked into all of our backgrounds... She obviously knew the facts... and she didn't say a damn word...?"*
Narration: *"Hold on... Calm down. Consider this from their perspective... What would I have done in their shoes...?"*
Narration: *"Yeah... I don't think I could have acted differently... It's too sensitive a problem... The two of us are the only ones who can resolve it. They weren't wrong to act as they did..."*
Narration: *"And... if I was in Amane's shoes...?"*
Narration: *"If a relative of the classmate who died while I lived... transferred into my school... Could I have told the truth in that moment, straight out...?"*
Narration: *"I really don't think so..."*
Narration: *"Had I been in Amane's position, I would have waited... slowly steeled my resolve, tried to find the right moment to confess the truth..."*
Narration: *"That's right... I don't have the right to blame Amane... I would've made the same decision myself..."*
Narration: *"And to tell the truth now... after everything that's happened between us... must have taken an incredible amount of courage on her part... She's downright admirable..."*
Narration: *"Rather than thinking about whether I can blame her... maybe I should be taking a look at myself. Did I just shatter Amane's peace of mind... out of nothing more than hypocritical curiosity...?"*
Narration: *"I'm..."*
Amane: ...Sorry... didn't mean to keep you waiting... Take a look at this...
Narration: *Amane holds out a beaten-up old notebook toward me...*
Narration: *The dates written on the cover... a few months of that summer, six years ago...*
Yuuji: ...This is your...
Amane: My diary... of those days... I wrote it all down. Everything's in here... 
Yuuji: ...Are you sure about this...?
Amane: Yeah. I think you have... the right to see this...
Yuuji: ...All right... I'll read it.
Amane: Starting on page 18 of that notebook... is the entry I wrote immediately after we were stranded...
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *Six years ago... August 14th...*
Narration: *I lower my gaze to the diary, its pages well-worn from Amane's hands. She's clearly reread it many, many times.*
Narration: *The contents of those pages left me staggered―*

Date: *July 15, 2011, 21:56 - School Dormitory*
Narration: *―In my workplace, when someone asks "What are your hobbies?" the young people will inevitably answer "Shogi" or "Go," and the ones getting on in years will just as predictably respond "Golf" or "Gardening."*
Narration: *All of these have something in common: they're exceptionally safe, conventional interests. Logical enough, because the company is never pleased to hear about a hobby that might strongly influence your way of thinking.*
Narration: *It might sound like a joke, but if you respond "I'm a film buff," they'd immediately ask "What kind of films?"*
Narration: *Mention some extreme action movie or gruesome war epic, and you'll get a nasty frown at the very least.*
Narration: *Answer "reading," and you'll get the same treatment.*
Narration: *In fact, the limited selection of books sold in the company store have almost all been strictly censored―*
Narration: *So if you want to read freely, your only real option is to use an off day to sneak out to some bookstore in the city, then read your purchase in one go at some coffee shop or restaurant.*
Narration: *Nobody cares how many nudie magazines or explicit pinups you leave lying around on your shelf, but a single mystery novel is off-limits. It's a load of crap, honestly.*
Narration: *You wouldn't guess it to look at me, but I'm a genuine bookworm. I liked books even as a child, and ever since living with my master, I've been reading a little before bed every night at the very least.*
Narration: *Back when I was in the company "dorm" where reading was restricted, I'd scrape up all the golf and gardening magazines I could find lying around. Poor substitute for the real thing, but still better than nothing.*
Narration: *And none of this has changed. When I have empty time, I fill it by reading books. Right now, I'm perfectly free to read whatever I want. That's a genuinely wonderful thing.*
Amane: ...Hey, Yuuji. What're you reading?
Yuuji: Hm? Oh... just some book Sakaki finished. She was going to throw it away, so I took it off her hands...
Amane: What's it called? Is it interesting?
Yuuji: The title and author aren't particularly important. Sakaki said it was "garbage."
Amane: ...Hmmm...
Narration: *It's a translated foreign novel, and according to the synopsis on the back cover―*
Narration: *An aristocratic vampire, driven from his country and reduced to living in a public park bathroom, saves a homeless girl on a whim... Some sort of a love story, I guess.*
Narration: *At this point, there haven't been any striking developments in the plot, but there was one slightly amusing scene where the vampire tried to make a street-corner mailbox into his new home.*
Amane: ...Hey... you've got a girl in your room, you know? Let's play...
Yuuji: All right, fine by me. What did you have in mind?
Amane: Hmm... something fun, I guess...
Yuuji: Be more specific.
Amane: ...Uhhhhm...
Yuuji: Okay, you just let me know when you make up your mind.
Amane: Heeey! Geez! What the heck!? How about you brainstorm with me!
Yuuji: If you're bored, how about you try reading a book? There's a mountain of ones I'm finished with over there.
Amane: Books... What, these?
Narration: *I point over Amane's shoulder, and she turns around to face a genuinely mountainous pile of books.*
Narration: *"Kyoji Watanabe: Wings of the Unknown;" "A.J. Sinclair: The Beast that Trembled;" "Moving up the Ladder: The 7 Habits Holding You Back;" "Housewife's Friend Series: Master the Character Bentou;" "Hibiki Riku: Okada Lives."*
Amane: Non-fiction, foreign mysteries, self-help manuals, cookbooks, young adult novels... You're beyond indiscriminate. Is there any kind of book you won't read?
Yuuji: There's a wide range, so just pick something that appeals to you.
Amane: ...None of these appeal to me at all...
Yuuji: You have the freedom to read. Don't waste it... Or what, do you hate books?
Amane: I don't really hate reading or anything, but... don't you have anything else?
Yuuji: ...Hey, you. Stop peeking under my bed.
Amane: Hiding any dirty magazines down there?
Yuuji: No, can't say that I am... But tell me, what were you planning to do if I was? Read them?
Amane: Maybe just a little. I could look for the dog-eared pages to figure out your taste in women, you know? I've got you pinned as a big-titty man at the moment. Confirm? Deny?
Yuuji: ............
Amane: Aah, you're ignoring me! That was not an option! Won't even dignify my foolishness with a response, huh? "Clearly, this woman's breasts developed at the expense of her brain," is it?
Yuuji: What do you want from me? If you're that bored, why don't you go watch television with Makina?
Amane: ...Hummmph... we have some time to ourselves for once, you know? Let's play... This is laaame...
Yuuji: Sorry. I happen to be a lame human being.
Narration: *I mean, it's not like I find the idea of playing around with Amane particularly unpleasant myself. It's just that I don't know any "games" that a woman would likely enjoy.*
Narration: *Amane's not quite as easy to handle as Makina in this regard, since I can't just hand over some half-assed "toy" and expect her to amuse herself―*
Narration: *But I guess the problem is really more on my end, since I'm drawing a complete blank on activities that an adult female would find pleasurable.*
Narration: *Through trial and error, I've picked up the knack of "appealing" to women when I need something. But that doesn't mean I know what "appeals" to them in general; that requires more understanding of female psychology than I possess.*
Narration: *Well then, I'm at something of a loss... Let's see, what did the other women in my life do with their free time...?*
Narration: *My master wasn't particularly different from me; she loved to read. Especially on rainy days when she didn't have anything particular to do, she was content to pass time with a book, a pack of cigarettes, and a pot of coffee.*
Narration: *In fact, I think it's fair to say that my master is largely to blame for turning me into such a wildly indiscriminate reader as to earn Amane's scorn.*
Narration: *Excluding her, I guess that irritating shaggy-head "Julia" - a.k.a. JB - would be the woman I've spent the most time with. But she isn't a particularly useful point of reference.*
Narration: *After all, when she got bored that bizarre woman's favorite pastime was cutting my hair.*
Narration: *"Isn't it getting in your eyes by now? Want me to give you a little trim?"*
Narration: *―As soon as those words were out of her mouth, typically before I even had the chance to respond...*
Narration: *She'd hustle me off into the bathroom, wet my head, and snap her scissors together enthusiastically with the maniacal grin of an axe murderer. Within seconds, she'd be shearing off great chunks of my hair.*
Narration: *I guess it saved me money on haircuts, yes, but... the woman would get so vigorous with her scissors that she'd frequently end up cutting my ear along with the hair. Even my saint-like patience gave way on a few occasions―*
Narration: *But contrition is a foreign concept to that woman. In another month, she'd be brandishing her shears again.*
Narration: *Anyway, I'm pretty sure cutting my hair isn't Amane's idea of a good time, so I've still got nothing. That said, if I keep up this silence much longer she's probably going to get sulky, which I'd really like to avoid.*
Narration: *I guess I should at least own up to this regrettable state of affairs. That should demonstrate that my intentions are good, if nothing else.*
Yuuji: All right, I got it...
Narration: *If there's no easy answer, we can just discuss the matter at length. I close the book in my hand with a decisive thunk.*
Narration: *Apparently perceiving a mild tinge of irritation in my action, Amane jerks up straight. Her body trembling slightly, she looks up at me with puppydog eyes.*
Amane: ...Are you angry...? I'm sorry...
Yuuji: No, I'm not really angry or anything...
Narration: *You'd certainly think Amane's a tough, thick-skinned woman, judging from her habitually confident attitude. But that's nothing more than an act, assumed for the sake of those around her who need a "big sister" in their lives.*
Narration: *I forget exactly when, but the girl once evaluated herself as a "natural-born masochist." If anything, her true nature seems to lie more on the timid, faint-hearted side of things.*
Yuuji: I'm going to call it quits on the reading. What do you feel like doing, Amane? Anything's fine.
Amane: Okay. Want to have sex?
Yuuji: ...I guess I don't mind, but... don't you have any other ideas?
Amane: Nope!
Yuuji: Guess there's nothing for it, then...
Narration: *Amane brings out her standard gag. Taking it seriously tends to lead to headaches, but at this point I'm pretty sure she just wants me to pay attention to her―*
Narration: *So I guess it won't kill me to play along with the joke every once in a while, if that's what she wants.*
Amane: So what's the plan? Shall we get in the bath together beforehand?
Yuuji: You can go first. Don't want me staring at you washing yourself, do you?
Amane: Nice job as always, Yuuji! You really are used to dealing with women!
Narration: *As she speaks, Amane begins to undress in front of my eyes without a hint of hesitation.*
Narration: *She walks around half-naked in the first place, so it doesn't even take a minute for her to get practically nude.*
Narration: *As I watch her work, I begin to get slightly exasperated. "Come on, how far is she planning to string this out?" ...But in the next moment, she's peeling off her bra and panties as well.*
Yuuji: Uh, hey, hold it...!
Narration: *At this point, I'm no longer able to keep up the straightman role.*
Amane: Hm? Ah, right, sorry. Did you want to take my clothes off yourself?
Yuuji: No, that's not the problem here... just how long are you going to keep up this crappy attempt at a gag...? 
Amane: ...A gag?
Yuuji: Hey, Amane... I'm sure I'm misunderstanding here, but I want to ask you something. Just to be on the safe side.
Amane: Shoot.
Yuuji: ...Are you seriously planning to do this?
Amane: Uh, now you ask this...? I've already taken off all my clothes, if you hadn't noticed... You're not going to say it was all a joke this late in the game, right?
Yuuji: Don't you think you're seriously rushing things here?
Amane: Let me ask you a question. Do guys ever get really horny out of nowhere?
Yuuji: ...Yes, not uncommon...
Amane: Happens to girls too. Satisfied now?
Yuuji: No. Not in the least.
Amane: Huhhhh?
Yuuji: Spare me the incredulous groan...
Narration: *What the hell is with this completely casual attitude? You'd think she was proposing a game of frisbee or something...*
Narration: *You often hear that our culture is shifting toward western norms, not only in matters of cuisine but also in terms of sexual frankness... but is this really just the way modern girls are? I'm finding that hard to believe...*
Yuuji: You're sure jumping right into the thick of things for a girl who hadn't even been kissed as of a few days ago...
Amane: Aaah... well, that's true... but, you know, I am your girlfriend now. Gotta be ready when you get in the mood, or you'll have to go messing around to satisfy your needs―
Amane: So I figured I might as well let you take my virginity sooner rather than later, you know?
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Okay. What am I supposed to do about this...?*
Amane: Geez... what do you have to complain about, anyway? You've got a sexy-cute girl throwing herself at you here.
Amane: Ah... maybe virgins are too much of a pain in the ass? Guess I can always go have some dirty old man pop my cherry, if you want...
Yuuji: Idiot!
Amane: Owwwwwie!!
Yuuji: If you're that desperate to lose your damn virginity, I'll take it! Don't go giving it to somebody you don't even know!
Amane: The heeeck... It was just a joke. Don't have to get all worked up about it...
Yuuji: Nobody's going to laugh at a joke like that, for future reference...
Narration: *Her sense of humor may be seriously disturbing, but I've finally come to understand that Amane's genuinely serious about this...*
Narration: *Maybe this should be the part where I gently drop my jacket around her trembling shoulders and say "...Don't overdo it..." like a cool, self-controlled movie protagonist or something...*
Narration: *But when Amane's gone this far, it doesn't feel right to just reject her...*
Narration: *And if I pulled that self-satisfied act on her after she's stripped to the nude right in front of me, I might well end up smashing her confidence as a woman to smithereens.*
Narration: *Which might very well in turn lead to a nasty grudge, and her spreading rumors about my homosexuality and/or impotence to our classmates... An exceptionally undesirable possibility, any way you look at it.*
Yuuji: ...Guess it can't hurt to give it a try...
Narration: *According to my master: "You spend way too much time worrying, kid. Sometimes you need to pull the fuckin' trigger first and think later."*
Narration: *Worthy advice. And I remember another warning of hers that seems relevant to my current circumstances...*
Narration: *"Look, kid. For future reference, when a woman's naked in front of you like this, the first thing you should do is compliment her."*
Narration: *Hm, I see, I see...*
Narration: *I refocus my attention on the naked girl before me. Specifically, I stare intensely at Amane's completely exposed breasts.*
Yuuji: Nice tits you've got there. Nice tits indeed.
Amane: I know, right? Wanna touch?
Yuuji: What, for free?
Amane: It's a special limited-time offer!
Narration: *Money, time, patience; normally, the men of the world sacrifice all sorts of things in order to obtain their women.*
Narration: *And yet, a girl has just stripped off her own clothes and approached me on her own initiative. I really didn't have to lift a finger at any point in the process that brought us here.*
Narration: *Maybe the morally correct thing would be to sniff daintily and tell her "goodness, miss, shouldn't we get to know each other a little better first?" But the world isn't that pretty a place.*
Narration: *...Normally, something that seems too good to be true puts me on my guard. Especially true when I'm working.*
Narration: *When I subtract the bad from the good and find the former outweighs the latter, I'll instantly abandon the job; but if the good seems overwhelming and there's no apparent risk, I'll pull back just as quickly. That's how I've stayed alive.*
Narration: *Such uniformly positive conditions are often the result of someone consciously constructing a pleasant facade. In order to mask a trap.*
Yuuji: ...For example, Amane, let's say you go outside one morning and find a brand-new luxury sports car sitting in front of the dorm. Keys in the ignition, and a scrap of paper on the door that says "Have fun!" What would you do?
Amane: Hmmm... well, I guess I'd get in? I'd probably get settled in the driver's seat, give the steering wheel a feel, and see if the engine starts.
Yuuji: Even though you have no idea who this car belongs to or where it came from?
Amane: Hey, lucky break, right? Guess I'd think matters over while waiting for it to warm up. If nobody showed up after a few minutes, I'd probably just give it a spin.
Amane: Not that I'd go for a joyride right off the bat. I'd carefully nurse it along with a soft touch on the clutch and ignition. Nice and gently.
Yuuji: I see...
Amane: What's this got to do with anything in the first place...? You planning to buy me a car?
Yuuji: No, that's not it. It was a metaphor for what you're doing right now. Trying to explain my initial reluctance.
Amane: Awwww, laaame... That's a downer. And, uh, why a car analogy?
Yuuji: Figured it'd be easier for you to understand, I guess... What, you want a car?
Amane: Well, if you give me one I sure won't say no...
Yuuji: What kind do you want, specifically?
Amane: A 2000cc domestic with turbo and four-wheel-drive... Uh, hey, wait a second... You seriously thinking about buying me one?
Yuuji: How much would it cost?
Amane: Hold on, back up a second here! You can't do that! It was a joke! I don't need a car!
Yuuji: Look, I was just asking. I didn't say I was going to run out and buy you one.
Amane: Then why did you ask?
Yuuji: Figured it wouldn't hurt to know what the woman I fell in love with wants out of life.
Amane: The woman you fell in love with... What, me...?
Yuuji: I already told you that I love you. Who else would I be talking about?
Amane: ...Y-Yeah... That's right, I guess. I-I'm your girlfriend, aren't I...
Yuuji: Did you just notice? I mean, you're the one who proposed this relationship in the first place, you know?
Amane: Aah... well, yes, that's certainly true, but... when you come out and drive it home that plainly, my heart kind of skips a beat...
Yuuji: Not a problem. That's exactly what I was going for.  ...On an unrelated note, just how long do you intend to keep washing my head?
Narration: *As soon I agreed to enter the bath with her, Amane immediately declared she'd be washing my hair for me.*
Narration: *Why do women have this compulsive need to scrub a guy's head whenever they bathe with one...? My sister, my master, and even JB all did the same thing. It's mystifying.*
Yuuji: Is scrubbing my hair really that much fun?
Amane: Washing a boy's hair in the bath has always been something of a dream of mine, you know?
Amane: I'm an only kid and all, so I used to get kind of jealous when my friends would talk about taking a bath with their little brothers.
Yuuji: You're washing Makina's head every day, aren't you?
Amane: But she's a girl, you know? Big sis roleplaying just isn't the same without a lil' bro.
Yuuji: ...That's why you dragged me into this ridiculous game? Try to put yourself in my shoes here...
Amane: Hm? You say something?
Yuuji: Nothing at all. Go ahead, keep playing with me like a toy while you still can...
Amane: Okay, here comes the shampoo! Close your eyes nice and tiiight.
Yuuji: ...Ubh... bleh... you got it in my mouth...
Amane: Aha, sorry 'bout that. C'mon, lean your head forward, okay?
Yuuji: That hurts, dammit. Don't push my head around.
Amane: Let's see, are we nice and clean yet? *Sniff* *Sniff*...
Yuuji: Don't stick your nose in my hair, either. Are you a dog...?
Amane: All right then, I'll wash your body for you next. Lie down over there, okay?
Yuuji: ...What? This isn't over yet?
Amane: Oh, we're just getting started! C'mon, get moving already.
Yuuji: Hey... calm down, woman...
Narration: *I guess your first experience does tend to inspire this sort of hasty excitement. I remember as much myself. Sheer nerves make it impossible to settle down when things get quiet, but you don't know what to talk about either...*
Narration: *So in order to avoid embarrassing yourself by babbling nervously, you end up pushing right into things in an almost forceful manner.*
Narration: *My first time was pretty similar, to be honest, so I can understand the feeling. I guess it's all right to just let Amane does as she pleases, as my partner did for me, but...*

Yuuji: ...That said, I don't know about jumping straight to this...
Amane: ...Mm... *Smack*... whatcha mean? When a big sis takes a bath with her little bro, she's supposed to wash his body like this, right?
Yuuji: Don't be ridiculous. This is less "brother" and more "brothel."
Amane: Heh... that a fact? *Kiss*... But somebody told me this was the way to do it...
Yuuji: I don't know who told you that, but the girl was off in the head.
Amane: Hmm... well, now that you mention it, her head probably wasn't what you'd call normal...
Amane: ...Uh, more importantly... Yuuji, you go to brothels?
Yuuji: Uh, well... every once in a great while.
Amane: ...Hmmmph... that a fact? Reeeally... grnph.
Yuuji: Ow! Hey, what the...!?
Narration: *Amane sinks her teeth firmly into my chest. Her hand vigorously squeezes my penis like a MotoGP racer gunning the throttle through the final corner of the last lap.*
Yuuji: I couldn't help it, all right!? It's part of my job!
Amane: Oh, I see! Sleeping with women is part of your job? Hmph! You don't say!
Yuuji: ...Cut me a break here...
Narration: *Fact of the matter is, my employer has a "health maintenance" policy that strongly encourages every male employee to sleep with a woman every two months at a minimum...*
Narration: *When your workplace and living quarters are packed with men and only men, it's easy to end up in an extended dry spell. This often leads to decreased focus and drive, as well as a shorter fuse―*
Narration: *For one thing, it increases the risk of "accidents" when operating "dangerous machinery." And it's not uncommon for frustrated employees to let off their excess testosterone through brawling.*
Narration: *In an attempt to minimize these problems, the brass instituted a policy all but obligating sexual intercourse at least once every eight weeks or so.*
Narration: *And every year, when our new batch of rookies flow in, the squad leaders pick out the girlfriendless virgins and take them out en masse to the nearest red-light district―  *
Narration: *Then guide them to the shops with the pretty girls, point out the places with more affordable prices, and give them tips on how to play with women.*
Amane: ...So what sort of women have you been playing with up until now? (Nibble crunch nibble...)
Yuuji: Uh, kind of a tricky question...
Narration: *It's not like I bothered to remember my partners... In the first place, I'm pretty famous in the "company" as an unsociable sort.*
Narration: *I didn't visit the red-light district, didn't play the ponies or pachinko, and didn't even know the rules of mahjong. In short, I never had much to talk about with the other employees. Often as not, I was downright isolated inside my group.*
Narration: *Not that I particularly cared. But at some point, my squad leader noticed I hadn't even been invited to the barbecue that weekend and told me off... "You're disrupting the group. Start playing along" and all that―*
Narration: *So I felt obliged to start tagging along on the group's trips, but I never once headed to a brothel on my own initiative.*
Yuuji: ...I get the message. I'll never go to one of those places again. That's a promise...
Amane: Really!?
Yuuji: Yeah. You've got my word on that.
Amane: ...Okay then, water under the bridge. I'll forgive you...
Yuuji: ...Thanks...
Narration: *Feels like I've given an absolute promise rather casually, but I have confidence I can keep my word on this one.*
Narration: *In the first place, my sexual appetite isn't exactly voracious. I'm able to get by for quite some time on a single vigorous "meal;" as long as I consciously try to endure, two months or so of abstinence isn't an issue for me.*
Narration: *On the other hand, when I finally let out everything I've been storing away for all that time, apparently I tend to get pretty damn rough―*
Narration: *Once in particular, following a four-month dry spell, I screwed a perfectly professional working lady until she broke down in hysterical tears. Got banned from the premises...*
Narration: *But that said―*
Yuuji: ...If you're going to be with me, Amane, I don't have any reason to visit that sort of place ever again.
Amane: ...Uu... N-Nice try, but your little tricks aren't going to work on me...!
Narration: *"Ya ain't gonna pull th' wool over Ma's eyes that easy, y'little punk!"*
Narration: *Amane's Kansai-flavored words are probably more an attempt at hiding her embarrassment than anything else, judging from the intensifying movement of her warm tongue across my chest.*
Narration: *...If I'm not mistaken, this is what they call "tsundere"...*
Narration: *For some reason, Amane appears downright adorable at the moment. Before I know it, I'm gently petting her head.*
Yuuji: ...Amane...
Amane: W-What now...?
Yuuji: Nothing in particular. Just felt like saying your name.
Amane: Don't laugh at me... I'm seriously trying really hard right now... I mean, uh, does this not feel good...? Am I crappy at this?
Yuuji: You're not crappy at all. It's exciting just to think that you're doing this for me.
Amane: ...Should I do it a little harder...?
Yuuji: Mm... sounds good.
Amane: ...Mmmmmmm～... Yuujiii～♪... *Sluuuurp*... *Smack*... Mmf... mmm... *Slurp*...
Yuuji: ...Uh... whoa.
Narration: *All of a sudden, it's like someone's thrown Amane's horny switch. She sucks violently on my nipple, and the movement of her hand on my shaft grows intense.*
Yuuji: You've gotten pretty aggressive...
Amane: ...Mnf... but... if you're gonna be comparing me to other girls, I don't wanna lose... nm... *Slurp*... I wantcha to think "Amane's way better anyway"... mmn... *Smack*...
Amane: Can't, mm, affor' to be shy or anyt'ing right now... *Slurrrrp*...
Yuuji: ...Guh... N-Not bad, punk...
Narration: *Okay, she likes to play the aggressive older sister, but we're dealing with a virgin here. A military force that's done nothing but guard its own borders can't pull off a sudden blitzkrieg. Surely I won't yield to her clumsy assault.*
Narration: *Or so I'd convinced myself, but... th-this isn't going quite as well as anticipated. I forgot to account for the tenacity the Japanese exhibit when they've thrown away their sense of shame...*
Amane: ...Yuuuji...
Narration: *As she calls my name, Amane stares intensely at my face, as if to gauge my every reaction. Her thick tongue crawls slowly along my chest.*
Amane: ...Yuuji... Yuuji... I love... I really love you... nnnmmm... *Smack*... *Slurrrrp*...
Narration: *Staring directly into my eyes, Amane repeats the word "love." Clearly, repeatedly, without a hint of embarrassment.*
Narration: *It's as if she's using those words to stir her emotions to greater heights. Her caresses grow intenser still. In response, excitement begins to build up warmly inside of me.*
Yuuji: ...It feels good, Amane...
Narration: *Before I know it, my honest thoughts are spilling out of my mouth. In response, Amane narrows her eyes to slits and gives a nasal grunt of self-satisfied pleasure.*
Narration: *Pressing her nose against me, she begins to sniff like a dog. Her eyes grow liquid and dreamy, as if drunk on the scent of my skin and her own saliva.*
Amane: ...Really...? You like that...? I'm glad... I'll make it even better... mnf... *Kiss*...
Narration: *Her fingers wrapped tightly around the neck of my penis, Amane relentlessly rubs her increasingly sticky hand against me. Her technique's amateurish, but I can feel powerful affection in every movement.*
Narration: *It's enough to make me think... that it isn't a lie. That this woman really might love me.*
Amane: Yuuji... I love you... I love you so much... I really do... I'll do anything for you...
Narration: *Amane's lips part slightly from my chest. As those words spill from her mouth, my penis twitches sensitively...*
Yuuji: ...Amane...
Narration: *I unconsciously call her name from between clenched teeth. Apparently realizing that I'm very near climax, Amane begins to rub my penis all the more vigorously. Her tongue darts across my chest.*
Narration: *There's no need to try and hold out here. I concentrate my attention on the movement of Amane's hand. As my penis begins to swell, I firmly press it against her soft palm.*
Yuuji: Amane... I'm coming...
Amane: Nmf... are you...? Go right ahead... Just like this... squirt it out... in my hand... C'mon... come for me...? Eheh... ehehehehehe...
Narration: *Amane's seductive smile and sweet voice lead me to my height. I'm just thinking "This woman's cute right down to her voice..." when my lower body goes numb and hot all at once. I explode vigorously in Amane's hand.*
Yuuji: ...Guh...!!
Amane: ...Mmm... *Smack*... *Sluuuurp*... *Smack*... Mmf... You came... Whoa... look how much... you gave me... It's all warm in my hand...
Yuuji: I'm still coming... Rub it harder...
Amane: ...Mm... like this...? Gimme lots more... Let it all out...? C'mon, c'mon, c'mon...
Yuuji: ...Gh...!
Narration: *Amane's hand, already filled with my hot semen, strokes my penis all the more intensely in an attempt to wring out every last drop.*
Narration: *The warm, sticky sensation is unbelievably pleasant. As Amane sticks her lips against my chest with all her might, marking my skin with a bright red hickey, I ejaculate in her hand again and again.*
Amane: ...Hehe... This is so weird... It's my first time making a guy come, but... it makes me kind of happy, seeing you feel that good from my hand...
Yuuji: Aaah... I'm convinced... I made the right decision picking you...
Amane: ...Huh? Really...?
Yuuji: No. Hasty judgment on my part. I've got to try out a lot of different stuff before I can say for sure.
Amane: ...A lot of stuff...?
Yuuji: That's what I said. I've got quite a few ideas.
Amane: Mm.♪ I'll do whatever you want. I'm a virgin, but no need to hold back.
Yuuji: Hoh... you're a confident one... Don't blame me if you end up crying.
Amane: ...Huh? Wait... I don't know if I like the sound of that... What are you going to do to me...?
Yuuji: Well, let's just say it's my turn now...
Amane: ...Huh? Uh, Yuuji... is it just me, or do you have a really evil glint in your eye?
Yuuji: Figment of your imagination... C'mere, Amane...
Amane: Y-Yeah...
Narration: *Amane frowns, apparently finding my shady smirk somewhat suspicious. But in the end, she can't manage to back down after coming this far.*
Narration: *Without saying another word, she quietly leans her body into my open arms.*
Narration: *She trembles slightly against me, unable to completely conceal her anxiety.*
Narration: *I gently envelop her in my arms and stare deeply into her eyes.*
Yuuji: ............
Amane: ............
Narration: *And... continue to stare.*
Yuuji: ............
Amane: ............
Narration: *...Uh... look...*
Yuuji: ...Close your eyes already. I want to kiss you...
Amane: Uu? Ah, r-right, sorry...
Narration: *Flustered, Amane squeezes her eyes firmly shut and thrusts her puckered lips out in my general direction.*
Narration: *...Aah, what a comically ugly face she's making... At the moment, I find it more cute than anything else, but if she's still doing this a year into the relationship we're going to have some problems.*
Narration: *Well, whatever. The girl's clearly nervous. The innocence behind this ridiculous expression is downright charming.*
Amane: ...Nn... hmm... ah... mmm...
Narration: *I press my lips to Amane's, enjoying the sensation of her soft, firm skin against my own. Her pants for breath quickly grow sweet in tone.*
Yuuji: Want to open your mouth for me...?
Amane: ...Ah... yeah...
Narration: *Amane freezes in my arms, but obediently parts her lips a little.*
Amane: ...Aa...
Yuuji: ...Wider.
Amane: ...Aah... ha...
Yuuji: Like you're at the dentist.
Amane: ...Aaaaaaan...
Yuuji: ...*Snort*...
Narration: *What an indescribably idiotic face. Even the most gorgeous women look like complete morons when they close their eyes and open their mouth wide.*
Narration: *I can't restrain a small burst of amusement at Amane's comical expression, but it's more out of affection than scorn. I don't dislike this picture. If anything, I think I'd like to have it framed.*
Amane: ...W-What the heck... What are you laughing about!?
Yuuji: Well... you're too damn cute, Amane. Couldn't help it...
Amane: You really can't pass up a chance to pick on a girl, can you!? One of these days you're going to... mmf! 
Narration: *I forcibly seal Amane's lips, cutting off her abuse mid-stream.*
Narration: *Squeezing her tightly against me, I launch an all-out assault before she has the chance to regroup. A textbook offensive action.*
Amane: Mm... gh... mmmm!! Nmmmmmmmmm!!!
Narration: *"Hey! I wasn't done talking! Cut it out! I'm gonna get mad!"*
Narration: *Amane's rough breathing gets the message across, even if her words are muffled by my mouth. In an attempt to drive the point home, she makes a tight little fist and swings it toward my side.*
Narration: *Not that I allow it to reach its target. Seizing Amane by her surprisingly delicate wrist, I firmly restrain her attempts at thrashing around.*
Amane: Mm... m... ah... ha... uu... ah, oww...!
Narration: *Before long, Amane yields under my assault. Her knees buckle under her, and she staggers awkwardly to the side, knocking her head against the bathroom wall.*
Yuuji: You all right...?
Amane: No, I'm not all right... It really hurts, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Where?
Amane: Here...
Narration: *Tears of pain in her eyes, Amane points to the spot where her head made contact with the polyurethane-paneled bathroom wall.*
Amane: ...It hurts, so give it a pet to make it better...
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Amane: What the heck... You don't want to? Even though you're always casually patting Makina and Sacchan on the head?
Yuuji: ...That's not what I'm saying...
Narration: *Those two are short, that's all. When there's a head in front of me at just the right height, I can't help but reach out and ruffle it around every once in a while.*
Narration: *By the same token, Amane's tall enough that the action seems physically awkward. But as she's currently thrusting her head at me like a charging bull, I guess there's no getting out of it.*
Yuuji: Good girl. Good girl, Amane. Lovable little punk.
Amane: ...Hehehehe...
Narration: *Reaching out to Amane's awkwardly-placed head, I vigorously muss her hair around. Apparently she doesn't mind. Half-closing her eyes in pleasure, she buries her face against my neck and begins to sniff my skin.*
Narration: *...Kind of feels like I'm playing around with some energetic, oversized military dog.*
Amane: ...Yuuujiii... heheheheh...
Narration: *As she nuzzles against my chin, Amane cackles dementedly. Maybe she's grown somewhat light-heated from our extended, sweaty embrace in this humid bathroom...?*
Amane: ...Mmm... aaaaaaaan...
Narration: *She opens her mouth wide―*
Amane: ...Ha... mmng!
Narration: *And then emphatically sinks her teeth into my shoulder.*
Yuuji: Agh! That hurts, dammit...
Amane: ...Hmeheh... sorry 'bout that. Seems like I've got a habit of giving love bites when I get horny...
Narration: *They do say jealous women tend to be biters... If I let her be, I get the feeling Amane would be perfectly content to gnaw on me for hours.*
Narration: *I forcefully tear my shoulder free of Amane's jaws, then slide my arms around her back.*
Yuuji: Look... I told you it was my turn, right...? I'm going to lie you down. Careful not to hit your head.
Amane: ...Uh... okay.
Narration: *I gently lower Amane onto the bathroom tile, one hand carefully supporting her head. But even now that she's settled securely on the floor, the girl's still clinging to my neck.*
Yuuji: ...Let go of me.
Amane: Don't wanna...
Yuuji: Don't give me that. Come on already.
Amane: Uwah! Hey! Sto...! Aaaah!!
Narration: *I thrust my hands behind Amane's knees and pull them up toward her head, lifting her bottom toward my face.*
Amane: Noooooooooo!! Cut it out! What's with this position!? He... Listen to me!
Yuuji: ...Hm? Amane, tell me something... What kind of virgin trims their pubic hair this neatly...? Cheeky girl.
Amane: Bu... excuse me! What're you looking at!?
Yuuji: Hmm. Did you actually pluck these out instead of shaving...?
Amane: S-Shaddup already... What's the big deal!? Who cares either way!?
Yuuji: Well, true enough... but it's good to see you're attentive to your maintenance.
Amane: ...Yeah... I mean... I've been kind of, you know... keeping myself prepared... so you could attack me whenever you want...
Yuuji: Can I lick it?
Amane: Okay, you're obviously not listening to a word I say!
Yuuji: Ah? Sorry, I'm currently quite engrossed in contemplating this fine piece of pussy. What's going on?
Amane: ...I give up... Do whatever you want...
Yuuji: I see. Thanks. Here goes, then...
Narration: *As soon as the words are out of my mouth, I press the tip of my tongue into Amane's "other" hole.*
Amane: ...Wha! Goin' for th' ass right off th' bat!?!?! How about ya take things one step at a damn time!!!
Yuuji: Bahahaha, you're seriously mad. Hilarious.
Amane: Why are you laughing!? Come ON! This is my first time, you know!? Can't you do this a little more romantically!?
Yuuji: I'm doing this for your sake. It won't go smoothly if you're all tense, you know? On an unrelated note, you've got one hell of a nice plump ass here. Downright criminal.
Amane: Don't! Slap! My! Ass! Aaaaargh! Mah butt ain't yer damn toy! And don't call it "plump!" I'm self-conscious about that!
Yuuji: Just settle down, woman. Leave this to me...
Amane: Uu... ah... h-hey...
Narration: *Amane's body is large and voluptuous as a general rule, and her genitals are no exception. I separate her plump lips with my fingers, gaining an excellent view of the light pink interior.*
Narration: *The basic structure isn't any different from those I've seen before, but...*
Narration: *As I slowly grope my way down past the labia minora, I find an unfamiliar whitish membrane slightly below the urethral opening. It's shaped in a tight crescent, resembling a tiny hair scrunchy curled in on itself.*
Yuuji: Oh, is this the hymen?
Amane: D-Don't ask me! And stop spreading it open!
Yuuji: Don't be silly, woman. If I don't spread it open there's no way I can see inside.
Amane: You really don't need to get that careful a look!
Yuuji: ...Hm? This thing's kind of stretchy...
Amane: Don't pull on it! Don't stretch it! He-! Aaaaarrrrgh! You're going to break it!!
Yuuji: Don't shout like that... What do you plan to do if someone notices we're in here?
Amane: Uuu... but, but...
Yuuji: Fine, fine. I'll take this seriously now, okay?
Amane: ...Uu, you were playing with me after all... My virginity's just a toy to you... Monster. Brute...
Yuuji: Such slander...
Narration: *I abruptly release my hold on Amane's hymen, slide my fingers up her vagina, and in one smooth, confident movement peel back her clitoral hood.*
Amane: ...Hya... gaaah!
Narration: *Her clitoris, already erect and half-exposed, instantly hardens at the touch of the outside air. I wet my fingers with saliva and begin to roll it gently around.*
Amane: ...Ha... uuh! Ah... aaah... h... hii... gah... aaah!!
Narration: *Amane writhes back and forth restlessly with every movement of my finger against her.*
Yuuji: ...Don't run away from me.
Narration: *Clearly, Amane's unused to experiencing pleasure from another's touch. This violent wriggling appears to be an attempt to flee the intense stimulation. Not that I'm about to allow any such thing.*
Narration: *I firmly hold down Amane's waist and lower my face to her vagina. Gathering plenty of warm, wet saliva onto my tongue, I begin to aggressively lap at her erect clit.*
Amane: Hyaaaaaaaaaaahh!!
Narration: *Needless to say, this would probably be the first time someone's touched Amane with their tongue in this way. The moment I go to work in earnest, she shrieks like a banshee.*
Narration: *I know where the girl's coming from. Having the most sensitive part of your genitalia licked is completely incomparable to any form of self-stimulation. The first time you experience it, you're not going to be able to keep your cool.*
Narration: *And just as reliably, you're going to experience some intense feelings toward the person who pleasures you that way. Not romantic love; something more primitive. A smoldering, hazy excitement in your chest.*
Yuuji: ...Amane...
Amane: Ah... uu... Yuuji... Yuuuujiii... hii... ah...!
Narration: *Under such conditions, gently calling out your partner's name is enough to make their entire body go tingly. As you can see, this emotional complement to the physical pleasure often gives rise to an excretion of warm sexual fluids.*
Narration: *Next, refocus your attention on gently, carefully stimulating her clitoris. Stir until her brains are melted into a mass of warm goo. At this stage, most women will fall silent.*
Narration: *The reason is simple; their concentration has been entirely drawn to the shocks of pleasure shooting up their spine. Case in point. Amane furrows her brow and bites her lower lip deeply, her body twitching underneath me.*
Amane: ...Uuu... uuuu... uu... mm... hi... uu...
Yuuji: ...Feeling shy? No need to hold back...
Narration: *Amane shoots a glance at my face, currently sticky with her juices, and squeezes her eyes shut immediately as if unable to cope with the embarrassment.*
Narration: *The guilty feeling of dirtying my face with her sloppy secretions seems to be fuelling her natural tendency toward bashfulness. At the same time, her raw arousal is clearly growing more intense by the second.*
Amane: ...Uu... uuuuuu... uu... ah... aaah... aah... ah...
Narration: *Small tears well up in the corner of Amane's eyes. She resembles a child straining to hold in the desire to urinate. Thick, cloudy fluid begins to flow from her vagina in growing quantities.*
Narration: *By this point, she's given up her embarrassed attempts at resistance. I could try playing with her to my heart's content, but... we are dealing with a virgin here.*
Narration: *If I got carried away and, say, jammed a finger into her ass at this point, she'd snap out of it in no time. There's a very good chance I'd end up with a light-speed slap to the face and an unfortunate case of blue balls.*
Amane: ...Uu... uaaahhh! Wa... Yuu... ji... Sorry, ho... hold on a sec! No... cut it out... please...
Yuuji: What? You about to come?
Amane: Ye... yeah... If you do any more... I won't be able... to hold on...
Yuuji: Hmm, that a fact...
Amane: What the heck is that supposed to... hyaaaaaaaaah!! Wa... ah! Aaaaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *Oh, so you're going to orgasm, eh? Interesting. What about it?*
Narration: *Completely ignoring Amane's objection, I strengthen my stimulation of her clit. Tapering my tongue to a fine point, I stick it into her small urethral hole, then pull it out vigorously, purposely producing a loud, wet pop.*
Amane: Hiiii!! Shtop!! Not there! Shttttoooop!!
Yuuji: "Shtop" talking like that.
Amane: Shtop!! I cah, can't hold it! I can't! I really can't hold it!!　
Narration: *Well, now the girl's getting downright repetitive. For some reason, she seems somewhat perturbed.*
Narration: *Wait, hold on... What exactly can't she "hold"...?*
Yuuji: Ah... don't tell me...!
Narration: *As soon as the thought pops into my head, I hurriedly separate my face from Amane's vagina. But it's too little, too late.*
Amane: ...Nhoooooo... glb... *Hack*...! Bleh! Noooooooo...
Yuuji: ...Gah...
Narration: *A self golden shower...?*
Narration: *Crap... Guess this girl's bladder is even looser than her morals...*
Amane: Bleh... *Sniffle*... *Sob*... You're awful... I... I assssked ya to stoooop...
Yuuji: Aaah... sorry. Really wasn't expecting that...
Amane: ...Boohoo... I'm ruined... nobody's gonna want me... as ah bride 'nymore... Take responsibility...
Yuuji: My bad... guess I overdid it...
Narration: *Well, good thing we did this in the bath...*
Narration: *I grab the shower head from the wall, turn on the hot water, and spray Amane down.*
Amane: ...Blurgh! Gah! Hey! What the heck!? My nose! It's going in my nose! Owww! Blagah!
Yuuji: Ah... sorry about that...
Narration: *Amane breaks down into undignified, snorting tears reminiscent of an ornery hog's grunts of reproach; in response, I offer my sincerest apologies, but―*
Narration: *Water dripping from her soaked head, the girl continues to sob convulsively, and shows no signs of stopping any time soon.*
Amane: ...Uuu... the romantic deflowering I imagined... is totally ruined... Why the heck did I decide to let this jerk take my virginity, anyway...
Yuuji: Yeah. I've been wondering that myself.
Amane: Wait, are you doing this on purpose? Bullying me to make me quit? Do you think I'm going to give up that easy?
Yuuji: I wasn't purposefully going for that, but... well, you do seem to have lost most of your enthusiasm. Want to call it a day?
Narration: *Stopping at this point isn't exactly going to be pleasant for me, but... well, casually snapping up her virginity at the end of this farce might be a little too cruel.*
Amane: Excuse me... don't tell me you're going to run away!? After making me do all that!?
Narration: *Did I "make" her piss all over herself...? Feels like a debatable point...*
Narration: *Well, assuming the role of victim seems to be the foundation of a comfortable relationship, from the female point of view...*
Yuuji: I won't run away... but in exchange, neither can you.
Amane: ............
Amane: ...I got it... I'm ready...
Yuuji: Good... Okay, c'mere, Amane...
Amane: ...Yeah...
Narration: *Amane takes one unsteady, staggering step forward. Her legs have probably gone to rubber again.*
Narration: *She flops forward awkwardly into my waiting arms. I wrap her up in a tight hug, then gently set her down onto the floor.*
Amane: Ah... oh geez... not again...
Yuuji: It's fine, I'm not going to play around anymore... Here, hold your legs open... hands behind the knees, like this...
Amane: Guh... this is really embarrassing, Yuuji...
Yuuji: That's fine. A little shyness helps you get excited and distracts from the pain.
Amane: ...Really...?
Yuuji: Maybe.
Amane: ...Look, you...
Yuuji: Are you ready, Amane?
Amane: You're gonna... put it in already...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Amane: Then... put this on... please...
Narration: *Amane holds out a condom. Where on earth was she even hiding that thing...?*
Yuuji: You're pretty well prepared...
Amane: Well, I was sure it would come to this eventually, you know...? Today should be okay for me, but I'm a little scared. Just for safety's sake...
Yuuji: Makes sense...
Narration: *Even if I don't purposely come inside, there's always a certain level of risk. Can't hurt to take the appropriate precautions.*
Narration: *I receive the condom from Amane, rip it open, pinch the tip, and quickly roll it down over my penis.*
Amane: Ah... so that's how you put it on?
Yuuji: You've got to get all the air out of the tip, or it'll break halfway through... All right. I'm putting it in...
Amane: O-Okay...
Narration: *Through the condom, I rub Amane's clit with the head of my penis. Something like a friendly greeting to announce my intent to enter.*
Narration: *"Her virginity, huh...?"*
Narration: *But just as I'm poised to begin, something very much like guilt floods into my mind.*
Narration: *I'm going to be Amane's first...? The likes of me...?*
Amane: ...What's wrong...?
Yuuji: It's nothing...
Narration: *Can't just... back out now...*
Yuuji: ...Try to relax, Amane... here goes...
Narration: *Hanging over Amane, I slowly move my hips forward, pushing the tip of my penis against her vaginal opening.*
Amane: Gah... aaah...! Ow... www...! Ah... aaaaah!
Narration: *There's a ripping sensation, and a feeling of tearing through flesh...*
Narration: *I don't make a habit of screwing virgins, but I figured that once the hymen broke, my penis would slide right in like normal. Seems to have been a misconception on my part.*
Narration: *Even after breaking the membrane, it feels like I'm ripping my way forward into her body.*
Yuuji: # **...Kuh...**
Narration: *This is absurdly tight... Amane may have a sizable body, but her "hole" is astonishingly narrow.*
Yuuji: Amane... does it hurt?
Amane: Mmm... I'm... fine... Doesn't hurt... as bad as I thought...
Yuuji: You're so full of it...
Narration: *It feels like I'm prying her apart. Having this thing shoved into her must be outright agonizing. I mean, the pressure's so intense that I'm half afraid my cock's going to admit defeat and shrink inside her.*
Amane: It's fine... Just push it all the way to the back... When you do it this slowly, it just feels like you're stringing it out...
Yuuji: ...All right. I'm going all the way in. Brace yourself.
Narration: *I lift Amane's plump butt upward to set my angle, then push my waist violently forward.*
Amane: ...Hi...gh! Aaag... gh! Urgh! Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Narration: *By slow, dogged persistence, I'd already managed to slide myself halfway inside her tight vagina despite its determined attempt to deny me. I push the rest of the way inside her all at once.*
Amane: ...Ah... it's in... I can feel it all the way back there...
Yuuji: Yeah... You did good, Amane...
Narration: *Amane's "depths" feel slightly wider. Just above my glans, there's something squishy and soft - the mouth of her uterus.*
Narration: *Now that I've finally gotten this deep inside her, everything else should be comparatively easy. Amane's shoulders shake visibly underneath me as she repeats long, deep breaths.*
Yuuji: Amane... I'm going to move...
Amane: O-Okay...
Narration: *As I pull my waist away, the tip of my penis drags its way back out of her depths. But there's a rough sensation against the surface of the condom―*
Narration: *The well-lubricated folds of her vagina are squeezing down on my penis, sticking tightly against me in an attempt to prevent my withdrawal.*
Amane: Uu... uuu...
Narration: *At the uncomfortable feeling of having something wrenched slowly out of her resisting body, Amane writhes underneath me.*
Narration: *When I manage to retreat about halfway, Amane's vagina emits a vulgar, wet sound, and decides to try to pressuring my penis out instead.*
Narration: *In order to show this uppity hole who the boss is around here, I instantly push my hips forward again.*
Amane: Uu... ah... ah... aaaaah!
Narration: *As my penis forces its way back inside her, Amane resumes her vigorous squirming. Her butt starts to crawl away slowly across the tile. I seize her firmly and cut off her escape.*
Yuuji: Hey, you. I thought I told you not to run.
Amane: Ah! Bu... sorry... but... it hurts... It really does hurt...
Yuuji: What do you want to do, then? Shall we stop?
Amane: Nooo! Don't wanna!
Yuuji: I mean, I did pop your cherry, I guess. Even if we do stop, I'm not going to talk my way out of things at this point, okay?
Amane: ...Haa... haa... and? If we stop here, what are you planning to do with yourself? Go pay a visit to the other woman, I imagine!
Yuuji: No. Don't be ridiculous...
Narration: *Who the hell is the "other woman" supposed to be, anyway...?*
Amane: Forget it! You just keep going! Don't stop thrusting every time I whine, all right!? Come at me with the intent to kill!!
Yuuji: You're a damn stubborn woman... Don't complain later...
Narration: *...Think it might be best to just ejaculate as soon as possible and end this...*
Yuuji: Okay, we're going to finish this in a flash...
Amane: ...Gh!!
Narration: *Amane nods emphatically, her teeth biting firmly into her lip.*
Narration: *At this point, it'd be crueler to hold back. I consciously push aside my concern and caution. With a powerful flex of my abdominal muscles, I stab myself into her.*
Amane: ...Unh! ...Unh! ...Ung! ...Unh! ...Unh! ...Unh! ...Unh!
Narration: *My waist slaps hard against her as I pierce deep inside; just as quickly, I yank myself back out, only to push right back in. The tempo of my thrusts picks up.*
Narration: *Every time I pull myself backward against the resistance of her body, Amane gives a short moan.*
Narration: *With every grunt, hot liquid gushes out inside her, and the walls of her tight vagina wrap around me all the more firmly.*
Narration: *This is something else...*
Yuuji: ...Amane... this is amazing... When I go all the way in, it feels like you're sticking to me...
Amane: Oh... ah... ahh... uu... hii... ah... ah... aaah...!
Yuuji: Not that you're listening to a word I say...
Narration: *Amane's hiding her face so I can't say for sure, but it doesn't seem like she's finding this as painful as I feared...*
Narration: *Maybe because she's producing an abnormally high amount of lubricating fluid, my thrusts are growing smoother. It feels like the tight, fleshy walls of her vagina are actively sucking down on me―*
Narration: *Every time I retreat after a thrust, her stubbornly clinging flesh curls back visibly in pursuit, fuelling my excitement.*
Amane: Ah... uuuu! Yuuji...! Yuuuuuji!
Yuuji: Hm? What's wrong?
Amane: You keep... hitting... the back...! Yuuji... you can't... you keep smacking into it! Smacking... Hiii!!　
Yuuji: ...Try to endure it a little longer...
Narration: *As I continue violently thrusting into her, Amane's vagina grows steadily more yielding...*
Narration: *It's so unbelievably soft.*
Narration: *I want to get deeper... way deeper inside...*
Narration: *When I knock the head of my penis against the mouth to her uterus, Amane moans loudly, a tinge of discomfort in her voice.*
Amane: Uuu... ah... guh! Hya... ungh...!!
Narration: *The slippery folds of flesh enveloping me are growing warmer by the second.*
Narration: *Amane's abs begin to twitch uncontrollably. As white, frothy liquid burbles out of her vagina, she bites her lower lip even more firmly, but can't keep a long, bestial scream from leaking out of her mouth.*
Amane: ...Guuuuuuuuuh! Uuuuuuaaah!!!
Narration: *In that instant, Amane's "hole" grows incredibly tight around me. Juices squirt noisily out of her.*
Narration: *This thing was narrow enough to start out with, but now it's clamping down on me like a vise. As if demanding that I ejaculate, her warm folds of flesh adhere wetly to every inch of my penis.*
Yuuji: ...Amane...
Narration: *...Did she just orgasm...?*
Amane: Nn... mmnnn...!
Narration: *Amane's body trembles finely underneath me. As her stomach muscles involuntarily relax, her womb drops wetly onto the head of my penis...*
Narration: *I make one final thrust into her depths, pressing my penis hard against her uterus, and let out my load.*
Yuuji: ...Ah... haa... haa... haa...
Amane: Uu... ah... it's getting... bigger inside... You came?
Yuuji: Yeah, I came...
Amane: ...Wow... your penis... is twitching inside me... I can feel it...
Yuuji: Hold on... I'll take it out...
Amane: Mm... hold on... let's stay like this... a little longer... If you yank it out now... it feels like you're gonna pull my womb out with it...
Yuuji: All right. I'll hold you until you're ready...
Yuuji: There we go...
Amane: ...Ahn...
Narration: *I bring my hands around Amane's back, lifting her up toward me. She flops limply forward into my arms, resting her chin on my shoulder.*
Amane: ...Aren't I... heavy...?
Yuuji: You are indeed.
Amane: ...Sorry... I can't move right now. I'll get off soon...
Yuuji: It's fine. This is the weight of the woman I love. It's no burden...
Amane: Ahaha... geez... what a corny line... Are you even keeping a straight face...?
Yuuji: Hm...? That's weird... I was pretty proud of that one, too... Was I off-target?
Amane: ...Dork...
Yuuji: You're the one who fell in love with a dork.
Amane: Haha... yeah... Guess I'm a dork too...
Narration: *Amane's body, nestled in my arms, emits a faintly sweet odor.*
Narration: *It's Amane's particular scent, unlike any other woman's.*
Amane: Hey... we've still got condoms, you know...? Want to do it one more time?
Yuuji: Don't be so impatient... It's not like we have to rush. We'll pick this up tomorrow.
Amane: ...Grrrr... You're just saying that so you can go run over to another woman, aren't you?
Yuuji: Look, I told you I don't have any other women...
Amane: I can't take your word for that. Why don't I just squeeze out every last drop?
Yuuji: That'll take until morning...
Amane: All the more convenient for me! C'mon, shall we? I've still got eleven condoms left, you know?
Yuuji: You for real...?
Narration: *Don't blame me if your pussy ends up getting rubbed raw, woman...*

Narration: *During these summer months, the sun rises early; it's already growing bright outside.*
Narration: *Yuuji gets up at 5:00 AM every morning. More exactly, it seems he usually wakes at 4:45, then spends fifteen minutes half-asleep in bed, slowly rousing himself.*
Narration: *The time is currently 4:30 AM. At this hour, even that freakishly early bird should still be asleep.*
Amane: ...Good mooorning...
Narration: *As a failsafe against him already being awake, I call out a greeting... but very softly. If I were to carelessly wake him up, all my carefully-laid plans would come to naught.*
Narration: *...Carefully-laid, but also pretty ridiculous. I heave a small sigh at my own idiocy and quietly approach the bed.*
Amane: ...Hrm... sleeping well, aren't you? Good boy...
Narration: *Yeah, sleeping like the dead, in fact... it's giving me deja-vu. They're a lot alike, even in some weird respects. Makes me want to laugh, but I've got to restrain that impulse for the moment.*
Amane: All right then, here goes... I'm comin' in...
Narration: *I slide onto the bed, burrowing my way under the thin blanket toward where Yuuji lies frozen like a hibernating bear.*
Narration: *The tranquil morning air still has a touch of the night's chill, so the mildly-warm bed feels quite pleasant. Just as striking, it's full of the thick, intense odor of a man. The combination leaves me slightly dizzy.*
Amane: ...Hooo... haaa... Aah... it's Yuuji's smell... *Sniff* *Sniff*... 
Narration: *Unlike the familiar tropical-fruit scent of Makina's body, it's a sharp musk that conveys a thrilling hint of danger.*
Narration: *Young men have intense metabolisms and sweat heavily. Objectively, there's no way their body odor could be pleasant. But abnormal as it may be, I can't help nuzzling my nose against him and deeply inhaling his scent.*
Narration: *But "pleasant" doesn't have anything to do with it. This is Kazami's Yuuji's scent. When I think about it that way, I feel like I could lose myself in this odor.*
Narration: *I've often heard it said that when you come to love someone, anything and everything about that person becomes appealing to you.*
Narration: *Have I... actually fallen in love with this man...?*
Narration: *Well, if so... that's fine, I guess. Either way, it doesn't change the fact that I need him...*
Amane: All right then, Yuuji... your big sis is gonna suck your dick now, okay...? 
Narration: *As I dive deeper into the depths of the blanket, the scent of his body grows exponentially more intense.*
Narration: *Tentatively reaching my hand out toward the swelling bulge in his underwear, I swallow nervously.*
Amane: You won't... get this sort of service from just any girl, you know? This is an Amane special...
Narration: *Grasping his underwear by the waist, I gently yank down; but the elastic band gets caught on "you-know-what," preventing a smooth removal.*
Amane: ...Hey... the heck... It's stuck...? Can we lift your butt just a little...? Whoopsy daisy...
Narration: *Bringing my hands below Yuuji's hips, I give his body a gentle jerk upward... and a hard, firm rod pushes right up against my cheek.*
Amane: Whoa... this is kind of humiliating... Hey... my nose... it's hitting my nose... Blagah...
Narration: *Whoa... what a powerful smell... It's pressed right up against me... It's getting hard to think straight... *
Narration: *They did say it has a really lewd smell in the mags... I see now... So this is what they meant...*
Amane: *Sniff* *Sniff*... Aah... this is bad... I might sit here smelling this thing all day if I'm not careful... *Sniff* *Sniff*...
Narration: *...Uh, hey, I can't allow myself to be satisfied with the smell alone, right...? I'm here to give head! Give it while the giving's good!*
Amane: ...Whoops... there we go... Breathe free, little one... Was it stuffy in there?
Narration: *...Uh, wait a second... huh? It doesn't seem so "little" at the moment...*
Narration: *Well, I mean, I'm not totally clueless, okay? Guys are, you know... they tend to get hard in the morning or whatever. It said so in the mags. I'm totally aware of that, okay?*
Narration: *But this is... like, whaaat? Hold on... seriously? Was this really inside me...? Sheesh... It's kind of a shock all over again...*
Narration: *All right... first of all, let's get a hold of this thing, I guess?*
Amane: ...No, seriously, is it just me or is this thing getting even bigger than it did last time...?
Narration: *Well, uh... he's still pretty young, right? Maybe he's in a growth spurt?*
Amane: Well, whatever... the more important question here is... will this thing even fit in my mouth...?
Narration: *Okay, only one way to find out...*
Amane: All right then, here goes... down the hatch... aaaaan... mbbf... 
Narration: *Hmmm? Hey, look at that. It went right in, and surprisingly deep...*
Narration: *...I mean, my mouth is pretty full, but... it actually seems to fit his dick like a glove?*
Narration: *As if... this cock was made for me...*
Narration: *Ah... no, maybe it's the opposite...? Maybe my mouth was made for this cock...?*
Amane: ...Mm... *Slurp*... nmf... mmm... ah... haa... haa... mmm... *Slurrrrp*... mmm... ah... mm...
Narration: *Whoa... amazing... It's getting covered in my saliva... The obscene smell's so strong all of a sudden...*
Narration: *And... something slimy's leaking out of the tip...?*
Narration: *What is it with this stuff...? It tastes... really dirty... but I think... I might kinda like it...*
Yuuji: ...Look, you...
Amane: ...Mmf?
Yuuji: Mmf doesn't cut it, woman. What do you think you're doing...?
Amane: A howhob...
Yuuji: Didn't anybody ever teach you not to talk when your mouth's full...?
Amane: Nmm... *Slurrrrrrrrrp*...
Yuuji: You're clamping down too hard! Don't take it out on my penis!
Narration: *...What the heck... what've you got to complain about? Your super cute big sis is giving you a good-morning blowjob, you know?*
Narration: *Even if you did wake up, wouldn't your first thought be "I'll just pretend to be asleep and come in her mouth!" or something? Did that seriously not occur to you?*
Yuuji: What's with the sulky expression...?
Narration: *Listen up, okay? You need to calm down and think this over logically. This is a wakeup blowjob, you know? Every passive herbivore boy's dream! You eat nothing but beans, so you're totally in that category, right?*
Amane: ...Hrrrgm!
Yuuji: Aghh, oww! Don't bite it!
Narration: *In conclusion, sit still like a big boy and let me suck your dick!!*
Yuuji: ...Fine, fine...
Narration: *Whoa. I didn't say a word, but he received my message... Is this the power of love...?*
Narration: *All right, that's more like it! Good boy! Your big sis is gonna suck you off real good, so make sure to squirt out every drop, okay? Mhehehe.*
Amane: Mm... ah... mfff... *Slurp*... haa... hmmm... well? Heel hood...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah...
Narration: *I bet it really does... This is my first time doing this sort of thing, but... if I'm not mistaken, I have the makings of a blowjob specialist...*
Narration: *I'll make you feel crazy good... for as long as it takes. I could suck your dick forever, Yuuji...*
Amane: Mm... *Slurrp*... *Smack*... mmm... mff... nnm... nmm... ah... mm... haa...
Narration: *Aah... what the heck...? I think... I really might like this...*
Narration: *My mouth's full of Yuuji... Yuuji's dick... Ahh... seriously... why am I so happy right now...? I don't... ever wanna stop... *
Amane: ...Mm... mmg... nmm... *Slurrrp*... mmnh... mmm... *Slrrrrrrrp*... Uu... Ah... Haa...
Yuuji: ...Ahh...
Narration: *Aha... Yuuji... you're blissing out, aren't you...?*
Narration: *He's a little spaced out since he just woke up... so his face looks sort of dopey... It's kinda cute...*
Narration: *C'mon... my tongue's really friggin' soft, right...? My mouth's all warm and wet... Feels good, doesn't it...?*
Yuuji: ...Ama...ne...!
Narration: *Aha... gotten a taste for my fellatio, have we...? That's fine... I'll do it every day... Just say the word, okay...? After all, I'm getting a taste for this myself...*
Amane: Mmm... *Slurrrrrrp*... Mm... Nmm... Nmf... Nm... *Slurrrp*... Haa... Haa... nnnm... *Smack*... mmm... *Slurp*...
Narration: *Ahaha... your penis is getting bigger in my mouth again... and even harder than before... Seems like you're gonna come?*
Narration: *Go right ahead, okay...? Here, I'll suck even harder... Feel free to come at any time, all right...? Don't worry, you can let it all out in my mouth...*
Amane: ...Mmf... mmm... *Smack*... nmm... mmm... *Slurrurp*... mmm... *Smack*... mmmmm... nnf... mmb... mmmm... *Slurrrrrrrrrrrp*...
Yuuji: Amane... I'm coming...
Narration: *Yeah... come for me... It's fine... I know what to do. I'll drink every drop of your semen... Go on, come...*
Yuuji: ...Ug... ah...!
Narration: *Aha... here we are... My mouth's full of it... So much... I'm kinda happy...*
Amane: Mheh♪... mmmmf... *Slurrrrrrrrrp*... *Jbluupuupuuuubpppppp*...
Narration: *Hehehe... I'm not done yet. If you suck real hard when the duct is open... in the middle of an ejaculation... it feels unbelievably amazing, right...? It said so in the magazine... I'll milk every last drop out of you...*
Amane: Mmmmmmmm♪　*Shlurrrrrrrrrrrp*♪　Mhah... haa... haa... Okay, once more... *Shluuurrrrrrrrrp*...
Yuuji: ...Guh... hey... Amane! You're... sucking too damn hard...
Amane: Mhehehe... ish good, righ'? C'mon, fill m' mouf up... Mmg... nmm... *Slurrrrp*...
Narration: *...Suck hard on the head of the penis... stroke the shaft with one hand... and massage his balls with the other... Okay... what else? Ah, crap... I forgot to stick a finger into his ass...*
Amane: ...W'oopsy... kay... poke...
Yuuji: Gaahh!! G... Amane! You just...!
Amane: Ah... sorry, did it hurt...? *Smack*... nmm... mm...
Yuuji: ...How long do you intend to keep sucking, anyway?
Amane: All gone...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Amane: Mmf... pretty amazing... You came so much I couldn't swallow it all, you know...? Did it feel good...? 
Yuuji: Yeah, damn good...
Amane: Oh yeah? Then I'll do it every morning from now on, okay...?
Yuuji: Spare me... That's what you'd call too much of a good thing...
Narration: *...You don't fool me. You totally want this every day... Yuuji, you really are a big old tsundere, aren't you...? Tehehehe.*
Narration: *...Uhm, what's next? Right, I gotta lay on the older woman thing real thick while giving his dick a nice tongue bath, I think...*
Amane: ...Yuuji, time for your tongue bath... I'll lick your dick nice and clean, okay...? Heeere we go... *Lick* *Lick*... Mwa... mmm... Yuuji... your come's really tasty, you know that?
Yuuji: I see... glad to hear it...
Amane: Ah...
Narration: *Yuuji's... patting my head... I'm kinda happy! I mean, it kinda pisses me off in a way... It feels like he's totally used to this. Had plenty of other girls do it for him, I bet... but I can't help being happy... Why?*
Narration: *Well... whatever... I'm the only one who's gonna do this for you from now on...*
Amane: Yuuji... was I a good girl? More pets...
Yuuji: Indeed you were... Good girl... You're a good girl, Amane. Thanks... It felt seriously amazing.
Amane: Ehe... ehehehe...?
Narration: *Well, I gotta admit it feels like I'm being manipulated pretty easily here, but I can't help it... When you're happy, you're happy...*
Narration: *Here I am, getting my head patted with his dick still in my mouth... laughing like an idiot... I'm sure I look like a total slut right now...*
Narration: *Well, whatever... Check it out, guys! I'm an MS-05 ●●ku!*
Narration: *But anyway, I'm really relieved... He seemed to enjoy it a lot... My debut blowjob has met with rave reviews... Please expect a repeat performance in the near future...*

Amane: C'mon, wanna kiss? Of course you do. Mmm... *Smaaack*...
Yuuji: Mmf!? Look, you―! Mmgh...!!
Amane: Mmf... Yuuji, I love you... I'll do anything for you... C'mon, how 'bout you take those pants off? Ah, no, sorry. Want me to do it for you? By which I mean, I'm going to do it for you. Whether you like it or not.
Yuuji: ...Kuh! This woman's a runaway sex train...!
Amane: Hey, wanna look at my titties? By which I mean, you're going to look at my titties. Heeere we go... Barrrrubly, aren't they?
Yuuji: ...Barrubly...?
Amane: Short for "Big and round and jubbly." See? Baruuubbly!
Yuuji: I'm not sure what "jubbly's" supposed to mean, but big and round I can't deny...
Amane: I know, right? C'mon, over here. I'll do it with my tits, okay?
Yuuji: ...Guh... This is completely idiotic, but I'm unable to resist... Why!?
Amane: You're thinking too much, Yuuji. I'm okay with being your convenient woman, you know?
Yuuji: Okay, but...
Yuuji: After all that lecturing, this is how I end up... Truly pathetic...
Amane: I want to do it, so what's the big deal? How's that, you enjoying it? Am I any good at this?
Yuuji: ...Uh, yeah...
Narration: *I kind of feel like this has less to do with skill and more to do with whether you've got the goods to pull it off, honestly...*
Narration: *...More importantly... why is this woman trying so damn hard?*
Narration: *It's almost like desperation. Like she's trying to bind me to her with her body...*
Narration: *I can't deny that it's kind of adorable... but on the other hand, I have the uneasy feeling that she's pushing herself.*
Amane: You know... I'm kind of... scared...
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Amane: Yuuji... you're not gonna just go away and leave me behind, right...?
Yuuji: Yeah, no plans to do so at the moment...
Amane: Why do you have to say it like that...? That's not good enough... Promise me you won't go away...
Yuuji: ...All right... I promise...
Amane: Oh yeah...? I don't believe you.♪
Yuuji: Look, you...!
Amane: Well, never mind all that. For the moment, how about you just enjoy my titty-pussy? Heeere we go. I'll give you a nice sloppy drool bath... feels good, huh?
Yuuji: ...Ah...
Amane: Aha.♪ Yuuji, your dick's getting nice and hard...
Yuuji: Well... yeah, of course it is...
Amane: ...Oh, wait...
Yuuji: Huh...? What's that supposed to mean...?
Amane: I forget to ask! Yuuji, what do you like girls to call your penis? Cock? Dick? Uhm, there were a few others, I think... Love stick?
Yuuji: As if I give a shit!!
Amane: That's no good! The magazine said this is "totally important," you know? Uhm, let's see... I think #1 on the list was "Cock," followed closely by "Dick" at #2...
Amane: I mean, they're just two letters different, but the ballot was totally split! Amazing, right? This is a pretty big deal to most guys, you know?
Yuuji: ...Do we have to talk about this right now...?
Amane: Ah, sorry. You want me to get the tit-fucking going already, right? Uhm, okay then. Let's go with the number one ranked "cock" for the time being, if that's okay with you.
Yuuji: Fine... I give up. Do what you want...
Amane: Okay, sounds good to me.
Amane: Heeere goes... Your cock's slippin' right into my slimy titty pussy, you know? Whadda you think? Warm and soft, isn't it? Just like the real thing!
Yuuji: ...Don't know about that. Your pussy has all those little folds, and it kind of sucks down on me when I go inside... It's not really this smooth and slippery...
Amane: Huh? Really? Damn, what now...? Okay, so let's just go with slippery. Taste my slippy-slidy super-smooth titty-pussy!
Yuuji: You're kind of incoherent at this point.
Amane: Uhmm... so how should I play this, then?
Amane: Ahh, geez, forget it! It feels good, right!? Take that! And that! How do you like them apples? Good stuff, huh? Want me to do it a little harder? Here we go, a little squish-squish, yeah...?
Yuuji: ...Ugh...
Amane: Ahah... look how hard your di... oopsy doops... look how hard your cock's getting... What a naughty boy...
Yuuji: Look... you really don't need to correct yourself over that! You're being so ridiculous I can't even concentrate...
Amane: ...Whoops... sorry, sorry, uhm... cock cock cock cock. Okay, I've got it now! No worries!
Amane: Now then, you just concentrate on your cock, okay? These are some nice soft tits, aren't they? Feels like fucking a marshmallow, I bet. This cock just might melt away if you aren't careful... You like that...?
Yuuji: You know, when you just patter away like that the effect is more comedic than sexy...
Amane: Geeeez, you're so hard to please...
Yuuji: Am I...? Uh, sorry...
Amane: Try getting into the spirit of things, why don't you...? C'mon... think like you're in my pussy, not my tits. This is the world's slimiest, warmest, smoothest pussy, okay...? There we go...
Yuuji: ...H-Hmm...
Amane: Whatcha think...? My pussy feel good...? It's crazy soft... and super slippery... It's swallowed up your cock whole, you know? See? Take a look.
Amane: That's just fine, you know? Jam it all the way to the back. You're gonna come, aren't you...? You're gonna squirt lots and lots of white stuff in there, yeah? Feel free. Come inside all you want...
Amane: Mm... your cock... it's getting even harder, you know? Now you're feeling it. My pussy's pretty good stuff, yeah? The very best, right? C'mon, tell me...
Yuuji: Yeah, it's unbelievable...
Amane: Aha, nice to hear... Hey, take a look. Your cock's gotten so big the head's sticking out of my pussy, you know? If this was the real deal, you'd be poking it into my womb.
Amane: ...Hey, wanna come? Squirt it aaaall out! Lots and lots... Just push your cock nice and hard aaaall the way to the back and let yourself go, yeah? Anytime's fine. I'm ready for you.
Amane: I'll take it all, okay...? C'mon... c'mon...
Yuuji: ...Guh...!
Amane: Aha! Here it comes! Lotsa the white stuff! Ahaha, awesome... Did you like that? I think you did! That's why you're coming so much, right?
Amane: Aha, the semen's all mixed up with my spit! It's so smelly... I can't think straight... 
Yuuji: Hey... wait, Amane...
Amane: Hm? What's up? Aha, you're still coming...! Amazing... better watch out, or I might get titty-pregnant...
Amane: Hey, I want more. Everything you've got, okay...? I won't let you save any for the other girls...! Every last drop's mine...!
Yuuji: ...Gah!
Amane: Aaah... unbelievable, Yuuji...! You're still hard after all that?
Amane: Well? Wanna keep going? Whaddaya say? Want me to use my mouth? My tongue's crazy soft too, you know? Well, well? What's your pleasure?

Yuuji: Are we seriously going to do this? I mean, here of all places...?
Amane: What are you talking about? This is a perfect setting.
Narration: *Right, a perfect setting.*
Narration: *If Yuuji wants something from me... I'll give anything to him. Anywhere, anytime. No matter what. I'll always accept him.*
Narration: *Doing it here is something like my declaration to that effect.*
Amane: ...Hey, Yuuji, you have a rubber on you?
Yuuji: Of course not.
Amane: Dang... I don't have any either... I mean, I've got plenty back at the dorm, but...
Amane: Well, whatever!♪ Hey, hurry up. Don't know when somebody might notice us.
Yuuji: We could just go back to the dorm, you know.
Amane: But if we head back to the dorm, I'll change clothes first, you know? Don'tcha want to try doing it in the school uniform?
Yuuji: Can't say I really care.
Amane: Well, I do! Shut up and get penetrating!
Yuuji: Fine, fine... here goes.
Amane: ...Mm... aaagh... ah... aah...
Narration: *Ah, whoa... this is something else... It feels totally different... It's so hot...*
Narration: *I can feel... Yuuji's dick pulsing inside me... Every throb of his heart...*
Narration: *And my pussy... it's glued to him so tight... He feels bigger than usual... Why...?*
Yuuji: ...Amane, is it just me... or are you more excited than usual?
Amane: Mm... b-but, c'mon... it's the first time I've done it raw... This is... amazing... It feels really good... Move, okay...?
Yuuji: ...All right...
Amane: ...Hnnnngh!!
Narration: *Ah... no way... what is this...? It's so... damn good... Raw dick... is just amazing...*
Yuuji: ...Right around here, I think?
Amane: Uaaah! Ah! Oh! Aah! Hhhhnn!!
Narration: *Ah... no, don't rub me there... What is that, the back of my bladder...? I don't really get it, but... if you keep grinding the tip of your cock back there... I'm gonna pee all over the floor...*
Yuuji: ...Looks about right...
Amane: Uuu! Uuu! Ohh! Ah! Aaaah! Aaah! Noo... aahh... mmmmnn!!
Narration: *Stop... stop rubbing back and forth on that one place... The stimulation's too strong... My clit's so erect it actually hurts... Aagh... I really wanna play with it... but I can't take my hands off the wall...*
Yuuji: ...Hm? Want me to do it for you...?
Amane: Huh...? Wha... hold on...! Hgaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *No way... how? How did he know what I wanted...?*
Narration: *But, this is too... Stop... if you rub my clit right now... it's gonna be too much... I won't be able to hold it much longer... I'll seriously pee!*
Yuuji: ...How about a little harder?
Amane: Eeeeeeee!!! Aah! Aaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *Oh no... my knees are going all wobbly... I can't stand up much longer... Yuuji... help... I'm gonna fall... Yuuji... Yuuji...*
Yuuji: Hold on just a little longer, Amane... I'm going all the way in...
Amane: ...Mm... hn... ah? Uu?
Yuuji: There we go...
Amane: Oh...! Aah! Ahaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *Aaaa... ah... no... no way... Don't just... slip it... all the way... to the back...! It's so hot! Your cock's so hot! I'm gonna melt!!*
Amane: Oh! Aah...! Oh... aaaah...!!
Narration: *Ah... it's hitting me... The hot, bulging tip of his cock... It's all the way back there... hitting the entrance to my womb... rubbing it... grinding against me!*
Yuuji: You really do like it better from behind, don't you? Look how wet you are...
Amane: Oh... ohh! Aah... ahhh...
Yuuji: ...You're not hearing a word I say, are you...
Amane: Yuuji... more... gimme more... Bully me... Tease my womb harder...
Yuuji: Like this...?
Amane: Uhhhhhn!!!
Narration: *Oh god... this is so good... I'm melting... My pussy's melting... Every time he rubs me back there... I can feel myself getting wetter... squeezing down on his cock...*
Narration: *My pussy's... begging Yuuji's dick... like a spoiled child... Snuggling up against him... and begging him to come...*
Amane: Wait...! Please... wait! Do it... do it slower... Rub me slower... or else I'm not... gonna be able to keep standing... Please...
Yuuji: Hm... like this...?
Amane: Mmmm... ah... aaaaah... haaaaaa... That's good... That's so nice, Yuuji... Really nice... My waist's going numb... I think I like it... when you grind against the back nice and slow like that... ahaha...
Narration: *Aah... I'm done for... Yuuji figured it all out... Everything... All the places... that make me feel good...*
Narration: *...This is... so good... so slow and gentle... It's amazing... Yuuji... If you keep this up, even my brains are gonna melt to mush...*
Yuuji: ...Nice and slow... This what you wanted?
Amane: Mmm... yeah... it feels so gooood...
Yuuji: Okay then... nice and slow here as well, right?
Amane: ...Eeek!!
Narration: *Ah... he's playing with my clit again... Really slowly... like a massage... Pinching it with his fingers every once in a while... Rolling it around... Ah... this is really bad... It's a hundred times better than doing it myself...*
Narration: *My pussy's quivering... I can't stop it...*
Yuuji: ...Mm... Amane... are you almost there?
Amane: Yeah... gonna come... if you keep going... I'm gonnna just slowly... fall... aaall th' way down...
Yuuji: In that case, I'm gonna pick up the pace, all right?
Amane: Yeah, do... do me hard...
Narration: *Ahh... not good... my legs are seriously going to rubber...*
Narration: *For now, I'm kind of being propped up by Yuuji's dick inside of me... but if he took it out... I think I'd just collapse...*
Amane: ...Nn... nnn... nn... nnn... ah... ooh... oh... ahh...
Narration: *He's poking against the back at a regular tempo... I think... I'm in trouble now...*
Narration: *My pussy's... melting into goo... He knows... all my weak spots... teasing them mercilessly... My brain's... turning to mush...*
Narration: *This is bad... My head really is spinning... I think... I'm gonna come... Hey... Yuuji... I'm coming...*
Narration: *My pussy's twitching against him all on its own... asking him for his semen...*
Amane: Hey... Yuuji... I'm gonna come... I'm coming... Hey, Yuuji... Yuuji... 
Yuuji: Yeah... I'm coming too, Amane...
Amane: ...Ahaha.♪
Narration: *Yuuji's dick's getting even bigger... Amazing... I can feel it swelling up inside my pussy... Yuuji...*
Narration: *Ah... hold on... No way, seriously...? You're putting it... all the way in...? You're gonna come that deep inside me...?*
Yuuji: ...Guhh...!
Amane: Hyaaa...! Aah...! Aaaaaaaaaah!!
Amane: Uu... uuuuuu...
Narration: *Ah... amazing... He's shooting out so much hot come... It's sinking into the back of my pussy...*
Narration: *I mean... my womb's sucking tight against Yuuji's cock... like it's drinking his semen up...*
Narration: *What is this... this warmth...? It's so relaxing...*
Narration: *I see... Right now, I'm making... a baby with Yuuji...*
Narration: *It's so mysterious... Did that hard, violent cock... really fill me up with this gentle warmth...?*
Narration: *Hey... let it all out, okay...? I want everything... all of it inside me, Yuuji...*
Yuuji: ...Phew...
Amane: Huh...? No, stop... You're taking it out already...?
Yuuji: The instant when a guy pops it out right after he's finished coming is the absolute best.
Amane: Ah... really...?
Narration: *That's a new discovery... Better make a note.*
Narration: *Ah, no. More importantly...*
Amane: Hey, you can still go, right? One more time...
Yuuji: ...You for real...?
Amane: Geez, don't pinch the bridge of your nose and stare at the ceiling... C'mon, please?
Yuuji: Well... look, I mean...
Amane: All right! If you're that reluctant, I have no choice! You may stick it in my anus! How d'you like them apples!?
Yuuji: How am I supposed to respond to that...? Look, that's not something you do on a spur-of-the-moment whim, all right?
Amane: Not to worry! I knew this day would come, so I've been keeping my butt nice and clean! I even practiced opening it up a little in the bath! I got two whole fingers in there!
Yuuji: ...Are you a deviant or what? I'm seriously disturbed...
Amane: Don't say stuff like that! I was working hard to have my ass ready and waiting for your pleasure! And this is what I get!? "Deviant!?" So mean!
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah, I know. My bad... Thanks, Amane. I love anal sex! Yaaay! Whee!
Amane: ...That's better... Okay then, you can have at it...
Yuuji: ...Are you sure about this?
Amane: Yeah... it's fine... Don't worry. C'mere.
Yuuji: ...Okay, I'm putting it in...
Amane: Y-Yeah...
Narration: *Ah... the head of Yuuji's dick is sticking right up against my anus... It's so hot...*
Narration: *He's really... gonna put it in there...*
Narration: *I mean, I know I'm the one who proposed this and all, but... my heart's really pounding... I'm kinda scared...*
Yuuji: There...
Amane: ...Ugha...!!
Narration: *Uugh... the tip... just pushed right in...? What the heck... This feels really weird...*
Yuuji: You okay...?
Amane: Y-Yeah... I think... I'm fine... It doesn't hurt too much, really... mmm... haa... haa...
Yuuji: I'm gonna put it further in, all right...?
Amane: Uh... uuugh...!! Urrgghhhhh...
Narration: *No... what is this...? It feels like... he's wrenching my asshole wide open... tearing it apart...*
Narration: *It's made to push stuff out... but this big fat thing is pushing forcibly inside it... This is really weird... It feels gross...!*
Yuuji: ...Guh... Amane... it's too damn tight... Don't clamp down so hard...
Amane: Easy... for you to say... I can't... ah! Uaah! Aah!　
Yuuji: Look at that... your asshole's wide open... All the little wrinkles are stretched out and white from the strain...
Amane: Fascinating, but... exactly how am I supposed to look at it...?
Yuuji: ...I'm gonna move, okay...?
Amane: Uu... uuuuugh... haa... ah... aaaaaaaah...
Narration: *Ah... when he pulls it out... the feeling of relief is... Yeah, sort of... blissful...*
Yuuji: ...And again...
Amane: Nnnhh! Eeee! Ah! Uuuuuu!!
Narration: *Agh... when he crams it back in... there's this really strong feeling... that my body's being invaded... Makes me feel like I'm doing something taboo... Oh, geez... this is embarrassing... The weird little wet sounds don't help...*
Amane: ...Mm... Yuuji, it's okay... You can move more...
Yuuji: All right...
Amane: Hiii!!
Narration: *Ah... ah... this is... weird... It feels wrong... What is this? It's like... pushing out a big turd, and then having it shoved back into me... Oh man... this is way too embarrassing...*
Narration: *Every time he pushes his dick up into my ass... it makes these bizarre little squelching noises...*
Amane: Uu... oh! Ah... aaah... mmm... hn... oh... ah... haa... mmm... ah... oh... uu... uuu...
Narration: *Geez... it sounds so sloppy down there... Yuuji's penis is... still wet with his semen and my juices... My anus is getting all slimy... It's a weird feeling...*
Amane: Mm... ah... haa... haa... hey, Yuuji... what's it... like? Ah... haa... do you like... my ass...?
Yuuji: Hmm... it's something else... Almost slippery, compared to the rougher texture of your pussy... It's really tight at the entrance, but surprisingly open inside...
Amane: ...It doesn't... feel good...?
Yuuji: No, it does. And there's a pretty thrilling sense of conquest... Wrecking your ass is kind of satisfying somehow... Like so...
Amane: Uhhiii!! Aah! Ohh!
Narration: *Ah... hey...! No way... C'mon... you shoved it in all the way to the base...? It hurts, Yuuji...!*
Yuuji: There we go... all the way in... You've got one hell of a big ass to take all this, you know that, Amane...? Criminal.
Amane: Uu... uuuuuu... don't shay thaat... You're so meaaan... Don't spank meeee...
Narration: *Nooo... when he slaps my butt... it turns me on... It's like... when I was a kid... and Dad got angry at me...*
Narration: *When I do something bad... I'll get spanked... I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I won't do it again... Please stop... I'm sorry...*
Amane: Waah! Aahn!! Aah! Wah! Aaah! Uuu! Ah! More... spank me more, Yuuji... I'm... a bad girl, so... hit me more...!
Yuuji: ...You're a bad girl, Amane...
Amane: Eeeee! Aaah! Ah! Uuuuuuu!!
Narration: *He's smacking my butt... while pushing his dick in and out of my asshole... Wow... what's with this...? It feels so... satisfying...*
Narration: *Hey... Yuuji... do it more... Bully me more... Come on... please...? You can wreck my ass all you want, okay...? Please...*
Yuuji: Bad girl. Bad, bad girl. Learned your lesson yet?
Amane: Waah!! Uuu! Ah! Noooo! I'm sorryyyy!
Narration: *Ah... aah... my butt's making these weird little grunts every time he moves into me... It's so humiliating... I want to cry... and... he's doing it so deep... I'm going to...*
Amane: Hhhggggh! No... shtop... 'm gonna... come...! Ah... Yuuji... Yuuji... no... no... no, no, no... eeeeeeeeeeee!!
Yuuji: ...Kuh... Amane...
Narration: *Mmm... amazing... Even though he's violating my ass... my womb's pushing all the way down in hope of a meal... My butt's clenching around Yuuji's dick as if trying to strangle it...*
Amane: Uuuuuuuu!! I'm coming! I'm commmmming!!! Aagh!! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Yuuji: Amane... I'm coming...
Amane: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *It's flowing right into me...*
Narration: *Yuuji's coming again... He's filling up my butt... It's hot... There's so much...*
Narration: *He just... came that much inside my pussy... How did he still have all this in him...? Is Yuuji... some kind of sex machine...?*
Narration: *If you came this much... it must have felt good, right...? In that case... I'll let you do it again... any time you want, okay...?*

Amane: ...Mmm...!
Narration: *"Slut."*
Narration: *Women are a bit too complex to fit neatly inside the frame of that simplistic concept.*
Narration: *Sometimes they want to forget something painful.*
Narration: *Sometimes they're simply lonely.*
Narration: *And maybe sometimes, it's no one easily defined emotion; maybe it's all of the above and more, an overwhelming jumble of hopelessly tangled feelings... Under such circumstances, women throw themselves at men.*
Narration: *Any man will do; sometimes, even someone they despise from the bottom of their heart. Sex is a moment of forgetfulness for them, a band-aid on a wound. Men refer to such women as "sluts."  *
Narration: *Amane confidently refers to herself as such on a regular basis. But however urgent her sexual demands, she's far from indiscriminate. Her target has always been restricted to me and me alone.*
Narration: *Almost as if she's decided I'm the only band-aid that can cover up her particular wound.*
Amane: ...Ah... uu... there... Yeah... right there... Do it harder...
Yuuji: "There?" I'm currently stimulating three distinct erogenous zones. Your orders are unclear. Request clarification.
Amane: ...My pussy...
Yuuji: Didn't copy that. Say again.
Amane: I said my pussy, all right!? Geez! Why do you always have to be such a tease!?
Yuuji: Sorry. I'm a snot-nosed little punk, you see. Brats like me tend to tease the girls we love in an immature attempt to get their attention.
Amane: Uuu... Jerk... mmmn... aaaah...
Narration: *Every time Amane moans, her walls tighten wetly around me and squirm inward, urging me further inside.*
Narration: *Actively resisting the inviting movements of Amane's vagina, I pull slowly out of her depths. On the way back, the head of my penis brushes against her bladder, prompting her legs to quiver uncontrollably.*
Amane: ...Nhh! Ah... no... don't take it out...
Yuuji: It's hard for me to reach your clit at this angle... Amane, can you try and push your butt out a little further?
Amane: Mm... like this?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's about right. Here we go...
Amane: Eeeek! Ah! Nooo! Don't squeeze that hard, you're gonna crush i... Ah... gaaaah!!
Yuuji: Sorry, did that hurt...?
Amane: Mm... oh... aah...
Narration: *At first, be rough enough to inspire a bit of pain; immediately after, become decidedly gentle. Basic occupation theory. The sudden contrast inspires your opponent to relax, giving rise to carelessness and hastening their downfall.*
Narration: *As I slowly, carefully rub her clitoris, Amane's eyes grow hazy. As she gets closer to climax, her legs go weak, her knees trembling like those of a newborn fawn.*
Narration: *Her body grows progressively hotter underneath me, and her normally subtle, sweet body odor is soon thick in the air.*
Narration: *It seems Amane gets aroused by the smell of my body. To tell the truth, I find her scent very pleasant as well. Almost soothing.*
Narration: *...Recently, when I take Amane in my arms, I have the odd sensation of snapping the last piece of a jigsaw puzzle into place.*
Narration: *The intense heat of her body; her sweet, womanly scent, somehow reminiscent of ripe fruit; even the tiny beads of sweat that form on her naked back―*
Narration: *It's all become so familiar to me. So natural. Just feeling her nestle close is enough to fill me with a mysterious sense of total well-being.*
Amane: ...Yuuji... ah... don't... Yuuji... don't play with my... clit anymore... I'm gonna... come... C'mon... cut it out already... That's plenty...
Yuuji: Hm? No need to hold back. Come to your heart's content... Here, I'll help.
Narration: *Having softened her defenses with a long period of gentle, soft stimulation, I begin to pick up the pace slightly.*
Amane: Heeek!! Ah! Ah... aaaah... mm... aaaaah... don't! Seriously, don't! I'm not gonna be able to hold it! I'm gonna... I'm gonna leak again!
Yuuji: Where are your manners? I haven't heard "please have mercy" yet.
Amane: Hyu... please... have mercy... Forgive me...
Yuuji: Very well. Since you asked so nicely...
Amane: ...Hey... enough teasing, okay...? You're in too shallow... Gimme the usual... All the way inside... pleeease...
Yuuji: Hmm. Like so?
Amane: Aaah... y-yeah... that's good...! I love it... when you go deep... I love it... when you rub up against my womb...
Amane: Hey... heeey... Yuuji... don't stop... I'll squeeze you nice and hard back there, so... gimme more... mmmnnnm!!
Yuuji: ...Uh... gah... you sure can clamp down when you want to, Amane...
Amane: Hehe... hey... you like that...? Does it feel good... Do I feel good...?
Yuuji: Yeah... it's incredibly warm... tight and wet... You're not just good. You're amazing.
Amane: Aha... amazing, huh? But am I the very best...? Ever had better? C'mon, tell me...
Yuuji: Amane, you're the very best. World's greatest pussy. I'll get you a mug.
Amane: ...Nhh!! Ah... aha... ah! Crap... I nearly... came just now... Do you really mean that...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Not to make any weird analogies, but it's like slipping your feet into a favorite pair of shoes...
Amane: ...The heck... is that? Mmm... so, you're saying a worn-in, familiar pussy is the best...?
Yuuji: That's right...
Amane: Heh... mmm... lately, we've been doing nothing but screwing, after all... I wonder if my pussy's... shaped like your cock by now...?
Yuuji: That's a good thing in my book. It's an absolute perfect fit... Sticks onto me and never wants to let me go. I love it.
Amane: I'm happy to hear that...
Amane: Y'know... I really love your cock, too, Yuuji... Sometimes, I even dream about sucking it... mmmmn...
Yuuji: You do love giving blowjobs, after all...
Amane: That's not true... I love you, that's all... I don't like blowjobs or anything...
Yuuji: Really, now?
Amane: ...Uu...
Yuuji: Tell me the truth.
Amane: ...I like giving blowjobs...
Yuuji: What was that?
Amane: Geeeez!! I love giving blowjobs! I'm a huge pervert!! I absolutely love stuffing my mouth full of hard cock and licking it till my tongue goes numb!!
Yuuji: ...No need to shout it to the rooftops. If you get too loud, somebody's going to notice we're back here.
Amane: Auu... Yuuji, you're a big fat bully... *Sob*...
Yuuji: My bad, my bad. Don't cry, okay? Here, I'll play with your clit for you...
Amane: ...Uu... he... wai... you jerkkk! Aaaaaaaaaaahh!!
Yuuji: Whoops... there she goes again. I never learn, do I...
Amane: Ah! Nooo! St-! Stop! Don't go that fast! I'm gonna... I'm gonna!! Nhaaaaaaah!! Eek! Aaaaaaaaaaah!!
Amane: Noooooo!! I can't stop peeeeeing!! And you won't... stop... hitting my womb... I can't do this anymore! I'm going crazy!!
Yuuji: Mmm... look at that... Amane, your womb's totally open and waiting... Keeps sticking against the head of my penis...
Amane: Ah... uu! Sor... I'm sorr... sorry... my womb's a slut too... So go ahead and come, okay...? C'mon, press it right up against my womb... and let it all out...
Yuuji: ...All right... Amane, I'm going to fill you up...
Amane: Ah... it's so hot! Aaaah! I'm... still peeing, and... Yuuji... Yuuji! I-I'm... I'm gonna come again...!! Yuujiiiiiii!!
Yuuji: Aah... goddamn... this is unbelievable. It's like you're sucking it out of me... 
Amane: Ah... uu... ah... haah... comin'... co... I... came... again... Yuuji... hah...
Yuuji: Uh, hey. Amane? You all right there?
Amane: Ahah... hahaha... Sorr... my head just went kinda blank there for a second... 
Yuuji: Can you stand up? You'll get dirty if you stay on the ground.
Amane: Yeah, sorry... I'm fine now... Seems like I kinda go lightheaded when I come too hard... Wonder if I need more iron in my diet?
Yuuji: Having sex standing up is a hell of a workout on the legs. Maybe you're a bit anemic.
Amane: You think? Oh... ah, I'm sorry... I slipped off while you were still coming, didn't I...? C'mere, I'll suck the rest out for you...
Yuuji: Hm... you really can't pass up a chance for a blowjob, Amane...
Amane: ...I told you, that's not true... I'm only doing this because it's you, Yuuji.
Amane: Uh, hey! Waaah! You're still coming!?
Yuuji: Aah, sorry... Got some on your face there...
Amane: Mm... no worries... All right, I'll make sure to get the rest inside my mouth... 'kay? Aaaaaan.♪
Yuuji: ...Urgh... the vacuum cleaner's latched on...
Amane: Mheheh... feelsh good, ri'ht? Mmf... *Sluurrrp*... y'know, I'm about th' onl' girl you're gonna find... who'd ch'ean up a big ol' per'y cock like thish...
Amane: Mmm... *Smack*... mmfb... *Slurrrrrp*...
Yuuji: Ugh...!
Amane: Aha... you're still going? Mmmchlp... fin' by me... Let it aaaall out... Nmm... *Lick*... mmm... *Smack*... *Slurrrrrrrp*...
Yuuji: Aah... amazing stuff. Feels like your tongue's coiling around me... Pretty thorough today, aren't you...?
Amane: Mheh... It was reaaally good for me today... so I gotta pay my respects to my lord an' master... mmmmf... *Smack*... Thanks, mister cock... Gimme more real soon, okay? *Slurrrrrp*...
Yuuji: Amane... there's no more coming, you know...?
Amane: Hm? Really? Wanna go another round, then?
Yuuji: No, I really don't think we can drag this out this much longer...

Makina: Ama-neeee? You arooound?
Amane: Oh crap! It's Makina!
Yuuji: Guess she finished watching television... In here, Makina!
Amane: Wha-! Don't call her! What kind of excuse can we possibly make if she sees us like this!?
Yuuji: Do we need to make an excuse?
Amane: Well...! Uhm... come on, we can't let her see this, right!?
Yuuji: Hardly think there's any need to keep it a secret.
Amane: A-Anyway! I'll come up with an explanation, so you wait in here for a while before leaving! Got it!?
Yuuji: Well, all right...
Narration: *There's no need to hide it, but I guess it's not exactly something to show off either...*

Narration: *―When I opened my eyes, I was in darkness.*
Narration: *I couldn't see a thing.*
Narration: *I blinked repeatedly and slowly counted to ten, but that didn't change.*
Narration: *I couldn't even tell if my surroundings were really dark, or if my eyes weren't working.*
Narration: *In the blackness, so deep I couldn't see the palm of my hand in front of my face, I heard moaning voices from all around me.*
Narration: *Painful, hacking coughs. Screams of agony. My ears, at least, were functional.*
Narration: *As I repeated quiet, calming breaths, the scent of gasoline tickled my nose, and with that stimulation the haze of confusion lifted slightly―*
Narration: *And I remembered that I was inside a bus.*
Amane: ...Uu...
Narration: *Groping around my surroundings, I vaguely realized that I was lying on top of something soft.*
Amane: ...Oww...
Narration: *When I tried to sit up, I hit my head sharply against a seat.*
Narration: *I reached up to my eyes to check if my glasses had been knocked crooked, only to discover that they weren't on my face in the first place.*
Narration: *I groped around the area frantically. Again, my hand found something strangely soft... and warm.*
Narration: *It was the heat of a living thing. Realizing with a start that I was touching another person, I reflexively jerked my hand back.*
???: ...Have you regained consciousness?
Amane: ...Huh? Ah... yeah...
???: If you can move, I'd appreciate it if you could get off me...
Amane: Ah, s-sorry...
Narration: *Finally understanding that someone was pinned under my body, I fumbled in search of a foothold. But the "floor" my feet were searching for wasn't there.*
???: Watch your step... the ceiling of this bus has become a wall.
Amane: The ceiling... is a wall...?
???: Yes, as is the floor. And the things that were the walls are our new ceiling and floor. To put it more simply, we're overturned.
Amane: ...Over...turned...
Narration: *As I repeated that word out loud in an attempt to process its meaning, further understanding of the situation flooded into my mind.*
Narration: *This was the inside of a school bus...*
Narration: *On the way back from our summer training camp, our bus had fallen off a cliff. With us still inside.*
???: Please don't let me rush you, but could you perhaps get moving? You've been stepping on my left arm for some time now.
Amane: S-Sorry!!
???: ...!! That hurts! Don't just thrash around!
Amane: Ah... I'm so sorry...
???: Is that a vocal tic of yours? Tell me your name. I'd like to be able to curse you when I deliver your well-deserved beating.
Amane: Ah... uhm... I'm sorry...
???: It's a joke. I'm Kazami Kazuki. And you?
Amane: ...I'm Suou... Suou Amane...
Kazuki: Ah, right, Suou-san. I know you by name and appearance, but this would be the first time we've spoken, I believe.
Amane: Ah, yes... It's a pleasure to meet you...
Kazuki: You don't have to talk politely to me. I'm a first-year like you. And if possible, I'd like to save the introductions for after you've removed yourself from on top of me. I'm about to cry from the pain...
Amane: I-I'm sorry!
Kazuki: That's the fifth time. Listen to me. The more you say the word "sorry," the less meaning it holds. The next time you apologize to me, I'm going to get angry.
Amane: Ah... uh... s... uuu...
Kazuki: Spare me your "uuu." Move to your left, the exit is in that direction.
Amane: ...Sorry...
Kazuki: ...Tch...
Amane: Don't growl at me... I really am sorry.
Narration: *I knew the name Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *It was the name of the top incoming student. The girl who'd been chosen as our class representative to deliver the greeting speech at our entrance ceremony this spring.*
Narration: *"Kazuki" sounded like a boy's name, and the girl herself appeared somewhat absentminded, always walking around with a sleepy look on her face―*
Narration: *And yet, there was something about her that suggested the cold sharpness of a blade.*
Narration: *We belonged to the same basketball team, and participated in the training camp together―*
Narration: *But I had shied away from the foreboding aura she projected, and in the end we hadn't spoken so much as once during the trip.*
Narration: *The interior of the bus was scattered with debris, and every foothold was uncertain; but Kazami Kazuki quickly crawled her way through, dragged herself out a shattered window, and turned back to offer her hand to me.*
Kazuki: ...Come on. Take my hand.
Amane: Thank you...
Kazuki: It seems we've survived for the moment... Here, your glasses. They are yours, yes?
Amane: ...Huh? Ah... yes... Thank you...
Amane: ......
Narration: *The moment I replaced the glasses on my head, I drew a harsh breath at the sight of the bus we had been riding in.*
Narration: *The roof was smashed, the windows all broken. The vehicle was completely overturned, its belly exposed. White smoke was pouring from the area of the still-active engine.*
Narration: *"We need to get away fast or we'll be in danger. At this rate, that thing might explode..."*
Narration: *As that fear ran through my mind, Kazami Kazuki glanced briefly at my face with her usual sleepy expression, then snorted lightly.*
Kazuki: ...It's fine. Rest assured, vehicles exploding after this sort of accident only happens in movies.
Amane: ...How did you know what I was thinking?
Kazuki: You were staring at the smoking engine with a terrified look on your face. Even a child could figure that one out. Now then, who shall we save first?
Amane: ...Huh?
Kazuki: Now that you know there won't be an explosion, I was expecting the next words out of your mouth to be "We have to rescue everyone right away." Was I mistaken?
Amane: ......
Kazuki: Please don't look at me as if I were some sort of telepath. I'm just trying to cut to the chase.
Kazuki: So, who shall we save first? I'll let you decide. 1: Our teacher 2: Your best friend 3: The wounded Whose rescue would you prioritize? 
Amane: Why are you making me decide...?
Kazuki: It's something like a simple psychology test. I thought I'd use your answer to see what sort of person you are.
Amane: ...Who would you save first, Kazami-san?
Kazuki: Answering a question with a question will get you a reputation as an idiot. Or do you mean to say that reserving your answer is the only answer you can come up with?
Kazuki: In that case, I'll mark you down as a girl without a shred of decisiveness or ability to assess her situation. Is that all right with you?
Amane: ...Uuu...
Kazuki: ...*Sigh*... Very well. I'll decide. Let's save the captain first.
Amane: Why the captain...?
Kazuki: Because I hate her.
Amane: ...Huh?
Kazuki: In response to the previous question, I wouldn't choose option 1, 2, or 3, but rather 4: "The people I hate" come first.
Amane: A 4th option... Isn't that kind of cheating?
Kazuki: I don't recall specifically limiting you to those 3 choices. It's also a test to see how you respond when the correct answer isn't given to you as an option.
Amane: That's just a trick question... And why would you save the people you hate first?
Kazuki: We're going to have do this for all 12 people in there, you know? If the last one left is someone I hate, I'd definitely think "This is too much of a pain in the ass."
Amane: ...That's your reason...?
Kazuki: Yes. I prefer to get unpleasant things out of the way as quickly as possible. I tend to finish my summer homework before the vacation even begins.
Amane: I sort of get it... maybe? I don't get it.
Kazuki: You don't need to get it. Come help me, if you'd be so kind.
Amane: Ah... yeah... sorry.
Narration: *To be honest, I found it very difficult to understand her thoughts.*
Narration: *But I did understand that the word "genius" was probably created to describe this sort of person.*
Narration: *―There were 14 people riding on that bus, including the team's advisor.*
Narration: *Eventually, 11 people emerged from its wreckage, together with one small dog that belonged to a team member.*
Narration: *The remaining 3 were dead.*
Narration: *2 were killed instantly when the bus fell―*
Narration: *The other, still conscious immediately after the accident, rolled herself into a ball and moaned for ten minutes before she died.*
Narration: *Among the 11 survivors, 4 were wounded.*
Narration: *One had broken both her legs.*
Narration: *One had struck her head and suffered a laceration.*
Narration: *One had received a gash to her abdomen from a sharp object.*
Narration: *And the man who should have been our guardian - the teacher who had been our team's advisor - was unconscious and showed no signs of waking. That, more than anything else, filled our hearts with gloom.*
Narration: *None of us could get our minds around the situation we were in. Clutching our knees to our chests, we sat on the ground in a daze.*
Kazuki: I believe we should attend to the wounded first of all. What do you think?
Narration: *But that heavy silence was soon broken. Kazami Kazuki spoke in a perfectly normal tone of voice.*
Narration: *When I raised my head in response to her clear, firm words, I saw that she was addressing our group's official leader - the team captain.*
Kazuki: This is exactly the sort of situation where you need to maintain control, Senpai.
Captain: ...Yes, I'm well aware of my responsibilities, thank you very much... but what can we possibly do in these circumstances?
Kazuki: Would you allow me a counter-argument?
Captain: ...Go ahead.
Kazuki: There's no guarantee whatsoever that help will arrive if we simply wait. If you feel you lack the capacity to lead in this situation, I can take on that role in your stead. Your decision?
Captain: Don't give me that! If you make a mistake in judgment and things get worse, who do you think would take the blame!?
Kazuki: You're rather composed to still be worrying about such things in a situation like this...
Captain: Sorry, what was that!? I didn't quite hear you!
Kazuki: It was nothing important. So, does this mean you feel able to assume leadership?
Captain: I don't need your concern! Ritsu! Come over here!
Ritsu: Ah, yes...
Ritsu: ...What can I do for you?
Captain: Your family operates a medical practice, don't they?
Ritsu: Yes, that's right...
Captain: Then you can at least handle first-aid, right? Get started right away.
Ritsu: ...What? No! I can't do that! Just because my parents are doctors, that doesn't mean I know...!
Captain: You're still better than a complete amateur, aren't you!? Stop whining and take care of it!
Ritsu: ...But, but...
Narration: *Ritsu wrung her hands in front of her chest. I completely understood her feelings. Taking on the role of doctor simply because of her parents' occupation? The responsibility was far too grave.*
Narration: *It wasn't as though she had inherited their medical skills, and superficial knowledge wouldn't be enough in this situation.*
Narration: *The team captain, Sakashita Chiaki, and Koide Ritsu, a girl who had always played the role of her devoted underling...*
Narration: *As a mere first-year, I didn't know much about their relationship. But the fact was that I'd never seen Ritsu disobey an order from the captain.*
Captain: Ritsu, don't make me repeat myself!
Ritsu: ...I understand... I'll start with Hirooka-san...
Captain: What are you saying? Mr. Ochi has to come first.
Ritsu: But both of Hirooka-san's legs are fractured, it's very serious...
Captain: I'm telling you to look at Mr. Ochi first!
Ritsu: ...Yes...
Narration: *Kazuki watched with the disdainful eyes of a spectator to an ugly farce as Ritsu swallowed her complaints. As our "doctor" walked away with sagging shoulders, Kazuki approached Sakashita for the second time.*
Kazuki: Captain Sakashita, may I have permission to survey the surrounding area?
Captain: Don't just wander off by yourself! Why are you always trying to disrupt the group like this!?
Kazuki: Suou-san, I'd like you to accompany me, if you don't mind.
Amane: Huh? Uh, okay...
Captain: Excuse me!? Kazami-san!?
Kazuki: It should be all right if I'm not by myself, yes? I'm trying to be considerate here, in my own way. It should be easier for you to push everyone around if I'm not here.
Captain: ...Gh...!
Kazuki: Let's be on our way, Suou-san.
Amane: Ah, wait!
Narration: *As I chased after Kazami Kazuki, I saw the captain's expression out of the corner of my eye.*
Narration: *She was glaring at me, making no attempt to hide her displeasure. Her eyes asked "Are you taking that woman's side?" In response, I offered a quick bow of my head.*
Narration: *I didn't understand myself whether that gesture was an apology for siding with Kazuki, or a silent attempt to convey "I haven't betrayed you."*
Narration: *Either way, some instinct inside me had judged that following Kazami Kazuki was the correct decision.*
Narration: *Although I had seen Kazuki for the first time at that entrance ceremony, I had known her name for much longer.*
Narration: *When we were grade schoolers, it was well-known that an 8-year-old child had taken a "special prize" at the district painting contest.*
Narration: *As the painting had been exhibited among other children's work, that was her only award, but it might well have taken the overall prize otherwise. Our class took a trip to see her piece on display at the district assembly hall.*
Narration: *Even with my immature eye for art, I could sense "something" inexpressible in words from that painting, something that nonetheless moved my heart―*
Narration: *And my impression of that work, and the name of the genius who painted it, were deeply etched into my mind.*
Narration: *"Kazami Kazuki"*
Narration: *She wasn't blessed with talent as a painter alone. She could do anything she tried, anything at all... Well, that might be a bit of an exaggeration, but...*
Narration: *On her first attempt, she could usually produce adequate results. If it was a field she found particularly difficult, it might take three days of effort for her to reach average skill. Those were the rumors, anyway.*
Narration: *According to those who knew her: "She lives in a different world;" or "I can't believe that she's a human being;" or "She can see things normal people can't"―*
Narration: *At the time, I was astonished that anyone could inspire such stories, many of which were so overblown that they took on a tinge of the occult.*
Narration: *But when we entered the same school in the same year, even joining the same team, the girl appeared perfectly normal... if a little standoffish.*
Narration: *Even so, I could vaguely sense that her "true nature" was somehow different from that of an ordinary person. To be honest, I had avoided her as a result.*
Narration: *And now I was alone with her for the first time under these circumstances. Although I followed as instructed, I couldn't find anything to say to her, and she was equally silent.*
Narration: *The two of us just trudged on, not exchanging a single word.*
Narration: *The ground at our feet was rugged and hard, and rock walls loomed on both sides. When I looked straight up, there was nothing but trees and sky. We seemed to have fallen into some sort of fissure... a "crack" in the earth.*
Narration: *The walls were maybe ten meters tall at their lowest point. Not so high as to rule out climbing, but on both sides the rock face slanted inward as they rose up, hanging over us...*
Narration: *With this pronounced of an overhang, climbing with bare hands seemed impossible, and even with tools it would likely be difficult.*
Narration: *Apparently Kazami Kazuki had been thinking along the same lines. She came to a stop a little ways ahead of me, placed her hand on one of the slanting walls of rock, and began to strike it with a stone she had picked up off the ground. *
Amane: ...What is that going to tell you?
Kazuki: You finally open your mouth to ask me that, of all things? Don't you have other questions to ask of me?
Amane: ...Other... questions?
Kazuki: Such as... "how can we climb these walls," or perhaps "can we get back to the road," or "what should we do next," among many others―
Kazuki: Or the question that's likely foremost in your mind... "why did you ask me to come"... or so I would imagine?
Amane: ...You're right...
Kazuki: Then I'll tell you straight. I chose you because you're the type who can't refuse when pressured.
Kazuki: In your case, when asked "Would you like to come along?" you'll agonize over your decision. But when ordered "Come with me," you'll obey without much thought. Yes?
Amane: ...What makes you think so?
Kazuki: It's a conclusion I drew from the results of our little psych test earlier. Was I mistaken?
Amane: ......
Narration: *Yes, she was probably right.*
Narration: *When my mother asked me "What should we have for our snack today?" I would answer "What do you want, Mommy?"*
Narration: *When she simply told me "We're having cakes today," I was relieved because I wouldn't have to choose.*
Narration: *Given multiple choices I would waver indecisively, and when given a single path I would follow it obediently. That was just my personality.*
Kazuki: "If I run my mouth, who knows what she'll pick out of my head next"... or so I'm seeing on your face. But personally, I'd prefer it if you didn't get too wary over this.
Narration: *As she spoke, Kazami Kazuki removed her cell phone from her pocket and looked into the screen.*
Kazuki: ...Aah, no signal after all. How about yours?
Amane: Huh? Oh...
Narration: *I hurriedly pulled my phone out of my school uniform, but as expected, its screen was also displaying the words "No Signal."*
Amane: ...No good, mine is out of range as well...
Kazuki: No surprise...
Narration: *Kazuki turned off her phone immediately and slid it back into her pocket.*
Kazuki: You should turn yours off as well. The battery consumption is surprisingly rapid when it's trying to find a signal.
Amane: ...Yeah...
Narration: *It wasn't as discouraging as I would have expected to find our cell phones were useless.*
Narration: *To tell the truth, I had checked mine soon after escaping the bus.*
Narration: *Of course, the screen had also displayed "No Signal" then. Finding that was still the case prompted little more than a feeling of resignation: "Well, expected as much..."*
Narration: *We were within a long, tunnel-like "crevice"― maybe if we just kept following it... partially because of wishful thinking like that, I wasn't in a state of despair at our situation.*
Narration: *Another factor was the strange sense of security that came from being near this girl named "Kazami Kazuki"... as though I'd found firm, reliable ground to stand on―*
Narration: *"If I'm with this girl, it'll work out somehow." Her strangely powerful presence let me think such irresponsible thoughts somewhere deep down.*
Kazuki: The situation can't be called favorable...
Narration: *There was a heavily overgrown "jungle" visible in the direction Kazuki was pointing.*
Narration: *It was a dense forest, seemingly devoid of animal life, that seemed to actively refuse human entry.*
Narration: *The thick wall of vibrant green almost seemed pleasant at a glance―*
Narration: *And yet it was obvious that a single step inside would find you in an environment far too harsh to support human life.*
Narration: *Even if you were to advance by hacking through the thick grasses and bushes rising over your head, the distance you could advance in one day would be pretty limited―*
Narration: *And in avoiding the tall trees that grew close enough together as to block out the light of day, you'd quickly lose any grasp of your own position anyway.*
Kazuki: If we'd been lucky we might've discovered some traces of human entry... but there doesn't seem to be any point in getting our hopes up...
Narration: *If there's even one path a human traveled, follow it and you'll find a place where humans live.*
Narration: *But the "jungle" in front of us showed no signs of such intrusion.*
Narration: *Even so, I had some hope that we might stand a chance by pushing our way boldly through the woods. But that thought was shattered by what Kazami Kazuki told me next.*
Kazuki: ...Take a look at this.
Narration: *She held out a compass we had used at the training camp for orienteering, one of our recreational activities.*
Narration: *The needle that should have always sought north was pointing to the northwest. And when she turned to face a different direction, it didn't move within the compass.*
Amane: ...Huh? What's going on...?
Kazuki: Well, to put it simply, the needle isn't working... meaning it's not functional as a compass.
Amane: ...No way... Why would...
Kazuki: Most likely deviation... Take a look at the walls around us.
Amane: ...The walls...?
Narration: *As I looked up in confusion at the rock face looming above us, she picked up a stone lying at her feet and again struck the wall sharply.*
Narration: *The sound it produced was a high-pitched clinking, like what you might expect from a hard metal surface.*
Kazuki: Some of the rock has vitrified. Most likely, it was rapidly cooled after momentary exposure to an extremely high temperature, rendering it amorphous.
Amane: ...I'm sorry... Your language is too technical. I don't understand...
Kazuki: It's similar to what you'd see after a volcano's lava cools, but the range is just too large... too small for it to be an air burst, though... Probably... a meteorite, I suppose?
Amane: Meteorite...? An actual meteorite?
Kazuki: Well, a micro-black hole impact... seems a bit unlikely, so―
Kazuki: I would think a small-scale meteorite exploded before reaching the surface of the earth, and a particularly large fragment fell here, perhaps?
Amane: And that's why the compass isn't functioning?
Kazuki: Entirely likely. The scattered fragments from its impact may have contained heavy minerals. Perhaps leaving a number of spots with a concentrated mass of magnetic material.
Kazuki: Under that theory, this unnatural terrain also makes sense... What do you think?
Amane: ...Uh... I don't really...
Narration: *If Kazami Kazuki thought so, it was probably the truth.*
Narration: *At the very least, I wasn't about to come up with any other possibilities.*
Kazuki: Well then, our immediate environment is composed of rock in which not even weeds can grow. The area is surrounded by walls structurally impossible to climb. Our path forward ends in an impenetrable jungle―
Kazuki: Our cell phones can't connect, and even our compass is of no use. A first-class "disaster." Things are getting interesting.
Amane: Interesting, you say...?
Kazuki: If I sounded callous, I apologize. However, I was thinking you might feel a little less anxious if you sensed some confidence in my words.
Amane: Thanks for your consideration, but... I think you should probably avoid talking like that in front of the other girls...
Kazuki: I suppose.
Narration: *Although she nodded, I didn't feel that she was convinced by my words.*
Narration: *Precisely because we were in such a bad situation, a confident leader who could pull off this sort of "all-knowing god" act would be ideal.*
Narration: *But she wasn't the leader of our group. By rank, our teacher was first, the team captain Sakashita was second, and vice-captain Okabe was third... or should have been...*
Narration: *But unfortunately, Okabe-senpai had died when the bus fell. Still, a first-year like Kazuki had very little say in the team's decisions.*
Kazuki: ...I wonder if Captain Sakashita would be so kind as to transfer her leadership position to me? I think it would be more efficient that way, as I wouldn't need to waste time on submitting reports over every little thing...
Amane: Hey, can I ask you something?
Kazuki: What is it?
Amane: Well, Captain Sakashita... mmm... well... ahh...
Kazuki: A question you're uncomfortable voicing?
Amane: That's not it... Uhm, do you... maybe have an idea of what I want to ask you?
Kazuki: ...Huh? What's this, all of a sudden...? Might you be mistaking me for God?
Amane: Well, you know, you gave me that "psych test" before, right?
Kazuki: Ah, that question? In other words, since Captain Sakashita said the teacher's treatment comes first, you're curious what sort of conclusions can be drawn from that as an answer to the test?
Amane: Yeah, exactly.
Kazuki: I think you have a rough idea even if I don't spell it out for you, don't you? Captain Sakashita is a highly dependent type.
Kazuki: Despite only feeling content when she's running the show, when she's faced with a decision that bears the weight of responsibility, she'll instantly look over her shoulder in search of help...
Kazuki: In other words, she wants to ask "I'll take control here, if that's acceptable, Mr. Ochi?" For that, she needs Mr. Ochi. Understand?
Amane: ...I think so.
Kazuki: I'm not saying that's wrong, mind you? She's a student, so it's actually perfectly natural.
Kazuki: But in her case, I doubt she's any different outside of school. I expect she pushes her father around at home. That sort of childish desire for superiority disgusts me.
Amane: ...Uhm...
Kazuki: Ah, I'm sorry. I got sidetracked onto a worthless topic, didn't I?
Narration: *As Kazami Kazuki apologized for "babbling," her expression was a cheerful one appropriate for her age.*
Narration: *―But that bright smile was frightening under the circumstances.*
Narration: *I felt sure of it: this person was "attached" to nothing. She grabbed hold of anything she thought she needed, and she cast aside anything that outlived its necessity.*
Narration: *Maybe that was just another part of being a genius.*
Narration: *As these thoughts ran through my head, Kazuki suddenly turned her back to me and mumbled a few words.*
Kazuki: That's not true.
Narration: *At that brief sentence, I felt a chill like cold fingers running down my spine.*
Amane: Wh-What's not...?
Kazuki: I think it's about time we returned. It would be unpleasant if they started thinking we'd made a run for it by ourselves.
Amane: Ah... okay...
Narration: *If you compare the human brain to an engine, Kazuki's must've been operating at a far higher RPM than ours.*
Narration: *She was constantly maintaining a speed of rotation that would quickly cause a normal person to "overheat."*
Narration: *I looked down at Kazuki's feet as she walked a few paces ahead of me. She was wearing the standard white sneakers specified by our school. Since the girl cast a shadow and didn't appear to be floating, apparently she wasn't a ghost or other supernatural apparition.*
Kazuki: ...Heheh...
Amane: What's so funny?
Kazuki: Ah, I'm sorry. I was imagining your thoughts at the moment, and found them very amusing.
Amane: I'm sure you would...
Kazuki: Don't sulk, please. Let me just say for the record: I'm not a ghost, and I'm not God taking human form in your dream either.
Amane: Aah... I hadn't thought of that...
Kazuki: Hm? Thought of what?
Amane: I was wondering if you might be some kind of spirit, but I hadn't thought that I might be the one dying... having a dream about an all-knowing savior...
Kazuki: Even if I hadn't said it, I expect you would've thought of it yourself within another ten minutes or so.
Amane: ...You're a weird girl...
Kazuki: I suppose so. My mother told me something similar when I was one and a half years old.
Amane: ...And you actually remember?
Kazuki: It's a joke.
Amane: Wait, what part of that is the joke?
Kazuki: It doesn't matter. Feel free to decide for yourself.
Narration: *I was actually understanding her less the longer we talked.*
Narration: *The one thing I did understand was that "Kazami Kazuki's jokes aren't funny in the slightest."*
Kazuki: To put it briefly, it's a bleak environment...
Narration: *Having returned to the site of the accident, Kazuki and I explained the situation to Captain Sakashita, showing her the compass and its non-functional needle.*
Narration: *She didn't stir from the rock she had been sitting on. When we finished our story, she sighed deeply, leaned forward to take her head in her hands, and answered with a brief "I understand." *
Kazuki: And how are the wounded?
Narration: *The captain's only response was to sluggishly raise one hand and point. In the direction she indicated, Koide Ritsu was examining the wounded while trying to hold back her tears. *
Kazuki: What do you think, Koide-san?
Ritsu: ...Mr. Ochi doesn't have any large external wounds... I think it's a light concussion. If we let him lie down for a while he'll probably regain consciousness...
Ritsu: Hirooka-san has fractured her left shin and her right knee... the bones didn't break the surface, but both are completely broken. She's conscious, but in a great deal of pain...
Ritsu: Sakurai-san has a laceration to her abdomen. At the moment of the accident, something sharp... From the wound, probably a shattered bottle or something... pierced her stomach... The bleeding is already beginning to slow...
Ritsu: Kaneda-san has a large cut on her forehead above her right eye. I think she probably hit it against something... The bleeding has stopped...
Kazuki: And?
Ritsu: And... what?
Kazuki: ...Huh? You really just examined them? Haven't you performed any treatment?
Ritsu: I can't! We don't have any tools! Even if we did, there's no way I could do anything!
Kazuki: It's simply a matter of returning the broken bones to their original position and fixing them there, and sewing together the lacerations.
Ritsu: I've never done that sort of thing! I'm telling you, I can't! If you think it's so simple, then you do it!
Kazuki: All right. Could you bring some water to a boil?
Ritsu: ...Huh?
Kazuki: We used a camp stove on the trip, remember? Please boil as much water as possible and make saline solution. If you can excavate the first-aid box and fishing tackle while you're at it, I'd appreciate it.
Ritsu: Ah... yes... g... got it...
Amane: ...Kazami-san, do you have experience treating broken bones?
Kazuki: None. All I have is knowledge I've gained from books. How about you?
Amane: ...None...
Kazuki: Well, that's only to be expected.
Amane: ...Are you going to be able to do this?
Kazuki: If there's someone with experience and confidence, I'll gladly let them take over. I wouldn't want people to think of me as a presumptuous job-stealing upstart.
Narration: *Kazuki turned around quickly to face the depressed group of girls, raised her right hand, and asked "Does anyone have medical experience?"*
Narration: *No one raised their hand in response. No one even met Kazuki's eyes.*
Kazuki: If no one has any experience, then it hardly matters who steps up, does it? Or would you rather conclude "it's their fault for getting injured" and leave them to their own devices?
Amane: ...That's over the top...
Kazuki: Personally, I think "I could've done something if I tried" is the worst of all regrets. Let's get started. First, Kaneda-san's head laceration.
Amane: ...Because you hate Kaneda-san?
Kazuki: Hm? Aah, no, it's because Kaneda-san has the most minor injury. If the more seriously injured die while you're examining those with minor wounds, you'll save the effort of a useless medical examination, you see?
Amane: ......
Kazuki: Oh my, why go silent there? I told a joke, so you have to laugh at least a little or I'll be embarrassed.
Amane: There's no way anyone's going to laugh at that... Just wondering, but do you have any friends?
Kazuki: Let's see. At present I suppose only you.
Amane: ......
Kazuki: As I was saying, why the silence?
Amane: Should I laugh?
Kazuki: I suppose so. And then I'll cry.
Amane: I'm sorry. I can't keep up with this conversation...
Narration: *Following Kazuki's instructions, everyone with the physical energy and willpower to move cooperated to retrieve the first-aid kit, camping equipment, and fishing tackle from the overturned bus.*
Narration: *Kazuki gathered the tools she thought would be useful, passed them to Koide Ritsu to be disinfected, and began examining the wounded while waiting for the water to come to a boil.*
Narration: *As promised, she looked at Kaneda Saaya and her head laceration first.*
Kazuki: Well? Are there any irregularities in your hearing? Any noticeable difference between what you hear from your left and right ear?
Kaneda: I don't think so...
Kazuki: I see. Next, please give me your right hand.
Narration: *Kaneda's wound had already been disinfected, sutured shut, and covered with a roll of bandage.*
Narration: *When Kazuki said she planned to use a fishing hook to stitch up the cut, I couldn't help raising doubts about whether such a procedure could be hygienic, but―*
Narration: *When she responded "Well, I suppose we could try sticking it together with superglue? I'm sure that would make for a much prettier result..." I decided I should probably keep my mouth shut.*
Narration: *After that, I did nothing but silently record Kazuki's words in the memo pad we were using as a makeshift medical record.*
Kazuki: Does this hurt?
Narration: *Kazuki took a firm grip on Kaneda's right hand and dug her nails firmly into her index finger.*
Kaneda: Oww! Of course it hurts!
Kazuki: Ah, I'm sorry. How about your left hand, then? Does it feel pain in the same way?
Kaneda: Owowow! Look, I said it hurts!
Narration: *It almost seemed like Kazuki was enjoying watching Kaneda squirm in pain. A question leaked out of my mouth. *
Amane: ...Hey, what exactly are you doing?
Kazuki: She struck her head, so I'm attempting to determine if there's any difference in the effectiveness of her sense organs or nervous system between the left and right side of her body.
Kazuki: I only noticed when I was sewing her wound, but her left eye is slightly esotropic, or "lazy." Her sphere of vision differs between her right and left eye.
Amane: ...Huh? I didn't even notice...
Narration: *I hurriedly add the word "esotropic" to the record in the notebook.*
Kazuki: You... uhm... I'm sorry, what was your name?
Kaneda: Kaneda... Kaneda Saaya...
Kazuki: Ah, that's right Kaneda Saaya... Saaya-san. That's a nice name.
Kaneda: ...You think so?
Kazuki: Yes. I'll have to remember it in case I ever decide to keep a pet dog.
Kaneda: ...Dog...?
Amane: Uhm, I'm sorry, that's just her attempt at a joke...
Kazuki: Oh? Why are you apologizing for me?
Amane: ...Because I'm your "friend," of course...
Kazuki: I'm happy to hear that. You're my first "best friend," you know?
Narration: *I didn't remember adding "best" to that phrase, but leaving that unsaid was probably the smart move here.*
Narration: *Well, I'd learned that much, so I must have been growing used to her... I guessed the word "friend" I had spoken just now wasn't entirely sarcastic.*
Kazuki: I'd like to smother you with hugs and kisses right away, but I need to finish examining Kaneda-san, so let's save it for after.
Amane: ...Please, take your time...
Kazuki: Well, where were we? Ah, right. Kaneda-san, were you ever physically abused as a child?
Kaneda: Never...
Kazuki: Ever dropped on the floor by your mother?
Kaneda: No.
Kazuki: Ever sexually assaulted by your father or a male sibling?
Kaneda: Absolutely not!
Kazuki: Then this accident is the cause of your squint. Don't worry, I think it will heal. All right, next!
Narration: *Kazuki continued her examinations along these lines, eventually working her way through all of the girls, even those with no apparent injury.*
Amane: ...Uhhhm... that girl was the last one. There were some people with bruises indicating light internal bleeding, but for the most part we've only got minor scrapes.
Kazuki: Hirooka-san is definitely the worst off... The tibia and fibula of her left leg are broken, and her right leg has a compound fracture of the distal femur...
Kazuki: Both were closed fractures, so there's no need to worry about bacterial infection, and I set the bones as best I could... but she needs to go to a hospital...
Amane: Sakurai-san's stomach was also pretty bad...
Kazuki: Ah... the wound itself was large, so it appeared very serious, but it wasn't deep enough to damage her internal organs. Now that it's sutured, she should be all right.
Kazuki: The biggest concern there is infection... If possible, she needs antibiotics administered at a hospital...
Kazuki: For the moment... please tell the captain that we've done what we can...
Amane: Huh? You want me to tell her?
Kazuki: Of course. Why do you think I made you tag along as I played doctor...?
Kazuki: Even using the same words to describe the same situation, people will receive them differently depending on who speaks them. I doubt that captain of ours will trust any report of mine...
Amane: Hmmm...
Narration: *Well, the last thing we needed was Kazuki's harsh tongue setting off a fight.*
Kazuki: ...You should ask the captain to "please explain the situation to Mr. Ochi." That ought to be enough of an achievement to keep her from going into a sulk and making a nuisance of herself.
Amane: ...There you go again. You really can't help yourself, can you...
Kazuki: I'm actually... holding back quite a bit, you know...? Haa... haa...
Amane: ...Kazami-san...?
Narration: *At that moment, I realized something for the first time:*
Narration: *Kazuki's face was flushed red, her breathing was rough, and she was sweating heavily.*
Amane: What's wrong...? You don't look so good...
Kazuki: ...It's my arm...
Narration: *Kazuki raised her left arm as she spoke, revealing it to be heavily swollen and purple.*
Amane: ...Huh? Wait a... What happened to this!?
Kazuki: ...It doesn't seem to be broken, but I believe there's a crack in the bone. A partial fracture, as they call them...
Amane: Your left arm... No way, isn't that what I stepped on in the bus...? Did I do this?
Kazuki: A seatbelt did it. Just before the accident, my arm was tangled in the strap, and the shock of the impact did the rest.
Kazuki: Even if we accept the hypothetical possibility that you trampling on it was the final straw, it's hardly your fault that the accident occurred and created such a situation, now is it...?
Amane: ...That's... true... but, if I hadn't kept sitting on top of you like that...
Kazuki: You're worrying too much. Say I did start ranting at you that "this is all your fault," could you lop off your own arm and hand it over?
Amane: ...Sorry... that's not even possible...
Kazuki: Then it's not worth troubling yourself over. I certainly don't intend to blame you.
Amane: ......
Kazuki: Don't get depressed. I'm really, truly not upset. Goodness. Should I have put things a little more gently?
Amane: ...Are you all right?
Kazuki: It hurts. But not bad enough to make me cry involuntarily, and I'm not quite childish enough as to start blubbering about it to distract myself from the pain.
Amane: ...I'm sorry...
Kazuki: ...Are you the type who can't calm down unless there's someone around to punish you? Very well then, let's say you owe me a debt for this left arm.
Amane: ...Debt...?
Kazuki: Yes. At a time of my choosing, you must obey whatever orders I give you. I'll forgive you if you promise me that.
Amane: You can just tell me now. I'll do what you want...
Kazuki: Not good enough. A debt is always more profitable when you postpone the collection. Remember that.
Amane: ......
Kazuki: Ah, don't worry too much. I don't intend to extort heavy interest payments from a friend.
Narration: *Kazuki's expression as she spoke those words was an artificially perfect smile, suggesting a kind of "maturity" well beyond her years.*
Narration: *As I watched her face, I felt sticky sweat seeping out of the back of my head. "Did I really just put myself at the mercy of a person like this...?"*
Narration: *―Our basketball team's advisor, Mr. Ochi Yoshihiko, regained consciousness thirty minutes later.*
Narration: *After hearing a brief summary of the situation from Captain Sakashita, Mr. Ochi called for all the surviving students and had us sit on the ground together.*
Captain: In the first place, what was the cause of the accident?
Narration: *Just as if we were still in the classroom, Captain Sakashita raised her right hand as she spoke.*
Narration: *At her nearly accusatory tone, our young teacher - and the driver of the bus - wrinkled his face into something very close to a scowl.*
Ochi: ...Don't know. I braked hard as soon as the wheel went out of control, but the thing just went right over the cliff... Probably a blowout.
Captain: Then what caused the blowout?
Ochi: How the hell would I know!? I just woke up minutes ago!
Captain: Please don't shout! Everyone's terrified! You need to stay calm or...!
Ochi: I know that!
Narration: *A worthless argument along these lines continued for a good ten minutes.*
Narration: *The situation being what it was, nobody tried to butt in or calm things down. We all sat there and waited for things to run their course.*
Narration: *Watching our teacher and captain bellowing at each other meaninglessly, a few girls began to cry from sheer anxiety. The captain seized on that fact as a new line of attack.*
Narration: *In that place filled with gloom and dominated by angry voices, Kazami Kazuki smiled brightly, drew her face close, and began to whisper in my ear.*
Kazuki: ...Good lord, even at a time like this all she can think of is getting someone else to take responsibility...? Surely assigning blame and identifying the "cause" can wait. Aren't there many more important things we should be discussing?
Narration: *True enough, but I couldn't understand what she expected to accomplish by murmuring this to me.*
Narration: *It wasn't like I had the ability to redirect the discussion. Complaining wasn't going to get us anywhere.*
Narration: *If anything, there was a good chance this might make the situation even worse.*
Captain: You two! What are you whispering about!?
Narration: *...See, I told you so. When you get spotted griping in the shadows, of course you're going to get told off.*
Amane: ...Uhm... well...
Narration: *As I hesitated, searching for some kind of excuse, Kazuki abruptly raised her right hand and asked for permission to speak.*
Kazuki: In regard to the cause of the blowout, I think it's likely that a sharp metal object of some sort fell from the bed of a truck carrying scrap, then lodged in the front wheel of our bus.
Captain: ...Do you have evidence of that?
Kazuki: Please take a look at the tire in question.
Narration: *As directed by Kazuki's words, everyone present turned to look at the tires of the overturned bus.*
Narration: *The front wheel on the right side was neatly torn around its circumference, cracked into two vertical halves.*
Kazuki: So... we drove over something; a sharp metal board, or something of the sort―
Kazuki: Perhaps it was dragged by the tire and caught in the frame of the vehicle, so that every time the tire rotated it was successively damaged. Finally culminating in a sudden burst...
Narration: *Watching Kazuki explain her theory with words and gestures, the majority of us felt the pieces falling into place. It made sense.*
Kazuki: Modern car tires are made so they won't rapidly lose air pressure from running over a nail, but if a piece of metal slowly tears it apart this is the inevitable result.
Kazuki: Furthermore, having unfortunately run over that object, we didn't crash through any fault of Mr. Ochi's. If we'd been on a straight road when the tire blew out, he would have brought us safely to a halt...
Kazuki: If you want to assign blame, the fact that the tire happened to blowout as we were rounding a curve... in other words, sheer bad luck... is most responsible for the accident.
Kazuki: Having met with this terrible luck, at the very least those of us gathered here are still alive - perhaps we should place our emphasis on how to preserve that silver lining of good fortune?
Captain: ...What can we possibly do in this situation...?
Kazuki: We can at least attempt to ward off despair, can't we? In other words, I think a positive dialogue in search of hope would be lovely right about now...
Narration: *"Rather than grieving over your poverty, fantasize about what you'll buy if you win the lottery. You'll sleep better at night."*
Narration: *That was Kazuki's argument in a nutshell. Although if she'd said it outright, it was obvious she would have angered the captain.*
Narration: *And so, at Kazuki's request, I took my notebook in one hand and repeated the details of our situation to the group.*
Narration: *We were surrounded by a dense sea of trees without so much as an animal trail running through it.*
Narration: *The cliffs hung over us like an overturned mortar bowl, making a climb back to the road impossible.*
Narration: *And our cell phones couldn't find a signal.*
Narration: *To escape alive, our only option was to walk away from the road and into the forest, but - probably because of a meteorite that fell nearby - there seemed to be dense deposits of metal scattered throughout the area...*
Narration: *And thanks to these pockets of concentrated magnetic material, our compasses would be of no use.*
Narration: *It seemed plausible that this strange "hole" with its overhanging walls had been gouged into the earth by the impact of that meteorite: the bare rock of the walls had turned to glass under the assault of momentary high temperature.*
Narration: *Even reading out this dry, factual summary of our situation from the notebook was enough to drain my spirits. Where, exactly, were we supposed to find hope in any of this?*
Captain: ...If it's that bad, rather than messing around and consuming our physical strength, we'd be better off calmly waiting for a rescue...
Amane: Yes... I think that's best as well.
Narration: *Although I wanted to escape this disturbing place as quickly as possible, there was no guarantee that any of us would return alive if we wandered off aimlessly now.*
Narration: *Continuing the investigation of our surroundings until a more certain path presented itself - while waiting for the arrival of a rescue - seemed the wiser choice by far.*
Narration: *I felt a wave of relief wash through my body at the captain's decision.*
Kazuki: Oh, I don't know about that.
Narration: *I looked behind me with a start.*
Narration: *Kazami Kazuki, the very person who'd shoved me onto this little stage, had spoken those words.*
Narration: *Kazuki, the very person who had told me to "explain things clearly and logically, so no one acts rashly," had disrupted the discussion just as we were beginning to reach a consensus.*
Narration: *I couldn't begin to understand why. I glanced at her face with an irrepressible frown.*
Captain: ...And what is that supposed to mean? Do you have a counter-argument?
Kazuki: I do. It's certainly true that we have no guarantee we will return alive if we wander off aimlessly. However, we also have no guarantee that we will be rescued if we simply wait.
Captain: I'm aware of that, thank you. I don't intend to wait here for the rest of my life. But don't you think marching off into the jungle without adequate investigation is suicide?
Kazuki: By what standard would you determine when your investigation is "adequate?" We don't have ample drinking water, let alone food. I don't think we have much time to sit around and plan things over.
Kazuki: In my humble opinion, we might as well get moving while our physical and mental state is still favorable.
Captain: ...Heh... With an opinion like that, you really should be humble. The mountains are a great deal harsher than amateurs like us tend to think. But if you dislike my decision, please feel free to head into the forest by yourself.
Kazuki: ...I said too much. Allow me to apologize...
Captain: Fine, as long as you've got the message...
Narration: *If it was unexpected to hear Kazuki raise an objection in the first place, it was just as surprising to see her withdraw her opinion so easily.*
Narration: *Still holding my silence, I asked Kazuki a question with my gaze.*
Narration: *"...What was that all about...?"*
Narration: *In response to my glance, Kazuki returned her own wordless answer with the movement of her eyes and a jerk of her chin.*
Narration: *"...Don't worry about it. Keep going..."*
Amane: Ah... uhhm, then our next priority should probably be establishing a base camp...
Amane: How about we begin by working on retrieving anything that might be useful from the overturned bus...?
Captain: Yes, that seems about right. Let's divide the work and begin at once. Is that acceptable, Mr. Ochi?
Ochi: Yeah, let's get started...
Narration: *After that, we were divided between a group collecting things from the bus, and a group responsible for sorting those items and preparing to erect our tents. We set about our work in silence.*
Narration: *I was assigned to the "collection team" because of my sturdy physique, which meant I was stuck with the job of crawling into the overturned bus and dragging out whatever luggage I could find.*
Narration: *The work itself wasn't that difficult in the physical sense. But inside the bus, the bodies of the two girls who had died instantly were still left untouched―*
Narration: *And every time I passed by, I couldn't help but see resentment in their faces. Chewing my lower lip, I forced out the willpower to go on. Although I wasn't conscious of it, the strain on my nerves built with every trip.*
Narration: *Finally, the dim interior of the bus was all but emptied of luggage, with the exception of the personal belongings of the dead.*
Narration: *Probably because I'd passed the corpses so many times now, I had grown somewhat used to their expressions of bitter regret... or maybe it would be more accurate to say that my emotions had been paralyzed...*
Narration: *And so, I joined my hands before the body of Shikanai Tsukasa, my senior by two years― And whispering "I'm sorry," pulled her luggage free.*
Kazuki: ...How goes it?
Amane: Uwaaaa!!!
Kazuki: Please don't scream all of a sudden. Now my ears hurt.
Amane: Ah... Ka-Kazami... san? You startled me... Don't just start talking to me all of a sudden!
Kazuki: Is there a way to begin talking to someone that isn't sudden?
Amane: ...What is it? You need something?
Kazuki: I had nothing better to do, so I came to help strip the bodies of their belongings.
Amane: ...Do you have to put it like that...?
Kazuki: It's not as if they can hear us.
Narration: *As she spoke, Kazuki gently closed Shikanai-senpai's eyelids.*
Kazuki: The other body?
Amane: Ah... uhm... over there, Ozawa-senpai, a second-year...
Kazuki: ...Ozawa... Aah, the one who'd been struggling to control her figure...
Amane: Why don't you just come out and say she was fat...?
Kazuki: If I said it like that, I'd hurt her feelings.
Amane: It's not like she can hear us.
Kazuki: Oh my, I do believe you're going to hell for that one!
Amane: This coming from you, of all people?
Kazuki: Me? I'm in church every Sunday morning.
Amane: ...Huh? Really...? Oh, I get it... Should I laugh now?
Kazuki: Too late. Leave fatty to me. You go ahead and take that luggage outside.
Amane: ...Fatty, she says...
Narration: *Kazuki was a truly elusive person. At times she reversed herself with dizzying speed. Had she seen that I was depressed, and turned to this black humor to make me smile?*
Amane: Ah, that reminds me...
Kazuki: Hm?
Amane: Why did you suddenly disagree with the captain just now...? That wasn't what we'd planned...
Kazuki: Aah... that. Did you see the captain's face back then?
Amane: What about it...?
Kazuki: She looked perfectly content as long as you were merely explaining our situation, but as soon as you began to direct the discussion her expression became extremely sullen...
Kazuki: Therefore, before she could develop some ridiculous need to resist our argument, I decided to provide my own opposition.
Kazuki: I knew that when I interjected, she would inevitably snap back at me. If I then allowed her to win the argument, her mood would improve for the moment.
Amane: So, that was all just...?
Kazuki: If I hadn't butted in at that point, I believe that down the line - say three days after our food supplies grow uncertain - she would've thrown in the towel and proposed an attempt at escape.
Kazuki: But, if she were to reverse her opinion now that she's pushed it over mine, it would become an admission that I was correct all along.
Narration: *The captain's obstinacy toward Kazuki had become a powerful reason for her to keep us where we were.*
Amane: You were thinking that far ahead...?
Kazuki: When you consider things from a long-term perspective, losing can sometimes be a profitable choice.
Kazuki: Although it may seem difficult to think even a moment ahead in a situation like this, try to act while imagining yourself ten days from now.
Amane: ...Sometimes... I feel like I'm suffocating when you're around...
Kazuki: Is that so? But then again, life is short, and you only get one try. It can't hurt to try getting to know a genius, can it?
Amane: Genius... is it...? Uh, you actually call yourself a genius?
Kazuki: Not that I like to hear it from others. As I'm sure you would dislike being called an "idiot," but nonetheless disparage yourself as "just an idiot" in order to put people off their guard...
Amane: ...But I really am an idiot...
Kazuki: No, you're not an idiot. True idiots are those who make enemies of geniuses.
Amane: ...We're "friends," if I remember correctly...?
Kazuki: But of course. I must say, I like how quick you are on the uptake.
Amane: ...Very kind of you...
Narration: *What the heck... geez... seriously...*
Narration: *"I must be something like a toy to her."*
Narration: *I did feel discomfort at the effortless control she had over me. But I'm sure Kazuki knew as well as I did that I wouldn't oppose her in the end.*
Narration: *That realization was irritating in its own right, but truthfully, by this point I'd gotten myself so aggravated that I felt like smiling instead.*
Narration: *Heaving a loud sigh of surrender, I turned my attention back to stripping the dead girl of her possessions.*
Narration: *It took an hour to retrieve all the camping gear and personal belongings from the overturned bus.*
Narration: *―But now we had to face a difficult question.*
Narration: *"What do we do about the two bodies still in the bus...?"*
Narration: *―That was the problem.*
Narration: *Somebody raised the idea of having everybody carry them out together... but considering the cramped interior of the bus, it would be impossible for all of us to participate.*
Narration: *Someone else suggested that we should leave them be, rather than clumsily dragging them around, but―*
Narration: *At Kazuki's words, "It's hot today, isn't it... how long does it take for a corpse to begin rotting, I wonder?" that idea was instantly abandoned.*
Narration: *Finally, everyone gathered there fell silent. Our pleading glances settled on the only man present, Mr. Ochi.*
Narration: *And after a few minutes, when he placed his hands on his knees and stood with the words "I'll do it...," every one of us breathed a sigh of pure relief.*
Narration: *Having entered the overturned bus alone, Mr. Ochi emerged with Shikanai's body cradled in his arms.*
Narration: *The only ones who witnessed that moment were Kazuki, Captain Sakashita, and me. The others cast their eyes to the ground or turned away, avoiding the sight of their acquaintance's corpse.*
Narration: *Probably because that sight was the distillation of a pitiless reality. To see that moment would have meant facing the truth they wanted so desperately to forget.*
Narration: *To be honest... when I was collecting luggage from the bus, I had placed a hand on Shikanai's body with the thought of carrying it outside.*
Narration: *Startled to learn exactly how cold a human body could become when its blood stopped flowing, I withdrew my hand instantly.*
Narration: *I hadn't felt this kind of shock when I touched my grandmother's body in the casket at her funeral.*
Narration: *Grandma's death, which I'd known would come "eventually," wasn't nearly that cold to the touch. Touching this girl's death, a death I couldn't view with composure or resignation, turned my spine to ice.*
Narration: *I didn't ever... want to feel that way. Ever again...*
Narration: *Watching the removal of the bodies in solemn silence, I reflexively brought my hands together and began to pray for the dead. From behind my back, I could hear whispering voices.*
Narration: *"That body... what do we do with it now...?"*
Narration: *"Bury it somewhere, I guess...?"*
Narration: *"Can we just do that? When we're rescued, won't her family be mad?"*
Narration: *"We can't assume help will arrive right away."*
Narration: *"...We can't just leave it like this..."*
Narration: *"It's summer, after all..."*
Narration: *Apparently sensing our anxiety, Mr. Ochi decided to bury the three bodies some ways away.*
Narration: *At the very least, it wouldn't do to leave them where we could see them.*
Narration: *Practically speaking, if we'd watched those corpses rot before our eyes, we would have put our mental health at risk.*
Narration: *In a situation like this one, panic is the greatest enemy.*
Narration: *For the same reason, we decided it would be best if none of us acted alone.*
Narration: *We paired off into units of two. To put things nicely, the idea was to establish a "dynamic of mutual support"―*
Narration: *But when you got to the heart of the matter, we were supposed to watch each other like hawks for signs of abnormal behavior. If one member of the pair caused a problem, both would be held responsible.*
Narration: *Well, I'd been 80% sure it would turn out this way from the moment I'd heard about the rule... Kazami Kazuki named me her partner, the look on her face saying it was the most natural thing in the world.*
Kazuki: ...Well, that's that. My best regards once again.
Narration: *As she spoke, Kazuki moved to show me her left arm, now wrapped in a sling.*
Narration: *Her meaning was clear enough: "My arm was disabled thanks to you. So it's only natural that you pick up the slack for me, right?"*
Narration: *I didn't have any objection to acting as a unit with Kazuki. Judging from her words and actions so far, she was intelligent and knowledgeable. If I followed her lead, things shouldn't go wrong.*
Narration: *Even so, I couldn't quite repress my feelings - something like dissatisfaction, or maybe confusion? Above all, I was tired of dancing so obediently on her strings.*
Amane: ...If you have a reason for choosing me other than a desire to bully me, could you tell me what it is?
Kazuki: I chose you so I could bully you. If you have complaints, I'll listen. Not that I'll respond to them in any way.
Amane: What's the point of complaining, then...?
Kazuki: It'll help with your stress. If you want to live a long life, you shouldn't bury your resentment away. All the more so in a situation like this.
Amane: Oh, that a fact...
Kazuki: Any other questions?
Amane: Is teasing me really that much fun?
Kazuki: How odd. Why are you asking a question when you don't want to hear the answer? Are you the type who needs it put into words to get a thrill? This is a little hard to say, so I'll put it gently: you're a born masochist.
Amane: ...I really shouldn't have asked...
Kazuki: Don't worry, I happen to be a born sadist. I'm positive we'll get along.
Narration: *With those words, Kazuki held out her uninjured right arm toward me.*
Narration: *Unable to immediately understand the meaning of her gesture, I stared blankly back into her face.*
Kazuki: You have to put out your hand, too. I can't shake hands by myself.
Amane: Ah, I see... A handshake. I'm amazed you'd think of something so commonplace, Kazami-san.
Kazuki: You can call me "Kazuki-san." Mind if I call you "Amane-chan" in return?
Amane: ...Huh? Ah, okay...
Kazuki: Well then, best regards yet again, Amane-chan.
Amane: Yes, my best regards to you as well, "Kazuki-chan."
Narration: *I gripped Kazuki's outstretched hand with as much force as I could muster.*
Narration: *Her hand was so small... it felt like I could quite literally crush it if I squeezed hard enough.*
Narration: *And yet even then, when all I could see ahead of us was uncertainty and danger, I had the feeling that small hand would save me.*
Captain: We'll now distribute food and tents!
Narration: *Striding her way to an unsteady foothold above us, the captain shouted in a voice that resounded off the walls of rock.*
Narration: *At her feet, the food and camping equipment we had dragged out of the bus were piled in a heap.*
Captain: Two people per tent, one sleeping bag per person! We're distributing three days' worth of food for the moment! It can't be called an adequate amount, but everyone try to ration yourselves! Make it last the entire three days!
Narration: *In the dark cloud of bad luck that was our bus accident, our meager silver lining of good fortune was that we had been returning from a camping trip.*
Narration: *Among the luggage we'd collected from the bus, there was a variety of camping equipment, as well as leftover ingredients from the meal we'd made the day before.*
Narration: *There were four tents designed for three occupants, and one large tent made for six.*
Narration: *Kazuki and I took one of the smaller tents, two sleeping bags, and a mat for both of us. Our rations for the three-day period were distributed to us in a garbage bag.*
Captain: It's currently 5:14 PM! Please finish constructing your tents by 6:00, and eat your dinner by 6:30!
Captain: After that is free time, but don't take any arbitrary actions and inconvenience those around you! Understood!?
Narration: *As she spoke, the captain glanced briefly around the group, then brought her gaze to a halt on Kazuki, who was standing at my side. That last "understood" was probably directed at her in particular.*
Narration: *Did she not notice Captain Sakashita's hostile attitude? Did she notice and play dumb on purpose? Whatever the case―*
Kazuki: Okaaa～y.♪
Narration: *Kazuki answered in a high-pitched, girly tone that seemed to originate from her nose.*
Captain: ...Hmph...
Kazuki: ...Goodness, what's she so grumpy about?
Amane: ...Kazami-san, what was with that voice just now? Gross...
Kazuki: Geez... are you piling on me too? I don't particularly care what a girl I hate thinks of me, but if even you talk like that, my feelings will get hurt like anyone else's.
Amane: ...Huh? Ah... I'm sorry...
Kazuki: Well then, as punishment, would you set up our tent?
Amane: Ah, yeah... I was going to do that anyway...
Kazuki: In exchange, I'll get dinner ready. Although I've never done anything of the sort before.
Amane: ...Huh?
Kazuki: ...Hmmm... our ingredients are carrots, potatoes, and onions... This has to be leftovers from the curry yesterday, right? There's some powder, too, but... not very much. What to do?
Amane: Hold on a second! Those ingredients are precious! Can you really handle this!?
Kazuki: Well, cooking is basically just boiling, baking, or steaming, right? I'm sure it won't be a problem.
Amane: No! That's really okay! I'll do it! Leave that to me!
Kazuki: But... you're putting up the tent...
Amane: It's fine. My home's a restaurant, so cooking is one thing I actually have some confidence in.
Kazuki: Really? But I feel a little bad, having you do all the work.
Amane: Okay. Once I get the tent up, shall we cook together? Can you help me out with that?
Kazuki: Aah, that sounds nice. Kind of feels like a "close friend" thing.
Amane: Right?
Kazuki: By the way, can you cook without using salt?
Amane: Huh? Wait... what does that mean?
Kazuki: It means exactly what it sounds like.
Amane: But there is some salt in here, look...
Kazuki: I'm saying that I want to avoid using that as much as possible. Can you do it?
Amane: Well... I guess it's possible, but... if there's no salt, it won't taste much good, you know?
Kazuki: Let's just put up with that. Okay?
Amane: ...If you say so...
Narration: *After erecting our tent, I gave saltless cooking a try as Kazuki requested―*
Narration: *Cooking the onions in a frypan, I mixed them with smashed steamed potatoes and flavored the mix with pepper, then molded it into an oval and baked it in butter... pretty much making it up as I went along...*
Narration: *What would you even call this thing? A potatoburger? A croquette without meat or sauce? Anyway, kind of an unorthodox result...*
Narration: *Although I was frankly a little wary myself, it was pretty good when I actually ate it, and Kazuki also happily praised the taste.*
Narration: *By some mysterious psychological process, I found that Kazuki's praise motivated me to try hard next time as well.*
Narration: *Ridiculous as it may sound, I'm fairly sure I was beginning to genuinely like this girl named Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *―When the sun set, the sultry heat and humidity of the day vanished quickly, giving way to a chilly night.*
Narration: *Nonetheless, I hadn't entered my tent yet. My agitation from this overwhelming barrage of events hadn't yet cooled, so I wasn't exactly sleepy―*
Narration: *And I think I may have still been slightly resistant to the idea of entering that tent alone with Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *When I looked up, there was a slight sliver of moonlight working its way to us through a gap in the treetops. Amidst the darkness at the bottom of the ravine, I could just make out the domed shapes of our tents here and there.*
Narration: *The only one in which a light was burning was the largest tent.*
Narration: *That six-person tent was occupied by our advisor Mr. Ochi, along with the wounded Hirooka-san and Sakurai-san.*
Narration: *The dim light of a lantern projected the movements of the inhabitants as shadows on the wall, and an agonized moaning leaked from inside. It was a voice like that of a damned soul crawling through hell.*
Narration: *Probably Hirooka-san and her fractured legs.*
Narration: *When Kazuki went to check on her after dinner, Hirooka-san had been bathed in greasy sweat. The entire time we were there, she kept up a low, groaning cry, never managing coherent speech.*
Narration: *The fractures had given rise to an agonizing fever. She had no method of coping with her suffering except to scream and moan.*
Narration: *Knowing that we had to get her to a hospital as soon as possible, I also knew that we had been placed in circumstances where we could do nothing but wait for help. Frustrated impatience boiled up inside me.*
Narration: *The food distributed to us by the captain's orders was to last three days.*
Narration: *Which meant that, at the very least, she intended to have us spend three days here.*
Narration: *But what was to come after that?*
Narration: *What happened if three days passed, and no one arrived to save us...?*
Narration: *As worsening tremors of anxiety crawled their way up my spine, I shivered for reasons unrelated to the temperature of my body.*
Narration: *Our bus had fallen. Some of us had already died. But even so, something in the core of my mind seemed to be anesthetized against that truth. None of it felt fully real.*
Narration: *That sense of numbness was what frightened me the most.*
Narration: *What should we do? How do we survive this?*
Narration: *No matter how frantically I tried to find answers, my mind was paralyzed, dominated by a single thought: "We can't do anything. What will be will be."*
Narration: *As if rejecting the hopeless situation it had found itself in, my brain was simply refusing to think.*
Narration: *That refusal of reality may have been a common phenomenon among us that night. From some other tent in the area, I heard the incongruous sound of brightly laughing voices.*
Narration: *That laughter grated badly on my nerves. I couldn't help but turn my head toward the sound in irritation. Perhaps Kazuki, sitting next to me, felt the same way.*
Narration: *As she likewise turned her gaze toward the laughter, there was a scowl on her face.*
Amane: ...Hey... Kazami-san...
Kazuki: Kazuki is fine. I think I told you that already, didn't I?
Amane: ...Uhm... Ka-Kazuki...
Kazuki: Yes, Amane?
Amane: What are you... thinking about right now...?
Kazuki: Nothing in particular. I was just reading a book.
Amane: ...A book...?
Narration: *There was nothing in Kazuki's hands.*
Narration: *Even if there had somehow been a book there, it would've been impossible to read in the darkness.*
Kazuki: ...Did I not mention this to you yet? If I see the contents of a book, I can store them in my memory as an image. It's a simple matter of consciously interpreting the characters later on. I can read whenever I please.
Amane: ...Huh? Sorry, I don't get it... What are you saying?
Kazuki: Well, imagine it as a camera taking pictures of the pages of an open book. Later, you can read the contents from those photographs... That's simple enough, yes?
Kazuki: I have 144 unread books in my head at present. I was just working on one now.
Amane: ......
Narration: *What the heck was I supposed to say to that...?*
Narration: *Could the "geniuses" of the world all do things like this?*
Narration: *No... that was the wrong way to look at it. It's probably precisely when you can do something so utterly removed from the capabilities of other people that you deserve to be called a genius.*
Narration: *I was confident there was simply no way I could ever pull off something like that, no matter how well she explained it to me.*
Amane: ...What kind of book are you reading?
Kazuki: A fiction novel, in which fifteen students of mixed gender are trapped in a school that's been destroyed by an earthquake.
Amane: Hmm...
Kazuki: The setting of student survivors in a closed space was similar to our current situation, so I started reading in hope it might be of reference, but... unfortunately, no good. I didn't gain any particularly useful information.
Narration: *On the point of asking about the ending of that novel, I abruptly clamped my mouth shut.*
Narration: *Even without asking, I had a rough idea. Most likely, the students in that story were wiped out. That was probably the exact reason Kazuki had vaguely described it as "not particularly useful."*
Narration: *Kazuki turned her face to me with a sleepy expression (admittedly, her default state), stifled a small yawn, and mumbled "...It'll be 10 soon..." without a glance at any clock or watch.*
Kazuki: ...We don't have anything to do. Shall we sleep?
Amane: Ah... yeah...
Narration: *It was certainly true that staying up any later wasn't going to accomplish anything―*
Narration: *And just being awake with nothing to do would invite unproductive, depressing thoughts. I understood that, but... I simply wasn't sleepy.*
Narration: *Indifferent to my minor dilemma, Kazuki stood up immediately and opened the zipper dividing the entrance to our tent.*
Amane: ...Hey, Kazuki...
Kazuki: Yes?
Amane: Aren't you scared...?
Kazuki: Ah, that's a good question. I'd actually been holding on to an answer to this one for a while now. Feel like hearing it?
Amane: ...Yes...
Kazuki: The bus meeting an accident, forming a pair with you, and you asking me this question at this moment: all of this was within the scope of my predictions.
Amane: ...Huh?
Kazuki: What do you think? I thought it sounded pretty impressive and genius-like, personally...
Amane: ...Uhm... I was kind of intending that as a serious question, you know...
Kazuki: Precisely why I answered seriously. Let's sleep. I expect tomorrow will be a busy day in its own right.
Narration: *With those words, Kazuki dropped to all fours and began to burrow her way into the tent like a bear returning to its den.*
Narration: *In a blank daze, I watched Kazuki's round butt wriggling under her skirt as she disappeared inside. I found myself alone, trying and failing to process the meaning of her words.*
Amane: ...I think... that just brought out all the fatigue...
Narration: *Confronted with the reality of Kazami Kazuki, a girl who looked at first as if she wasn't thinking at all... A girl who kept her thoughts completely unreadable―*
Narration: *I found myself feeling ridiculous in comparison. The way I drowned myself in anxious worrying. The way I worked myself into a panic over things I had no control over.*
Narration: *Left alone in that dark and silent place, I strained my ears. Hirooka-san's moans, which ate into the heart of the listener, and the voices of laughter, with their grating denial of our danger: both had stopped for now.*
Narration: *The occasional rustling of trees in the wind and the voices of insects were the only sounds left to echo against the walls of rock.*

Narration: *―The second day in the valley.*
Narration: *That morning, I awoke to the eerie song of distant birds.*
Narration: *I had burrowed into my sleeping bag and closed my eyes fully expecting to lie awake all night, but evidently I must have dozed off at some point.*
Narration: *When I forced open my unexpectedly heavy eyelids, I found the interior of our cheap blue tent illuminated by a slanting ray of morning sun.*
Narration: *Thankfully, the temperature had risen with the dawn.*
Narration: *I must have slept for a least a few hours, but the burden of my fatigue was no lighter. If anything, I felt even more exhausted than I had been the night before.*
Narration: *Still wrapped in my sleeping bag, I turned sideways on top of my thin silver mat. Twisting my head toward the other side of the tent, I was surprised to find my "roommate" missing.*
Narration: *"...Kazuki...?"*
Narration: *Where could she have wandered off to?*
Narration: *The mat and sleeping bag Kazuki had been using sat on the ground next to me, neatly tied together in a tight roll.*
Narration: *From the look of things, it was unlikely she'd just stepped out to use the "bathroom." Kazuki was clearly already awake and taking action.*
Narration: *I crawled outside the tent into a clear-skied but dim morning.*
Narration: *The sheer cliffs to our right and left intercepted most of the sun's light; what little reached us filtered down through gaps in the thick vegetation far above. No doubt the same reason it felt oddly chilly for a summer day.*
Narration: *Others had already emerged from their tents into the gloomy dawn. Here and there, they sat quietly on the hard stone ground.*
Narration: *In addition to the trauma and mental exhaustion of the previous day, we'd slept in an unfamiliar environment. Not the best way to get rested and refreshed. Most had barely slept at all, judging from the dark circles under their eyes.*
Amane: ...Hey... have you seen Kazuki?
Narration: *I called out to a freshman from the neighboring tent, Ibuki Haruna, seated some three meters away.*
Narration: *Ibuki brushed her long bangs out of her eyes with her fingers and responded listlessly.*
Ibuki: ...Kazuki...? Oh... you mean Kazami-san? She headed off toward the forest carrying a shovel... Maybe she's relieving herself?
Amane: ...Oh...
Narration: *I turned toward the valley's lone exit, the tangle of vegetation we called a "forest," but Kazuki was nowhere in sight.*
Narration: *I did, however, happen to notice someone acting rather oddly a little way off.*
Amane: ...Hey, what's she doing over there?
Ibuki: ...Who knows?
Narration: *It was Sakuma Minori, a third-year senior.*
Narration: *She was a talented athlete, particularly skilled at sinking three-pointers, who'd earned the title of "scoring queen" in our team. At the moment, she was repeatedly hurling a small object straight up into the air.*
Ibuki: ...If you're that curious, why don't you go ask yourself? I really don't want to deal with her crap...
Narration: *Ibuki didn't bother to lower her voice. She didn't seem to care whether her frank words might reach the ears of our senior.*
Narration: *As the result of last night's discussion, she'd been paired with that very Sakuma-senpai, and was stuck sharing a tent with her for the duration of our stay here.*
Narration: *The combination seemed logical enough, since Ibuki and Sakuma had been sharing a room as boarder students. But room assignments in the dorm were arbitrary, arranged for the convenience of the school―*
Narration: *As in most boarding schools, the freshmen tended to moan about running chores for their arrogant older roommates, while seniors complained about being expected to clean up after some clueless brat.*
Narration: *If you're stuck living in the same room for an extended period of time, the reasonable thing would be to deal with your differences and find a way to get along. But it seems things aren't that simple, particularly for girls...*
Narration: *And the roomates who disliked each other most tended to be exactly the ones who were kept together when rooms were re-assigned the next year. It wasn't just coincidence, either.*
Narration: *From what I'd heard, our school deliberately tried to create awkward combinations as a sneaky way of maintaining discipline.*
Narration: *Letting friends clump together naturally leads to cliques and group attempts to skirt the rules...*
Narration: *In turn, this can create sharp divisions between those who want peace and quiet in the dorm and those who want to enjoy themselves. Sometimes these would end in nasty squabbles.*
Narration: *In other words, the mixing of oil-and-water personalities in individual rooms prevented larger-scale problems. Or so I'd heard. As someone who commuted to school, it was a bit hard for me to understand dorm politics.*
Amane: ...Sakuma-senpai? What have you been doing for the last few minutes?
Sakuma: Oh, if it ain't Amane. Nothin' much. Take a look at this.
Narration: *Sakuma held out the small object she'd been hurling repeatedly into the sky.*
Narration: *Specifically, it was her cell phone.*
Narration: *She'd been repeating a simple pattern of action: Throwing it straight up with all her might, retrieving it on the way back down, then throwing it right back up again.*
Narration: *On closer examination, the body of the phone was battered and covered in fine cracks. She'd probably dropped it numerous times by now.*
Sakuma: I had this idea last night right before I fell asleep, y'know? If I throw the phone into the sky while trying to send a message, it just might pick up a signal and get us some help. That was the thought, at least.
Sakuma: I've been trying it out all morning... There we go!
Narration: *With a fluid overhand motion, Sakuma launched the cell phone into the sky once again.*
Amane: Hey, that's actually a really clever idea!
Sakuma: I know, right? I thought so too, but... whoops...
Narration: *Skillfully catching the cell phone as it plunged back to earth, she flipped on the screen and checked the status of the transmission.*
Sakuma: ...Another failure, huh...? I've thrown it up a good 50 times by now, but it hasn't worked even once... I guess Kazami must've been right after all...
Amane: ...Kazuki...? What did she say?
Sakuma: We're in a remote area with crappy reception to start out with. Even on the off-chance I manage to throw it just barely into range, it's not gonna do any good if it falls back down before it can send any data... or so she told me...
Amane: Then why not toss the phone on top of a cliff, so it can't fall back down?
Sakuma: Yeah, I thought of that as well. I've been trying to get it on top of that cliff for a while now... but I can't get it up that far.
Amane: Aah...
Narration: *Although I couldn't tell the exact height of the cliff she was aiming for, a conservative estimate would be 50 meters―*
Narration: *And since the walls sloped over us, some fairly precise aim would be required to land it on top.*
Sakuma: Kazami said we could try to think up some clever idea to get it up there, but... she also pointed out there's no guarantee the top of the cliff will be in range either...
Amane: ...I suppose not...
Narration: *I'd hit on the idea of making a crude sling out of a towel or something to throw the phone over the cliff, but it was true enough: there was no evidence we'd be accomplishing anything even if it worked.*
Narration: *If there wasn't any signal up there, either, we'd end up throwing away a valuable potential means of communication for nothing.*
Narration: *And yet, Sakuma was keeping at her task relentlessly. Probably mostly for the sake of having something to do. She seemed to know full well that it was essentially hopeless. *
Amane: So, by the way... uhm, have you seen Kazuki recently?
Sakuma: Hm? Kazami wandered off into the forest with this big old shovel a while ago. Maybe 30 minutes now? If she's doing her business out there, she's sure taking her time.
Amane: ...I think I'm going to go check up on her.
Sakuma: Better be careful if you do. I went into the forest a little while ago myself, but there's no trail or anything. No real landmarks, either... It's just a sea of trees, so it's incredibly easy to get lost.
Sakuma: Make sure to leave very clear signs to mark your path, all right?
Amane: Yes, I understand. I'll be careful...
Narration: *It'd already been half an hour since Kazuki entered the forest...? Definitely way too long for a bathroom break.*
Narration: *It was hard to imagine Kazami Kazuki, of all people, making such a careless blunder... but there was a possibility she'd lost her bearings and wandered in the wrong direction.*
Narration: *I cautiously made my way into the forest, using the blade of a can opener to mark tree trunks with arrows as I went.*
Amane: ...Kaaazukiii...!
Narration: *I tried shouting her name, but there was no reply.*
Narration: *I studied the ground at my feet. Although trampled vegetation made it clear that some of us had been in this area recently, the trails were indistinct. Not that I could tell which belonged to Kazuki in the first place.*
Narration: *When I glanced behind me, I found the route I'd trampled through the high grass was still very clear by comparison. Surprisingly, however, it was a meandering zig-zag; probably the result of constantly winding my way around trees.*
Narration: *"I thought I was walking perfectly straight, too..."*
Narration: *This is what makes the wilderness a truly terrifying place.*
Narration: *I'd thought I had a pretty good sense of the dangers of wild mountains from books and comics. But now that I was actually experiencing one, I was quickly coming to realize how badly mistaken I'd been.*
Narration: *I'd gone in believing that getting lost in the woods would generally work out for the best, so long as you reacted appropriately. That naive thought dissolved in mere minutes inside the "jungle."*
Narration: *In an environment utterly barren of any trace of other human beings, your sense of isolation quickly builds into anxiety. It becomes easy to rush into action based on unfounded, optimistic assumptions.*
Narration: *It's "got" to be this way. It was "probably" over there. Shying away from acknowledging the worst-case scenario, running around on your intuition alone, you become truly and hopelessly lost.*
Narration: *In time, your anxiety reaches a new stage: "Am I simply wasting my energy wandering around in circles?" An even worse fear, because it's paralyzing. You're frozen where you stand, trapped with your own slowly escalating terror.*
Narration: *And eventually, the fear of death creeps up on you, breaking your courage and robbing you of reason. In the end, just such an outcome is entirely likely.*
Amane: ...Kazukiiii...! Where are you!?
Narration: *It hadn't been ten minutes since I entered the forest, and I could already feel myself trembling. I'd begun to sink into the first stage, powerful anxiety at my own isolation. I screamed Kazuki's name for the second time, a little louder than before.*
Amane: ...What should I do...?
Narration: *"Maybe it would be smarter to return for now, while I still know the way back... then launch an organized search with someone else."*
Narration: *But just as these thoughts were running through my head, I heard the rustling sound of someone stepping their way through the high grass a few paces behind me.*
Narration: *My body went stiff with shock. I spun around to find that Kazami Kazuki had materialized out of nowhere, the usual vaguely sleepy expression on her face.*
Kazuki: ...Kindly refrain from shouting my name so loudly. It'd be quite the hassle if I ended up getting mobbed by my adoring fans.
Amane: Kazuki...!
Kazuki: Yes, that's correct. The one and only Kazami Kazuki. If you're after an autograph, please send a self-addressed stamped envelope to my manager's office.
Amane: ...Huh? What? A self-addressed envelope...?
Kazuki: ...Uh... look, that's the part where you say "Since when were you an idol!?" or something... otherwise, the gag's going to fall rather flat.
Amane: Ah... right... sorry...
Kazuki: That's all right, I suppose. Can't say I was particularly proud of the joke myself.
Amane: Kazuki... where did you run off to?
Kazuki: The bathroom, so to speak. But it seems I can't even sit back and relieve myself these days without being hounded. Very much an idol's dilemma, don't you think? Hence the joke...
Amane: That was a pretty long bathroom break... You were at it for 30 whole minutes?
Kazuki: Since I was out here anyway, I took the opportunity to gather some plants that looked vaguely edible. See?
Narration: *Kazuki held out some small, unfamiliar vegetables. They seemed to be immature shoots of some leafy plant.*
Kazuki: I was searching in the hope there might be mountain herbs or something similar growing... but this was the most I could find.
Amane: What is that stuff? Can you really eat it?
Kazuki: Ostrich fern sprouts... They're technically edible raw, but boiling them would probably be wiser.
Amane: No kidding... First time I've seen these. Not that they look particularly tasty...
Kazuki: Since there's very little in the way of food, the woods are of course quite unable to support significant animal life. One does hear birdsong, but they keep themselves well-concealed.
Kazuki: On the bright side, I suppose we don't have to worry about being attacked by bears, but there's no getting around the fact we've found ourselves in a spectacularly inhospitable environment.
Kazuki: In any case, let's make do with these for our breakfast. I'll leave the cooking to you, but try to use as little seasoning as possible.
Amane: Uh, we've still got potatoes and carrots left, you know...?
Kazuki: We need to try to conserve ingredients with a longer shelf life as much as possible. There's no guarantee we'll be able to escape this place within three days, after all.
Amane: Oh... Yeah, I guess you're right...
Kazuki: No reason to take it so hard. We're certainly in a desperate situation, but that doesn't mean we're doomed.
Amane: Will we... get out of this?
Kazuki: Who knows? Not to dodge the question, but even I don't know that yet.
Amane: Does a path to survival... even exist?
Kazuki: Yes, it does.
Amane: What!? What is it!?
Kazuki: ............
Amane: ...Huh? ...What? There really is a way out, right...?
Kazuki: There is, yes... but that's a road we can't travel yet...
Amane: We can't...? What does that mean...?
Kazuki: It means we can't yet put the idea into practice. We wouldn't be able to. Not as we are now.
Amane: Sorry... I'm an idiot, so I don't really get it... What do you mean, we can't do it "now?" Like, it'll become possible after enough time passes?
Kazuki: That's exactly right. And of course, there's still a possibility help will arrive... For the moment, we can only sit still and hold out as best we can.
Amane: Hey, what kind of an idea is it? Give me a hint, at least...
Kazuki: Pop quiz. What do people need to survive?
Amane: ...Uhm... water, for one thing...
Kazuki: Ah... that's right, I forgot to mention that. When I was picking edible grasses earlier, I found a small mountain spring.
Kazuki: In other words, no need to worry about our supply of drinking water.
Amane: Oh... Water, huh...?
Kazuki: Hardly something to be so disappointed about. Given a steady supply of water, human beings can generally hold out a week or so, even with precious little else. Can you report it to the captain as your discovery?
Amane: Sure, I guess...
Kazuki: All right then. Shall we head back?
Amane: Ah, hold on! I didn't hear the answer to your hint! What do people need to survive?
Kazuki: I was referring to food.
Amane: ...Food...? That's the key to getting out of this alive?
Kazuki: That's correct. And therefore, we need to eat as lightly as possible.
Amane: ...If we make our food last... we'll all get out alive?
Kazuki: I never said "everyone" would survive.
Amane: ...Huh?
Kazuki: Let's head back already. If we're away for too long, everyone will get worried.
Amane: Ah! Hey... Kazuki!?
Kazuki: It's quite all right. I remember the way back perfectly. Just follow me.
Amane: Hold on just one minute!
Kazuki: Wowwie. That's an awfully angry look on your face. What's gotten your knickers in a twist?
Amane: "Wowwie" yourself! Not everyone will survive!? What's that supposed to mean!?
Kazuki: I was simply acknowledging an unfortunate possibility. If help arrives relatively early on, we will of course emerge from this with no further casualties.
Amane: ...Then... what if they don't come?
Kazuki: That's a bridge to cross when we come to it. The rescue teams should keep up their search for at least five days. Perhaps as long as two weeks.
Kazuki: If a week passes without help arriving, we can think the matter over at greater length. As a group.
Amane: ...Okay...
Kazuki: No need to be so anxious. In all likelihood, you're going to survive.
Amane: ...Why do you say that?
Kazuki: Do you really need to ask? Because I chose you as my partner.
Amane: ...Are you serious?
Kazuki: Perfectly serious, of course. Well then, is the question and answer session finished now?
Amane: Uh... yeah...
Kazuki: Very well. Let's be on our way.
Amane: Ah...! Hey! Don't just march off all of a sudden!
Kazuki: What a troublesome young lady... If you're anxious and want to hold hands, just say so straight out.
Amane: ...That's... not really what I...
Kazuki: Oh, is that so? I was just about to offer you my hand, but I guess that won't be necessary.
Amane: ...I'll take you up on that...
Kazuki: I'm sorry? Your voice was raaather indistinct there.
Amane: I want to hold hands! Please hold my hand, Kazuki-sama!
Kazuki: That's a good girl. C'mere, Amane-chan.
Amane: ...Geez... From now on, don't just wander off by yourself without a word. I was worried, you know?
Kazuki: You were? About me?
Amane: Well, yeah... Probably a little presumptuous for the likes of me to be worried about you...
Kazuki: No, that's not what I meant... If anything, I suppose I was rather surprised by the idea of someone feeling concern for me...
Kazuki: But yes, you're right... I do apologize. Don't make that face, all right? You look like a child abandoned by its mother. Not to worry. I won't go off anywhere and leave you behind.
Amane: ...You promise...?
Kazuki: Yes, I promise. Come, shall we return?
Amane: Okay...
Narration: *Since I was physically sturdy, I was usually the one being relied on by others. But at that moment, I realized I'd grown totally dependent on that diminutive girl, Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *I wasn't used to leaning on others like a crutch. Clinging to someone usually made me feel more awkward than anything else. But that day, the distinct warmth of Kazuki's small hand was very reassuring.*
Kazuki: ...You've got cold hands, Amane...
Amane: Ah... sorry...
Kazuki: That's quite all right. They remind me of my mother's in that respect...
Amane: Please, do feel free to call me "Mommy."
Kazuki: ...Oh my. You've learned to give back a little...
Amane: Ahaha.
Narration: *―Kazuki guided me by the hand back out of the forest. When we returned to the camp, we found everyone gathered in front of the tents, discussing plans for the future and proposing escape strategies.*
Narration: *Of course, we were students from a school for rich "young ladies," with only the superficial appearance of maturity. Producing a perfect smile for a polite "good day" was the extent of the practical, non-academic knowledge we'd gained there.*
Narration: *As such experience wasn't exactly of much use here, the majority of the ideas were unrealistic, founded on the assumption the world would arrange itself for our convenience.*
Narration: *If anything, it could be called good fortune that a few halfway decent-sounding thoughts were mixed in― for example, Sakuma's "throwing a cell phone into the sky."*
Narration: *However, the majority of these more worthwhile plans had already been tried out by the person who brought them up, all with little success.*
Narration: *In this life and death situation, everyone tossed out any idea that popped into their head, grasping at straws in a desperate search for hope―*
Narration: *But when someone proposed we capture a bird and wrap a letter around its leg asking for help, Captain Sakashita finally lost her temper at the sheer absurdity.*
Captain: Look, people, are you even taking this seriously!?
Ibuki: Don't say that... We're all thinking as hard as we can...
Captain: And this is the best you can do!? Even a grade schooler would have more common sense! What, do you really intend to waste even more of our time fantasizing about how we might capture some wayward messenger pigeon!?
Ibuki: You don't have to put it like that... right...?
Sakuma: ...Well, Captain Sakashita might have us beat on the desperation front, if nothing else...
Kaneda: If she has any better ideas, why doesn't she go ahead and share them...?
Narration: *The stage whispers of her critics naturally reached Captain Sakashita's ears. As they were intended to.*
Captain: Excuse me...!? If you have something to say, then say it to my face! Backbiting in the shadows!? Aren't you ashamed of yourselves!?
Narration: *Captain Sakashita's irritated, impatient tone was no different from her usual scoldings during practice.*
Narration: *But at that moment, we weren't in that "usual" situation, tucked away in our safe gymnasium. It was a life-or-death emergency, and everyone was frantic.*
Narration: *At such times, people instinctively seek out someone to rely on. The more desperate the situation, the more we throw aside rank and title and turn to raw competence.*
Narration: *It felt like many gazes were beginning to concentrate in Kazuki's general direction. I don't think it was just my imagination...*
Narration: *Captain Sakashita seemed to have noticed as well. Swallowed by what looked like an overwhelming surge of irritation, she abruptly grabbed a nearby fist-sized outcropping of rock, then squeezed it so hard her fingers turned white.*
Captain: ...Kuh...!
Narration: *"This isn't good..."*
Narration: *We weren't going to achieve anything by continuing this attack on Captain Sakashita. And I think we all knew that.*
Narration: *Even so, I understood the temptation to create a scapegoat; the irrational feeling that pushing all the bitterness and blame onto another would wipe away our own shortcomings. As if doing so would save us somehow.*
Narration: *For most of the team members, the captain had become the scapegoat. And for the captain, it must've been Kazuki who filled that role.*
Narration: *As the main authority figure, our advisor Mr. Ochi probably should've interceded by now. But he seemed intent on staying out of the conversation under the pretext of attending to the wounded.*
Narration: *He'd never made a habit of intervening in the team's quarrels. A policy typical of teachers at all-female schools, who know full well what a nuisance it is to get caught in the crossfire of a schoolgirl squabble.*
Narration: *His normal approach was to smooth things over with the individuals involved after the fight died down. He was probably assuming that would be enough this time, as well.*
Narration: *"What should we do...?"*
Narration: *Not that I really have grounds to criticize his passivity. In the end, I glanced pleadingly at Kazuki out of the corner of my eye, hoping she would rescue us from this ugly situation.*
Narration: *Apparently reading my mind from that small movement, Kazuki let out a short, resigned sigh, then slowly opened her mouth to speak.*
Kazuki: All right, why don't just we let this drop? Those who let themselves be drawn into a fight with idiots are the most foolish of all.
Captain: ...Excuse me? Was that directed at me, or these girls?
Kazuki: It was directed at everyone. How did you interpret it?
Captain: ...Hmph...! Easy to criticize us, but I don't remember you contributing much to this conversation yourself! Don't you have any brilliant ideas to share with us!?
Kazuki: I believe we had already decided to adopt the simple plan of waiting patiently to be rescued.
Captain: Do absolutely nothing, in other words!? Sit on our hands and wait god knows how long for help to arrive!?
Kazuki: Precisely because we don't know long it will take for our rescuers to arrive, I feel it would be wisest to avoid expending energy pointlessly.
Kazuki: Fortunately, we've secured ourselves a source of water, thanks to Suou-san. And as long as we eat lightly, we should be able to endure for a while. But I suppose...
Narration: *Kazuki covered her mouth with her hand and narrowed her eyes in apparent amusement.*
Kazuki: I suppose we could adopt my earlier proposal. Care to risk everything on an all-or-nothing bet? March right off into the forest?
Narration: *As she spoke, Kazuki jerked her head in the direction of the overgrown, humid "jungle" sealing our only exit from the valley. Even from a distance, the tangled mass of plants exuded the indifferent menace of nature.*
Captain: ...That's not what I...
Narration: *The captain had emphatically shot down this suggestion only yesterday. Overturning that decision now was probably impossible.*
Narration: *Cold sweat forming at my temples, I watched nervously as the captain's face changed color to an extremely disturbing shade of red. But in the next moment, Kazuki shot me a quick, suggestive glance.*
Narration: *"Oh... I get it...!"*
Narration: *I abruptly jerked my hand into the air, as if requesting a teacher's attention in the classroom.*
Amane: Uhm! Can I say something?
Captain: What is it, Suou-san?
Amane: ...Well... I think the captain was right before. It'd be really dangerous to wander off into that forest...
Captain: Yes, we're all perfectly well aware of that already.
Amane: Therefore, uhm... for the time being, why don't we spend one week waiting for help here, while testing as many plans as we can think of?
Captain: ...Why one week?
Amane: Apparently, unsuccessful search and rescue operations are usually abandoned within two weeks...
Amane: So if help doesn't turn up after a week, the odds of them finding us get worse. It's a reasonable point to start discussing proactive plans for escape.
Captain: What? That's what we're discussing right now. Are you even paying attention?
Amane: ...Uhm... yes, but... well...
Kazuki: Does this person really think the plans we come up with today will be of any use after a week's drain on our endurance and resources...? Mystifying...
Captain: What was that!?
Amane: Wait! Uhm...!
Narration: *I turned my head slightly to the side and shot Kazuki a brief glare. Not that she even noticed, judging from her unruffled, perfectly indifferent expression.*
Amane: ...Okay... well, anyway... all I was trying to say is...
Amane: For the week the rescue teams are probably going to be looking for us, we conserve our energy and transmit SOS signals by any means we can think of. If nobody finds us, we can discuss the next step based on our food situation and physical condition at the time.
Captain: ...Hmph... I suppose that's reasonable. It certainly doesn't seem like we can do much more at this point... Is that acceptable, Mr. Ochi?
Ochi: Hm? Yeah... let's go with that for the moment...
Captain: All right then. Lastly, a word of warning! Feel free to attempt ideas as they occur to you, but absolutely do not take that as a license to act recklessly!
Captain: I don't want to see anyone pulling dangerous stunts, like digging footholds into the rock and attempting to climb! That will be all!
Narration: *With those clipped words of warning, the discussion finally ended, taking with it the tension that had hung thick in the air for so long.*
Narration: *The rest of the group quickly broke up into their assigned pairs, whispering furtively to each other as they walked away from the meeting place.*
Narration: *Of course, I was no exception; as Kazuki promptly stood up from her seat and made to leave, I chased after her and immediately offered a few words of complaint.*
Amane: Okay, look... that was pretty low, you know?
Kazuki: My. Whatever are you referring to?
Amane: The way you just made me mouth all the important stuff for you again... I'm not your ventriloquist's dummy, okay?
Kazuki: This is very odd... I don't have the slightest recollection of ordering you to say anything.
Amane: As if it wasn't totally obvious anyway... C'mon, you sent me that signal with your eyes.
Kazuki: Yes, I certainly did. I must say though, I wasn't expecting you to pick up on the message so perfectly. To be honest, I'm currently in something of a state of rapture―
Kazuki: I expect I'll be unable to wipe the smile off my face for the rest of the day. I'm rather worried people might find it unpleasant after a while.
Amane: ...For the record, I'm already finding this unpleasant. In many ways...
Kazuki: You know something, Amane? I'm quite smitten with you. If I were a man, I do believe I would've proposed by now.
Amane: Cut it out... I don't swing that way, all right?
Kazuki: Yes, no need to worry. I don't "swing that way" myself, at the moment.
Amane: Uh, at the moment...?
Narration: *Is she implying... there's a chance she'll swing that way in the future?*
Kazuki: Well, I can't absolutely deny the possibility.
Amane: ...Look, can you stop reading my mind and jumping two steps ahead in the conversation...?
Kazuki: In any case, the matter was wrapped up very nicely thanks to you. Please accept my sincerest gratitude.
Amane: Oh, that a fact? Nice t'hear it. Thank ya sooo kindly.
Kazuki: ...But that said, that captain of ours is still a point of concern... There's no way around it; I simply can't stand the girl.
Amane: Talk about blunt... I mean, yeah, it's kind of annoying the way she talks down to everybody... but I don't think she really means badly...
Narration: *While her tone tended to be harsh, her directions during practice were appropriate and reasonable, and she cared more about the members of her team than you might assume.*
Narration: *Currently, she was in a far more taxing situation than captaining a school team could've possibly prepared her for. Taking that into consideration, you could say she was coping fairly calmly.*
Kazuki: ...I suppose you might be right. But she has assumed the role of "leader," even if the organization she's heading is a mere basketball team. It would be nice if she at least had a basic understanding of <brainstorming>...
Amane: ...Brai... What?
Kazuki: <Brainstorming.> An English word.
Amane: The heck does that mean?
Kazuki: Google it.
Amane: ...What?
Kazuki: A catchphrase for when explaining is too much of a nuisance... Then again, I suppose it's rather unfair under our current circumstances. All right... In summary, brainstorming is a group-thinking process based on four basic principles.
Amane: Uh, okay...
Kazuki: #1: Begin with an open mind. #2: Withhold criticism. #3: Focus on quantity. #4: Combine and synthesize. That's all there is to it.
Kazuki: In other words, patiently hear out any idea, no matter how ridiculous it may seem―
Kazuki: Even thoughts that seem utterly without value at a glance are to be considered potentially valuable building blocks. Attempt to combine them with other suggestions to produce something meaningful... That's brainstorming.
Amane: Ooh, nice. Sounds kinda genius-y.
Kazuki: Save the mockery for later, please. This is genuinely important.
Amane: Ah... yeah... Sorry, go on.
Kazuki: In the discussion just now, the captain merely shot down the ideas of others without offering a single constructive thought of her own, yes?
Kazuki: Right... For example, those suggestions about making a signal fire, or simply torching the entire forest to draw attention. What was her response to those ideas?
Amane: Ah... uhm... I think she said they'd tested those already, without any success?
Amane: The smoke of a campfire gets dispersed by all those overlapping tree branches hanging over us. And starting a forest fire might've been possible in winter, but right now the "jungle" is so moist and humid it just won't catch... Something like that.
Kazuki: Right. What other ideas were there?
Amane: Uhm... next was... throw a cell phone trying to send a message on top of the cliff, I think?
Kazuki: Yes. Sakuma-senpai tried that many times and failed as well. Anything else?
Amane: Mmm... uh, make a conspicuous kite using the sheet from a tent, capture a bird and tie a letter to its foot...
Amane: ...Ah...!
Kazuki: What's this? Did you think of something?
Amane: Hey! What about tying a cell phone to a kite and just floating it up into the sky!?
Kazuki: Indeed. Worth a try, I think.
Amane: Seems almost obvious... Why didn't we think of that in the discussion just now...?
Kazuki: Because the "discussion" amounted to little more than belittling each plan in succession. Such an approach is completely meaningless.
Kazuki: True, many of the proposals were rather ridiculous. But if we had accepted them all, then used them as the raw materials for creating new ideas...
Kazuki: That is, if we had approached the discussion as a brainstorming session, I expect we wouldn't have wasted our time so thoroughly.
Amane: Why didn't you say this during the meeting, then?
Kazuki: Well, I don't want a certain someone to get angry at me for running my mouth again. Also, lecturing people is a singularly ineffective way to introduce them to a new way of thinking. Far better if they can discover it themselves.
Amane: ...By coming up with an idea, for example? Like tying a cell phone to a kite?
Kazuki: Yes indeed. Experiencing such a flash of insight is quite stimulating to the mind.
Amane: ...I thought so. You knew the answer from the start, didn't you? You just pushed the conversation along so I'd figure it out.
Kazuki: That's a regrettable way to look at it. Do you snap at your teachers when they walk you through a new formula from the ground up?
Amane: If you hadn't noticed, we're not in school at the moment.
Kazuki: Think of it this way... If there's someone nearby who gives you the answer to every problem straight out, you'll lose the capacity to think for yourself.
Amane: These roundabout little games you play drive me nuts sometimes, you know that...?
Kazuki: Duly noted.
Narration: *I felt like I was beginning to understand why my conversations with Kazuki sometimes felt slightly "off"...*
Narration: *The discussions I had with this girl reminded me strongly of a classroom dialogue between a teacher and student.*
Narration: *She never revealed the answers immediately, instead dropping vague, indirect hints; she clearly regarded those with no desire to learn as unworthy of her wisdom.*
Narration: *In other words... very much like a veteran professor. An aging department head with a knowing smile.*
Narration: *If Kazuki deigned to consider the matter seriously, might she be able to find a way out of this whole mess in the blink of an eye?*
Narration: *The more I thought about it, the more these little lessons of Kazuki's seemed like an indirect way of rubbing my nose in my inferiority. The implied message was "you're incompetent." Frankly, it kind of pissed me off.*
Narration: *And since I really was incompetent, I couldn't come up with any biting comebacks, which pissed me off even worse. I had an itching desire to show her up somehow, but what could I possibly hope to defeat her at?*
Narration: *"Ah... right. If nothing else, I'm probably a better cook..."*
Narration: *Yeah, there was a pretty good chance I could teach her a lesson or two in that arena.*
Narration: *I latched onto that trifling point of superiority, imagining Kazuki fumbling around helplessly in the kitchen under my wry supervision―*
Narration: *"Geez, you're all thumbs, Kazuki..." and all that. Before I knew it, there was a smile on my face; all of a sudden, this aggravating young woman looked like a cute little girl. I was slightly exasperated at my own simple-mindedness.*
Narration: *I quickly put the culinary skills in question to use whipping up our meager breakfast. As Kazuki and I were choking it down, I ended up telling her about that little daydream...*
Kazuki: That "simple-mindedness" you mention is a psychological defense mechanism. It helps keep us from committing suicide.
Narration: *...She responded with these pretty much incomprehensible sentences. That and a gentle smile.*
Narration: *What the heck is with this girl, anyway...?*
Narration: *Well, whatever.*
Narration: *I'd finished my breakfast. It hadn't exactly filled my stomach and inspired a burst of energy for the day to come, but I nonetheless decided to take a little positive action by proposing the "kite cell phone" idea to the captain.*
Captain: ...What, you too?
Amane: ...Huh? What do you mean?
Captain: I mean you're not the first person to bring that idea to me. About ten minutes ago, the Kaneda and Komori pair came over and told me they wanted to give it a try.
Amane: Ah, I see...
Narration: *Yeah, I guess anybody could come up with that one...*
Captain: There's no reason to have both of you running the same experiment. Come back if you get any other ideas.
Amane: ...Right... Yeah, sure...
Narration: *I'd been feeling a little proud of myself for coming up with a pretty decent idea. For some reason, it felt as though that achievement had been pulled out from under me.*
Narration: *I trudged back to the tent, my shoulders drooping, and told Kazuki about the outcome.*
Narration: *There was another pair that had hit on the exact same idea.*
Narration: *Of course, Kaneda and Komori had participated in the same discussion, and had the same information to work from. It wasn't that strange a coincidence.*
Narration: *Indeed, Kazuki showed no surprise whatsoever. Quite the opposite, she nodded her head with the words "Ah, I figured as much." From what she told me, something called "reminiscence" was likely at work here.*
Kazuki: The reminiscence effect is a phenomenon whereby recollection and synthetic analysis of new information actually becomes easier after a certain amount of time has passed, as your brain draws new connections in the course of processing it as a memory.
Amane: Again with this complicated stuff? My head hurts already.
Kazuki: I suppose you're right. A technical explanation would likely drag on, so let's leave it be.
Amane: I approve of this proposal wholeheartedly.
Kazuki: Well then, have you come up with any other ideas?
Amane: ...Uhhhm... okay. Flying a brightly colored kite in the hope someone will discover it... is basically an attempt at catching someone's attention visually. In other words, you could call it an optical form of communication, right?
Kazuki: Yes, that you could.
Amane: And using a cell phone is pretty similar, except you're trying to communicate through the medium of radio waves or whatever...
Kazuki: Aah. So that's what you're getting at?
Amane: ...Huh? Do you maybe... already know where I'm going with this?
Kazuki: The possibility of communicating through sound...?
Amane: ...Aw, man, you knew all along...
Kazuki: Not at all. I just now picked up on it. In other words, you want to attempt sending auditory signals by means of some high-decibel device? Honking the horn of the bus, perhaps?
Amane: ...Huh? Ah, yeah... Right, right... Something like that...
Kazuki: Please don't tell me... You weren't thinking "we can all get together and scream really loud," or anything... were you...?
Amane: ...Uhm... I, ah... well...
Kazuki: You were.
Amane: Yes, yes, I was! I'm just a stupid airhead, after all...
Kazuki: Well, leaving aside the details, the general idea wasn't half-bad. How about bringing this to the captain before someone beats you to the punch again?
Amane: I guess I will, but I'm sure it'll eventually occur to everyone anyway... It's not particularly clever or anything.
Kazuki: Didn't I just explain this to you? The accumulation of such small ideas is what gives rise to "clever" plans.
Amane: Yeah, I do get that... but wandering over to her every time something pops into my head feels kinda stupid...
Kazuki: In that case, how about preparing one more idea first? For example... let's see... it may not be the most practical idea, but as a starting point, how about considering the possibility of digital communication?
Amane: Digital communication...?
Kazuki: For example, one might head out to the forest... gather lots of long tree branches and connect them vertically. In theory, you could make a stick with a length of hundreds of meters, yes...?
Kazuki: Holding one end of that stick, we could turn it to the right to indicate a 0, and to the left to indicate a 1. Theoretically, it would be possible to send an SOS in the form of a binary digital "signal."
Amane: ...Uh, coming from you... that's a surprisingly... goofy idea, Kazuki...
Kazuki: You think so? Admittedly, mass is a concern, but if we were in the vacuum of outer space where weight is no practical limitation, it could be a rather effective means of instantaneous ultra-long-range communication, don't you think...?
Amane: ...Don't I think what...? Outer space? What the heck...? They do say the difference between a madman and a genius is paper-thin... I think I'm starting to agree...
Kazuki: Look, you don't have to present it as a practical suggestion. I was merely proposing you offer the general idea as a starting point for further thought.
Amane: ...Well, I guess... I'll try mentioning the rough idea, but... I really hope she doesn't just end up thinking I'm a total idiot...
Kazuki: You're being rather rude, you know that?
Narration: *―After that, I offered the captain my second idea, and received a fairly positive evaluation of "worth looking into."*
Narration: *I did give a half-hearted mention of "the possibility of digital communication" as well, but as anticipated, the captain's reaction was unenthusiastic―*
Narration: *The concept clearly didn't quite click with her either, and I was left with a vague permission for "experiments within the range of common sense."*
Narration: *Well, the proposed "experiment" just involved gathering long sticks and trying to bind them together, so at least failure wouldn't be a complete waste of effort. We'd have secured ourselves a supply of firewood, if nothing else.*
Narration: *That said, the first priority was looking into the more realistic possibility of communication through sound... In other words, examining the ruins of the bus and seeing if the horn was still functional.*
Narration: *As a matter of fact, I had a bit of knowledge about motor vehicles. I'd liked cars ever since I was a young child. Back in the day, I loved tagging along with my dad to the market every morning in our mini-truck.*
Narration: *I guess my somewhat tomboyish fascination with cars amused my dad, as he would often let me sit on his lap and take the wheel―*
Narration: *Then let me drive around and around the market grounds for the sheer fun of it.*
Narration: *Of course, I'd gotten a little old for that, but I never lost my curiosity about automobiles. I'd picked up a bit of knowledge about how they function.*
Narration: *Crawling through the broken rear window, I made my way into the overturned bus once again. Inside, the smell of leaking fuel had grown noticeably thicker in the air.*
Narration: *After slowly and carefully making my way the length of the bus, I reached the driver's seat to find the key still seated in the ignition―*
Narration: *But the cylinder had been firmly turned to the OFF position.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, that was my doing. When I dragged Mr. Ochi from the driver's seat, I'd found the eerie glow of the dashboard backlights so creepy that I immediately switched it off.*
Narration: *Clutching the key tightly, I said a small prayer to no one in particular, then twisted it to ON. The dashboard sprung immediately to life, and I heard the distinctive stirring of the fuel pump motor.*
Narration: *Apparently, the battery was still alive. Must've been a dry cell; with the vehicle sideways like this, the liquid electrolytes would've leaked out of a wet battery.*
Narration: *I was tempted to keep turning the key to "START," but the engine was probably a lost cause. I'd just be wasting precious battery juice in the attempt.*
Narration: *First off, I was here to test whether the horn was operational.*
Narration: *I gave the center of the steering wheel a light push with the palm of my hand, and a surprisingly loud blast of sound rang through the air.*
Amane: ...Thank goodness... It's still working...
Narration: *At the sudden sound, everyone in the valley turned as one to stare in my direction.*
Narration: *For the moment, I'd confirmed the horn was operational. Now we had to consider how to make effective use of it.*
Narration: *Just blasting away aimlessly would run down the battery quickly, so it seemed necessary to discuss how and when we should utilize it.*
Narration: *Turning the ignition back to OFF for now, I cautiously made my way back out of the bus.*
Kazuki: ...It seems the horn is functional.
Amane: Yep. I guess now we have to think about when we should be using it. After all, there's not much point to honking away if there's nobody nearby to hear it and call for help.
Kazuki: For the moment, we should be satisfied with having obtained the basic capability of communicating through sound. Whether we'll use it at random or in combination with something else is a matter for future consideration.
Narration: *I turned around and looked up in the direction of the road. At a guess, it was perhaps 200 meters distant from the bottom of the ravine we were trapped in. The sound of our horn would probably carry that far.*
Narration: *But how were we supposed to know if someone was up there at any given moment?*
Narration: *That was the biggest problem with this idea. From that distance, a car could be rumbling fairly noisily down the road and we likely wouldn't notice.*
Narration: *I couldn't immediately think of anything other than the passive strategy of honking the horn at regular intervals in the hope of a coincidence.*
Amane: ...It'd be easier to make use of it if a rescue helicopter were to fly overhead or something...
Kazuki: But then again, the sound produced by a helicopter in flight is so loud our horn might well be drowned out entirely.
Amane: ...Oh...
Amane: Ah! If the sound's no good, what about light? What about detaching a headlight from the bus and shining it into the sky?
Kazuki: An excellent idea, but...
Narration: *Turning back and following Kazuki's gaze, I quickly discovered why she'd trailed off mid-sentence.*
Narration: *After tumbling down a slope 200 meters in length, finally plunging into a pit-like valley, the bus resembled a gigantic piece of gum chewed up and spat out by a dinosaur.*
Narration: *The roof was caved in, the windows were all broken; and the headlights and turn signals were no exception to the general rule. Every one was smashed beyond repair.*
Amane: ...Looks like a no-go...
Kazuki: Well, there's still a possibility one of the tail lights survived. Even an interior light might come in handy for something. Let's take a closer look.
Amane: Mm... yeah, you're right...
Narration: *Kazuki and I divided the job of searching the wreckage of the bus for potentially useful items, but the noticeably important things had already been carried out.*
Narration: *The only new discoveries were a few discarded magazines and a slightly dirty blanket that had been used as cushioning in the luggage compartment...*
Narration: *As well as a small metal box containing a bare handful of tools, and a single fire extinguisher probably designed for use against vehicle fires.*
Narration: *Nothing to write home about, in other words.*
Narration: *I had tried to go in without much in the way of expectations, but there was definitely a part of me clinging to the faint hope of discovering something.*
Narration: *An armful of canned food in some unexplored nook of the luggage compartment would have sent me back to camp jumping for joy. When that hope was dashed, the disappointment hit me much harder than I had expected.*
Amane: ...Hey, Kazuki... what's going to happen to us?
Kazuki: That's the fourth time today you've asked me that question, you know? And I've given you the exact same answer every time.
Amane: What will be will be, there's no way to know how this will end, for now we need to keep up hope and do what we can... all that? I do understand, but... I just can't help it...
Narration: *For now, we simply do what we can. In those words, there was a slight glimmer of optimism - the suggestion that at some undefined "later," we would escape.*
Narration: *But that vague hope was too slippery to cling onto. I couldn't see anything but overwhelming, unpredictable reality. The anxiety and uncertainty was almost too much to bear.*
Narration: *It felt as though someone had suddenly dropped an enormous whale in front of me and told me to fillet it with a single fruit knife.*
Narration: *Holding back tears, I was thrusting my tiny blade into thick, unyielding blubber, tormented by a sense of futility, doubtful I was accomplishing anything at all―*
Narration: *Just waiting for someone to tell me "It's impossible. Just give up."*
Narration: *In such a situation, I couldn't help but sink into pessimism and passivity.*
Narration: *Is help coming?*
Narration: *When will they arrive?*
Narration: *What if they never find us?*
Narration: *Can we possibly escape on our own?*
Narration: *Can we possibly survive this?*
Narration: *I knew full well that anguishing over such unanswerable questions accomplished nothing, but before I realized it they were oozing out from the dark corners of my mind.*
Narration: *Is this another one of those involuntary psychological "defense mechanisms" designed to push us through life?*
Narration: *When I asked Kazuki, she shook her head and told me flat-out, "No. That's probably just your personality."*
Narration: *―During the time we spent in the bus, Kaneda and Komori apparently completed their kite. Everyone left their personal projects behind for a while and gathered to watch the launch.*
Narration: *The string they'd used was a slender fishing line taken from the tackle box. Its tensile strength was a point of concern, so it was decided to run an initial test flight without the cell phone attached.*
Narration: *The length of the line was about 100 meters. Leaving aside the cell phone part of the plan, if we could get it up that high, someone might notice it from the road.*
Narration: *But as it turned out, well... reality isn't quite that convenient. It was, after all, a kite made by a bunch of amateurs from rough visual memory. There wasn't any realistic chance it'd soar beautifully into the sky―*
Narration: *After many failed launches, the makeshift kite ended up crashing into the ground and falling to pieces.*
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, everyone gathered there had been more or less expecting as much from the very start, even the girls who constructed it. The failure didn't inspire any wailing or gnashing of teeth.*
Narration: *Even if it had floated up perfectly, there was still the "lid" of trees hanging thickly over this valley.*
Narration: *Weaving even a well-constructed kite up through the gaps in the canopy without tangling it hopelessly in the branches would clearly have been very difficult.*
Narration: *Even so, Kaneda and Komori said they'd give it another shot, and immediately began repairing their broken kite. But apparently the general feeling was that nothing more was going to come of this―*
Narration: *Everyone left them alone with their mangled construction and headed back to their own stations.*
Narration: *In the end, Kaneda and Komori never did succeed in getting the kite into the sky. And later that day, Mr. Ochi told me that it probably wouldn't have achieved much anyway.*
Narration: *We were geographically quite close to the town Mr. Ochi had been born and raised in, and from what he said, the cell phone reception in the whole area was notoriously awful.*
Narration: *What's more... take a look at a map, and there's a nicely paved national highway running straight through this region, but we'd fallen while driving down an old back road.*
Narration: *Apparently it was in frequent use when Mr. Ochi was a student here, but nowadays almost no one takes it without some specific and compelling reason. He'd chosen it as a detour, concerned about traffic on the highway heading home.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, the entrance to the road was narrow and inconspicuous; and because of the poor condition of the surface, it was sealed off every time heavy rain fell. As a result, the traffic was extremely light.*
Narration: *In the first place, we wouldn't have plunged off the road if there'd been a proper guard rail on that tight curve.*
Narration: *"Even if we got a cell phone well above the cliff, there's a good chance it wouldn't pick up a signal."*
Narration: *I thought we should probably pass on this information to Kaneda and Komori, who were even then absorbed in repairing their almost certainly useless kite.*
Narration: *When I suggested as much, however, Kazuki frowned and told me to "Let it be."*
Narration: *Rather than wasting effort on a losing bet, wouldn't it be more effective to have them trying out something else?*
Narration: *In response to that question, Kazuki smirked slightly, cocked her head slightly to the side, and asked me if I was willing to hear out a bit of "complicated stuff."*
Narration: *That lightly mocking body language of hers was getting on my nerves, but I agreed to listen. After stressing my request for the clear and concise version, of course.*
Kazuki: This is only the second day we've spent here, you know? At the moment, we're still in the "diffusion period." In other words, everyone is currently piling up a wide range of failures, and learning "moderation" from them.
Kazuki: There's no need to intervene directly; in fact, it would backfire. They'll learn on their own to stop wasting their energy. In time.
Narration: *To summarize, we were newborn infants relative to this environment. We needed to be allowed to wail, wriggle around aimlessly, and pop things into our mouths; otherwise, our maturation process would be crippled... apparently.*
Narration: *I sort of understood what Kazuki was getting at, but when I thought about how those two would feel when they discovered their hard work had been in vain, I couldn't help wanting to let them know.*
Narration: *Turning my back on Kazuki, I walked over to Kaneda-senpai. She was perched on a moderately-sized rock, her brow furrowed with earnest concentration as she tried to untangle a complex clump of fishing line.*
Kaneda: Ah? Oh, well, yeah. We knew that already.
Narration: *Kaneda received my hesitant advice with unexpected composure.*
Kaneda: We heard something like that from Sakuma-senpai a little while ago, actually.
Amane: Really...?
Narration: *I turned around to face the person in question, still tirelessly flinging her battered cell phone high into the air a few meters away.*
Amane: ...Could you explain, please?
Sakuma: Hm? Aah... thing is, we were out of range even when we were up on the road...
Narration: *Slightly before the bus plunged off the cliff, Sakuma had casually opened her cell phone to check the time, and noticed the words "No Signal" in the corner of the screen―*
Narration: *She even remembered worrying idly about how we would call the police if we got in an accident out here.*
Amane: ...So... you knew from the start the phone wasn't going to get a signal? And you've still been throwing it all this time...?
Sakuma: Yep, I guess that's the shape of it. But, hey, it's not like there's no chance whatsoever. Might just have been my phone or my carrier. Somebody else might have better luck, right?
Narration: *For that reason, she decided to try borrowing Ibuki's phone, a different model on a different network, and tossing it instead―*
Narration: *But Ibuki said if anyone was going to throw her cell phone around, it was going to be her. In the end, the two of them ended up out here, tossing and picking up their phones together.*
Sakuma: As it turned out, Ibuki isn't having much luck with her phone, either... but, y'know, this is sort of the way my personality works.
Sakuma: Even when I know it's basically a waste of time, I can't calm down unless I'm moving my body. That's just how I am, I guess.
Narration: *Thinking back, Sakuma had approached basketball with a similar mindset.*
Narration: *No matter how overwhelming our opponent in the next match, she would practice diligently. Even knowing we would lose, even when she was the only one left in the gym, she'd keep right on going.*
Sakuma: ...No different from a basketball game. "I could've done something if I tried" is the crappiest feeling in the world, in my humble opinion.
Sakuma: Even if you're gonna lose no matter what, at least do everything you can. You might not win, but it's a hell of a lot more satisfying way to lose. And it gives you something to build off for next time.
Narration: *Words very typical of Sakuma, well known in our team for her silent dedication. She stood out for her skill, but had apparently removed herself from consideration for the captaincy, preferring to avoid placing herself above others.*
Narration: *However, there was one person whose mood took a rapid, obvious turn for the sour at this little speech: Her roommate in the dorm and partner in the valley, Ibuki.*
Ibuki: I can't stand it when you break out that "no pain, no gain" crap, Kuma-senpai. And I don't remember hearing anything about this place being totally out of cell phone range!
Narration: *Ibuki had been drafted into this exercise in futility without her knowledge. Judging from the way she was biting her lower lip and squeezing her cell phone tightly in her hands, she wasn't happy about it.*
Narration: *The girl had a tendency to complain fairly easily, a trait that often left her somewhat isolated from the group in both the classroom and on the team.*
Sakuma: Huh? Coulda sworn I mentioned that.
Ibuki: Another thing I can't stand! You're a complete scatterbrain!
Sakuma: Haha. Sorry 'bout that, Buki.
Narration: *With those words, Sakuma casually slipped her hand around Ibuki's waist, drew the younger girl close, and rested her chin on top of Ibuki's head.*
Ibuki: ...Don't call me Buki...
Narration: *Pouting, Ibuki mumbled that even her classmates had started to pick up "that stupid nickname."*
Narration: *...Apparently, even seemingly mismatched individuals could develop some fairly intimate bonds, given enough time together.*
Narration: *Staring at the two of them, I entertained some idle speculation about which one would be wearing the pants, not even noticing my cheeks growing hot―*
Narration: *Apparently my trivial delusions were showing pretty clearly on my face, as Sakuma gave me a broad, almost boastful grin.*
Sakuma: I told you so, right? We don't get along as bad as you guys like to think.
Amane: Ah, uh, right...
Sakuma: What about your partner? Probably shouldn't neglect Kazami too long. That girl seems like the type to get all sulky if you don't give her enough attention.
Amane: No way... We're talking about Kazuki here, you know?
Narration: *Kazami Kazuki didn't need anyone's attention. To her, I was nothing but a personal chef, a convenient servant girl and occasional object of amusement.*
Narration: *And if Kazuki really needed to, I was pretty sure she could pick up cooking quickly enough. Give her a while and she'd probably be good enough to leave me very nearly worthless.*
Sakuma: Ya don't get it. Ya don't get it at all, Suou Amane. Tell me something. Why did you pick that Kazami Kazuki for your partner?
Amane: Well... uh...
Narration: *Pick her? I didn't really have a choice in the matter...*
Narration: *As for why things turned out that way, it was probably because we both realized I was the only person on the team capable of putting up with that fiercely "unique" personality of hers.*
Sakuma: Okay then. When Kazami asks you that question, this is what you're gonna tell her.
Amane: ...Huh?
Narration: *As Sakuma leaned over to whisper in my ear, I caught a strong whiff of the refreshing, citrusy scent of her body.*
Narration: *The way her breath tickled my ear as she spoke didn't help, either; I froze stiff as a statue, unable to really focus on processing the meaning of her words.*
Sakuma: That'll do it, guaranteed. I'm pretty sure you'll find out exactly what Kazami thinks of you.
Sakuma: But those right there are words of power. Little advice: Don't overuse 'em or you'll dilute 'em.
Amane: Uhh... all right then, if you say so...
Narration: *I didn't really get it, to be honest... It felt like the most likely outcome would be Kazuki laughing in my face. Then again, it probably couldn't really hurt to give it a shot sometime, if I happened to remember.*
Sakuma: All right then, you better head back before the princess gets cranky.
Amane: The princess, huh...?
Narration: *Not that I found Sakuma's theory particularly convincing, but I did decide to head back in search of Kazuki.*
Narration: *However, her shoes weren't in front of our tent. I took a quick look inside anyway, but there was no sign of her.*
Narration: *"What's this? Where'd she get to now...?"*
Narration: *Well, Sakuma may not have been too far off the mark. Leaving Kazuki unattended for too long didn't seem to be the best idea, considering this habit of casually strolling off without a word.*
Narration: *"Don't tell me she's wandered off into the forest again?"*
Narration: *Maybe she was actually doing this on purpose? Waiting for me to come looking for her? ...No, I was definitely reading too much into this now.*
Narration: *That said, there was no reason to think Kazuki was coming back any time soon. And considering that blunt personality of hers, the longer I left her to her own devices, the more likely she'd end up quarreling and causing us trouble.*
Narration: *After heaving a little sigh and mumbling a few complaints about my nuisance of a partner, I ended up trotting off in search of her like the hopeless soft touch I was.*
Narration: *As it turned out, though, my search wasn't a particularly arduous one. Kazuki's whereabouts came to light within two minutes.*
Narration: *I discovered her shoes lying neatly side by side in front of the largest structure in our camp, the conspicuous six-person tent.*
Amane: ...Kazuki, are you in there?
Narration: *When dealing with a tent, knocking isn't exactly an option, so I hesitantly called out to her through the door.*
Kazuki: ...Yes, I am. Do come in.
Amane: Okay.
Narration: *As instructed, I removed my shoes and crawled into the tent. The interior was dimly lit, muggy, and filled with the overpowering stench of disinfectant and sweat. I let out a small, reflexive groan of dismay.*
Kazuki: Well? Did you tell Kaneda-san and the others about the reception?
Amane: Huh? Oh. Yeah...
Narration: *Even as Kazuki spoke, she was applying disinfectant to Sakurai's wounded stomach.*
Narration: *Maybe the gloomy lighting had something to do with it, but the gash across Sakurai's abdomen and the rough fishing-line stitches holding it shut seemed all the more gruesome today, to the point I could barely stand to look at it.*
Kazuki: If you're free at the moment, would you please replace the towel on Hirooka-san's forehead?
Amane: Y-Yeah, of course...
Narration: *I turned to the other side of the tent as requested. Hirooka-san was lying nearby with a damp towel on her forehead, repeating long, deep breaths. Her eyes were squeezed tightly shut.*
Narration: *It was obvious at a glance that she was still suffering from the fever brought on by breaking both her legs.*
Narration: *The howls and moans which had continued throughout the night had gone quiet that morning, so I'd assumed her condition had improved. But it was clear to me now that she'd simply lost the physical strength to scream.*
Amane: Hirooka-san, are you all right...?
Narration: *Anyone with a set of functional eyes could tell in a second that she wasn't remotely all right, but I couldn't find anything else to say. When I took the towel from her forehead, it was burning with such heat that it could've been resting on a hot iron plate.*
Narration: *She was drawing regular, repeated breath, but there was no response whatsoever to my question. Although she seemed to be awake, she didn't seem fully conscious of her surroundings.*
Narration: *Soaking the hot towel in a plastic bag filled with cold water, I gave it a very light squeeze, then replaced it on Hirooka-san's forehead.*
Hirooka: ...Thank... you, Kazami-san...
Kazuki: That's not me. Suou Amane is currently looking after you.
Hirooka: ...Thank you... Suou-san...
Kazuki: Good. Try to keep yourself alert. Focus on keeping a regular rhythm to your breaths.
Hirooka: Yeah... sorry...
Kazuki: That's quite alright.
Narration: *Kazuki kept up her conversation with Hirooka-san without even turning around.*
Narration: *In that moment, watching the silhouette of her back in that dim tent was strangely reassuring to me. There was something strong, almost dignified about her just then, as though she were some famous physician, utterly confident in her role.*
Narration: *Having completed her disinfection of Sakurai's wound, Kazuki began to quickly wind the bandages back into place, speaking in an ice-cold voice as she worked.*
Kazuki: Sakurai-san, I do understand that your wound must be exceptionally itchy under this bandage, particularly given the humidity. But please, do not scratch at it.
Kazuki: Think of the itchiness as a minor form of pain. It's proof that your body is beginning to recover. Please endure the urge to claw at yourself and undo that progress.
Sakurai: Yes... I'm sorry...
Kazuki: If it becomes absolutely unbearable, call for me and I'll disinfect the wound again.
Sakurai: I understand... Thank you...
Kazuki: I'll stop by for another check-up later today.
Narration: *With those words, Kazuki crawled out of the tent, signaling for me to follow with a glance.*
Kazuki: I was planning to go wash these bandages, but I can't use my hands particularly well at the moment. Would you mind accompanying me?
Amane: Ah... yeah... sure, I don't mind...
Kazuki: Then let's be on our way.
Narration: *I caught a quick glimpse of long strips of cloth blackened with blood in Kazuki's hands, presumably Sakurai-san's old bandages. But in the next moment, she turned her back on me and abruptly began to walk off.*
Narration: *What was this? She seemed to be in something of a bad mood... Unfortunately, it was a little difficult to tell for sure in Kazuki's case, as she was more than a bit brusque at the best of times.*
Kazuki: ..."How are Hirooka-san and Sakurai-san holding up?"
Amane: ...Huh?
Kazuki: Wasn't the question on your mind?
Amane: Ah... yeah...
Kazuki: I'd prefer if they didn't overhear us. Let's discuss it on the way.
Amane: Okay...
Narration: *Well, that explained the sudden exit...*
Narration: *Kazuki's estimate of the medical situation wasn't as pessimistic as I had feared.*
Narration: *Sakurai's abdominal laceration was apparently healing relatively steadily.*
Narration: *The larger problem was Hirooka-san and her fractured legs.*
Narration: *Although Kazuki had straightened her legs, pulled the bones into place, and fixed them with makeshift splints, the blazing fever that accompanied the injuries showed no signs of receding.*
Narration: *Hirooka-san wasn't exactly what you could call robust or sturdy to begin with. At present, she'd weakened to the point that her body was incapable of accepting the nourishment it needed to heal.*
Narration: *They'd tried to feed her a light soup, even crushing the small chunks of potato with a spoon to make them easier to swallow. But after swallowing a mere three mouthfuls, she insisted she was "completely full"―*
Narration: *And continuing to feed her regardless only resulted in her vomiting back the entire meal.*
Kazuki: Even so, I think she'll slowly improve with rest... but it's going to be difficult.
Amane: It's going to take a long time...?
Kazuki: You're not wrong about that, but... we have a very serious shortage of medicine...
Narration: *Our only source of medical supplies was a single first- aid kit we kept on hand to treat scrapes during practice.*
Narration: *Although we were well stocked in band-aids, disinfectant, and pain-relieving patches, we lacked antibiotics to prevent lacerations from festering, and drugs to bring down the agonizing inflammation caused by bone fractures.*
Kazuki: Also, the wounded girls are worried they're becoming a burden on the group.
Kazuki: Treating them with stilted kindness might well end up exacerbating those feelings of guilt, so try to interact with them as naturally as possible.
Amane: Aah...
Narration: *And that would explain why she seemed oddly impassive back there, I guess.*
Narration: *Well, I had to admit it would probably be exceptionally creepy to have Kazami Kazuki of all people treating you with tender compassion.*
Kazuki: And? What happened on your end?
Amane: ...Huh?
Kazuki: You went to tell Kaneda and Komori about the possibility this area has no cell phone reception, didn't you?
Amane: Ah... yeah... but apparently, they already knew about it...
Kazuki: ...I see.
Amane: They've known it was probably hopeless for a while now, but they didn't have anything else to do. And the possibility it might work isn't zero. I guess that's enough for them.
Amane: There was some new information from Sakuma-senpai, too. Apparently there wasn't any cell phone reception when we were up on the road, either... Would've been nice if she or Mr. Ochi let us know a little earlier, don't you think?
Kazuki: Mr. Ochi's knowledge about the poor reception in this area dates back to when he was a student. He may well have been holding on to the hope it had improved by now.
Kazuki: And our situation being what it is, I think his hesitance to intervene is understandable. I doubt he was particularly eager to become the voice of negativity.
Amane: I can sympathize with that, but still, knowing this stuff from the start would've been a big help...
Amane: And is it just me, or are these weird little two-person groups kind of inefficient? If we got everyone together, combined our information, and then divided the work between us, I feel like we might get more done...
Narration: *This whole idea of dividing ourselves into pairs that would operate independently had been Kazuki's suggestion.*
Narration: *It's true that the difficulty of keeping everyone supervised was dramatically reduced under this system, since everyone would naturally be keeping an eye on their partner. But that was pretty much the only benefit I could see.*
Narration: *Everyone cooperating seemed more likely to produce good ideas, and it felt like operating in one large group would reduce the weight any given individual was carrying on their shoulders.*
Kazuki: Not true. Simply adding more voices to the discussion often accomplishes little more than decreasing its coherence. And if the burden on the individual grows too light, that's problematic in its own way.
Amane: ...What do you mean? How can a light burden be a bad thing...?
Kazuki: Amane, are you familiar with the "worker ant principle?"
Amane: Huh? Not at all... What do ants have to do with anything?
Kazuki: It's going to be a fairly long explanation. Let's wash while we talk.
Narration: *Apparently Kazuki had pushed us to adopt this pair system, with all its seeming drawbacks, in an attempt to avoid a specific organizational problem known as the "worker ant principle"...*
Narration: *It was obvious she was fully prepared to give me another headache-inducing lecture, so I asked her to give me the short version, which went something like this―*
Narration: *Within any relatively organized group, the appearance of individuals who toil diligently at their job tends to be counteracted by others beginning to neglect their work.*
Narration: *For example, in ant society.*
Narration: *Inside a colony, an "organization" operating under the "leadership" of a queen ant, there are apparently not only the familiar "worker ants" but also a sizable population of "slacker ants" that spend most of their time wandering around aimlessly.*
Narration: *If you pick out all the hard-working ants who take their duties seriously and place them in a brand-new colony, a fairly consistent percentage will lose their previous enthusiasm and transform into slackers.*
Narration: *And back in the old nest, where all the hard workers have suddenly vanished, a good chunk of the slacker ants will soon begin throwing themselves vigorously into their work. It's apparently a well-observed phenomenon.*
Narration: *This principle isn't limited to ants alone; it applies to human societies as well. This natural tendency to lean heavily on the over-achievers makes efficiently managing an organization in the long-term much more difficult than one might imagine.*
Narration: *By dividing us into pairs, the "colony" was decentralized; everyone was essentially forced to help their partner, making it harder to coast along as a "slacker"―*
Narration: *On top of which, it would be possible to encourage competition between the small groups, producing a meteoric rise in net productivity per capita, or something...*
Narration: *I did more or less understand what she was trying to say, but to be perfectly honest, I couldn't shake the feeling she was just deftly pulling the wool over my eyes.*
Amane: ...So basically, you had a good reason for picking the pair system instead of something else?
Kazuki: That's correct. Its merits may not be entirely clear to you at the moment, but... if, say, a fight were to break out in the group, I think the meaning of this system should become apparent.
Amane: Hmmm... I don't really get it, but... if you say so, I guess I'll have to take your word for it.
Kazuki: ...I can't say I like the way you put that... You don't "have" to take my word for anything. I believe I already told you to be forthcoming with your objections.
Amane: Huh? Oh, sorry. I don't really have any objections or anything. I just meant, you know... you're always right, so I'll trust you on this one.
Kazuki: Look, you can disagree with me if you want. You're not my slave; you're my friend. Or was that a misconception on my part? That would be an exceptionally bitter pill to swallow, I must admit.
Amane: Don't get mad. I wasn't really trying to be sarcastic or anything...
Kazuki: ...If you're dissatisfied with our current arrangement, you can feel free to find someone to switch pairs with.
Amane: Hey... now you're starting to hurt MY feelings... I guess all you really want is someone to do your chores. No reason it has to be me, huh?
Kazuki: I said no such thing!
Amane: That's sure what it sounded like. Maybe you're the one who's "dissatisfied" being with...!
Amane: ...Ah...
Narration: *All of a sudden, the words Sakuma had whispered into my ear popped vividly into my mind.*
Kazuki: ...And what is "Ah" supposed to mean? ...Tell me something. Why did you even agree to be my partner in the first place?
Amane: ...Well, because I like you better than anyone else, Kazuki.
Kazuki: ............
Kazuki: ...Come again...?
Amane: Sure. I like you a lot, Kazuki. More than anyone else on the team. That's why I paired up with you.
Kazuki: Ah... uh... I see...
Amane: What about you, Kazuki? Do you like me?
Kazuki: ...G-Got to start washing these bandages already...
Amane: ...Kazuki...?
Narration: *Huh? Wha... Was this really happening? Kazami Kazuki, flustered with embarrassment...?*
Narration: *Amazing, Sakuma-senpai! It really worked! I'll give a testimonial for your infomercial!*
Amane: Hey, Kazuki? You do like me, right? A whole lot?
Kazuki: S-Shut up, will you...!? I'm busy at the moment. If you have the time to talk about this nonsense, how about you help out!?
Amane: Ah... look at you dodge the question. Did I hit the bulls-eye?
Kazuki: ...Bulls-eye yourself... Why do you have to hound me about this? You know the answer perfectly well already, don't you?
Amane: Kazuukiii.♪
Narration: *...She was so ridiculously adorable that I just couldn't help myself. Sneaking up behind Kazuki, I gently rested my hands on her shoulders, then leaned forward and nuzzled my nose against the back of her head.*
Kazuki: Hyaaaaaa!!
Narration: *With a hysterical little shriek that could only be described as "alarmingly out-of-character," Kazami Kazuki jerked forward, lost her balance, and pitched face first into the marshy stream.*
Kazuki: ...Wablh!!
Amane: Whoa! Wha... Sorry, Kazuki! Are you okay!?
Kazuki: W-What is this!? Didn't you say you weren't interested in romancing other women!?
Amane: Well, yeah, I'm not gay... But right now, I kinda feel like a little experimenting might not be so bad. If you're up for it...
Kazuki: ...I-I was careless... Listen to me. What you're currently feeling can be fully explained by the "suspension bridge effect!" Let's all calm down and put our emotions in rational perspective, okay!?
Amane: ...Your clothes... got all wet, huh? I'll get you out of those...
Kazuki: No! Bad idea! Don't move from that spot! If you take another step, I'm going to have to scream, you know!?
Amane: *Snort*...! Heheh... Ahahahahaha! Sorry, sorry. It was just a joke, you know?
Kazuki: ...A... joke...?
Amane: Like I told you, I don't swing that way. Rest assured. C'mon, if you sit in that water all day you're gonna freeze to death, you know? Here, gimme your hand...
Narration: *Ignoring Kazuki's bitter scowl, I offered her my hand, which she accepted with a great show of reluctance.*
Kazuki: ...Uugh... what did I do to deserve this...?
Amane: Aah... yeah, sorry 'bout that. Took that little joke a bit too far, I guess.
Kazuki: Your "jokes" are in distinctly bad taste...
Amane: Whoah, did I really just hear that from you of all people? To think I'd live to see the day...
Kazuki: Say whatever you want... But if you don't fix this habit of teasing innocent young ladies, one of these nights a vengeful spirit's going to carry you off.
Amane: Don't say that. Now I'm going to be too scared to go to the bathroom tonight.
Kazuki: You may not have noticed, but there isn't a bathroom to go to in the first place.
Amane: Aw, don't be cranky. The last part might've been a joke, but I meant it when I said I like you, Kazuki.
Kazuki: Spare me. I assume some irresponsible senior of ours suggested that line, yes? Drop the nonsense and let's finish up the washing.
Amane: Geeeez, don't be such a cynic. Girls who talk like that lose points on the cuteness scale, Kazuki.
Kazuki: From the day I was born, not even my mother has ever referred to me as "cute"...
Amane: Ah... hey, Kazuki! What about your uniform? Aren't you going to take it off?
Kazuki: That's quite all right. It's summer, so it'll be dry soon enough.
Amane: Don't worry. No matter how small your tits are, I won't laugh.
Kazuki: How can you say things like that with such perfect composure!? Is it just me, or has your character changed a good bit since yesterday!?
Amane: This is my default state, you know? Probably just means I'm getting more comfortable around you.
Kazuki: Go ahead, play with me like a toy while you still can. You'll get what's coming to you sooner or later...
Kazuki: ...He-! Whaa!!?
Amane: ...Huh? What is it? Something wrong?
Kazuki: ...It's a dog...
Amane: A dog?
Narration: *I looked down to find a toy-breed dog at Kazuki's feet, rubbing its face up against her legs and snuffling in evident curiosity.*
Amane: ...Isn't this... Komori-san's pet dog?
Kazuki: S-So it would seem...
Amane: Hm? What's wrong? You not good with dogs, Kazuki?
Kazuki: I wouldn't say that... It just sprung out of the bushes so suddenly that I was rather startled.
Amane: But where's its owner...? I don't see any sign of Komori-san. I wonder if this guy just wandered out here alone?
Kazuki: Most likely. It seems to be slightly dehydrated... Perhaps it was following the scent of water out here.
Amane: I see... Okay then, wait just a sec. I'll go scoop you a drink.
Kazuki: I'd recommend against that.
Amane: Why?
Kazuki: Many of these selectively-bred toy dogs have rather weak digestive systems. It would probably be best not to give it unpurified water without checking with the owner first.
Amane: Ah... really? But I've been gulping this water down all day, and I feel totally fine.
Kazuki: You're clearly an exceptionally healthy girl. I seriously doubt a little dirty water would have much of an effect on you. This dog, however, appears to be a rather delicate creature, so I think boiling its drink first might be wise.
Amane: Uhm, you're kind of hurting my feelings, for the record.
Kazuki: We have a supply of sterilized water back at the camp, so we'll give you some of that. Think you can be patient?
Narration: *Although it almost certainly didn't have the first clue what Kazuki's words meant, the little dog responded with a high-pitched bark and began wagging its tail happily.*
Kazuki: I see. Good boy.
Amane: Huh? No way... You talk to dogs, Kazuki? Seems totally out-of-character...
Kazuki: ...Excuse me... I do have a bit of a girly side in my own right, for your information.
Amane: Aah... Well, I guess I can buy that...
Narration: *Kazuki did seem likely to turn into one of those hard-working career women, the hard-assed middle manager in pantsuit who ends up blazing right past marriageable age without sparing the time for men―*
Narration: *And this was exactly the sort of dog she'd be keeping in her apartment to help distract from the loneliness of her existence.*
Narration: *Working like a maniac during the day, chewing out her male underlings at every opportunity, earning the intimidated awe of the other women, getting herself the ignominious title "Tyrant Queen of the Office"...*
Narration: *Then rushing home to her apartment at night, greeting the fluffy ball of fur waiting at the front door with a sugary "Mommy's home, poopsie" or something―*
Narration: *Then proceeding to pamper it with gourmet meals, maybe even dressing it up in little sweaters... keeping up a simpering stream of baby-talk all the while...*
Amane: I just imagined your future in the real world for a second... and I'm about ready to cry...
Kazuki: I see... I must admit I'm rather curious to hear the details of this delusion, but for the sake of my mental health, it seems wiser to abstain...
Kazuki: In any case, we've finished washing the bandages, so shall we return? We've got to bring this fellow back to his owner, after all.
Narration: *With those words, Kazuki bent down and scooped up the dog playing at her feet into her arms.*
Amane: Ah, Kazuki, that's gonna be hard with only one good arm, right? I'll take the doggie for you.
Kazuki: Oh? All right, if you'd be so kind.
Amane: Hm? Huh...? He doesn't seem to like the idea. It's okay, doggie, c'mere. What's wrong, little guy?
Kazuki: Goodness. Do dogs tend to dislike you, Amane?
Amane: No, not really. This is kind of weird... I mean, why's he so attached to you, Kazuki? Did you make friends with him before?
Kazuki: No. I did know Komori-san had brought a pet dog with her, but this is the first time I've seen it. I don't even know his name.
Narration: *Komori's love for dogs was well-known among the team members, and I'd heard about her puppy, but this was my first time seeing it as well.*
Narration: *Komori had been so anxious and lonely at the prospect of being separated from her dog during the sleepaway training camp that she ended up smuggling it in with her.*
Narration: *At the planning meeting before the trip, she'd timidly tried asking the captain for official permission to take her pet along as a companion, but―*
Narration: *Naturally, the answer was a curt "School trips are not your personal vacation."*
Narration: *But Komori simply couldn't bring herself to leave the puppy behind. In the end she decided to hide the animal in her sports bag, then apologize once we arrived at the campground and the deal was done.*
Amane: What breed of dog is this, anyway? A Maltese?
Kazuki: It's a Shih Tzu, isn't it? Do all toy dogs look like Maltese to you?
Amane: C'mon, Maltese and Chihuahuas are the only miniature breeds I can even think of off the top of my head. Ah, I guess toy poodles too.
Kazuki: I quite literally don't think I could care less. Hurry up and take the dog, will you? He's surprisingly heavy.
Amane: Well, I am trying, but...
Narration: *When I reached out toward it, the tiny dog bared its fangs and gave a sharp bark of warning.*
Amane: ...It kinda seems like he hates my guts... I just don't get it.
Kazuki: Did you wrong the animal somehow? Snatched away some of his food, perhaps...?
Amane: ...Kazuki... I'd love to know where you're coming from here. What exactly makes you think I'm a greedy pig with a fondness for dog chow?
Narration: *If anything, dogs tended to like me, and I didn't remember mistreating this animal in the five minutes I'd known it.*
Narration: *It almost felt like... rather than having a problem with me in particular, the dog just didn't want to be carried by anyone other than Kazuki.*
Amane: Maybe this guy... just decided you're the alpha?
Kazuki: ...What? Oh... As in the way pet dogs designate one member of their household the "leader of the pack?"
Amane: Yeah, that's right. I'm just guessing here, but maybe this guy instinctively sniffed out the closest thing to an alpha dog we've got?
Kazuki: Why would that be me? There are plenty of bossier individuals in our group, aren't there?
Amane: You really think so, don't you...? That's kind of amazing, in a way...
Kazuki: What is?
Narration: *That dog seemed to have recognized Kazuki as the alpha of the pack. Not the captain, not our teacher.*
Narration: *Titles don't mean much to an animal, but they're sensitive to confidence, pride, and "bossiness." And to be honest, I don't think there were many people who could compete with Kazuki on any of those fronts.*
Kazuki: ...Anyway, I suppose that means I'll be carrying him back after all? Honestly, is his owner even paying attention?
Narration: *In the next moment, as if to answer Kazuki's mild mutters of complaint, we heard the panicked voice of the girl in question.*
Komori: A-kuuun! A-kuuun! Where are youuu!? Come on out, okay?
Amane: That voice... It's Komori-san, isn't it? Is this chihuahua seriously named "A-kun?"
Kazuki: I'm telling you, it's a Shih Tzu.
Amane: Komori-saaaan! This way! We've got him over here!
Kazuki: ...My ears...! Don't start screaming all of a sudden!
Amane: Huh? Ah, sorry... Kazuki, you kinda hate loud noises, don't you?
Kazuki: Unlike you, I'm a small and delicate creature...
Amane: Okay, can you please stop making me out to be some kind of crude, indestructible bear?
Komori: A-kun!
Kazuki: If you mean "Alione," we've got him right here.
Narration: *The instant Kazuki lowered the dog to the ground, it trotted over to Komori-san and jumped into her waiting arms.*
Komori: Ah, thank goodness... He just vanished all of a sudden, you know? I was really worried.
Amane: Hey, uh... what's "Alione?"
Kazuki: The dog's name.
Amane: Huh? Why do you know its name? You just said you didn't... Ah, I get it, did you reason it out from the "A-kun" abbreviation somehow?
Kazuki: No. It has a collar with a nameplate.
Amane: Oh, is that all...? That's no fun.
Kazuki: Look here... Not even I could possibly have gotten from the single letter "A" to "Alione," you know? Can you please resist the urge to think of me as some all-knowing superhuman?
Amane: Yeah, I guess it's a bit of stretch. But in your case, I wouldn't be that surprised if you accurately predicted the next ten years of someone's life just from hearing their favorite number or something...
Kazuki: Excuse me? Have you perhaps mistaken me for some kind of soothsaying witch...?
Amane: Uh, c'mon, I didn't go that far...
Narration: *...That said, if someone were to tell me they'd seen her brewing potions in a cauldron by moonlight, I don't think I would've dismissed the story out of hand.*
Komori: Thanks for finding him. I only looked away for a second and he vanished just like that... I've been searching for ages.
Kazuki: He seems to be rather thirsty. Are you keeping him properly hydrated?
Komori: ...Yeah... but he's got a really weak stomach, so he only drinks special water. And the supply I brought for him is already running low...
Komori: Ah! Wait, did you give him some of that water!?
Kazuki: No. We thought it prudent not to let him drink unpurified water without consulting his owner first.
Komori: Oh, thank goodness! Thanks, that was really considerate of you...
Kazuki: That's quite all right. I'm fond of dogs myself. This is a cute one... A boy, yes?
Komori: Yeah, that's right! His mom was Diana, second place in her category at the national dog show last year! And his dad...
Narration: *"Crap... this seems like it's going to last a while..."*
Narration: *For the disinterested layperson, listening to the prideful boasts of a dog fancier is sheer agony.*
Narration: *Well then, how can I make my escape? Maybe I should just counterpunch and start lecturing these two about the relative merits of the TE27 and 510 Bluebird? But as I was idly pondering these matters―*
Narration: *From the sky above the quiet forest, usually silent but for the cries of birds and the whispering of branches, there came a soft but distinctive sound of propeller blades tearing through air.*
Amane: ...Kazuki!!
Kazuki: ...!!
Komori: That sound...
Amane: It's a helicopter! A helicopter rotor!
Komori: We've gotta get back and tell everyone...!
Amane: C'mon, let's hurry!
Narration: *We broke into a desperate run, craning our necks to watch the sky through cracks in the trees.*
Narration: *The sound of the helicopter's rotor blades grew louder by the second. Soon, even the howling of its turboshaft engine was perceptible through the din.*
Narration: *Knowing that it was coming closer by the moment, we couldn't help but shout pointlessly for their attention.*
Narration: *When we reached the camp, everyone had already gathered underneath an opening in the canopy. Waving their arms furiously, they shouted to the sky.*
Narration: *"Hey!! Down here!!"*
Narration: *Our voices were powerless, but still we rubbed our throats raw.*
Narration: *Some of the group was frantically gathering whatever wood and grass they could, using old magazines from the bus as kindling in an attempt to produce smoke.*
Narration: *Others were picking up baseball-sized stones from the ground and throwing them into the sky with all their might, even knowing it was futile.*
Narration: *"This isn't enough... we need something to really announce our presence..."*
Narration: *I sprinted to the bottom of the ravine, my legs burning with exertion. Crawling into our overturned bus, I stumbled frantically down its length to the driver's seat.*
Narration: *At my first violent twist, the key caught stubbornly in the ignition and refused to turn.*
Narration: *After a few fumbling moments, I pulled the key all the way out, then jammed it firmly back in. After what seemed like an eternity, the cylinder finally moved to ON.*
Narration: *"...Please! Please notice!"*
Narration: *I pressed down on the horn button at the center of the steering wheel with all the strength I could muster.*
Narration: *A grating electronic sound echoed in the air, shaking my eardrums; but all too quickly, the powerful blast of the horn ate away at what little charge was left in the battery. The volume decreased with every passing second.*
Narration: *And as the helicopter slowly passed overhead, the droning of its blades all but erased every other sound in the valley.*
Narration: *Soon enough, that noise diminished into the distance and was gone.*
Narration: *We did what we could...*
Narration: *We tried everything.*
Narration: *But there was no way to know if it had been enough.*
Kaneda: What do you think!? Did it work!? Did they notice us!?
Sakuma: How are we supposed to know!?
Ibuki: Weren't they flying off to the right originally!? They changed course and passed over us, didn't they!? Maybe that means they realized we're down here!
Captain: Then why did they fly off!? If they noticed us, wouldn't they circle around or hover directly above!?
Ritsu: Maybe they weren't out here looking for us! That might've been a private helicopter! Couldn't they just be calling for help on the radio or something!?
Komori: T-That's definitely possible! Or maybe their fuel was getting low, so they had to return temporarily! They'll be back again soon! That's got to be it!
Narration: *In that moment, we were all united in a surge of hope. It wasn't just the prospect of immediate salvation.*
Narration: *We had spent nearly two full days in this place, an isolated "island" devoid of any hint of human presence.*
Narration: *It was beginning to feel as though the rest of the human race might just have vanished from the earth in the instant we plunged off that cliff. And then, that helicopter passed by.*
Narration: *Even if we they didn't notice us this time, another chance would come.*
Narration: *We weren't stranded on some uncharted island. We were within eyeshot of a road that connected to the normal world, where our normal lives were waiting for us.*
Narration: *Another chance would definitely come.*
Narration: *Everyone believed that. Unquestioningly.*
Narration: *We watched the sky until it grew dark. Evening arrived with surprising swiftness.*
Narration: *―In the end, the helicopter did not return that day.*
Amane: Hey, Kazuki... what was that helicopter, you think...?
Kazuki: Who knows? I'm not particularly knowledgeable, but it seemed to be a tandem-rotor variety. Perhaps a CH-47 Chinook or what have you?
Amane: Uh, okay, but... I wasn't really asking about the model...
Kazuki: Ah. In other words, you're wondering whether it was a rescue helicopter searching for us, or a private helicopter that simply happened to pass by?
Amane: Yeah... I guess that's it...
Kazuki: Most likely the latter. Helicopters of that sort are usually owned and operated by the US military, or perhaps the JSDF... Either way, I doubt it would be used for a civilian rescue operation. Most likely, it just happened to pass by.
Amane: I was afraid of that...
Kazuki: It's nothing to be depressed about. If the area's part of their route, it's entirely likely they'll pass by again. Let's just make sure they can't ignore us next time.
Amane: And how would we do that, specifically?
Kazuki: Let's see... When that helicopter passed by today, Sakuma-san threw rocks in its general direction, didn't she?
Amane: Not that she came even close to hitting it...
Kazuki: Right. But for next time, we can chop down some trees in the forest and construct ourselves a catapult.
Kazuki: And once that's ready, we might as well load it with a nice hefty boulder. Slam that into their windshield, and I think they'll notice us whether they want to or not.
Amane: ...Uhm... if you actually hit them with a boulder, wouldn't they just crash...?
Kazuki: All the better for us. If we shoot it out of the sky, they'll no doubt send a whole flock to look for the one that crashed. We can pick them off one by one.
Amane: ...What's the point of picking them off... Aren't we trying to get help here!?
Kazuki: Just a little of my specialty Spartan-style humor. Teeheehee.
Amane: ...Take your teeheehee and shove it...
Narration: *Not funny, Kazuki.*
Narration: *...You're one to complain about my jokes being in "bad taste"...*
Narration: *When I closed my eyes for a moment in exasperation, my head drooped to the side. My body was urging me to collapse.*
Narration: *That was more than enough for tonight...*
Narration: *Tomorrow would probably be another brutally hot day.*
Narration: *But for the moment, the night breeze was chilly against my skin. Following Kazuki into our tent, I wrapped myself tightly in my sleeping bag, and within minutes sunk like a stone into oblivion.*

Narration: *―The third day in the valley.*
Narration: *When society slumps into an economic recession, it seems high-achieving graduates from elite universities often have an even harder time finding employment than their less brilliant peers.*
Narration: *Normally, you'd think businesses facing difficult times would want skilled new employees to help them turn things around, but―*
Narration: *When a company's focused entirely on treading water and protecting the status quo, providing good positions for intelligent and ambitious new hires can be very difficult.*
Narration: *And if you're just going to be wasting hotshot talent on trivial chores, might as well just hire cheaper, less skilled workers to start off with. Or so the thinking goes.*
Narration: *As for why I'm bringing this up all of a sudden: it recently occurred to me that Kazami Kazuki's situation within our team is something like that of the elite graduate in a recession.*
Narration: *She has exceptional, even unique skills; in terms of raw ability she's in a different league from Captain Sakashita. But since her rank is "freshman," the very bottom of the totem pole, that talent puts her in an awkward position.*
Narration: *Everyone recognizes and respects Kazuki's intelligence, but that doesn't mean they're ready to overturn our familiar system of authority. Mainly because nobody knows where they'd stand in the new pecking order.*
Narration: *Kazuki told me that "pride" isn't inherently a bad thing. The way she sees it, a moderate sense of self-respect can be a "balm for the soul." But still... an overdose of medicine is just another way of poisoning yourself.*
Kazuki: Amane, where are you? Amane?
Amane: Over here, Kazuki.
Kazuki: Ah, so that's where you'd gotten to. Writing in that diary again, are you?
Amane: Yeah, what can I say...? It's a habit, I guess... I just scribble down the stuff that pops into my mind when I have some free time, that's all.
Kazuki: Well, I approve. Precisely because we're in such an extraordinary situation, keeping up what familiar routines you can has a valuable calming effect―
Kazuki: And keeping a diary in particular is an opportunity for focused consideration of recent events, which often helps you gain an objective and rational perspective on your situation. I believe the act has meaning in its own right.
Amane: Uh... it's not like I was really writing it with any of that stuff in mind, you know...?
Kazuki: That's what a diary is, whether you know it or not. I often keep one myself.
Amane: You do...?
Kazuki: Yes, although I don't write it on paper.
Amane: What's that supposed to mean?
Kazuki: It means my diary is stored entirely in my mind.
Amane: Wait, so... you're writing down the stuff inside your head... inside your head?
Kazuki: I've got one brain for common memory storage functions, and another specifically designated for preserving diaries. From what the doctors tell me, I have five distinct brains up there. Maybe six.
Amane: ...Seriously...?
Kazuki: It's a joke, of course.
Narration: *As always, Kazuki's attempt at a joke wasn't amusing in the slightest.*
Narration: *The idea of her having half a dozen brains stashed away somewhere like some biological supercomputer felt far too plausible. I felt more like shuddering than laughing.*
Amane: Okay, so? Did you need me for something?
Kazuki: Ah, that's right. Do you think you could go pick me some chameleon plant leaves?
Amane: Chameleon plants? That really smelly weed with the little flowers...?
Kazuki: That's right. There was quite a lot of it growing wild by the stream, wasn't there? I'd like you to pick me some.
Amane: ...Ugh... Don't tell me we're going to eat that stuff?
Kazuki: Well, I think it is edible in a pinch, but... this time, we're using it for medicinal purposes.
Amane: Medicine? What kind?
Kazuki: An anti-itch remedy. Our stock of medicine is growing severely low, so we need to begin preparing substitutes where we can. If possible, some mugwort would be nice as well...
Amane: ...Mugwort... Isn't that the stuff they mix in those bright-green dumplings...? What kind of plant is it?
Kazuki: You've never seen any? It's a very commonplace wild herb almost anywhere in the country...
Amane: Aah... I might not look it, but I'm a city kid, you know? I've made mugwort dumplings in the restaurant, but we used a pre-processed paste, so...
Kazuki: That's unfortunate. Oh well...
Narration: *Kazuki pursed her lips and glanced around the area. Her gaze settled on Koide Ritsu, who was sitting idly on top of a rock nearby, apparently not quite sure what to do with herself.*
Kazuki: Koide-san, I'd like to go pick some herbs with my partner. Could you perhaps head to the big tent and look after Hirooka-san and Sakurai-san while I'm gone?
Ritsu: Oh, uhm... Okay... but...
Kazuki: Don't worry, it shouldn't be too troublesome a task. You just need to wipe their sweat and give them a little water at regular intervals. Would you be so kind? I'll be back very soon.
Ritsu: ...All right...
Kazuki: Okay then, shall we go?
Amane: Are you sure about this...?
Kazuki: What do you mean?
Amane: I mean... Koide-san's...
Narration: *She was Captain Sakashita's partner. If our leader were to find out Kazuki had been ordering her friend around, I had the feeling things might get ugly again...*
Kazuki: I don't see the problem. She didn't seem to have anything else to do, now did she?
Kazuki: And considering our circumstances, having nothing productive to do probably feels rather awkward. I imagine she's fairly relieved not to be sitting around looking like a shirker.
Amane: Ah, yeah...
Narration: *Our supply of food was limited and shrinking. Under the circumstances, idle hands could be seen as a drain on our resources. The sick and injured had no choice, but for those of us still healthy, there wasn't much excuse for being anything less than proactive.*
Narration: *Koide-senpai's partner, Captain Sakashita, was currently off investigating the area with Mr. Ochi.*
Narration: *Why hadn't they taken Koide along on their survey?*
Narration: *Did they simply decide she would've slowed them down? I couldn't think of any other reason they would've just ditched her here...*
Amane: Hey, why do you think they left her behind, Kazuki?
Kazuki: Let's see... Perhaps the captain's simply displeased with Koide-san at the moment?
Amane: Why would she be?
Kazuki: On our first day here, as I was preparing to treat the wounded... I asked Koide-san to bring some water to a boil, did I did not?
Amane: Yeah, you did.
Kazuki: And Koide-san used some of our bottled mineral water for the purpose. Without first asking the captain's permission.
Kazuki: When the captain snapped at her about it, I do believe Koide-san answered "But Kazami-san told me to do it..."
Amane: Aah... in other words, the captain didn't like the way she referred to you as a greater authority... right?
Kazuki: That's correct. By obeying my order without question, I think Koide-san may have earned herself the label of "enemy sympathizer" as far as the captain is concerned.
Amane: ...Unbelievable... What a thing to worry about at a time like this...
Kazuki: I believe the captain herself understands she can't very well make her displeasure explicit right now... but she most likely can't help feeling irritated. It's just the way girls are, wouldn't you say?
Amane: ...Well... maybe so...
Narration: *Female friendships tend to be power-based. Specifically, when girls choose their friends, they pick someone they think of as an "inferior."*
Narration: *A girl inferior in academics.*
Narration: *A girl inferior in appearance.*
Narration: *A girl inferior at sports.*
Narration: *Anything will do; as long as they're a clear inferior in some respect, we can graciously and confidently "allow" them to become our friend.*
Kazuki: "I let you become my friend out of the goodness of my heart, and this is how you repay me? If you like that other girl's orders better, why don't you just go be HER friend now?" Something along those lines, perhaps.
Amane: But if that's the problem, why isn't the captain angry at everybody else too? When you get right down to it, everyone's doing what you tell them...
Kazuki: Doing what I tell them...? I'm not sure that's exactly the right way to put it.
Kazuki: If we implemented a plan, the individual who proposed it would assume responsibility for its success. I offered the alternative of putting things on hold for a while. I think everyone may have simply defaulted to agreeing, out of reluctance to commit themselves to action.
Amane: You think? I mean, I'm pretty sure everyone thinks you're a genius, Kazuki. I think we all figured your advice wouldn't lead us wrong...
Kazuki: I believe I've already told you, but I dislike being called a "genius." Don't get the idea it's a title to be jealous of, all right? When you become a genius, what you gain isn't admiration so much as envy and enemies.
Amane: That right?
Kazuki: Yes, it is. That would be the reason I had no friends. I'm quite glad I finally managed to find a tolerant and persevering young lady like yourself, Amane.
Amane: ...Thanks, I guess... Uh, so... Kazuki, you seriously didn't have any friends?
Narration: *Well, she definitely didn't have the most outgoing personality. I couldn't picture her going out and trying to make a friend.*
Narration: *I'd spent most of three days glued to her by now, but if not for that accident it was hard to imagine we would've ever gotten to know each other like this.*
Amane: ...If you stopped with the mocking body language, and the ruthless honesty, and the way you never let an argument drop, I think you'd be able to make some friends.
Kazuki: In other words, you're telling me to become a different person entirely?
Amane: Well... I guess you could look at it that way...
Kazuki: At this point, wouldn't such a change leave everyone more disturbed than anything else?
Amane: Doesn't it get lonely?
Kazuki: I've got you at the moment, and I have my little brother. I don't think of myself as particularly lonely.
Amane: ...Kazuki, you have a brother!?
Kazuki: Yes, I do indeed.
Amane: So, what? Does he take after you?
Kazuki: Hmmm... not especially, to be perfectly honest.
Kazuki: Unlike me, he resembles our mother, so... I guess you could say his kindness is the element that stands out. He's a sweet little thing.
Amane: Really...? So, is he crazy smart, too?
Kazuki: Hmm... I wonder? I don't think he's stupid... but he's overly honest and rather awkward. And since he's my younger brother, he can't escape being compared against me―
Kazuki: As a result, a bit of hard work isn't enough to earn him much in the way of recognition, I'm afraid... He seems to be growing quite self-conscious about it lately.
Amane: I see...
Narration: *Not surprising, I guess... Kazuki would be one incredibly hard act to follow. Everyone would naturally be expecting great things of her brother.*
Narration: *Held up against the standard of his elder sister, the best achievements of a normal person would seem commonplace. At most, you could hope for a tepid "Just what I'd expect from Kazuki's brother"―*
Narration: *But any minor mistake would get you a disappointed look that might as well be saying "Are you really related to that genius?" I couldn't help but feel a twinge of sympathy.*
Amane: That must be pretty rough...
Kazuki: Avoid the temptation to pity him. It only makes him feel all the more miserable.
Amane: Ah... yeah... sorry...
Kazuki: There are certainly many people who've expressed disappointment with my brother. His own parents among them.
Kazuki: But he's very important to me, and I love him very much.
Kazuki: The rest is noise. Even if everyone else in the world despises him, it wouldn't change the fact that I love him more than anyone else.
Amane: That's going a little overboard... You're talking about your little brother here, you know?
Kazuki: Is it that odd? Well, I do understand my feelings are somewhat on the extreme end of the spectrum, but surely a big sister who's sweet on her little brother isn't so rare.
Amane: "Sweet?" You? Sweet!?
Narration: *I'd always viewed Kazami Kazuki as something like a walking beaker of acid in a school uniform... "sweet" struck me as the single least appopriate adjective you could possibly apply to her.*
Kazuki: What's so surprising about that? It's only natural to be affectionate toward your little brother, wouldn't you say? For what it's worth, I do try my best to be a kind elder sister...
Amane: Out-of-character! Totally, absolutely, disturbingly out-of-character!
Narration: *Kazuki? The girl who'd probably take one look at the classic abandoned puppy in a cardboard box on a rainy day, tell it "Fate is cruel. I suggest you curse the heavens," and then walk right off without batting an eyelid? Kazuki, of all people, a doting big sister!?*
Narration: *I impulsively pulled my cell phone out of my pocket and checked the date.*
Amane: Huh!? It's not April first today, right!?
Kazuki: You're being exceptionally rude. I'm a human being, you know? Of course I care about my brother. When he's troubled, I try to comfort him, however clumsily. Like any decent sister would.
Amane: ...No kidding...?
Narration: *Kazuki was such a dry-eyed, tough-minded person that I guess I figured she was "above" any form of deep emotional attachment...*
Narration: *To be honest, I could easily imagine her looking down on her newborn brother in a hospital incubator, muttering something like "What do you think you're doing? I don't recall giving you permission to be born. You've thrown off my plans, whelp..."*
Kazuki: ...Excuse me... Are you perhaps thinking something astoundingly rude at the moment?
Amane: Nope! Not at all! Nothing to see here!!
Narration: *When Kazuki fixed those inky blank eyes on me, it felt as though she was glaring right through my skull and into my thoughts. Flustered, I shook my head in denial.*
Amane: Hey, is your little brother really as cute as all that?
Kazuki: I'd say so... It's often difficult to resist the urge to kiss him.
Amane: Hmm...
Narration: *Hearing all this was getting me a little interested in seeing him for myself.*
Kazuki: I've given in to that temptation countless times by now, but kissing him never seems to get old.
Amane: ............
Amane: ...Huh?
Narration: *Given in to temptation? Uh, kissing... her brother?*
Narration: *Ah... on the cheek or something? Right?*
Narration: *I didn't have any brothers, so I didn't quite get it, but... maybe that wasn't too out of the ordinary for a close pair of siblings...*
Kazuki: Yes indeed. For example... when I squeeze him close and thrust my tongue into his mouth, he tends to tremble ever so slightly even as he's desperately trying to coil his tongue around mine. It's truly adorable.
Amane: ...Wha...
Narration: *Huh? She thrust... her tongue? In her brother's mouth...?*
Narration: *Even for siblings... uh, no, ESPECIALLY for siblings... wouldn't that be downright abnormal?*
Narration: *Just what was this girl doing to her brother...?*
Kazuki: ...Is something wrong? Your face has turned rather red.
Amane: Uhm, hey... if I started giving you a lecture on, uh, morality, would you just laugh me off?
Kazuki: That would depend entirely on what you have to say.
Narration: *"Her actions are subtly mistaken in a number of ways; please identify them. Show your work. (5 points)"*
Narration: *Kazuki's way of showing her affection for her sibling was clearly "wrong." I never expected to be explaining a fundamental mistake like this to her, of all people...*
Narration: *When I gently prodded her for more information, I soon discovered she was still taking baths with her brother.*
Narration: *While Kazuki's body wasn't exactly well-developed, she did have curves in the right places. Bathing with your brother at that age is more than a little... dicey, right?*
Narration: *Even at the best of times, the love between a brother and sister is built on a fairly precarious balance. And little miss genius here had definitely taken things well beyond the tipping point―*
Narration: *During their baths together, it seems she would stretch open her genitals for her brother's observation, describing various sexual functions in detail. By this point, I was fighting the urge to cut my losses and run screaming into the trees.*
Narration: *Skirting around the larger issue, I gingerly pushed the conversation along by hinting that the baths really needed to stop... prompting her to inquire "Is sleeping together at night also off-limits?" in a slightly dejected tone of voice.*
Narration: *And when I went soft, mumbling something about "maybe every once in a while," she fired off a cheerful "So, is it okay to peel his skin back and forth every once in a while? Just for fun."*
Narration: *Peeling your brother's skin is what passes for fun in your book? I mean, what do you even mean by... oh. His foreskin, is it? Right. I see. Okay then.*
Narration: *Uhm, hey, mind if I ask you something? To be honest, I feel a little silly asking a question like this to the infamous prodigy Kazami Kazuki, but I just can't help myself. I'm burning with curiosity. Here goes.*
Narration: *Hey... might you be completely out of your goddamn mind?*
Narration: *Okay, look, "This is the only way of life I know" really isn't helping me deal with this, you know? Can you cut a girl a break here? Aaaagh...*
Amane: ...I mean, hasn't anybody warned you about this before...? For example... your mom, or something...?
Kazuki: Now that you mention it... when we were younger, I seem to remember her saying "Make sure you don't do that outside"...
Amane: ...Uh, so it's okay at home...?
Narration: *It sounds like their mother made some mistakes here as well... Some pretty fundamental ones, actually...*
Narration: *It wasn't hard to imagine Kazuki's home must've been an unusual place, since it was the environment that produced a super-genius... but this freakish lack of common sense was well beyond my expectations...*
Amane: Anyway, it's just... wrong. At this rate, there's no way your little brother is going to grow up into a decent person, you know?
Kazuki: You think? I do take his upbringing quite seriously, in my own way...
Amane: Do I even want to ask what that means?
Kazuki: I've been raising him into a young man who can say a proper "thank you."
Amane: ...Huh? What's that supposed to mean...?
Kazuki: It means exactly what it sounds like. It's a wonderful thing to be able to honestly express your gratitude to another, don't you think?
Amane: Hmm... I guess...?
Kazuki: Think of it this way. Your little catchphrase "I'm sorry" is a valuable thing when judiciously applied, isn't it? Being able to swallow your pride and apologize when you've caused someone trouble is a wonderful thing.
Amane: Well, maybe so...
Narration: *I wasn't trying to make it my "catchphrase"... but I was taught from a young age that "If you think you did something bad, apologize first an' make excuses later." It was a major pillar of the vinegary education in manners I received from my mom.*
Kazuki: This is no different. People who can offer thanks to others will have a happier road through life than those who can't. Don't you agree?
Amane: ...True enough...
Narration: *It may be a subtle difference, as often as not.*
Narration: *But if you can remember to show your gratitude in small ways, never taking the goodwill of others for granted, your life will probably end up ever-so-slightly the richer for it.*
Amane: Huh? Kazuki... did you actually say something kinda profound just now?
Kazuki: You really are rather rude today. When are my words anything but profound? If you collected all my pithy remarks, I expect "The Collected Wisdom of Kazami Kazuki" would sell quite nicely at a 1890 yen price point. Tax included.
Amane: What's with the depressingly realistic markdown pricing...?
Narration: *What publisher would make a hardcover edition of that, anyway? I could just picture it... "Chapter One: Taking a bath with your little brother is not a crime!"*
Narration: *...Maybe the better question is... what's the target audience for a book written by a woman who molests her own little brother...?*
Amane: ...A bath, huh... Come to think of it...
Narration: *It had already been three days since the last time I washed myself. Three days I'd spent in a humid ravine... wearing the same unwashed school uniform.*
Narration: *I pinched my clothes and brought my fingers to my nose, then quickly jerked my head back at the raw, sharp body odor they carried.*
Amane: Ugh, nasty... Hey, Kazuki... do I smell?
Kazuki: As long as people are alive, they're sweating and shedding skin. At the moment, your scent is somewhat reminiscent of a chameleon plant. Or perhaps a muggy mid-summer subway platform.
Amane: Oh gross... I wanna take a bath...
Kazuki: Our supply of water is hardly a problem, so why not take a dip? Sakuma-san, for one, came up to me and inquired about the possibility immediately after we found the spring.
Amane: ...Huh? Is that okay?
Kazuki: It certainly is. In fact, neglecting our hygiene might give rise to skin diseases or the like―
Kazuki: And given that fact, we've already obtained blanket permission from the captain, so there's no political problems either. I've bathed several times myself, and found the water quite pleasant.
Amane: Hey... Why didn't you tell me about this!? Or invite me along, for that matter!? We're a pair, right!?
Kazuki: Well, because I don't want to be naked next to you, of course. Can you imagine the misery of a mini-car parked next to a luxury sports sedan?
Amane: ...Why a car analogy?
Kazuki: I figured it'd be easier for you to understand.
Narration: *I mean, what's the problem with mini-cars? I love 'em, for your information.*
Narration: *They're cheap and easy to maintain, for one thing. But more importantly, they're incredibly light― and a wise man once said "when it comes to turning, nothing beats a low-weight car," you know?*
Amane: So is this why I noticed you disappearing every once in a while, Kazuki? You were sneaking off to take secret baths?
Kazuki: I didn't particularly "sneak" anywhere... But no matter. After we've gathered the medicinal plants, how about you go straight to the spring and take a bath?
Amane: Sounds like a plan...
Narration: *A bath sounded fantastic, but we had other priorities. While picking the mugwort and chameleon plants we planned to use for medicinal purposes, Kazuki and I took the opportunity to search for vegetation that looked edible.*
Narration: *It was the third day of our imprisonment in this ravine.*
Narration: *Perhaps in the very beginning, we'd assumed the vibrant mass of nature that trapped us here would also provide us with a steady supply of wild vegetables. But that optimism evaporated the moment we actually began to explore the "jungle."*
Narration: *True, carefully surveying the woods turned up something in the way of edible-looking vegetation, but the vast majority were fern sprouts, honeywort, chrysanthemum greens, and other leafy plants―*
Narration: *More garnish than main course, none of them could fill the bellies of a group of growing teenagers. As an added bonus, pretty much all of these wild grasses and flowers proved strongly unpalatable.*
Narration: *Eaten raw, they were unbelievably bitter, and most gave off a sharp, nasty scent; even when boiled, the harsh, caustic taste of lye usually remained. Seasoning to disguise the flavor was an absolute necessity.*
Narration: *The first of our supplies to vanish was the curry powder. Thanks to its strong smell and powerful taste, it violently drowned out the taste of any individual ingredient. It was our magic pixie dust, transforming anything into a tolerable meal.*
Narration: *On the day of the fall, we'd each been distributed two tiny single-serving packets of curry powder to last us three days. Even combining my share with Kazuki's, our four packets didn't amount to much at all.*
Narration: *Although Kazuki had entrusted me with all of our precious supply of food, she got downright angry when I tried to make curry croquettes using the powder and some potatoes.*
Narration: *She was always strictly lecturing me about keeping our portions as small as possible, but any ingredient containing anything in the way of salt was a particular obsession.*
Narration: *Her argument: Sodium can't be produced inside the human body. Therefore, ingesting it from the outside is absolutely necessary.*
Kazuki: ...I think there was a Chinese professor who extracted raw minerals from plants and refined them into salt, wasn't there?
Amane: Huh? What're you taking about all of a sudden? Maybe there was and maybe there wasn't... I don't have a clue.
Kazuki: I just now remembered that I'd read something of the sort in a young adult science magazine, but... unfortunately, I believe a large amount of raw plant material and fairly sophisticated processing equipment was necessary...
Amane: Is salt really that important?
Kazuki: Right now, your body is still working through your reserves of sodium, so it's managing to cope with the shortage. But if this situation drags on and our state of malnutrition advances, our need for salt will eventually become dire.
Kazuki: So for now, I want to stockpile as much as possible.
Amane: Well, for what it's worth, I've been doing like you said. I go really light on the salt, and I hid half our initial supply away and haven't touched it...
Kazuki: Keep that hidden until the very end. And do not under any circumstances tell anyone you've done so.
Amane: ...Okay... If you say so...
Narration: *What's the point of having salt if there's no food to put it on? If anything, it seemed like we should be stockpiling stuff that could fill our stomachs, not a condiment...*
Narration: *Since the fall, we'd been getting by on potatoes, carrots, and the weedy vegetation we picked from the forest. Without any meat or rice in our diet, we were starved for protein and carbohydrates alike.*
Narration: *If we had to make a meal out of these scraggly, bitter plants, I'd at least have liked to stir-fry them with a little crumbled bacon... flavored with a generous helping of butter and soy sauce. And steaming white rice on the side.*
Narration: *That's right... rice.*
Narration: *We still had a supply of that being held in reserve, didn't we?*
Narration: *On the second day of our training camp, heavy rain had cancelled our plans to cook a big curry dinner outdoors. We'd been eating many of the ingredients from that meal, but not the rice it would've been served on.*
Narration: *In other words, we had a five-kilogram sack of perfectly good rice sitting in a tent somewhere. Just when were they planning to distribute that?*
Narration: *There was no point in whining about bacon when we didn't have any, but I wanted some rice pretty badly. A nice fluffy bowl on the side would make a main dish of fried weeds seem a lot more tolerable... Aah, and if we had some shimeji mushrooms to throw in, it'd be...*
Amane: ...Ah... mushrooms...
Kazuki: Pardon me?
Amane: Hey, Kazuki! What about mushrooms!? They grow just fine in the mountains, right!? Let's hunt for mushrooms!
Kazuki: I would advise strongly against that. Mushrooms are dangerous.
Amane: Why? Come on, I bet you'd be able to tell the poisonous kinds from the edible kinds, Kazuki...
Kazuki: I have a certain amount of knowledge from my reading, but mushrooms vary widely by region, and I have no practical experience.
Kazuki: Gathering mushrooms with nothing but a book as a guide is an excellent way to poison yourself... Such cases are all too common even in modern times. Mushrooms are off limits.
Amane: I remember hearing that mushrooms with straight vertical gills are okay to eat, though...
Kazuki: That's an old wives' tale. There are quite a number of mushrooms with neatly vertical gills that are fatally poisonous. I don't blame you for the thought, but stay away from mushrooms.
Amane: ...Aw... It seemed like such a good idea...
Kazuki: Well, I suppose you could always feed a few to a girl you dislike. If she doesn't start vomiting up blood within two or three days, we can all eat the rest.
Amane: That joke's in seriously bad taste...
Kazuki: What joke?
Amane: ............
Narration: *Although she smiled lightly, Kazuki's voice wasn't amused in the slightest.*
Narration: *She was quite seriously and neutrally informing me of a potential exchange: if we wanted edible mushrooms, we would have to sacrifice someone first.*
Narration: *At the moment, we had edible plants, unappetizing as they might be. There was no need to risk death for the sake of a few mushrooms.*
Narration: *But if we were to eat up all the shoots and flowers and herbs, where was our next meal going to come from?*
Narration: *If we're forced to eat mushrooms, who takes the first bite?*
Narration: *A road to survival we couldn't follow yet... A road not all of us could travel―*
Narration: *Was Kazuki thinking of something like this when she spoke those words...?*
Narration: *Yesterday morning... had she already predicted that I would suggest gathering mushrooms...?*
Narration: *All of a sudden, her steady voice seemed strangely cold. I suppressed the urge to shiver.*
Kazuki: None of us want to die, now do we? Come, let's finish up here and be on our way.
Narration: *With those words, Kazuki bent down and began to put away the plants we had gathered in the mess kit rice cooker we were using as a makeshift bucket.*
Amane: ...Y-Yeah...
Narration: *"None of us want to die."*
Narration: *Those brief, perfectly obvious words sent a cold shock through my body.*
Narration: *None of us were hiding our grief or anxiety particularly well anymore. Everyone was nervous; everyone was scared.*
Narration: *But I realized something from the spasm of terror I felt in that moment: somewhere deep inside, we were probably still in denial. We were still optimistically averting our eyes from the cruel reality.*

Narration: *―The fourth day in the valley.*
Narration: *As expected, another hot one. As early as mid-morning, it felt about 90 degrees out, if not worse.*
Narration: *Spending time in the lush, humid "jungle" under such conditions would drain our energy surprisingly quickly, so we were told to limit our investigations of the area to the early hours of the day, before the temperature reached its peak.*
Narration: *"Investigating the area" might sound nice, but to be perfectly honest, we were just foraging for food.*
Narration: *Everyone had long since burned through the "three day's worth" of food distributed to us on the first night. From today on, the system was changing: we'd be getting our daily rations from the captain every morning.*
Narration: *And that morning, she handed me a handful of rice... less than a cup's worth. That and maybe a quarter of an onion. This was to make do for me and Kazuki both.*
Narration: *When I tentatively asked if this was supposed to be one meal, she firmly repeated "This is for the day."*
Narration: *It wouldn't have been enough for anyone, let alone young girls with growing bodies; we were expected to make up the shortfall by heading into the forest and procuring our own. As a result, most of us were forced to devote the majority of our active time to searching the woods for food.*
Narration: *Fortunately, my partner Kazumi Kazuki had as small an appetite as her diminutive frame would suggest. And even when all I could offer was a thin gruel of rice and mountain weeds, she ate steadily away without a single complaint.*
Narration: *If anything, the problem lay in my direction.*
Amane: ...This is no good... That wasn't even close to enough...
Kazuki: Since your body is large, Amane, your basal metabolic rate is likely high. I imagine you expend a good deal of energy even at rest...
Narration: *Kazuki glanced over as I sucked regretfully on my gruel-soaked chopsticks, gave a little laugh, and helpfully compared me to "An American gas guzzler in human form."*
Kazuki: I know it might be slightly unappetizing to pick at my leftovers, but would you like the rest?
Amane: ...That's your share, Kazuki...
Narration: *I was honestly all too eager to gobble down any morsel offered to me, leftovers or not.*
Narration: *Even so, it would've been a dire mistake to accept Kazuki's kindness.*
Narration: *If our pair was a body, I was the hands and feet, while Kazuki was the head. No matter how healthy the limbs may be, they can't move unless the brain's functioning.*
Amane: It's fine... I'll drink some tea and tough it out...
Narration: *Of course, our "tea" was nothing more than hot water flavored with onion skins.*
Narration: *It wouldn't fill my stomach, to be sure. But from what Kazuki had told me, the skins were rich in anti-oxidants that would reduce the stress on my body, providing something of a "detox" effect.*
Narration: *As I slowly sipped away at the reddish-brown tinted water, I looked around the campsite.*
Narration: *Unsurprisingly, many of the others were sitting listlessly on their silver sleeping mats, their arms wrapped around growling stomachs.*
Amane: ...Hey, is it okay to just let them do that?
Kazuki: Hm?
Narration: *Clearly, I wasn't the only one longing for something to supplement our inadequate meals.*
Narration: *A group of three girls had sat themselves down in a tight circle, with Sakuma-senpai at their center―*
Narration: *They were playing cards with a deck somebody must have brought along, gambling for small snacks and pieces of candy they'd been secretly hoarding. It was a common sight lately.*
Kazuki: Well, what's the harm? They seem to be enjoying themselves. Why don't you join in?
Narration: *Kazuki put her hand in her skirt pocket and pulled out a single chocolate bar.*
Kazuki: I'll provide your stake, so if you win, we'll split the profits 50-50. All right?
Amane: ...Huh? But...
Kazuki: If you lose... let's see... how about we have you skip snacks today?
Amane: We don't have any friggin' snacks in the first place... And if someone's going to play, shouldn't it be you?
Kazuki: The game wouldn't be much fun if I were to play, now would it? Also, I've got my hands full with the wounded. Koide-san's looking after them alone at the moment, but it seems she feels rather uneasy when I'm not around.
Amane: ...Is it really okay to be playing games at a time like this...?
Kazuki: Precisely because we're in such desperate circumstances, it's all too easy to get caught up in ugly thoughts when you're bored. And people need to relax and let off steam. Running around pointlessly all day long only makes your stomach emptier.
Kazuki: Also, don't think of this as a mere "game." As my partner, defeat is no longer an option for you.
Kazuki: It may be nothing more than a card game, but I expect you to approach it with steadfast determination to gain the maximum possible profit. Even if that means trampling others into the dust.
Amane: ...Determination...?
Kazuki: Once you take the first step, you never turn back. That's a rule of mine.
Amane: I don't really get it, but... I'll give it my best shot...
Kazuki: I look forward to your report of overwhelming victory.
Narration: *Having said her piece, Kazuki turned on her dainty heel and walked off confidently.*
Amane: ...Overwhelming victory, huh...?
Narration: *Setting the bar a little high, aren't we?*
Narration: *Well, I guess if you had talent like Kazuki's it might well turn out that way, but it seemed like a downright unreasonable expectation to place on an ordinary person like myself.*
Narration: *Of course, if I had said as much to Kazuki, I'm sure she would've given me another talking-to... "Victory is secured only through the steady accumulation of effort and unflagging attention to minor precautions," or whatever.*
Narration: *I was pretty sure she'd already told me something very similar, in fact.*
Amane: ...Uhm, let's see...
Narration: *I had actually been making something of a habit of jotting down Kazuki's words of advice over the days we'd spent together.*
Narration: *"Do your utmost to avoid placing yourself in a position where you'll be forced to rely on chance."*
Narration: *"When the time comes to use a card, play it without hesitation."*
Narration: *"Betray before you're betrayed."*
Narration: *"Once someone has betrayed you, never trust them again."*
Narration: *"Don't let anyone realize you don't trust them."*
Narration: *"Remember to chew your milk before you swallow."*
Narration: *...Not that I really understood most of them... especially the last one there... Chew your milk? Some kind of a metaphor, maybe? Well, whatever.*
Amane: Uhm, would it be all right if I joined in too?
Sakuma: Hm? Fine by me, but do you have something to bet?
Amane: Ah, well... I've got some chocolate...
Sakuma: Heh, no kidding. You were still hiding something that good?
Amane: No, I wasn't particularly hiding it... I mean, this is actually something Kazuki had with her...
Sakuma: It's Kazami's? She doesn't seem like the sort to have a sweet tooth. Kind of surprises me she had candy on her.
Narration: *I couldn't deny it seemed a little out-of-character for Kazuki to be carrying chocolate around.*
Narration: *That said, at this point I wouldn't really have been "surprised" if she pulled a pigeon out of a hat. She was clearly capable of anything.*
Sakuma: Anyhoo, chocolate is a very welcome contribution to the pot. Take a seat.
Amane: Ah, yeah.
Narration: *What should we do next?*
Narration: *What's going to become of us?*
Narration: *How long before we can go home?*
Narration: *Immediately after the fall, every word coming out of our mouths boiled down to a variation on one of those three sentences.*
Narration: *But as of that morning, the litany of unanswerable questions had finally trickled to a halt.*
Narration: *By our fourth day in the valley, we'd started to adapt psychologically. Harsh as our environment was, we had our tents to shield us from the elements and our sleeping bags to keep us warm at night. As we began to find comfort in such things, we were gradually growing calmer.*
Narration: *With the provisions distributed on the first day gone, and our daily rations reduced to a bird's helping of rice, it was only natural that the topic of our conversations shifted from such vague anxieties to the concrete topic of food.*
Kaneda: ...I could really go for some cheese right now...
Narration: *While studying the cards she'd been dealt, Kaneda-senpai muttered those words to no one in particular like some kind of prayer.*
Narration: *Her love for dairy was well-known to the team. When practice ended and the freshmen took orders for their obligatory snack run to the nearby convenience store, she'd always request "something cheesy."*
Sakuma: No point in asking for the impossible, you know?
Kaneda: I do understand that, but... Come on, I'm pretty sure you were just talking about how you wanted something sweet, Senpai.
Sakuma: Well, we've actually got some of that, don't we? Candy, gum, sweet pretzels... and looky here, Amane's brought us some chocolate. What a thoughtful present.
Ibuki: Got to agree... That chocolate looks awful good right now... It's the sweetest thing we've got...
Narration: *Three sets of eyes focused intensely on my bar of chocolate. It felt almost like they weren't seeing anything else. For a moment, I physically cringed.*
Narration: *If all three of them were to pounce at once, I would've been completely unable to defend myself.*
Narration: *As I bit my lower lip and swallowed nervously, Sakuma glanced up and abruptly burst into laughter.*
Sakuma: Haha, settle down there. It's fine.
Sakuma: True enough, we've been eatin' nothing but nasty, bitter weeds lately, so we're kinda starved for a little sweetness. But that doesn't mean we're childish enough to start a fight over a little chunk of chocolate.
Amane: ...Yeah, of course not.
Ibuki: Well, if Ozawa-senpai was here, it might be a different story.
Narration: *As she spoke, Ibuki discarded a pair of cards from her hand.*
Narration: *True enough, Ozawa wouldn't have handled this situation well. Her juniors hadn't called her the "Devourer Demon" behind her back for nothing.*
Narration: *Insensitive as it seemed, I couldn't help but think her instant death in the bus crash had at least spared her from otherwise inevitable agony. Perhaps she'd been lucky, in a way.*
Kaneda: ...Come to think of it, what happened to Ozawa-chin's bag?
Sakuma: ...Her bag?
Kaneda: You know, that girl was always packing her bag full of sugary stuff, right? If we had that, I bet we wouldn't be lacking for sweets for a while.
Amane: We gave all the personal belongings of the girls who died to Mr. Ochi as soon as we got them out of the bus...
Sakuma: Which would mean the captain's got it in reserve after all, huh...?
Narration: *Just then, I glanced absent-mindedly at the chocolate bar in my hand and did a bit of a double-take.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, Kazuki was the one who'd retrieved Ozawa-senpai's belongings from the bus.*
Narration: *Could this possibly be... something Kazuki secretly swiped from her bag...?*
Sakuma: Hm? What's wrong, Amane? It's your turn.
Amane: Ah... right! Sorry!
Narration: *Instinctively apologizing for no particular reason, I pulled the furthest card on the right from Sakuma's hand.*
Narration: *She chuckled softly. I'd taken the worst possible card off her hands.*
Narration: *The Joker.*
Narration: *If it's with you at the very end, you've lost the game.*
Narration: *For a moment, the smirking clown staring back at me from the cheap, laminated playing card seemed to be wearing Kazuki's face.*
Kaneda: When you get down to it, the captain and Koide pair is controlling all the food, right? You don't think they're stuffing themselves and giving us their scraps, do you?
Narration: *From the cards I offered her, Kaneda pulled out the eight of spades.*
Sakuma: I'd sure like to think not... Whatever else you can say about her, Sakashita's got an unusually strong sense of responsibility. I'm pretty confident she's not the type to make herself comfortable at everyone else's expense.
Ibuki: I wonder about that.
Narration: *Ibuki pulled a card from Kaneda's hand, then discarded a newly formed pair onto the central pile. By this point, she had only four cards remaining.*
Ibuki: Sure, Captain Sakashita likes to talk about "responsibility," but when things go wrong it always seems to be someone else's fault... The way I see it, she's just good at passing the buck. I can't stand her sometimes.
Sakuma: Heheh. There it is, Buki's "can't stand" catchphrase. You really do try your best to hate anything and everything, don't you?
Narration: *As Sakuma-senpai leaned over toward her, Ibuki's cheeks flushed slightly red. She thrust out her remaining four cards in front of her roommate's face as if trying to keep her at bay.*
Ibuki: Taking everyone at their word like that is just soft-hearted! I'm not going to be someone's patsy!
Ibuki: Maybe some saintly idiots out there can get cheated out of their money and just think "Thank goodness, there wasn't a sick child after all!" But I'm not one of them!
Sakuma: You're so cute when you're trying to be cynical, Buki. Incidentally, don'tcha think you should cut your hair already? If you got those bangs out of your eyes, you'd be even cuter.
Ibuki: Mind your own business! I like this hairstyle just fi... he... geez! Don't touch me!
Kaneda: Uhm, could you guys save the flirting for your private time, please?
Narration: *Wrinkling her brow as if trying to hold back an imminent sneeze, Kaneda flapped her hand in the air in a signal to "Get on with the game already."*
Kaneda: I can't waste too much time. Thanks to Komori's dog, my pair's got a useless mouth to feed, so our rations vanish even faster... Stuck-up little mutt won't touch any of the wild plants we gathered, either.
Ibuki: Ah, come to think of it, aren't dogs meat-eaters?
Amane: I think they're omnivores, maybe? I've seen dogs out on walks in my neighborhood munching away at random weeds on the side of the road.
Sakuma: Oh, right, what was it? They eat some veggies because an all-meat diet gives 'em nasty heartburn, or something?
Kaneda: But we tried to give him some of that onion they handed out this morning, and he totally turned up his nose at it.
Ibuki: You can't feed a dog onions. Doesn't it give them anemia?
Kaneda: Huh? Really?
Sakuma: Chocolate's supposedly no good too.
Ibuki: Not that you'd want to waste any you had on a dog, anyway.
Kaneda: Aah... well, yeah... I kinda told Komori something similar, and ended up feeling a little guilty. Spent all morning wandering around the woods looking for something a dog might eat.
Ibuki: Hmmm... did you find any truffles or anything?
Sakuma: Huh? Don't you need a pig for that?
Amane: Either way, the dog's not the only one with problems. We're not going to last that long gnawing on weeds...
Narration: *Having waited three days, we could hold out another seven. That was Kazuki's estimate.*
Narration: *We'd stay here for another week, sipping on weed soup. If our rescuers hadn't arrived by then, we'd have no choice but to go get help ourselves.*
Narration: *Most likely, the captain was preserving a stock of food for that purpose. But when I said as much, Kaneda scowled dubiously.*
Kaneda: ...Go get help? How are we going to do that, exactly?
Narration: *As she spoke, Kaneda scratched irritably at the bandage wrapped around her forehead. The wound underneath must've been growing itchy in the humidity.*
Amane: We'll decide on a representative, give them a supply of water and food, and have them climb down the mountain.
Kaneda: If we could get off this mountain, we wouldn't be sitting around here. How is anyone supposed to get through that forest? It's not like there's a trail to the bottom. Five minutes in there and you don't even know which way you're going any more.
Amane: Right, but that's why Mr. Ochi and the captain are still out there investigating...
Kaneda: Sure, their little survey mission sounds nice in theory, but it seems like the only thing they're accomplishing is burning calories. If anything, we should just have everyone wander off in different directions and hope someone gets out.
Amane: ...C'mon... that's not...
Narration: *We didn't have nearly enough provisions for a gamble like that, and we couldn't just abandon the wounded.*
Narration: *There was only one practical plan. Endure as long as we could on these meager rations, claw open a path through the wilderness that trapped us here, hope all the while for the arrival of our rescuers―*
Narration: *And then, once our investigations yielded something in the way of landmarks, send off a representative with three days worth of food.*
Narration: *When another three days passed, we could send off a second representative. By following the signs the first had left to mark the surest trail, they should make it further down the mountain.*
Narration: *Lashing one short "stick" to the next, slowly but surely we would draw closer to our objective. This was an idea that had grown out of Kazuki's theoretical "digital communication" plan.*
Narration: *If we could repeat this often enough, in theory we would eventually be able to escape. But there were no guarantees, and I found myself hesitant to explain.*
Ibuki: Can we not fight? That's an even more useless waste of calories, any way you look at it.
Kaneda: Who's fighting? We're just having a discussion, right?
Ibuki: Look, that nasty tone of voice is exactly what I'm talking about. There's no use in snarling at Amane, now is there?
Kaneda: When the hell did I "snarl" at anyone!?
Sakuma: Kaneda... let's just drop it. You too, Ibuki.
Narration: *I've often heard that a calcium deficiency makes you prone to fits of irritability, but―*
Narration: *At that moment, although all of our diets were badly unbalanced, the main cause of our crankiness was clearly the constant, gnawing hunger we all shared. It's easy to be polite on a full stomach, as they say.*
Narration: *In the end, we kept at our game of cards until Captain Sakashita and Mr. Ochi returned from their expedition. I finished with a so-so record of three defeats and four victories.*
Narration: *In exchange for three of the twelve blocks of chocolate from my bar, I obtained four pieces of soft candy wrapped in aluminum foil.*
Narration: *Against the contrast of my slightly dirty palm and muddy fingernails, those spoils of war looked irresistibly beautiful.*
Narration: *I brought one to my nose and inhaled deeply. At the bittersweet scent of strawberry wafting through the wrapper, my mouth was instantly overflowing with drool.*
Narration: *There were four candies in my palm. If I popped one in my mouth right now, nobody would ever know. It wouldn't even be a net loss to my group; I would have lost three small pieces of chocolate, and brought back three comparable chunks of sugar.*
Narration: *As my thoughts raced unbidden through these calculations, I swallowed the spit in my mouth. But as it slid lukewarm down my throat, I came to my senses with a guilty jolt.*
Narration: *It would be dishonest, unfair, cowardly to eat one now. Nothing less than a betrayal of Kazuki. And once I betrayed her, I would probably continue to do so.*
Narration: *That was a line I couldn't cross.*
Kazuki: ...Something on your mind, Amane?
Amane: ...Eek...!
Kazuki: Why, what's wrong?
Amane: ...Ka...zuki... you're just playing dumb so you can tease me, aren't you?
Kazuki: Whatever are you talking about? I'm afraid I don't understand in the slightest.
Narration: *It really seemed like a deliberately-timed appearance on her part... but even if it was a coincidence, Kazuki's "luck" to appear at that exact moment would've been frightening in its own right.*
Narration: *After one long, deep breath, I jerked my head down in a bow of apology.*
Amane: I'm sorry, Kazuki... I was thinking about eating some of the candy without telling you...
Kazuki: Goodness, how very honest of you. If you'd kept silent, I wouldn't have had the first idea either way.
Amane: That's exactly why it was wrong of me...
Narration: *I held out the soft candies I'd won in the game and the remains of the chocolate bar to Kazuki.*
Narration: *Cupping her hands gently over mine to receive them, Kazuki flashed me a satisfied smile.*
Kazuki: It's quite all right. I left everything in your hands precisely because I understood you wouldn't be able to do such a thing... Here, open wide.
Amane: ...Huh? Uhm...
Kazuki: Say aaah.
Amane: ...Uu...
Narration: *Kazuki deftly unwrapped one of the candies she'd received from me, then plopped the small white pillow into my half-open mouth.*
Kazuki: Is it tasty?
Amane: ...Y-Yeah...
Narration: *The candy was unbelievably sweet to my tongue―*
Narration: *My entire mouth was instantly flooded with the taste of sugar, and in the next moment it felt as though that vibrant sweetness was seeping into my veins and spreading throughout my body. That single piece of candy was so delicious I was actually trembling.*
Narration: *Kazuki watched affectionately as I rolled my eyes up in bliss and swirled the candy clumsily around in my mouth, then popped another of the candies into her own mouth―*
Narration: *And with the words "Goodness, it really is tasty," smiled in pleasure.*
Kazuki: Then again, I think sugary snacks like this might taste even better when snarfed down stealthily by yourself.
Amane: ...Why do you say that?
Kazuki: That's how it works for my little brother. He's an oddly abstemious one, at least superficially... He doesn't even act particularly happy if you give him a favorite treat. He prefers to hold onto it until he can be alone, then gobble it down in secret.
Kazuki: When I asked him why, he said jumping for joy might encourage someone to snatch it away from him, and it's easier to relax and enjoy it when he's alone...
Kazuki: He already understands that people are most vulnerable in moments of celebration. Not that I'd expect anything less from my brother, but it's quite a penetrating insight for his age. And that warped, submissive aspect of his personality is adorable in its own right.
Amane: I kinda get it...? Maybe not...
Kazuki: Well, ignorance may be bliss on this one. No reason to identify with those of us who're helplessly awkward even with our own family...
Narration: *"Family."*
Narration: *That brief word resonated painfully inside me. It felt as though an icicle had unexpectedly pierced my chest to the core.*
Narration: *What were my parents doing right now? Worrying about their missing daughter...?*
Narration: *It was a little past five o'clock. Normally, I would've been heading home from after-school practice right about that time.*
Narration: *I tended to come home a little hungry from practice. The refrigerator would be packed full of sweet drinks; on the kitchen table, more snacks than I could possibly need were always waiting for me.*
Narration: *After a satisfying snack, I could head to the bathroom and take a long, luxurious soak in steaming hot water―*
Narration: *Then cool down with a cup of cold milk, idly distorting my voice in the electric fan while my mother prepared dinner.*
Narration: *Without even asking, my parents offered me more food than I could eat. I accepted it without a second thought, often without even a word of thanks. That stupid, ungrateful ignorance filled me with bitter shame―*
Narration: *But at the same time, comparing myself then to the filthy, frightened girl who'd just quivered ecstatically over a single piece of candy, I couldn't repress a surge of miserable self-pity.*
Kazuki: ...Amane? Why are you crying?
Amane: ...Huh? I'm... not crying.
Kazuki: Take a look around you.
Narration: *As instructed, I looked around the area, only to find it deserted.*
Kazuki: There's no one else around. It's just you and me...
Narration: *There's no need to hold back.*
Narration: *The instant those words left her mouth, I felt the tear glands swell up in the corners of my eyes. My self-restraint crumbled like sand, and I burst into violent sobs.*
Amane: ...Aaah... *Hic*... *Sob*... Uuuu...
Narration: *Crying wasn't going to fix anything. Nobody was going to swoop down and rescue me. No matter how much I grieved over my own powerlessness and ignorance, there were no do-overs to be had. What was done couldn't be undone.*
Amane: I wanna go home... I wanna go home, Kazuki...
Narration: *Hiding my twisted, wretched expression behind the palm of my hand, I crumbled to my knees on the spot. Without a word, Kazuki drew near, wrapped her arms around my head, and hugged me against her slender stomach.*
Narration: *Pathetic. Utterly pathetic.*
Narration: *When I was still a child, there was a girl among the neighborhood kids who'd break into tears at the slightest thing. I remember thinking of her as a nuisance. A stupid useless crybaby.*
Narration: *If I weep, somebody will come help me; somebody will take pity on me and solve my problems for me. The transparent self-interest behind her actions was just as irritating as the blubbering itself.*
Narration: *And now, I'd become just such a worthless, moaning crybaby, rubbing my runny nose against the belly of a girl considerably smaller than me. Sobbing into her skirt.*
Amane: ...I'm sor... Kazuki... I'm sorry... I'm so sorry...
Kazuki: It's all right. Don't worry about it... Listen to me. It's going to take time, but... I will get you home safe and sound in the end. I promise...
Narration: *As she spoke, Kazuki took one arm from around my head and began to softly stroke my hair.*
Narration: *My family wasn't with me. There's no way such a pointless, clingy little breakdown could've been anything but irritating to anyone in this place. They were all suffering just the same.*
Narration: *But even so, Kazuki didn't push me aside. She held me gently in her arms and accepted it all, offering me soothing, hopeful words.*
Narration: *That kindness was painful in its own right, but at the same time it felt like an irreplaceably precious gift.*
Amane: ...Aren't you sad, Kazuki...? Don't you want to go home...?
Narration: *Turning my face up from Kazuki's belly, I met her gaze with watery eyes and mumbled a distinctly childish question. She gave a little laugh, her stomach shaking lightly against me, and answered "Don't worry about me. I'm a genius."*
Kazuki: Well, to answer your question more specifically, of course I want to go home. I'm rather anxious that my parents may be bullying my little brother in my absence...
Narration: *Closing a single eye, Kazuki furrowed her brow and pursed her lips.*
Kazuki: If it was going to turn out like this, I should've imitated Komori-san's example with the dog and smuggled my brother along in my bag. A failure on my part.
Narration: *...No, I'm pretty sure that wouldn't have worked out too well for you.*
Narration: *With one final, loud sniffle, I found my sobs had given way to a small burst of laughter.*
Amane: Aha... so even geniuses fail, I guess?
Kazuki: Of course they do. What makes a genius is the ability and determination to transform such failures into a bump on the road to success. Those who never realize that will stay mediocre throughout life.
Amane: Geniuses have it rough in their own way, huh...
Kazuki: If you're composed enough to be worrying about my struggles, perhaps we could bring the crying to an end now?
Kazuki: They do say a woman hasn't really come into her own until a grown man cries into her stomach, but... you're an adolescent girl, and I'm beginning to find it somewhat annoying.
Amane: ...Heh... You're pretty cruel, Kazuki.
Kazuki: That's an unfortunate interpretation. If it were possible, I'd be perfectly willing to tuck you into bed and read you picture books until you cried yourself to sleep, but...
Kazuki: We have neither a bed nor picture books at the moment, so I'm afraid my hands are tied.
Amane: Yeah, sorry, I think I'm okay now... It's kind of weird. I have no idea why I broke down like that all of a sudden.
Kazuki: Make sure you lick the tears from your cheeks, all right? It's a waste of precious sodium. Also...
Narration: *Kazuki reached out, took my hand, and dropped all the remaining candy and chocolate onto my palm.*
Kazuki: I'll leave these with you. They're quick, easily-absorbed calories in a convenient package, which means they're very valuable; keep them safe, and do not touch them until I say you can. Understood?
Amane: Okay... got it...
Narration: *If Kazuki was entrusting me with such important provisions, it was clear she genuinely trusted me.*
Narration: *I absolutely couldn't betray that trust.*
Narration: *Biting my lower lip at this heavy sense of responsibility, I stared intently at the chocolate in my hand. Watching my reaction, Kazuki sighed slowly through her nose.*
Kazuki: I don't dislike that serious personality of yours, but please don't confuse your over-active "sense" of responsibility with your actual responsibilities.
Kazuki: That habit of approaching everything as a trial to be stoically endured reminds me rather painfully of my little brother. People like that tend to die young, you know?
Amane: Responsibility and my sense of responsibility...? What's the difference?
Kazuki: Your responsibilities are the burdens you must carry. A "sense" of responsibility is what leads people to shoulder weight they need not bear. Don't lose sight of that distinction.
Amane: I don't really get it... but I'll, uh, do my best to act like I do...
Narration: *I don't get it. But I don't need to get it, either.*
Narration: *If Kazuki says so, that's the way it is.*
Narration: *I was aware I'd taken the easy path in letting someone else think for me. But honestly, I didn't really care anymore.*
Narration: *A clumsy idiot who tries to take a heavy burden on their shoulders won't achieve anything but catastrophic failure. I understood that just fine even before Kazuki drove the point home.*
Narration: *For that very reason, I'd decided to obey her orders without a second thought.*
Narration: *Kazuki told me I couldn't eat that candy without her permission, so I would sit on my haunches slobbering like a dog until she spoke the magic words.*
Narration: *If permission never came, I'd wait out the years and carry them to my grave.*
Narration: *In this situation where nothing seemed certain except uncertainty, the one and only thing I had come to believe in was Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *I kept the thought to myself, since I was well aware she'd only offer another sarcastic "Might you be mistaking me for God?" in response―*
Narration: *But at this point, I would probably have answered "Huh? You're not?"*
Narration: *That was what Kazami Kazuki had become for me.*

Narration: *―The fifth day in the valley.*
Narration: *Let's begin from the conclusion: Today, it rained all day long.*
Narration: *To be honest, I had no idea rain could be this unpleasant.*
Narration: *The constant drumming of water against the tent was unexpectedly loud, enough to make conversation difficult, and the light entering the tent was far dimmer than usual. Thanks to my strong astigmatism, everything seemed fuzzy and indistinct, so it was extremely difficult to do much of anything.*
Narration: *But the bigger problem was the rain water that oozed up from the ground beneath us and the damp chill it brought. This morning, I woke to a real double-whammy: the psychological jolt of emerging from a familiar nightmare, and the physical pain of a throbbing headache.*
Narration: *I'd piled two mats under my sleeping bag last night, but when I came to I was soaking wet. My body temperature had fallen as I slept, and the chilled blood running through my veins had numbed the blood vessels in my brain.*
Narration: *Even after waking, my calorie-starved body struggled to warm itself.*
Narration: *My teeth chattering uncontrollably in my mouth, I stared reproachfully up through the tent at the merciless sky.*
Amane: ...Uuuugh... I'm so cold, Kazukiii...
Narration: *Changing out of my wet clothes might've helped matters somewhat... if my spare outfit hadn't been soaked through as well.*
Narration: *I hit on the idea of a hot drink after a few minutes, but it was pouring outside the tent.*
Narration: *Starting a fire would've been difficult, and more importantly, the fierce sound of rain striking against the canvas had thoroughly drained me of the willpower to even poke my head outside.*
Kazuki: Want another cup of onion tea?
Narration: *Apparently unable to just sit back and watch, Kazuki had ventured out in the midst of the downpour for my sake, bringing back boiling water for our onion-skin extract beverage.*
Narration: *...The stuff was never really worthy of the name "tea," but by now we'd let those same skins seep so many times it was little more than faintly yellow water.*
Narration: *Of course, I was plenty happy to have even that, and Kazuki's act of mercy contrasted so strongly with my own cowardice that I felt about ready to cry with gratitude―*
Narration: *But when I glanced over at her sitting there, her wet hair matted like a stray dog's coat, I couldn't exactly fire off a casual "Sure, a refill would be nice." My hands still gripping the empty cup, I slowly shook my head.*
Amane: This storm is awful...
Kazuki: Yes indeed. There was quite a lot of loud thunder just before dawn, although it seems it wasn't enough to wake you up.
Amane: Well, I guess I was vaguely aware of some loud sounds, but yeah...
Narration: *Even when the roars jolted me awake for a moment, my listlessness quickly overwhelmed me again. I simply didn't have the energy to wake up that early.*
Narration: *Immediately after the fall, I'd been unable to sleep through the night. As I dozed lightly with frequent interruptions, the morning often seemed to sneak up on me before I knew it.*
Narration: *But lately, that had changed dramatically. Once I managed to doze off, it was very difficult to wake up; more and more, falling asleep felt like sinking into a thick bed of mud.*
Amane: I guess I'm just tired...?
Kazuki: I think you're exhausted emotionally more than physically... Also, the biggest factor is that you're simply beginning to grow used to this place.
Kazuki: When you're sleeping in an environment that's both harsh and unfamiliar, your unconscious mind is not only processing memories, but also maintaining a vigilant awareness of your surroundings. Your eyes will spring open at the smallest sound.
Narration: *That sounded plausible, now that she mentioned it. The first few days sleeping in the tent, the stirring of a neighbor "next door" would be enough to jerk me awake, and my eyes would open automatically at the first light of dawn.*
Narration: *In that respect, Kazami Kazuki was an ideal tentmate. Once asleep, she'd lie so still in her bag I sometimes half-worried she'd suddenly died in there. I never once heard her snore or grunt in her sleep.*
Narration: *Lately, Kazuki had been sleeping on a very regular schedule.*
Narration: *We'd start preparations for dinner at 6:30 PM and finish our meal by 7:00 (Or what passed for a "meal" at this point, at least)...*
Narration: *By 8:00 I'd notice her stifling small yawns, and around 9:00 she'd come out and declare herself "sleepy."*
Narration: *At 10:00 she would crawl into our tent, cheerfully spread out her sleeping bag, take off her uniform and leave it neatly folded at her bedside―*
Narration: *And the instant her head hit the rucksack she used for a pillow, she'd exhale noisily just once and go silent. Within ten seconds, I'd hear the soft, regular breathing that indicated she'd fallen asleep.*
Narration: *Of course, I couldn't flip the switch to sleep mode quite so easily or on such a predictable schedule. My conversational partner lost, I had very little to do with myself late at night―*
Narration: *So until I managed to fall asleep, I'd stave off boredom by staring at Kazuki's sleeping face.*
Narration: *After a few minutes in dreamland, she'd occasionally make faces in her sleep: most often furrowing her brow in a caricature of troubled thought, sometimes smiling dopily at nothing in particular.*
Amane: Hey, Kazuki, do you have dreams?
Kazuki: ...Let's see... When I grow up, I'd like to be a nurse. Or a florist. Running a little pastry shop would be lovely as well.
Amane: That's not what I'm talking about...
Narration: *And in the first place, what's with the half-assed attempt at pretending you're some run-of-the mill girl with cutesy little dreams...?*
Narration: *Forget being a nurse, you'd be much better suited to the role of a black market surgeon with a tattered old doctor's robe... Florist? Cupcake peddler? Try "con artist." Maybe the founder of some sketchy cult?*
Kazuki: Aah... so by "dreams," you're referring to the ones we see while asleep? Of course, I dream in that sense as well.
Amane: What sort of dreams do you have...?
Kazuki: Today, I found myself reliving a moment from soon after I entered our school, when I was somewhat bewildered by the confusing self-service system in the cafeteria.
Kazuki: For me, such dislocated memories of the past seem to be the most frequent. I can't say I have many of the more symbolic, flying-through-the-sky variety.
Amane: ...No kidding...? Lately, I've been having a lot of dreams where I fall from a high place...
Narration: *I've had dreams of the sort ever since I was a child. Most often, I'm falling from the top of a cliff. As the ground beneath my feet crumbles to nothing and I plunge downward, I stare in quiet composure at the earth far below.*
Narration: *My thoughts are oddly calm. "Ah, guess I'm going to land right about there." And as long as I keep that detached perspective, I never seem to hit the ground.*
Narration: *But eventually, it occurs to me that I'm dreaming. In the next moment, I slam into the earth and jerk awake in my bed, my whole body rigid with shock.*
Narration: *What might a dream like that signify? Kazuki's answer was brief: "It means you're uneasy."*
Narration: *Other than "falling," my most common dream was probably of the "running" variety.*
Narration: *This very morning, I had found myself fleeing some vaguely defined but menacing pursuers.*
Narration: *A countless number of black shadows hot on my heels, I was pushing my way desperately forward through oily, thick air, dragging my strangely heavy legs along the ground.*
Narration: *The illusion was unusually persistent. Even when I realized it was a dream, it kept its hold on me. Just as I began to beg myself to wake up, my eyes had slowly opened to the sensation of that throbbing headache.*
Narration: *I turned on my cell phone briefly to check the time. Apparently, it was already past 2:00 PM.*
Narration: *The rain was still hammering fiercely down. By now, the tent was half submerged in muddy water; there was nothing to do but curl myself up in my heavy, wet uniform, rubbing my arms and trembling from the cold.*
Narration: *Although I was doing nothing at all, my stomach was still growling; and although my stomach was growling, it was still raining outside. Thinking of the time it would take to start a cooking fire, I lost all motivation to try.*
Narration: *What were the other girls doing right now...?*
Narration: *I took a quick glance out the entrance of the tent, but there didn't seem to be anyone moving through the downpour. They must've all been quietly enduring the storm in their tents.*
Narration: *The steady drumming of the rain was the only sound I could hear. The cries of the cicadas, so vigorous and persistent when the weather was clear, were utterly gone; so too the eerie shrieks of the unseen birds hidden in the treetops above.*
Amane: ...Kazuki...?
Narration: *Suddenly wanting to hear another human voice, I called Kazuki's name. There was no response.*
Amane: ...??
Narration: *When I looked over, I found Kazuki sitting on her sleeping mat, just as before. But at some point, her eyes had fallen closed.*
Amane: Aah... right, it's two o'clock...
Narration: *Every day, Kazuki would take a nap sometime between two and three in the afternoon.*
Narration: *It was never more than a quick 15-minute doze, so the first few times I thought she'd just nodded off out of exhaustion―*
Narration: *But it happened every day at roughly the same time, so it soon became obvious this little siesta was part of her schedule.*
Amane: ...You don't have to sleep sitting up, you know...
Narration: *Nobody's going to complain if you lie down like a normal person...*
Narration: *Of course, considering the minor flood we had going on in here, that probably wouldn't be a much more relaxing option at the moment... This was a grave problem indeed. We'd have to think up a countermeasure of some sort before it happened again.*
Narration: *But the damp floor isn't the only inconvenience brought on by the rain.*
Narration: *For one thing, writing in this diary isn't easy when the pages are wet.*
Narration: *And unfortunately, I've been in the grips of a much more serious dilemma for a little while now.*
Narration: *Probably thanks to that big mug of onion tea this morning, I'm currently enduring a desperate need for a visit to the "bathroom."*
Amane: ...Uu...
Narration: *The urge to pee was painfully intense, requiring constant effort to restrain. My pen trembled against the diary pages as I wrote.*
Narration: *I surveyed the interior of the tent, but found nothing that might serve as a makeshift umbrella or raincoat.*
Narration: *...When this rain lets up, I'm going straight to the captain and proposing we cobble together an outhouse with a roof.*
Narration: *I'm making a special note of that here so it can't possibly slip my mind.*

Narration: *―The sixth day in the valley.*
Narration: *After a full day of unrelenting rain, we woke to a blessedly clear morning.*
Narration: *Our life here has begun to assume something of a rhythm.*
Narration: *Initially, our mornings were a bit chaotic, with people crawling out of their tents at random times. But recently, everyone's been waking up by 6:00 AM at the latest... Although it would be more accurate to say they're being forcibly woken up.*
Narration: *Naturally, the one beating the stragglers out of bed is none other than my partner, Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *Of course, that doesn't mean she literally goes around thrashing them. That would be much too inefficient. The recipient of her violence is the bottom of an anodized aluminum cooking pot.*
Narration: *15 minutes before the 6:00 AM wakeup call, Kazuki dangled the pot in question from a tree branch, and began to whale away on the metal surface with a wooden sword she's nicknamed the "punishment rod", producing a piercing series of clangs―*
Kazuki: 15 minutes until morning muster!!
Narration: *―Then shouted a wake-up call in full military style.*
Narration: *What's the deal with that "punishment rod," anyway?*
Narration: *Sadly, it's nothing more than a crude wooden sword we'd used to split watermelons as part of our recreational activities at the camp. And when someone as tiny as Kazuki brandishes it around, it looks less like a weapon and more like a prop for some corny slapstick routine.*
Narration: *Ten minutes after that initial wakeup came the signal for "folding hammocks" - apparently we're on an old-fashioned battleship now? After five minutes to roll up our sleeping bag and mat, the pot received another vigorous thrashing for the 6 AM muster. "All hands" lined up in front of the tents for roll call.*
Narration: *Obviously, this is all pretty annoying, and at first there were a lot of complaints―*
Narration: *But when forcefully informed that "Fixing a regular schedule of activity in order to reset your body's internal clock is the fundamental basis of a sound health maintenance plan!" nobody had enough of a counter-argument to voice open objections.*
Narration: *And so, every morning the entire group gathers obediently in a line for the daily physical.*
Narration: *Or as the seniors refer to it behind our backs, "Professor Kazami's tour of inspection."*
Narration: *These health check-ups amount to little more than a quick interview about any ailments, followed by any words of caution the "Doctor" has to offer―*
Narration: *But considering our isolation and general cluelessness, Kazuki's extensive knowledge has become something of a reassuring guidepost for many, so this daily advice is fairly well received. For the most part.*
Narration: *As the comparison to an imperious doctor sweeping around their hospital might suggest, Kazuki has a retinue on these rounds. I tag along beside her from one patient to the next, taking notes in the memo pad we'd devoted to medical records.*
Narration: *The summary I jot down at the end of the page doesn't change much from day to day.*
Narration: *"No major problems, given the circumstances."*
Narration: *To rephrase, everyone's suffering from varying degrees of malnutrition, but they're not about to keel over and die today or tomorrow.*
Narration: *After the general inspection, we turn our attention to those who'd suffered external injuries... that is, Kaneda and the cut on her forehead, as well as Sakurai and her lacerated abdomen.*
Narration: *We perform what treatment we can, cleaning the crudely stitched wounds with a disinfectant made from wild herbs, then replacing their bandages with ones we'd washed clean and sterilized in boiling water.*
Narration: *And finally, we stop by to visit Hirooka-san in the large tent to wipe the sweat from her feverish body... Well, this part's pretty much exclusively my job by now...*
Narration: *When the morning rounds are finished at last, I seek out Mr. Ochi and report everyone's health "acceptable," while Kazuki heads to Koide-senpai's tent.*
Narration: *The daily rations for each individual are being adjusted depending on the severity of their malnutrition symptoms, as diagnosed by Kazuki.*
Narration: *The distribution of the day's food (or as Kazuki now refers to it, "chow time") is held at 7:00 AM. Until then, everyone's supposed to take care of their laundry and air out their bedding.*
Narration: *In particular, our sleeping bags have to be thoroughly dried in the sun on a regular basis, or they'll be sprouting clumps of mold before we know it.*
Narration: *After passing on the medical report, I return to our tent, grab Kazuki's bedding along with mine, then lay them out on top of the tent to dry―*
Narration: *Finally, I head to the stream to take care of our combined laundry, then make my way to the captain's tent with our rice cooker to receive our daily rations.*
Narration: *The routine started normally enough this morning. But at this final step, we ran into our first serious breakdown in the process, one that will probably have lingering effects going forward.*
Narration: *I arrived slightly early at the captain's tent, where she manages our entire food supply in cooperation with Mr. Ochi and her partner... Koide was waiting inside as usual, but today her face was ghastly pale.*
Ritsu: What am I going to do...?
Amane: ...Huh? Did something happen?
Ritsu: We're short one... what am I going to DO?
Amane: Short one...? What are you talking about?
Kazuki: The number of carrots. Koide-san, are you sure you didn't miscount? Why not check one more time?
Amane: Carrots...?
Narration: *As they explained the situation to me, there had been a total of eleven carrots carefully stocked away.*
Narration: *On Captain Sakashita's orders, when that number fell to ten they were planning to halt distribution and hold the rest in reserve. But when Koide-san counted this morning, the eleventh carrot they'd been intending to divide and hand out to the group was missing.*
Amane: ...So... starting today, we aren't getting any more carrots?
Kazuki: That's not especially important right now. The problem lies in the fact that one of the carrots disappeared without explanation.
Amane: ...Disappeared...?
Kazuki: Carrots don't have legs, so it didn't vanish on its own power. Which would leave two plausible possibilities... Either she's simply miscounted, or somebody ate it...
Ritsu: I-It wasn't me! I didn't touch them! It's true! I can't stand carrots, for one thing!
Kazuki: Please rest assured, I'm not suggesting you're to blame. It's just that... if you didn't miscount, we're going to be faced with a far thornier dilemma...
Amane: What do you mean...?
Kazuki: In all likelihood, the carrot was stolen. Therein lies the real problem.
Ritsu: Stolen...? By who...?
Kazuki: Exactly. That question is going to lead to a great deal of trouble. Conducting a "criminal investigation" in a claustrophobic situation like this would quickly give rise to widespread paranoia.
Kazuki: To be honest... spiralling into disunity and mutual mistrust would be an absolute catastrophe for us under these circumstances.
Narration: *Everyone suspects everyone else, and is suspected in turn. That's never a pleasant feeling, and it rarely ends well. It certainly wouldn't help that our group was composed of half-starved teenage girls; if the criminal were discovered, there's no doubt she would've faced a vicious "denunciation session."*
Narration: *And if the investigation failed, it was all too obvious that rain of condemnation would fall instead on Koide, for allowing this theft from our food supply to take place through her incompetence.*
Ritsu: ...So, what can I do? Help me, Kazami-san! This wasn't my fault, right!? I mean, I just did exactly what Chiaki-san... what the captain told me to do!
Kazuki: Calm yourself, Ricchan.
Amane: Look, you can't call her that. She's older than you, isn't she? Since when were you childhood friends?
Kazuki: Listen carefully, Koide-san. Fortunately, the only people who currently know we've "misplaced" this carrot are the three of us and the thief who took it off our hands. In other words, I believe this won't come to light so long as we keep silent.
Amane: Whoa, brushing the dirt under the rug...? You trying to make us all accessories to the crime...?
Ritsu: ...That's impossible... Mr. Ochi and the captain knew how many carrots we had left too... even if we don't say anything, they'll find out eventually...
Narration: *It wasn't a proportionally large theft, but carrots are easy enough to count. Its disappearance would be all too obvious.*
Kazuki: In this situation, there are two solutions... Perhaps "ways out" would be the more appropriate term. There's the fun way and the boring way. Which would you like to hear?
Ritsu: ...The fun way!
Amane: No, how about you tell us both...?
Kazuki: Well then, I'll start with the fun plan. It's nice and simple, too. Just blow this proverbial popsicle stand. Grab all the remaining carrots and make a run for it!
Ritsu: Run!? Huh? Why!? To where!?
Kazuki: When you get right down to it, your greatest fear about this whole affair is that you'll be severely scolded by the captain, yes?
Kazuki: In that case, why not flee into the woods with all the carrots and try your luck at an escape attempt?
Kazuki: If you're lucky enough to succeed and summon help, no one will blame you for taking a few carrots. Quite the contrary! I imagine you'd be viewed as a heroic savior, earning the perpetual adulation of all involved.
Amane: ...That's... your "fun" way...?
Kazuki: ...It does sound fun, doesn't it?
Amane: No. No it does not.
Kazuki: ...Shucks.
Amane: "Shucks?" Go shuck yourself...
Ritsu: Please take this seriously! Unless you help, Chiaki-san's absolutely going to kill me!
Amane: Incidentally, what's the boring way?
Kazuki: Aah... well, it really is quite dull, you know? A little "numerical alignment," nothing more.
Amane: ...What's that supposed to mean?
Kazuki: In short, there's no problem if we have the same number of carrots we did yesterday. Correct?
Narration: *With those words, Kazuki picked up a kitchen knife and casually lopped off the tip of the nearest carrot. With quick, firm strokes, she sliced the carrot into pieces, then started right in on the next one.*
Ritsu: ...What are you doing!? Don't play around with our precious food!
Kazuki: Just calm down and watch... See? Here we are, eleven carrots.
Ritsu: ...Huh?
Narration: *When I looked down at the cutting board, the missing vegetable had somehow "reappeared." I counted the sliced carrots again, slowly and carefully - there were eleven in total.*
Amane: ...What is this? Eleven...? Huh? No way... there really are eleven! This is bizarre... How did you do it?
Kazuki: There's a rather famous puzzle that works on this principle. You're not familiar with it?
Kazuki: If you cut a number of similar objects into sections and resort them, the total area seems to increase... or oppositely, even after adding a piece the area seems to stay constant. It's a very common spatial brain teaser.
Ritsu: Ah... now that you mention it, I think I might've seen a wooden puzzle kind of like that in some souvenir shop.
Kazuki: It was most likely some variety of pentominoes puzzle. In any case, what I did this time is a much simpler trick. A careful glance should be enough to see each carrot is missing a single section.
Kazuki: If we had more carrots, the proportion taken from each would be smaller, so it would be harder to detect...
Amane: Gaaah, creepy! You're a witch! A witch, I say! Freaky!
Kazuki: How very rude... If you're too uppity, I just might transform you into a mouse, you know?
Ritsu: I don't care if you're a witch... Thank you, Kazami-san... I'll repay you for this someday...
Kazuki: That's quite all right, Ricchan. No need to worry yourself about that.
Amane: I'm telling you, stop calling her that... You have no respect whatsoever for your elders, do you?
Narration: *Was Koide-senpai aware... exactly who she'd just put herself in debt to...?*
Narration: *Even so, Kazuki said "not to worry about it," so maybe a trick like that doesn't even register as a favor for her...?*
Narration: *Personally, though, I thought her smile at that moment was saying "I don't expect you'd be of much use to me anyway." And it sent a bit of a chill down my spine...*
Narration: *Either way, I sure as heck didn't have the courage to ask Kazuki for clarification.*

Narration: *―The seventh day in the valley.*
Narration: *Status quo unchanged.*
Narration: *The end.*
Narration: *No, I guess that's a bit too extreme an abridged version?*
Narration: *We'd now spent a solid week "shipwrecked." Naturally, no one was running around like chickens with their head cut off anymore―*
Narration: *Our lives had taken on the repetitive quality of a long-running television show that's decayed into a pale imitation of its former self. The kind you keep watching every week out of sheer inertia.*
Narration: *Although we were thoroughly sick of eating, or even looking at, the vile plant soup that had become our primary sustenance, its proportion of our diet was only rising; the amount of rice distributed to us was decreasing steadily with each passing day―*
Narration: *And even the edible grasses that had seemed so infinitely abundant at first were vanishing with alarming swiftness from the picked-over areas near the entrance to the forest.*
Narration: *Everything was in short supply.*
Narration: *About the only thing we were gaining more of from day to day was boredom. As we'd grown accustomed to life here, there was a lot less pointless effort being expended, and a lot more time spent sitting around quietly, preserving our energy.*
Narration: *Other than that, I suppose we at least had an effectively limitless supply of water from the spring. But since we were all using it heavily, the water needed to be boiled before we could drink.*
Narration: *There were a number of people who found this delay irritating, sometimes skipping it entirely - myself among them. But Kazuki strongly recommended that we heat the water to 170 degrees for at least a minute, in order to kill the bacteria likely proliferating in the stream.*
Narration: *And in fact, it seemed that chronic diarrhea had begun to spread among those who continued to drink the water raw...*
Amane: Diarrhea!? That reminds me!!
Kazuki: Gaaah! What on earth!?
Kazuki: How many times do I have to tell you NOT to shout out of nowhere like that I mean for heaven's sake you absolutely never learn do you or perhaps this is some twisted little game of yours seeing how far you can make me jump!?
Amane: Ah, yeah, sorry. For the time being, how about you take a breath? You're gonna die.
Kazuki: ...Do that one more time and I'm going to spank you. Firmly.
Amane: Look, ah said sorry, right? More importantly, hear me out for a second...
Kazuki: What is it, then?
Amane: Let's make a toilet!
Kazuki: ...What? Why would we go out of our way to create a breeding spot for pathogenic ba...
Kazuki: Ah... no... if we used gasoline first... I see. That's one plus, for starters...
Amane: ...Kazuki?
Narration: *When I tentatively called her name, Kazuki instantly thrust up her right index finger.*
Narration: *This was her signal for "wait ten seconds."*
Narration: *If I ignored this command and kept talking, I knew all too well Kazuki would fire right back with a forceful "Don't spew out gobs of worthless noise at me when I'm not ready to listen"―*
Narration: *Then glare at me with her deep dark eyes full of cold scorn, muttering "Almost like a television in human form" in the disgusted tone of someone pulled out of bed by a telemarketer. I'd quickly learned to respect the signal.*
Narration: *By now, one finger in the air from Kazuki and I fell instantly silent for ten seconds. You could practically see my tail drooping between my legs like a dog given a firm command to "wait." Honestly, I felt a little perverse admiration at how well she'd trained me.*
Kazuki: ...Yes. I think it's a good idea.
Narration: *I had no idea what sort of calculations Kazuki ran through in those ten seconds to reverse her initial decision. Maybe she projected the pluses and minuses of building an outhouse through the next decade or so?*
Narration: *Whatever the case, I had her permission to proceed with the toilet construction plan. With that settled, I headed off to ask Captain Sakashita's opinion on the matter... Admittedly, for the sake of form more than anything else.*
Captain: What did Kazami-san say?
Amane: ...Huh? Uhm...
Captain: I expect you got her to approve this little plan before breathing a word of it to me, right?
Amane: ...Well... yes...
Captain: Then why not do as you please? Can you not sleep at night unless you've pushed the responsibility for every step you take onto my shoulders?
Amane: That's not really what I...
Narration: *Every student club in our school had its factional disputes. In particular, the sports teams were notorious for their bitter infighting. You could fill a book with the petty spats that raged every year.*
Narration: *Our basketball team was no exception from the rule, but it was somewhat unusual in that our conflicts never got too serious. The reason for that lay at the top―*
Narration: *Captain Sakashita's charismatic presence... would be a nice way to spin it, but to make a long story short, everyone was too afraid of her powerful family to risk making an enemy out of her.*
Narration: *But out here, her parents' influence was no longer a prop to her authority. And as our focus narrowed to the problems immediately before us, some potential future reprisal was the last thing on anyone's mind. In other words, the captain's position was growing uncertain.*
Narration: *Our education in that school for rich young ladies might not have provided us with many practical skills, but there was one noticeable exception: it had instilled in us a sharp sense of smell. That is to say, the ability to sniff out the winning horse in any given race.*
Narration: *The smell of a clear winner always attracts a crowd, even when they lie at rest.*
Narration: *Over the several days we'd spent in the valley, the number of people surrounding Captain Sakashita had visibly declined. Her only consistent companion was Koide Ritsu, bound to her by a simplistic sense of obligation.*
Ibuki: Forget it, Amane. Let's just go.
Narration: *As I stood stock still in front of the captain, trying in vain to find some response to her words, my fellow freshman Ibuki Haruna pulled me away by the hand.*
Narration: *Ibuki Haruna...*
Narration: *The only child of the president of a corporation, headquartered in Kasukabe, that imported and sold luxury foreign cars. In Kazuki's opinion: "Decidedly insolent despite her total ignorance of the ways of the world. Listless and lazy, to boot. An exemplary child of the modern era"―*
Narration: *And in the opinion of her dorm roommate Sakuma: "A total coward at heart despite constantly acting tough. And she doesn't even realize everyone knows it."*
Ibuki: ...You know, you're way too much of a good girl, Amane. I keep telling you, nice guys finish last.
Amane: I don't know about that...
Narration: *Personally, the idea of gaining personal profit at the expense of being despised by others never really appealed to me. My mom always raised me not to be a "nuisance" to others: "Live your life so as y'earn folks' gratitude, not their scorn."*
Ibuki: Look, you know how my dad imports foreign cars or whatever, right? You have no idea the stuff he runs into... Like, Italians? They think about their work so differently from Japanese people.
Ibuki: Half the time the cars they deliver are a totally different color from what you ordered. Completely par for the course. And when you call up to complain, you get "The manager's currently taking a siesta," or whatever. They can't answer the phone because they're taking a friggin' nap. Seriously.
Ibuki: After calling them over and over at different times of day maybe you finally get a hold of the guy in charge, but he just goes "We sent the cars exactly as ordered," completely boldfaced, you know?
Ibuki: And when you tell him that can't be right, you've got the cars sitting right there and they're bright yellow, they will literally say "Somebody must have repainted them on the boat, then. Not our problem." Like, how stupid do you think we are?
Ibuki: You know what a "nice guy" is? Someone who takes that crap sitting down like the patsy they are. When you get down to it, calling someone a "nice" person is just a prettier-sounding way of saying they're a weakling.
Amane: It kind of feels like you're swinging a little too far to the opposite extreme...
Narration: *Nice person = Weakling.*
Narration: *Trapped in the bottom of a gloomy ravine, we were all struggling to stay alive from day to day; act like a soft-hearted "good girl" in such a harsh situation and you'd only be taken advantage of.*
Narration: *It was an extreme argument, even an amoral one, but I couldn't deny there was a kernel of truth buried underneath the bitterness.*
Narration: *Ibuki had a definite dislike for "soft-hearted" people from the very beginning, and she was always the sort to be vocal about her distastes―*
Narration: *But since the fall, that element of her personality had been growing more pronounced and acerbic by the day.*
Narration: *Little by little, everything was growing warped.*
Narration: *Without food, our minds were robbed of composure as surely as our bodies were robbed of nutrients. Under such conditions, human beings lose their self-restraint; they slide slowly off the rails.*
Narration: *I watched Ibuki quietly from behind as we walked.*
Narration: *Her school uniform was seriously grimy. Not that mine was any better; no matter how diligently we washed our clothes, it was just unavoidable in this place.*
Narration: *Ibuki had been one of the more fashion-conscious girls on the team, but these last few days she hadn't even been glancing in her mirror.*
Narration: *Without warning, she came to a stop and turned back to face me.*
Ibuki: ...Huh? What were we talking about...?
Amane: Huh? Oh... the story about the Italians?
Ibuki: Ah... right... Where was I?
Amane: I think you'd already finished...?
Ibuki: Really? Sorry, seems like I was kind of zoning out there... I've been getting really absent-minded lately. What a pain.
Amane: ...Ibuki? Are you feeling all right?
Narration: *To a greater or lesser extent, everyone here had been losing weight, but Ibuki had been slim in the first place. She was edging into "emaciated" territory.*
Narration: *Her arms were as thin as branches on a withered tree where they emerged from her sleeves.*
Amane: Ibuki, did you lose weight again?
Ibuki: Aah... yeah... probably...
Narration: *She laughed it off ― "Getting thinner and thinner even though I'm doing nothing at all? What was the point of all the hard work I put into those diets?" But I found it impossible to crack a smile in return.*
Ibuki: Too bad I don't have a scale. It'd be cool to know how many kilos I've lost...
Amane: Don't skip any meals, okay...? You've got to eat.
Ibuki: Eat? Eat what?
Amane: ...Well...
Narration: *When she asked point-blank like that, I didn't have much to say.*
Narration: *We both knew perfectly well there was nothing left to fill her stomach.*
Narration: *Watching as I hesitated awkwardly, Ibuki gave a high-pitched little giggle, then turned around and walked straight off toward her tent.*
Narration: *Human beings are malleable. Our environment changes us. Dropped into a warped situation, we were slowly warping ourselves to match.*
Narration: *Small personality shifts like Ibuki's were far from the worst of it. Our extended stay in this place had given rise to far more serious problems, some of which were rapidly becoming impossible to ignore.*
Kazuki: I do apologize, Amane, but could you go pick me some more medicinal herbs?
Amane: Yeah. Chameleon plants again?
Kazuki: If you'd be so kind. Also... if you could search for something edible while you're out there, it would be a big help.
Amane: ...I'll search, but...
Kazuki: I know... I'm not saying you have to stay out there until you find something. Just look around a bit as you gather the herbs. Please bring them to me in the large tent when you're done.
Amane: Okay...
Narration: *The large tent... in other words, our little camp's sad excuse for a hospital.*
Narration: *Kazuki was visiting it several times a day, conversing with and treating the wounded.*
Narration: *Sakurai's wound had given initial indications of recovery, to the point she was increasingly able to move around; but a few days ago, it had apparently begun to fester.*
Narration: *In fact, it was that very mobility that caused the problem...*
Narration: *After many long days lying in that humid tent, breathing air thick with the pus and sweat characteristic of a place occupied by the wounded, Sakurai snuck out in Kazuki's absence and bathed in the bacteria-laden spring.*
Narration: *The gash in her abdomen wasn't so deep as to threaten her life, but it was by no means shallow. Thanks to her malnutrition, the laceration simply hadn't closed completely; and so, it seems, the bacteria invaded her body, infecting the wound.*
Narration: *Fortunately, chameleon plants were one thing we had an abundance of. No matter how many I picked, they seemed to grow right back.*
Narration: *As the plants liked to grow in marshy, damp spots, all I had to do was look for places sheltered from the sun. Especially after a rainy day like yesterday, there would be large quantities waiting.*
Narration: *The rain brought a number of other blessings, apart from the chameleon plants. In particular, a large number of snails had appeared in the forest.*
Narration: *Mushrooms had also sprouted up, but I wasn't about to thoughtlessly start grabbing at them. Kazuki had severely beaten it into my head that a moment's overconfidence or a trivial act of carelessness could prove fatal.*
Narration: *Opening the lid of our rice cooker, I began picking a moderate number of chameleon leaves, careful not to take too many from any one plant. While I was at it, I grabbed a few snails as they crawled slowly across nearby tree branches.*
Narration: *Every time I tossed a snail into the makeshift bucket, its shell hit the bottom of the aluminum cooker with a sharp little rattle.*
Narration: *Hearing that sound drove home the realization that I'd been reduced to viewing slugs as food, and a surge of self-pity abruptly welled up inside me. Feeling the corners of my eyes grow hot, I sniffled in a futile attempt to hold my misery inside.*
Narration: *Crying wasn't going to help anything. I knew that all too well, but the tears still came.*
Narration: *"Don't think too much. As long as I stay alive, I'll be rescued. As long as I don't give up, I'll get home."*
Narration: *Empty words, but I forced myself to believe them. It was the only thing that kept my hands moving. It was the only way I could see "going on" as anything but ridiculous.*
Narration: *I had plucked a few dozen leaves from chameleon plants and captured two snails when an unpleasant surprise pulled me back to reality.*
Amane: ...Ah...
Narration: *Glancing down, I noticed with a start that my sock was stained dark red.*
Narration: *A leech had latched on to the calf of my left leg. It hung suspended from my skin, round and fat with my blood.*
Narration: *It seems snails weren't the only slimy invertebrates that had multiplied in the wake of the torrential rain. Normally, I would've shrieked at the sight of the vile little creature. Probably collapsed to my knees, weeping hysterically.*
Narration: *Instead, I grabbed the leech firmly, peeled it off my leg, and tossed it into the trees with a detached, mechanical calm that surprised myself. After removing the teeth still stuck in my leg, I carefully squeezed at the wound to wring out the leech's poison (apparently it's called hirudin)―*
Amane: ...Ugh...
Narration: *But now that I looked, there was a numb, bleeding bite on my right leg as well. The leech had apparently already drank its fill, as it was nowhere to be found.*
Amane: ...Urgh...?
Narration: *For some reason... the collar of my uniform felt oddly tingly against my skin...*
Narration: *My heart thudding with cold dread, I slowly, tentatively brought my hand toward the back of my neck. My fingers brushed against a fat, slimy body. And this time, I screamed.*
Amane: Gyaaaaaaaaaa!!!!
Narration: *Ripping the leech off my neck, I hurled it hard against the ground and rained a furious series of kicks down on it, but the thing just didn't want to die.*
Narration: *As I ground the writhing leech into the mud with my heel, my own blood gushed out in little splurts from its smashed body. I was seized by such an intense, dizzying spasm of sheer loathing that I thought I might pass out on the spot.*
Narration: *I couldn't take this anymore. I just couldn't.*
Narration: *Lukewarm blood trickled endlessly down the back of my neck. I pressed my hand against the wound, but it just wouldn't stop.*
Narration: *...This trip was over. Just as I'd decided to head back, I casually glanced up at the sound of a slight rustling from above― and in the next instant, a number of leeches came raining down from the overlapping tree branches overhead, aiming for me.*
Amane: ...Eeeegh!!!
Narration: *Clutching the mess kit tightly to my chest, I ran stumbling out of the forest as fast as my legs would carry me.*
Narration: *...Listen very carefully, city dwellers.*
Narration: *I'm willing to bet some of y'all have been known to say things like "I love nature! Being out in the green heals my soul!" or whatever, yes? Well, if you ever find yourself in need of a broken nose, try repeatin' it when I'm in the room!*
Narration: *Those tidy little trails you hike down, with their trimmed trees and color-coded maps and port-a-potties and rest stations? That's an artificial playground for human beings.*
Narration: *In that moment, watching the unceasing trickle of blood seeping into my uniform, I came to hate nature from the bottom of my heart.*
Captain: Get a hold of yourself! There are some people who'd love to have this meal, you know that!?
Narration: *When I returned with the mess kit, covered in my own blood, I heard a snarling voice inside the large tent.*
Narration: *"Captain Sakashita's here...?"*
Narration: *I hesitated for a moment at the entrance. Looking around, I saw the rest of the girls in the area were similarly frozen in awkward uncertainty, looking deliberately away from the tent but clearly listening.*
Amane: ...*Sigh*...
Narration: *I couldn't just do nothing. Maybe just nonchalantly popping in there would drain some of the tension from the air...*
Narration: *Heaving a single heavy sigh, I braced myself emotionally, then stooped down and passed through the open tent flap.*
Narration: *We might've called it the large tent, but it wasn't exactly spacious as hospitals go. When I crawled inside, the scent of closely packed, sedentary bodies was as thick as always―*
Narration: *And today, the droning of flies filled the air. This was a more recent development. Apparently, the smell of blood and pus had grown strong enough to prove an irresistible attraction; no matter how many flies we drove off or swatted, there were always more to take their place.*
Narration: *The interior was unevenly illuminated by sunshine flowing in through gaps in the tree canopy―*
Narration: *I could see Hirooka-san and Sakurai lying at opposite ends of the tent, attended at their bedside by Captain Sakashita and Kazuki, respectively.*
Captain: Come on, eat up. You're going to eat this, understand? You have a responsibility to... no, this is an order! Eat it!
Narration: *Captain Sakashita scooped some gruel out of the sierra cup in her hand and pushed the spoon forward, but Hirooka-san bit her lower lip and turned her face aside, rejecting the food outright.*
Hirooka: I'm not hungry...
Captain: Don't be ridiculous! How many times do I have to tell you? We can't afford to put up with you being selfish right now! I understand that it tastes bad, but choke it down!
Narration: *I myself had nursed Hirooka-san numerous times over the last week. She'd never accepted much in the way of food, but the last few days in particular she hadn't eaten anything remotely approaching a meal.*
Narration: *With both legs broken, she was almost entirely unable to move. Spending all day lying down would probably tend to reduce your appetite―*
Narration: *And when you happen to be lying down in a confined space reeking of pus and dirt and sweat, hunger pangs might well be less of a problem than containing your nausea.*
Narration: *The high fever from her fractures lasted three days, during which we were forced to keep her on a purely liquid diet. Even after her temperature fell, the most she could keep down was a light rice gruel with practically no added ingredients; and even that watery broth she sipped very slowly, and in small quantities.*
Hirooka: Please, just stop... Have mercy...
Narration: *Hirooka-san grated out the words through gritted teeth, her contorted expression begging for a reprieve. As she squeezed her eyes shut, small tears spilled from the corners of her eyes.*
Captain: ...Mercy!? What on earth!? Don't try to turn me into the villain here! You make it sound as if I'm bullying you!
Narration: *The captain jerked back the spoon and noisily slammed the aluminum cup to the floor in obvious irritation.*
Narration: *The porridge inside was surprisingly thick with rice. Unlike our typical watered-down weed soups, it was a legitimate "gruel."*
Narration: *Compared to the relatively healthy members of the group, the wounded needed more nourishment to help their bodies heal. They must've been receiving preferential rations. At a quick glance, there seemed to be as much rice in that one bowl as I received in a single day.*
Captain: If anything, you should be thanking us, you know!? How can you talk to me like that!?
Narration: *"Why do think we're giving special treatment to invalids who can't even work!?"*
Narration: *But before the next angry words in this sequence could spill out of Captain Sakashita's mouth, Kazuki, who had been silently cleaning Sakurai's stomach wound the whole time, finally interjected.*
Kazuki: You're attempting to force her to do something she clearly doesn't want to do. If that's not bullying, what is?
Narration: *Captain Sakashita turned to face Kazuki's back, glaring so fiercely I half-expected her to pop a blood vessel.*
Captain: ...You are aware of exactly how precious this handful of rice is to us right now, aren't you?
Kazuki: Yes, of course. Nonetheless, your approach to this situation is misguided.
Narration: *If Kazuki noticed the captain's furious glare, she gave no sign of it. Not even bothering to turn around, she continued treating Sakurai as she spoke.*
Kazuki: It seems you may have gotten the idea that to lead under these circumstances, you need to become a forceful presence whose word is absolute. Perhaps you've decided that you can't "go easy" on anyone. However―
Kazuki: When popular sentiment wants you to play the kind-hearted, compassionate leader in relation to the weak, isn't it more strategically sound to show them a bit of what they want to see?
Captain: ...In other words, I should follow your example? Show everyone some sly, insincere facade?
Kazuki: Yes, do try to follow my example in the slyness department. As you're somewhat dim-witted, you've picked up an unfortunate habit of trying to forcibly smash your way through every problem.
Captain: ...Kuh...!
Narration: *"Ohgodohgod! Stop it, Kazuki!"*
Narration: *The tent was unpleasantly humid enough to begin with. I really could've done without the nasty cold sweat now drenching my back.*
Kazuki: I believe we'll be quite all right in here without your continued assistance. Might I respectfully suggest you consider returning to your tent?
Captain: ...I've got something to discuss with you later... Would you mind stopping by my tent...?
Kazuki: Goodness, how frightening. May I bring Amane along as well? I'm afraid I lack the courage to pay you a visit alone.
Captain: Feel free.
Narration: *As she spat out those words, Captain Sakashita's dark, angry eyes flashed over to settle on me.*
Amane: ...Wha...
Narration: *"Don't get me mixed up in this! Do NOT get me mixed up in this, Kazuki!"*
Narration: *Pierced by the captain's loathing glare, I stiffened in the entrance of the tent like a rock, managing to respond only with a terrified gulp.*
Narration: *Maybe she realized how awkward I felt about the whole thing, maybe not. Either way, Captain Sakashita gave a little snort, then pushed right past me and out of the tent.*
Amane: ...Ka-Kazukiii...
Kazuki: What now? Kindly spare me the pathetic moaning. First of all, were you able to obtain the herbs?
Amane: Ah... yeah... I did pick some...
Narration: *I quickly opened the mess kit I'd been carrying. At some point, the snails I'd captured had glued themselves to the opposite side of the lid.*
Kazuki: Thank you.
Narration: *Kazuki grabbed a number of chameleon plant leaves from the aluminum cooker, crumpled them in her hand, and deftly began to apply them to the area around Sakurai's wound.*
Kazuki: Does it sting?
Sakurai: ...Just a bit... but a little pain is better than the itchiness. Thank you as always...
Kazuki: Amane's the one who picked the herbs.
Sakurai: ...Thank you, Suou-san.
Amane: Yeah, you're welcome...
Narration: *Sakurai-senpai was as placid and soft-spoken as always.*
Narration: *Even in the fairly tomboyish basketball team, she'd been generally admired as the greatest beauty in the group. I didn't know the exact details, but apparently her father was a famous stage actor, and her mother a former idol singer―*
Narration: *Born to two such people, it was perhaps unsurprising that she turned out as lovely as she did.*
Narration: *Against such a contrast, the ugly, jagged wound across her abdomen and its crude stitches were all the more painful to look at.*
Kazuki: ...All right, we're done. Please head out of the tent and get yourself some sun.
Sakurai: ...I'm very much obliged to you...
Narration: *The presence of the wound must still have been a source of unease, if not discomfort, to her―*
Narration: *As Sakurai slowly rose from the ground, her hands softly traced the gash from above the freshly-applied bandages. With a brief, polite bow to Kazuki, she quietly crawled out of the tent.*
Amane: ...Even stuck in a mess like this, Sakurai-senpai's still really beautiful...
Kazuki: It would be best not to say that to her face... She's a clumsy actress and rather tone-deaf to boot, so it seems she's convinced herself her looks are her only redeeming feature...
Kazuki: Even words intended as a compliment might end up reinforcing her low opinion of herself...
Amane: Really...?
Narration: *In that case, the ugly wound to her stomach must've been a considerable psychological shock. I turned around to peer out the open flap of the tent. As Sakurai slowly walked off into the distance, her shoulders seemed to be sagging.*
Kazuki: If nothing else, I suppose we should be thankful she wasn't wounded on her face, like Kaneda-san...
Narration: *To be sure, that would've been even harder on her.*
Narration: *But Kaneda herself didn't seem particularly depressed. Maybe she was just counting herself lucky to have survived?*
Narration: *I suppose she might just have been the sort not to sweat the "small stuff." She didn't whine about the gash on her head, but by the same token, she wouldn't come to have the wound treated unless we called for her.*
Kazuki: In any case, we have a more pressing concern at the moment... Hirooka-san?
Hirooka: ...Yes...?
Kazuki: I'm very sorry it took me so long to notice...
Hirooka: ...What are... you... talking about?
Kazuki: The reason you've been refusing your food...
Narration: *As she spoke, Kazuki reached out for the zipper of Hirooka-san's tightly closed sleeping bag.*
Hirooka: ...Ah...! Ah...! Wait... please... no...!
Kazuki: I understand that it's embarrassing... but we can't just leave it like this.
Hirooka: ...Aah... ugh... uuu... uuh...
Narration: *Kazuki's voice was far more gentle than I'd ever heard it before.*
Narration: *Nonetheless, Hirooka-san broke into painful, bitter sobs, like a child begging for forgiveness.*
Narration: *She turned her head to the side, her gaze coming to rest on me. There were fat teardrops rolling down her cheeks.*
Kazuki: Amane... would you be so kind as to boil me some hot water?
Amane: ...Uhm... how much?
Kazuki: About a bucketful. No need to rush, but I would appreciate it.
Amane: Yeah, sure...
Narration: *As I turned to leave, a sharp new smell cut through the stuffy air of the tent, and I finally understood the situation.*
Narration: *"Hirooka-san... soiled herself...?"*
Narration: *Right... At the moment, she couldn't even stand up on her own power...*
Narration: *With a little maneuvering, she'd probably be able to handle a number one by herself, but a number two would absolutely require external assistance.*
Narration: *Hirooka-san had always been the most timid and introverted member of our team. Even under the best of circumstances she found it difficult to assert herself. She must simply have been too humiliated to ask for the help she needed.*
Narration: *In other words, she'd been refusing food for the last few days out of sheer terror at producing waste... It all fell horribly into place in an instant.*
Hirooka: ...*Sob*... Aah... aaah... aah... haa... *Sob*...
Narration: *Her body wracked with sobs, Hirooka-san buried her face into her hands. Kazuki spoke to her again, her voice like a comforting caress.*
Kazuki: You have nothing to be ashamed of... It's a natural part of being alive...
Narration: *Slightly unsettled by Kazuki's uncharacteristic kindness, I hastily left the tent.*
Amane: ...Tch... What's up with that, Kazuki...? There's no way she'd ever be that nice to me...
Narration: *All of a sudden, there was a complex and intense mixture of feelings ― unease, irritation, anxiety, and others I couldn't quite put into words ― swirling unpleasantly around in my chest.*
Amane: If you like Hirooka that much, why don't you marry her...?
Narration: *"Uh, hold on a second here, self. What did you just say?"*
Narration: *"I mean, what...? You'd almost think I was jealous here, or something."*
Narration: *"Well... huh. Now that I think about it... maybe I really am... a little jealous?"*
Narration: *"But... Kazuki and I are both girls, so, uh... No, what exactly is going on here?"*
Narration: *"Ah... uhm... sometimes pet dogs get all cranky when they see their master doting on somebody else's mutt... Maybe this is something similar?"*
Narration: *I knew it was downright weird for me to be feeling this way, but... the irritation was real, and it wasn't going away. Maybe I should just throw my dignity to the wind and give her a nasty bite the next time she tries to give me a treat...?*
Kazuki: ...Unless I'm very much mistaken, you're thinking some exceptionally silly thoughts right now.
Amane: Gah! Kazuki!? W-What? I don't know what you're talking about.
Kazuki: I trust you more than anyone else, and I'm relying on you more than anyone else. That's a fact.
Kazuki: Wherever I may go, in the end I'll return to you. All you need to do is wait with dignity and confidence.
Amane: ...W-What are you talking about?
Kazuki: You really don't understand? I'm telling you that you're indispensable to me. Come here, Amane.
Amane: Wha? Huh? W-Why?
Kazuki: You're bleeding from the neck...
Amane: Ah... yeah, a leech bit me... but it doesn't hurt, so don't worry about it...
Kazuki: But look, the blood's still flowing... If we leave it be, you'll be bleeding for hours, you know? Hurry up and get over here.
Amane: ...Ah...
Narration: *Kazuki reached her small arms up, drawing my head down toward her, then pressed her lips against the scruff of my neck. After briefly running her tongue along the area of the leech bite, she began to suck on the wound.*
Kazuki: ...Mf... *Smack*... *Slurp*... mm... mmf... *Slurrrp*... *Smack*...
Amane: Ah... mmm... ah... haa... stop... wai... Ka... zuki... not so hard... You're gonna suck it right out of me... mmm... ah... haaa... mm...
Kazuki: ...Don't worry, I'll suck out every last drop... mm... *Smack*... *Slurrrp*... mmm... mwa...
Narration: *"What the hell IS this? Why does she have to... why does this have to be so... pointlessly erotic?"*
Narration: *"Kazuki's lips... They're small... and soft... and kinda... feel nice..."*
Narration: *"Uh... this isn't good... Now I'm getting in a weird mood..."*
Narration: *She sucked the blood and anti-coagulant out of my neck until her mouth was full, spat it out, then came right back for more.*
Narration: *I understood she was performing medical treatment, but every time Kazuki's lips touched me, my body quivered; every time she exhaled through her nose, her breath tickled my cheek, and strange little noises leaked out of my mouth.*
Amane: ...Uu... ah... mmm...
Narration: *In a daze, my eyes half-closed, I whimpered nasally. It took a good minute for me to notice that Sakuma-senpai was standing nearby, her arms folded, taking in the whole scene with a smirk on her face.*
Sakuma: Wow. Gotta say, you two are pretty brazen.
Amane: Ah... N-No, you've got it all wrong! This isn't what you think! She's just, sucking the... Right, a leech! It was a leech!
Amane: I got bitten by a leech in the forest! And, uhm! The bleeding wouldn't stop, so, uh, Kazuki just...!
Sakuma: Hey, don't get me wrong, I'm not casting any stones here. Love comes in many shapes and sizes, in my humble opinion.
Amane: Look, I'm trying to tell you, this isn't an act of "love" or anything! She's just treating my wound!
Sakuma: Licking each other's wounds isn't an act of love? Who're you trying to convince with all the excuses, anyway?
Amane: Uhm... well... I...
Kazuki: I fully understand how enjoyable it is to bully Amane, but that's my special privilege as her partner. Please refrain from teasing her too much, Sakuma-senpai.
Sakuma: What a tyrant. Amane belongs to everyone, you know?
Kazuki: Well, feel free to think so if you please...
Kazuki: So, what is it then? Did you have some business with my Amane?
Sakuma: ...You've got a surprisingly possessive side, huh? Well, whatever...
Sakuma: You're making a toilet, right? The captain stopped by a while ago and told us we should come over to help if we weren't busy.
Amane: Ah, that'd be a big help. Thank you.
Sakuma: Don't mention it. Ain't like I've got anything better to do. And when I'm not doing something, I get all depressed.
Sakuma: Maybe it's just me, but when I'm moving my body I don't feel quite so miserable. Sitting on my hands all day makes me feel a lot more worn out.
Sakuma: So anyway, we'll be borrowing Amane for a bit. My apologies, Kazami.
Kazuki: Very well, then. Do make sure to handle her with great care.
Amane: Ah... Kazuki...?
Sakuma: It's fine. If she starts thinking of you as some convenient maid who's always at her beck and call, your life's gonna get even harder. A little absence makes the heart grow whatever. C'mon, let's go.
Amane: ...Uhh... okay...
Narration: *The last few days, both Captain Sakashita and Mr. Ochi had been absent from the camp more often than not. They were supposedly investigating the forest, but we hadn't gotten much specific information about what that involved.*
Narration: *With our teacher - the team's official figurehead - and the captain - its true leader - both absent, the majority of the group looked to Kazami Kazuki for orders.*
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, there were a considerable number of people who openly scowled at the idea of accepting instructions from an arrogant, sharp-tongued freshman. But by nature, people turn to competence over formal authority in times of crisis.*
Narration: *And it was simply a fact that our efficiency as a group increased when command of the camp passed from Captain Sakashita to Kazuki.*
Narration: *She carefully assessed everyone's personality and skills and assigned them appropriate jobs, placing a moderate responsibility on every individual's shoulders―*
Narration: *Through her consistent distribution of tasks, we had all naturally become aware of our "roles," quickly learning to bring certain tasks to certain people without her direct intervention. She'd created a framework that enabled us to be productive.*
Narration: *This toilet-construction operation was a good example. Kazuki didn't stand on the sidelines directing us, but her initial planning divided us into our teams; one group dug the hole, one group repurposed a chair from the bus into a seat, and one group focused on creating a sturdy roof that wouldn't leak in heavy rain―*
Narration: *And she designed a clear procedure for the job, with logical, easy-to-remember steps, carefully tuned to compensate for our small number of workers. By following her instructions, we managed to finished the job rather quickly.*
Narration: *The completed toilet wasn't much to look at, granted. In fact, it was unmistakably a ramshackle hut slapped together by novice carpenters. But it was functional enough―*
Narration: *Of particular note was our makeshift septic tank, filled with gasoline extracted from the bus. As an effective countermeasure against flies, maggots, and other pests, it helped erase our concerns about creating a hub for transmitting disease.*
Narration: *If Kazuki hadn't been here, I doubt we could've come up with that idea, much less implemented it.*
Narration: *Given such clear displays of competence, even those who disliked Kazuki on a personal level were growing increasingly reliant on her leadership. Although in some cases, only grudgingly and out of necessity.*
Narration: *As the sun declined in the west and the fierce heat and humidity finally began to die down, I set about making weed soup using our meager allocation of rice and the vegetables we'd been able to gather in the forest. Today, the job was far larger than it had been at first.*
Narration: *For quite some time, every pair had carefully prepared supper for themselves, probably out of paranoia about the possibility of having some of their food snatched secretly away; but for the last few days, I'd increasingly been assuming the role of the camp cook.*
Narration: *I went along with the new responsibility easily enough. Since I'd been preparing meals for the wounded Hirooka and Sakurai all along, increasing the quantity to feed more of the group wasn't really much of a hassle.*
Narration: *I guess everyone finally figured "Might as well just leave the cooking to the girl who grew up in a restaurant," or something? Probably another effect of Kazuki's emphasis on efficiently dividing our workload.*
Narration: *As I struck a fire under the primitive cooking furnace we'd constructed from moderately-sized stones, the various pairs brought forward their mess kits, offering up all the ingredients they had on hand.*
Narration: *Apart from the small quantities of rice and vegetables distributed at the beginning of the day, each aluminum rice cooker had a range of unidentifiable weeds and wild grasses picked from the forest. Today, there were quite a number of snails as well.*
Narration: *Surprisingly, Komori had gathered most of the small, slimy creatures, and an above-average quantity (although an extremely random assortment) of vegetation to boot.*
Narration: *She'd taken her pet dog into the forest and walked a good ways in, gathering anything that seemed even vaguely edible, then found her way back to the camp without a hitch. Apparently, the dog had memorized the way back by scent.*
Narration: *After that first success, Komori made a daily habit of approaching Kazuki with random plants that'd caught her eye on such trips, asking which might be edible.*
Narration: *When night came, our short-sleeved uniforms were, as always, inadequate protection against the chill air. Having finished our dinner, Kazuki and I set off for the large tent and half-forced Hirooka to eat. With that finished, we finally made our way to Captain Sakashita's tent, as we'd promised earlier in the day.*
Narration: *She was waiting for us with Koide-senpai inside their tent, where a small candle provided some dim, flickering illumination.*
Kazuki: Good evening.
Narration: *Kazuki offered a polite greeting, her tone of voice suggesting she'd just arrived fashionably late to a high-society gathering. Captain Sakashita responded with a curt "There you are"―*
Narration: *Then glanced at Koide and gave a little jerk of her head, prompting her partner to leave the tent.*
Captain: Come in.
Narration: *Inviting us to sit with a sardonic "Sorry I can't offer you any tea," Captain Sakashita got right down to business before we'd even settled ourselves on the ground.*
Captain: ...How are the wounded?
Kazuki: Their condition isn't deteriorating... but they're not recovering, either.
Captain: ...I see...
Narration: *For one thing, Hirooka-san's broken legs wouldn't have fixed themselves in a few days even under ideal circumstances―*
Narration: *And Sakurai-senpai's abdominal wound was healing very slowly, thanks to her worsening state of malnutrition and the absence of antibiotics to fight her infection. As an added misery, the intense heat and humidity had left her with a painful skin condition.*
Narration: *Even the comparatively lightly-wounded Kaneda's health needed to be monitored closely, given the poor sanitary conditions of the camp.*
Narration: *For the last few humid days she'd been complaining about her wound's constant itchiness. We warned her repeatedly not to scratch, but she had nonetheless picked up a troublesome habit of sticking twigs under her bandage and tearing at her stitches.*
Narration: *And apart from those who'd been wounded in the crash, many of the 'healthy' girls were beginning to show increasingly advanced symptoms of malnutrition. Faces were swelling noticeably as our vitamin deficiencies grew more pronounced; some girls had begun to complain of minor ailments.*
Narration: *To be honest, we were past the point of "monitoring the situation closely;" it was slowly but surely crumbling before our eyes.*
Narration: *Captain Sakashita listened to this summary from start to finish in silence. When it was over, she again answered with a brief "I see." After a moment, she leaned forward to look into Kazuki's face and spoke; and for a moment, I disbelieved my ears.*
Captain: In other words, the food we're giving the injured is going to waste?
Amane: That's not...!
Narration: *With a start, I realized why Captain Sakashita had driven Koide from the tent. Whatever the circumstances, she was our leader; and in speaking those words, she had just betrayed that responsibility.*
Narration: *Maybe we'd all thought the same, in some dark corner of our mind, but no one had voiced that ugly thought. And now, the captain had coolly thrown it out into the open.*
Narration: *...She understood as well as we did that a quiet, crippling pessimism regarding the food situation had begun to spread among the group.*
Narration: *If we were to continue on these meager rations, the currently able-bodied girls would eventually be reduced to invalids. Without adequate nourishment, our physical strength would be drained, sapping us of the energy to work; and with our bodies weakened, disease would spread all too easily around the camp.*
Narration: *Simply by existing, the wounded were acting as a heavy drain on our precious supply of food. Their presence was reducing everyone else's ration. Ultimately, this might soon give rise to more sick people, exponentially worsening the problem.*
Narration: *When we weigh the lives of the wounded and the healthy against each other, the former will always be lighter on the scales. In this harsh environment, that pragmatic calculation felt all the more obvious.*
Narration: *"We don't have the elbow room to be handing out rations to those who can't work."*
Narration: *The captain's argument was coherent enough, and I understood that she had little choice but to approach our situation with conservative caution―*
Narration: *But nonetheless, her words sounded like a betrayal. A justification for unburdening ourselves of a load that'd grown troublesome to carry; an excuse to abandon our friends and save ourselves.*
Captain: You're the one who told me to be sly, Kazami-san. Remember that?
Kazuki: ...Yes, I certainly did. However, I don't believe I would categorize demonizing the weak as particularly "sly." If anything, it strikes me as petty escapism.
Captain: Well then, tell me... do you have enough provisions stocked away to keep "the weak" fed?
Kazuki: No, unfortunately not.
Captain: Talk is cheap, and reality is harsh. If you're so compassionate, how about sparing a thought for the majority who're being slowly sapped of their energy thanks to this little good-girl act of yours?
Kazuki: ............
Narration: *Those spiteful words were all too clearly a deliberate act of revenge for Kazuki's insults this afternoon.*
Narration: *Whether she was at a loss for words or simply too exasperated to speak wasn't clear, but Kazuki offered no reply other than a short, tired little sigh.*
Narration: *I'd long before decided to keep my silence and leave this conversation entirely to Kazuki, but all of a sudden I found myself unable to suppress the need to object.*
Amane: ...This is just too much... Are you planning to have us sit here and let the wounded starve to death...?
Captain: I didn't say that, did I?
Narration: *For the first time in the conversation, the captain turned to me. She'd grown gaunt in recent days, leaving her cheek bones so prominent that her eyes seemed to have sunken in her face. It made her grim gaze seem all the more severe.*
Captain: I'm going to lower the relative priority of their meals, that's all. It's not as though I'm going to completely cut off their food.
Captain: Of course, we'll be continuing to distribute them a modest ration. It's only reasonable, isn't it? Sitting around all day seems to decrease the appetite.
Amane: That's not true...!
Narration: *There was another reason Hirooka-san had refused to eat that afternoon. And with the construction of the toilet, that problem had been eliminated.*
Narration: *We could simply help her to the toilet seat and let her relieve herself in privacy, removing the biggest psychological roadblock to her recovery.*
Kazuki: It's all right, Amane. The captain's definitely not wrong about this...
Amane: But...!
Kazuki: I'll share my portion of the rations with Hirooka-san.
Amane: ...Huh?
Kazuki: I assume that would be acceptable?
Captain: Why are you asking me...? It's your food. You can do with it as you please.
Kazuki: Then that's just what I'll do.
Narration: *Kazuki leaned forward in a very slight bow as she stood. Lightly speaking the words "Let's return" in my general direction, she abruptly left the tent.*
Amane: Wait, Kazuki!
Kazuki: Yes? What's the matter?
Amane: You know perfectly well what the matter is! Why didn't you fight back!?
Kazuki: Because I thought it would be a waste of breath.
Amane: That's just... I was so sure you'd go at her... If you'd just objected to her logic or something, I'm sure you could've talked your way past her like always...
Kazuki: What are you talking about? A "objection" is only possible when someone acts or speaks in an "objectionable" way... when they're outright wrong, or you dislike their solution to the matter at hand.
Kazuki: Yap at someone under other circumstances, and you're merely "fault-finding." Remember the distinction.
Amane: What the heck does that mean...? I don't get it at all, Kazuki...
Kazuki: Didn't you hear me earlier? The captain's argument was logically sound...
Amane: Even so, giving the wounded less food is just wrong...
Kazuki: And that's why I'm sharing my portion with Hirooka-san. No problem.
Amane: Of course there's a problem! Maybe it's slipped your mind, but you're injured too, Kazuki!
Kazuki: Yes, yes. I know.
Amane: You're sure not acting like it...! Look, why don't we just head back to the captain right now and try to get her to reconsider?
Amane: If you charge in there and tell her "This is wrong!" straight out, it'll definitely work out somehow... Let's at least try...
Kazuki: Goodness, you make me sound like some hysterical woman who's just itching to pick a fight. It's not as though I rush about lodging my objections to all the world's wrongs, you know?
Amane: ...Really?
Narration: *Personally, I kind of had this image of Kazuki waving a battle flag emblazoned with the words "We must correct the world!" on some vague battlefield―*
Narration: *Then charging forth at the head of the vanguard all Jeanne d'Arc-style, leading a glorious crusade across the mistake-riddled modern age...*
Kazuki: You'll be hard-pressed to find another woman as tolerant of mistakes as I am, you know? Just think about it. Have you ever heard me ask Captain Sakashita "Tell me, why were you born?" Even once?
Amane: ...Uh, no, but... Huh? Hold on a second... did you just say something seriously terrible...?
Narration: *That, uh, kind of sounded like an indirect way of implying "That girl should never have been born" to me...*
Kazuki: It seems you've come to understand how deeply tolerant and charitable a spirit I really am, yes? In that case, let's head back to the tent already. I'm starting to get rather tired...
Amane: ...Nothing keeps you from your beauty sleep, does it...
Narration: *It was already past 9:00 PM.*
Narration: *I looked up through the trees to the sky, empty except for the bright moon and twinkling stars. The helicopter we'd seen for a few brief moments on the second day had been absent ever since.*
Narration: *I strained my ears, but heard only the chirping of bugs. No cars running on the road above. Nothing.*
Narration: *Why hasn't anybody noticed? There's a group of girls right down here... suffering so much...*
Narration: *I was seized by the meaningless desire to scream for help at the moon, but I knew I'd only be making my throat hoarse.*
Narration: *That early summer night, only the lonesome voices of insects echoed through the rocky valley.*

Narration: *―The eighth day in the valley.*
Narration: *Rain fell in the night, and the morning was cold. My chilled hand trembled slightly as I wrote.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, was there even a point to keeping this diary in the first place? Thinking about it would always drain me of the will to write, but I never found an excuse to quit, either. My pen moved mechanically across the pages.*
Narration: *Fortunately, the rain had stopped before today's "morning muster."*
Narration: *Perhaps I'd become used to being drummed out of bed at the same time every morning, as recently I was waking up naturally fifteen minutes before six.*
Narration: *For the first few days, it had been difficult to sleep at night because of my hunger. But by now I was sleeping like a stone, and fasting at night actually seemed to make waking up in the mornings easier.*
Narration: *That said, getting out of bed once awake was growing increasingly difficult. I had no choice but to spend fifteen minutes in bed, waiting for my blood pressure to rise until I could stand up without instantly becoming light-headed.*
Narration: *This morning, Professor Kazami's tour of inspection proceeded as usual.*
Narration: *The valley was shrouded in a cold, damp mist. As we made our way around the examination line, many of the girls were swaying unsteadily on their feet, their bodies still not fully awake.*
Kazuki: Good morning, Ibuki-san. How are you feeling this morning?
Ibuki: ...Well... so-so...
Kazuki: You seem rather tired. Incidentally, how many days have we been in this place?
Ibuki: ...Huh? Ah... uhm... eight?
Kazuki: That's right, today is the eighth day. Rather cold one, too, isn't it? Would you say it's chillier than yesterday?
Ibuki: ...Yesterday? I don't think it was that cold yesterday... If anything, it was downright hot...
Kazuki: Yes, that it was. Is your mother doing well? How old is she this year?
Ibuki: ...Where's this coming from...?
Kazuki: Never mind that. Could you answer the question, please?
Ibuki: Mom's... probably fine... She's 42 this year...
Kazuki: What's this girl named?
Narration: *Kazuki grabbed my arm and pulled me over.*
Ibuki: ...Amane...
Kazuki: Could you tell me her family name as well?
Ibuki: ............
Kazuki: It's Suou. You seem to be quite exhausted indeed. Hardly surprising, under the circumstances... Uhm, by the way, how many days have we been in this valley now?
Ibuki: ............
Kazuki: Has merely thinking grown tiresome? But please do try. How many days have we been in this place?
Ibuki: ...Four...
Kazuki: Oh goodness, look at that. Wernicke's encephalopathy, perhaps? A thiamin shortage, to be certain.
Narration: *Smiling brightly, Kazuki leaned over and softly whispered into my ear.*
Kazuki: ...Make a note of what I'm about to say...
Narration: *I hastily brought my pen to the memo pad.*
Narration: *"Chronic Wernicke's encephalopathy."*
Narration: *"Symptoms of Korsakoff's dementia."*
Narration: *"Serious thiamin (Vitamin B1) deficiency."*
Narration: *We knew it was a vitamin deficiency. We knew it had grown serious. But that diagnosis wasn't much good to us. We didn't have any needles, and more importantly we didn't have any dietary supplements to fill them with.*
Narration: *Of course, a dietetic regimen with lots of pork, liver, and milk could've done the job just as well, but we didn't have enough food to satisfy even our basic caloric requirements.*
Narration: *The only thing we could do for Ibuki was give her an encouraging thump on the shoulder...*
Kazuki: Tough it out!
Narration: *...And express the hope her youthful resilience would pull her through.*
Narration: *None of this was limited to Ibuki Haruna, either. The majority of the group was beginning to suffer from vitamin deficiencies. Light fever, joint pains, and shortness of breath were widespread.*
Narration: *After our standard round of inspections came to an end, everyone dragged themselves right back to their tents.*
Narration: *The morning was unpleasantly cold, and the pervasive sense of physical exhaustion didn't help either. Nobody wanted to wander off into the humid forest, where the chilly fog hung thick as a cloud.*
Narration: *By the time noon rolled around, the temperature had risen dramatically, and people began to crawl out of their stuffy tents in search of cool air. For another thing, we needed to dry our sleeping bags and mats in the sun, as they'd grown damp from the humid night air and our sweat.*
Narration: *Like the others, I pulled the bedding out of our tent, spreading them out on a long, flat rock nearby. Naturally, I took Kazuki's as well.*
Narration: *I began to beat the sleeping bags with a tree branch, dust and dead mites flying out in little clouds with every impact. My stomach growled miserably at the exercise.*
Narration: *Just as Kazuki declared yesterday, she had begun to add much of her rations to Hirooka's meals. Of course, this was being kept secret from Hirooka-san herself.*
Narration: *At this rate, Kazuki wouldn't last long. When I told her I was worried, she'd laughed off my worries with some cliche about "starving samurai" making "particularly leisurely use of their toothpick," then added that "A leader doesn't need to eat. They just need to act like they're eating."*
Narration: *The words had given me a bit of a start. It was certainly true that everyone was relying on Kazuki, but I was surprised she'd come to think of herself as a "leader."*
Narration: *All of a sudden, I heard someone shouting in a clearly angry tone of voice, and my hand stopped in mid-swing.*
Narration: *Sound carries well through humid air; the bellowing voice of our team's advisor, Mr. Ochi, reverberated impressively around the rocky valley.*
Ochi: Who stole it!? Whoever stole the food from my luggage, come forward right now!
Narration: *I didn't understand the exact details, but apparently someone had stolen food from Mr. Ochi's personal belongings. In the distance, I saw him lifting his rucksack high in the air, his face flushed red with anger.*
Narration: *Glancing around the area, I found the others who had left their tents fixedly studying the ground, carefully avoiding eye contact with our teacher.*
Narration: *Kaneda-senpai, still focused on scraping out the burnt grains of rice stuck in the corners of her cooker, softly mumbled "...What a joke..." without even raising her head.*
Ochi: Who was it!? If you honestly admit it here and now, I'll consider going easy on you!
Sakuma: Are you sure it's not a misunderstanding, Sir?
Ochi: Absolutely impossible!
Sakuma: ...What exactly disappeared, then?
Ochi: That's... not important.
Narration: *Mr. Ochi stumbled awkwardly over his words. From the looks of things, the missing food had probably been something he'd hidden away instead of contributing to the common stock.*
Ochi: In any case, somebody here must've stolen it!
Narration: *Even now, his shouts bore the righteous, authoritative tone of a scolding teacher. But we weren't in the classroom. His students responded only with irritated scowls.*
Narration: *Of course, I also furrowed my brow at Mr. Ochi's actions.*
Narration: *No matter how much he bellowed, it was perfectly obvious the culprit wasn't going to come forward.*
Narration: *And in doing so, he was planting the idea of "stealing from others" in the minds of all the girls who'd been honestly enduring their hunger until now.*
Narration: *"So if I get hungry, I can just steal food from someone, right? As long as I keep my mouth shut, nobody's going to find out. And it looks like everybody else is doing it, anyway."*
Narration: *The only thing Mr. Ochi was accomplishing with his tirade was sowing these dangerous thoughts in the back of our minds.*
Narration: *When the single carrot went missing from Koide-senpai's tent earlier, Kazuki had skillfully concealed the incident in order to avoid this exact situation. Now it was all for naught.*
Narration: *Without a doubt, this problem would reoccur in the future.*
Narration: *In order for people to live as human beings, three basic rules need to be respected.*
Narration: *1. Don't steal. 2. Don't destroy. 3. Don't kill. Three broad principles that define the minimum standard of ethical behavior.*
Narration: *And in our little community, one of those three had just been irrevocably broken.*
Narration: *They say that liars often end up as thieves, but the opposite is just as true. When we become thieves, we begin to lie. Deceiving and deceived in turn, we snatch the food from each others' mouths.*
Narration: *Before long, accusations fly. Thefts become brazen, retaliatory. Fist fights break out.*
Narration: *In the end, some turn to outright violence. Attacking others, destroying their property, taking what they want by force.*
Narration: *All trust is lost.*
Narration: *If things were to reach that stage, it would all be over. None of us would survive.*
Narration: *We would destroy ourselves over scraps of food.*
Narration: *...Kazuki had anticipated this outcome from the very beginning.*
Narration: *That afternoon, I was in the forest with Kazuki, gathering edible plants, brooding on the morning's events. I'd long since lost track of how many times I'd asked her the question on my tongue, but I couldn't help myself.*
Amane: Hey, Kazuki... what's going to happen to us...?
Kazuki: That's 14, now.
Amane: ...Huh?
Kazuki: I'm referring to the number of times you've asked me that question.
Amane: Why are you even counting that...?
Kazuki: I wanted to make sure I had an answer if you ever wanted to know just how repetitious you are.
Narration: *And Kazuki's reply, too, was the same repetitive phrase as always.*
Narration: *"What will be will be. There's no way to know how this will end."*
Narration: *She certainly seemed fond of it, but to be honest, I'd always thought it was a bit of a non-answer. Certainly didn't make me feel much better.*
Kazuki: It seems Mr. Ochi will be leaving us tomorrow morning.
Amane: Leaving us... why!?
Kazuki: It seems his investigation over the last few days has left him cautiously optimistic about the prospect of descending the mountain.
Narration: *Apparently, having finally decided just yesterday to leave and get help, Mr. Ochi had been preparing for his departure this morning. During this process, he noticed the hidden food had gone missing from his rucksack.*
Kazuki: It seems he'd been holding on to a leftover mini-salami he'd brought to the camp as a complement to his surreptitious evening beer.
Amane: Salami, huh...
Narration: *An Italian sausage... Ground pork, seasoned with spices and cured by drying. Preserved food like that would make for ideal rations, as it doesn't go bad easily.*
Narration: *You could slice it up thinly and drop it on pizza, or maybe mince it and mix it into a big plate of pasta... Just imagining the spicy, salty taste left my mouth overflowing with drool.*
Amane: I wonder who stole it...?
Kazuki: That's not a critical problem... Mr. Ochi himself seemed more shocked that no one came forward. To put it in his words, "I just can't take this anymore." He looked about ready to cry.
Amane: I see...
Narration: *From the beginning, Mr. Ochi had said he wasn't really "cut out for this job."*
Narration: *As for why, apparently he simply had a hard time dealing with women in general.*
Narration: *Given that his job involved corralling girls at the most emotional stage of adolescence, he found the experience immensely nerve-wracking at the best of times.*
Narration: *And now, of all things, he was living under terrible conditions with a pack of desperate girls, increasingly crushed under the pressure of their excessive expectations―*
Narration: *Really, it was hardly surprising he'd want to make a break for it as soon as humanly possible.*
Amane: What's going to happen to us without him around...?
Kazuki: This may be slightly rude of me, but... to be perfectly honest, I don't think it'll have a particularly large effect on the group as a whole.
Narration: *To be sure, Mr. Ochi was never exactly a powerful presence.*
Narration: *Even during our normal team activities, I'd always thought of him as more of a cushion between the official authority of the school and the day-to-day management, which was almost entirely handled by our team captain.*
Narration: *Still, we had more faith in him than that might suggest - he was an adult with a legal responsibility to us, and as a man he was better physically equipped to handle certain jobs.*
Narration: *His presence here had been subtly reassuring in its way, allowing us to slip back into the comfortingly passive role of "students." And while he wasn't much for stopping our fights, the fact that a "teacher" was watching acted as a significant check on our behavior.*
Narration: *If Mr. Ochi were to leave the camp tomorrow, we'd lose our only real authority figure.*
Narration: *Wasn't there a chance his departure could become the spark that would set off a descent into something uglier...?*
Amane: ...I'm scared, Kazuki...
Kazuki: Don't be. If worse comes to worst, I'll protect you. Okay?
Narration: *You'd think she was an elder sister calming a frightened younger sibling.*
Narration: *Her words were immensely reassuring, but also inspired something very close to shame.*
Narration: *It felt as though I'd just forced another responsibility onto Kazuki's overburdened shoulders out of nothing more than pathetic weakness. My face crumpled bitterly, and I could feel tears building behind my eyes.*
Amane: ...What does "if worse comes to worst" mean...?
Kazuki: The expression is self-explanatory, isn't it? It refers to the possibility of encountering an exceptionally unfavorable situation.
Amane: You're saying this situation is going to get even worse than it already is?
Kazuki: Well, yes. I expect it will.
Kazuki: But there's no need to be concerned. Should it prove necessary, I'm fully prepared to sacrifice anything and everything to protect you... and that means you'll be just fine. I love you, Amane.
Amane: ...N-Nice to hear, but... you don't have to do that. I'll take care of myself...
Kazuki: Oh, will you now? To tell the truth, I do have my hands somewhat full dealing with my own problems. If you could keep yourself safe, it would be quite helpful.
Amane: ...Uugh...
Narration: *Kazuki was just affirming my own words, but for some reason it felt like she was abandoning me. All of a sudden, there was a dull pain in my chest.*
Kazuki: It's all right. You're a strong girl, Amane. Right?
Amane: ...Yeah...
Narration: *"That's right. I can't let myself stay dependent on Kazuki forever..."*
Narration: *I wanted her words to be true. I wanted to be strong. Strong enough to help her; strong enough to protect her; strong enough to be necessary to her.*
Narration: *If I couldn't be strong now, I had the feeling... I'd be weak forever. Always hiding behind the protection of others. Helpless and worthless until the end of my days...*

Narration: *―The ninth day in the valley.*
Narration: *The morning of Mr. Ochi's departure from the camp was, unfortunately, a rainy one.*
Captain: Please take care of yourself, Mr. Ochi...
Narration: *With the exception of the immobile Hirooka-san, everyone gathered in the drizzling rain to see our teacher off.*
Narration: *Mr. Ochi stood before us, a heavy rucksack on his back, impassive to the water running down his glasses. It felt as though I was looking at a young officer about to head off for the front lines.*
Narration: *As a matter of fact, there had been some vaguely sarcastic jokes yesterday about making him one of those "thousand stitch belt" good luck charms the Imperial soldiers used to take to war―*
Narration: *But no matter how unreliable Mr. Ochi had been as a teacher, everyone quietly recognized that he was now our only visible glimmer of hope.*
Narration: *Ten members of the basketball team had survived the fall. Our belt would've come up a good 990 stitches short.*
Narration: *Not to say that we sent him off completely empty-handed, although our gift was less sentimental and more practical. When the rain began to fall this morning, we hastily cut apart trash bags to create a makeshift poncho.*
Narration: *These had been a virtual necessity on rainy days, especially before we constructed the toilet, so we had the hang of making them by this point.*
Narration: *The poncho offered some protection from the rain while allowing free use of both arms. For a short time, at least, it would keep out the wet and prevent your body temperature from falling too dramatically. That said, in the end it was a pretty flimsy thing―*
Narration: *And on a cosmetic level, it was not only distinctly ugly, it made an irritating rustling sound every time you took a step. Nonetheless, Mr. Ochi accepted it with a sincerely grateful "thank you."*
Ochi: All right, I'm going now. I'll get help, no matter what it takes. Until then... please, just hold out somehow.
Narration: *With those brief words, Mr. Ochi turned his back on us and immediately began to walk off. Lingering for a long farewell would have been a waste of daylight hours.*
Narration: *Once inside the forest, the thick tree canopy would block out most of the sun's light. We knew all too well how poor his visibility would be in this rain, which would soon transform the jungle into a misty, unfamiliar labyrinth.*
Narration: *Of course, some suggested postponing any action until the weather improved. But if we delayed over the rain, it felt entirely possible we'd keep finding excuses to put off that first step.*
Narration: *Maybe tomorrow it would be "too hot," or somebody would feel "too sick." Before long, sheer inertia would glue us to our comfortable sleeping bags.*
Narration: *Because he understood that, Mr. Ochi had made the firm decision to leave today, regardless of conditions.*
Narration: *We watched him marching bravely down toward the forest, unable to keep the unease from our faces. If we'd had little rising sun flags to flap around, we wouldn't have looked out of place in a sixty-year-old photograph.*
Narration: *But unlike the relatives of those doomed soldiers, our anxiety was accompanied by an undercurrent of guilt. We weren't afraid for our teacher's well-being; we were worried about our own uncertain future.*
Amane: ...Will Mr. Ochi be all right?
Narration: *The words spilled spontaneously out of my mouth. Sakuma-senpai, who'd been standing at my side throughout the little ceremony, glanced over.*
Sakuma: Well, to be honest... I don't think we should expect too much.
Narration: *Sakuma's tone of voice was resigned, almost detached. The first to respond was Ibuki, who'd been standing at her partner's side, her limbs shivering in the cold rain.*
Ibuki: ...He took half our food with him, you know? We'd better get something to show for that...
Narration: *Kaneda-senpai, as always scratching vigorously away at the bandage on her forehead, gave a little snort of laughter at Ibuki's words.*
Kaneda: I mean, wasn't the guy a tennis player in college? He's probably in pretty decent shape, right...?
Narration: *Next in line stood Komori-san, her miniature dog's face peeping out from the neck of her school uniform.*
Komori: Why would a tennis player be coaching a basketball team...?
Narration: *At Komori's other side, Sakurai was pressing her hands against her stomach wound, bending over slightly to shield it from the rain. As the conversation seemed to be moving neatly down the line, she tentatively opened her mouth and spoke.*
Sakurai: ...Men who join the tennis team in college are really just looking to hit on girls, aren't they? You know, the same sort of guys who join the ski club in winter.
Narration: *Apparently amused to hear these words from the normally meek and refined Sakurai-senpai, Kazuki chuckled lightly at her side.*
Kazuki: ...Sadly enough, I'm afraid you're pretty much on the money...
Narration: *Her eyes fixed on Mr. Ochi as his figure grew small in the distance, Koide-senpai responded to Kazuki's words with an anxious frown.*
Ritsu: Is he... really going to be okay...?
Narration: *Now that he had set forth, there was nothing more we could do either way. It was in the hands of fate now.*
Narration: *Sakuma-senpai gave a wry little snort. Lately, her prowess at playing cards had allowed her to push most of her chores onto others, and her attitude was getting increasingly irreverent as her leisure time grew.*
Sakuma: Nothin' to do now but see how the cards fall. The odds might suck, but hey, gambling's no fun when you play it safe!
Narration: *Clearly irritated by Sakuma's flippant tone, Captain Sakashita finally broke her silent vigil.*
Captain: This isn't a game! If you have the free time to make idiotic jokes, there are plenty of more productive ways you could be using it!
Sakuma: Yeah, yeah. Don't mind me.
Narration: *Sakuma's typically indifferent response earned her a brief, withering glare. After a moment, the captain turned sharply on her heel and stalked off toward her tent without another word.*
Narration: *Heaving a small sigh at this abrupt departure, Koide gave a light nod of acknowledgement to Kazuki, then trotted off to follow her partner.*
Sakuma: You know... it's kinda amazing to me that Sakashita can still rant like that under these circumstances. Really drives home just how miserable a human being can get...
Sakuma: Watchin' her actually calms me down, you know? "Gotta keep my perspective or I'll end up like that." Kind of a good negative example, if nothing else...
Narration: *Obeying someone simply because they outshout any voices of opposition is the height of foolishness. Over the days we'd spent here, that realization had sunk deeply into our very bones.*
Narration: *At moments like these, everyone's gaze would naturally settle on Kazuki.*
Narration: *They turned to a freshman, a small girl no taller than 150 centimeters, with eyes of absolute trust.*
Narration: *The third-years among us were no exception. The vaguely rebellious Sakuma seemed to have concluded in characteristically happy-go-lucky style that "When Kazami's around, life's a lot easier."*
Narration: *And having essentially entrusted her life to Kazuki as a patient, Sakurai-senpai had even begun to politely address her with an honorific.*
Kazuki: Putting aside her tone, Captain Sakashita's words were undeniably correct. If we have the time to enjoy a leisurely griping session, let's put it to use searching for food instead.
Narration: *There was no changing the fact that we'd given half of our already meager stockpile to Mr. Ochi. From today on, our meals would be all the more grimly austere.*
Narration: *Even so, he'd only taken enough food for two days, along with two liters of sterilized water in plastic bottles. From a simple estimate of the calories he'd be consuming and burning, he'd last four days at the longest.*
Narration: *Although Mr. Ochi had estimated that three days of consistent progress would bring him to human habitation, we all knew perfectly well that he wouldn't be able to simply stroll straight through that forest―*
Narration: *But he himself was probably more familiar with that harsh reality than any of us, so we kept our silence.*
Sakuma: Ugggh, we're gonna go into the forest in this rain...?
Ibuki: What are you complaining about? Even when you do go, you're always just wandering around aimlessly instead of doing any actual work...
Sakuma: Sadly, I'm an aristocrat by nature. My body rebels against such peasant labor.
Ibuki: ...I'd like to ask you a serious question, if that's all right.
Sakuma: What's up? Spit it out.
Ibuki: Can I please punch you in the face? One hard punch, for the common good! In place of Mr. Ochi, who went into the woods alone while you cracked stupid jokes!
Sakuma: If it'd make you feel better, go for it. Just try not to hurt me too bad, okay?
Ibuki: ...How many times do I have to tell you!? Don't touch my hair!
Narration: *Harshly slapping aside Sakuma-senpai's hand, Ibuki stamped off toward the forest alone.*
Narration: *Watching her partner go, Sakuma spread her arms, turned her palms to the sky, and offered an exaggerated shrug of the shoulders to no one in particular. But soon enough, she followed without a word.*
Narration: *All said and done, they were a friendly pair.*
Kaneda: What should we do with ourselves?
Narration: *Fiddling with her rain-wet bandage as she brushed her hair out of her eyes, Kaneda-senpai turned to address her partner, Komori.*
Narration: *Staring down at the dog nestled against her chest, Komori-senpai answered in an apologetic tone of voice.*
Komori: ...I'm sorry, A-kun seems to be under the weather today...
Kaneda: What, again...? That dog always gets sick when it rains. What's the deal, anyway? "Girl, when it's all humid my bangs go sooo out of control, so like, hell no," or something?
Komori: Aha, I think that's a bit far-fetched...
Kaneda: Well, whatever. I'll go today. You can wait with your dog in the tent.
Komori: I'm very sorry...
Narration: *Kaneda set off with broad strides, apparently trying to play up her self-assigned role as the manly big brother of the "household." Komori hurried off as well, leaning over the dog in her uniform to shield it from the elements.*
Narration: *"Well then, what about us...?"*
Narration: *When I glanced over in Kazuki's direction, I was surprised to find Sakurai-senpai still loitering quietly by her side. When our eyes met, Sakurai gave me a gentle smile, then cocked her head slightly to one side as if to say "Is something the matter?"*
Narration: *Staring into her face, I couldn't help thinking she really was a good bit more beautiful than the average pin-up you'd find in a cheap men's magazine.*
Amane: ...Uhm... what are you planning to do next, Sakurai-senpai?
Sakurai: Well... I owe you two a great many favors by now. If possible, I'd like to join you on the foraging expedition...
Amane: That would be a help, but... are you sure you should be doing that?
Sakurai: I think it'll be all right. The injury to my stomach has been getting much better...
Kazuki: You can't go.
Sakurai: ...But I...
Kazuki: I understand your feelings, and I do appreciate the sentiment, but if you overdo things now you'll take another turn for the worse. Sakurai-san, please return to the tent and look after Hirooka-san.
Sakurai: ...That's boring...
Kazuki: Foraging for food isn't much fun either. You weren't that sturdy a young lady to begin with, you know? Listen to your doctor's orders.
Sakurai: ...Yes, ma'am... Pekew...!
Amane: Huh? What was that?
Kazuki: It was a sneeze.
Amane: Huh? Seriously? What kind of a sneeze is "Pekew?"
Kazuki: Sakurai-san may certainly appear flawless on initial examination, but sadly, her sneezes are consistently and irredeemably bizarre.
Sakurai: ...Uggh. I'm self-conscious about that, you know...
Kazuki: Never mind that. Please head back to your tent. The last thing I need is you catching pneumonia in this rain. My workload is quite large enough as it is.
Sakurai: Yes, yes.♪
Narration: *Smiling sweetly, Sakurai patted Kazuki on the head, then obediently walked off toward her tent - that is, the large tent where Hirooka-san was waiting.*
Amane: ...Sakurai-senpai really is gorgeous.
Kazuki: True enough. And she has a rather pleasant, docile personality, as well. She might've made a rather convincing beauty queen. It's a shame she likely won't be able to wear any bathing suits that expose the belly from now on...
Amane: ...Oh...
Narration: *As she watched Sakurai-senpai walk away, her thin arms shielding her stomach, Kazuki's profile betrayed a hint of sadness.*
Narration: *Sakurai's parents had probably been planning to bring their daughter into the world of show business sooner or later. What would they think when they saw that wound across her belly?*
Narration: *An ugly, jagged dark-red gash, discharging pus faster than we could clean and disinfect it...*
Narration: *Would they be overjoyed their daughter had at least survived, or hurt by her misfortune?*
Kazuki: ...We should be on our way as well.
Amane: Yeah, you're right...
Narration: *When I stared down at the misty jungle, I could see the indistinct shapes of human beings wriggling into the trees in search of sustenance.*
Narration: *We were stumbling in fog. Nothing to guide us, nothing but the unknown ahead, clawing desperately for survival. How long would this go on? How long until fortune smiled on us? How long until we could rest?*
Narration: *"What will be will be. There's no way to know how this will end."*
Narration: *"For now, we just need to do what we can."*
Narration: *For now, those words were still enough to keep my feet moving, but I was beginning to feel that the limits of my endurance might be approaching.*
Narration: *Even so, as Kazami Kazuki made her way down the valley, the only thought in my mind was to follow her. By now, I'd stopped even considering any other course of action.*

Narration: *―The tenth day in the valley.*
Amane: Rain yet again. I'm beyond sick of it. The instant it starts coming down, I can just feel all the energy draining right out of my body. My head feels like a brick.
Amane: Even inside the tent, the water just keeps seeping into everything. And probably thanks to the constant moisture, there's this increasingly nasty smell of moss or mold in the air.
Amane: For the last few days, the rain has been growing heavier. It feels like we're entering the rainy season in earnest. Today, it's a very persistent storm, and I don't think it's likely to let up any time soon. Somehow, I can tell from the sound of the raindrops against the canvas.
Amane: On that subject, the bigger rain drops that happen to sneak directly through the cracks in the trees hit the tent with random timing, making the sound very hard to tune out. It's getting maddening at this point... Although I suppose my empty stomach is the major cause of my irritation.
Amane: I've picked up this persistent vocal tic of moaning "Arrgh, I'm hungry" at random intervals. Recently, Kazuki's started to get pissed off by it. She'll shoot me that little frown of hers and say "I'm well aware of that, thank you."
Amane: If I keep complaining anyway, she ends up yelling "Shut up and go to sleep!" or something...
Kazuki: ...Excuse me, but I don't remember saying any such thing.
Amane: ...Huh?
Kazuki: As I recall, I merely said "When there's nothing to be accomplished by moving, sleeping is a vital job in its own right."
Amane: Geez, Kazuki, don't peek over my shoulder when I'm writing in my diary...
Kazuki: I didn't peek at anything... you've simply been speaking out loud as you write. I had no choice but to overhear, you know?
Amane: ...Huh? No way...
Kazuki: Seems you weren't even aware... This is quite the serious condition. Do be careful about this, Amane. You were rather reminiscent of a chef mumbling complaints to himself as he cooks his customer's pork cutlets. Distinctly creepy.
Amane: The heck is with that analogy? I don't really get it, but can you not stare seriously into my eyes as you call me creepy? It's not doing wonders for my self-esteem...
Kazuki: Here, I'll let you have a snail I caught. Gnaw on that and cheer up a bit.
Amane: ...Uggh... I'm sick of escargot... I really want to eat something that isn't a slippery little bug for once...
Kazuki: Snails are land molluscs, you know? Well, I suppose they're all invertebrates, so the distinction may seem somewhat academic... but more importantly, Amane...
Amane: ...Hm?
Narration: *Kazuki pointed to her cheek with one finger, as if to tell me I had a grain of rice stuck to the corner of my mouth.*
Narration: *After a brief moment of confusion, I brought my hand up to my face. My fingers quickly found something slimy on my cheek.*
Narration: *That is to say, a leech.*
Amane: Ah...
Narration: *I'd grown exceptionally tough-minded about this sort of thing. Another leech wasn't going to get a scream out of me this late in the game.*
Narration: *Carefully peeling the creature off my cheek, I held it between the fingertips of both hands, dug my nails into its body, and ripped it apart.*
Narration: *This was another lovely side-effect of the rain. Leeches had begun to find their way inside our tent.*
Narration: *After waking up, peeling the blood suckers off my body was becoming the first part of my daily routine.*
Narration: *First and foremost, I had to peel them off my eyelids.*
Narration: *Next, the ones sticking to my neck, wrist, and ankles. The leeches seemed to have a particular fondness for these points where the body grows narrow.*
Narration: *Other than that, they'd also go for places where the skin was thin: the back of my knees and elbows, my armpits, my groin. There were even a few that burrowed in between my toes, as if trying to make themselves a cozy little nest.*
Narration: *The first few times this happened, we'd shriek hysterically when we woke, but after a few days we'd lost the will to even moan―*
Narration: *And either our bodies had developed a resistance to hirudin, or we'd just gotten used to treating the bites, as the trickle of blood from the wounds would now stop after only an hour or so.*
Narration: *Kazuki speculated our growing sodium deficiency might be affecting the salinity of our blood, but there was no way to tell for sure.*
Narration: *As the day crept into evening without a break in the rain, Kazuki and I headed to the large tent in order to visit Hirooka-san and Sakurai-senpai.*
Narration: *Outside, I started the usual fire under the primitive stove, made the usual thin, watery weed soup, and boiled the usual bucket of hot water.*
Narration: *With the gruel in my right hand and the hot water in my left, I made my way to the hospital tent.*
Narration: *It was important to remember which was in which hand, since it was no longer obvious which was the water and which the gruel.*
Narration: *Calling it "gruel" was a bit of a joke by this point. At a glance, it looked more like stone soup.*
Narration: *Even so, since we were mixing in a bit of the rice distributed to Kazuki and me, the wounded Sakurai and Hirooka were still eating slightly better than the rest of us.*
Amane: I boiled the water.
Kazuki: Thank you, Amane. Could you please sterilize this washcloth in the water, then use it to wipe Hirooka-san's body?
Amane: ...Yeah, will do.
Narration: *Kazuki didn't turn around when I entered the tent. She was steadily unwinding the yellow-stained bandages from Sakurai's stomach and removing the gauze from her wound to be replaced.*
Narration: *We'd washed the gauze over and over in boiling water to the point it was beginning to blacken; it made for all the more striking a contrast against the yellow pus that permeated its surface.*
Narration: *No matter how many times we carefully disinfected Sakurai's laceration, the suppuration wasn't showing any signs of stopping.*
Narration: *If we weren't in this situation, it surely wouldn't have been difficult to treat. But given our unsanitary conditions and utter lack of medical supplies, we simply couldn't stop the bacteria from multiplying.*
Narration: *Above all else, the patient wasn't getting the nutrition her body needed to fight its way to recovery.*
Narration: *When I reached out for the dirty gauze in order to sterilize it for reuse, I noticed something squirming on its surface.*
Narration: *It was a maggot.*
Narration: *Thrashing its fat little body madly from within the depths of the pus that had soaked into the gauze, it almost seemed to be consciously trying to crawl back toward Sakurai's stomach.*
Kazuki: ...I'm all right here. Please focus on Hirooka-san...
Amane: O-Okay...
Narration: *Immersing the washcloth (a strip of cloth cut from an old t-shirt) in the hot water, I left it to soak and began to unbutton Hirooka-san's uniform.*
Narration: *At first, she'd been quite embarrassed to be seen naked, but by now she submitted quietly without even squirming.*
Narration: *She might simply have lost the energy necessary to feel shame.*
Narration: *Hirooka-san's chest had withered dramatically since the first time I'd wiped her clean. Her ribs stood out distinctly against the surface of her skin.*
Narration: *And that skin was mottled here and there with small white flecks.*
Narration: *The small, fuzzy little spots could be dusted off by hand. At first, I'd thought them to be something like cotton dust from her sleeping bag.*
Narration: *But when I asked Kazuki, I learned for the first time that mold can grow on a living human body.*
Narration: *Hirooka-san was covered in pale white mildew.*
Amane: ...Hold on just a second, okay? I'll wipe it off with a hot towel right away.
Hirooka: ...st... nt to... ie...
Amane: Hm? What? I didn't hear you.
Narration: *Hirooka's dry, cracked lips were moving slightly.*
Narration: *I lowered my ear to her mouth.*
Hirooka: ...I just... want to... die...
Amane: It's okay... It's just a little mold...
Narration: *Scooping the washcloth out of the hot water with a pair of chopsticks, I waited for it to cool below scalding, then gave it a vigorous squeeze.*
Hirooka: ...My whole body... is so itchy... I'm going out of my mind... I can't take this anymore...
Amane: Hold on... I'll get you clean in no time.
Narration: *I dropped the moderately hot towel against Hirooka-san's body and began to wipe. The mold came off cleanly, but underneath, there were innumerable angry, swollen red welts where fingernails had dug into her flesh.*
Amane: You really need to try not to scratch, remember...?
Narration: *The more she scratched, the more she spread the mold across her body.*
Hirooka: ...I'm sorry... I just... couldn't... stand it...
Narration: *Wide-scale, unrelenting itchiness is absolute torment. No matter how firmly you're told not to scratch, you'll unconsciously claw at your body while asleep.*
Narration: *Hirooka-san's reflexive habit had grown so extreme that we'd actually tried binding her hands to prevent this. That night, she had woken the entire camp screaming.*
Narration: *Writhing her body against her restraints, she had scraped her body against the hard ground, crying again and again for help.*
Hirooka: ...Thank you, Suou-san... That feels nice...
Narration: *When I wiped her body clean, the itchiness would reduce at once. She described it as almost a blissful sensation.*
Narration: *Even so, that comfort would last an hour or two at most.*
Narration: *Once wrapped up in her sleeping bag, the itchiness would return as her body temperature began to rise. I was now making the time-consuming trip to wipe her clean many times a day.*
Hirooka: ...Sorry... I'm nothing but a burden, aren't I...? I really am sorry... But I'm sure... I'll die soon, okay...? Until then... I'm sorry...
Amane: It's okay. Don't talk like that, all right? I'm just wiping you off. I'll do that much any time. Try to cheer up.
Narration: *If anything, it was bitterly sad to know there was nothing more I could do for her, no matter how hard I tried.*
Hirooka: ...Suou-san... I'll... repay your kindness someday...
Amane: Yeah, you do that. So first off, you've got to survive this, right?
Hirooka: ...Even... if I die... I'll never, ever forget this...
Narration: *As she spoke, tears began to run in little streams down Hirooka-san's face.*
Amane: Look, please don't say stuff like that, okay? It's fine. You're not going to die.
Narration: *Wiping a tear from Hirooka-san's cheek with the tip of my finger, I reflexively brought it to my mouth.*
Narration: *Hirooka-san's tears were still salty...*
Narration: *I was slightly envious of that.*

Narration: *―The eleventh day in the valley.*
Narration: *It was still raining. It had never stopped raining.*
Narration: *There was nothing to do but sit around shivering and wait for the weather to clear.*
Narration: *Doing nothing all day took a surprisingly heavy toll in its own right. After ten minutes or so of aimless idleness, you'd be seized by an anxious, impatient need to do something - anything. But it was impossible to step outside even briefly without being drenched in the downpour.*
Narration: *The cold rain would drain your energy with terrifying swiftness, and once you got wet, you stayed that way. We knew it was dangerous to stay in soaked clothes, but we just didn't have the means to get them dry.*
Narration: *The constant seeping rainwater had begun to corrode the thin material that made up the bottom of our tent. Lying down, even with the buffer of the sleeping mat, would leave our whole bodies sopping wet. We had no choice but to sit and wait.*
Narration: *In the afternoon, the rain slowed to a heavy drizzle. I had just managed to get a cooking fire going when an eerie sound began to echo across the camp. Someone was singing loudly. It was unmistakably Ibuki's voice.*
Kaneda: ...Finally lost it, huh?
Narration: *Kaneda laughed harshly, an ugly, contorted excuse for a smile on her face.*
Kaneda: Shut the hell up, Ibuki!!
Narration: *In an attempt to end the mournful, grimace-inducing dirge, Kaneda-senpai hurled a rock in Ibuki's direction.*
Narration: *The stone fell a few feet short, and Ibuki turned in our direction to examine it. Her face was ghastly white, her skin dull. It looked as though she had aged twenty years in the last few days.*
Narration: *Picking up the muddy stone, Ibuki pressed it to her nose and sniffed curiously. Apparently deciding it wasn't food, she tossed it casually aside and continued her song.*
Narration: *When the world grows warped around you, those who can't bend simply break.*
Narration: *But watching Ibuki caterwauling idly up at the raincloud-filled sky as if to summon the sun, I wondered if derangement might sometimes be a blessing rather than a curse.*
Kaneda: ...What is wrong with her? She goes totally off into la-la land like that every once in a while, but after a while she'll start talking normally again, and eventually she's back to the same old Buki...
Amane: ...It's apparently a symptom of undernutrition...
Kaneda: So, what? Are we going to end up like that eventually too...?
Amane: Kaneda-senpai... were you on a diet before coming here or anything like that?
Kaneda: Na-yope.
Amane: Then I think you'll probably be all right.
Narration: *From what Kazuki had told me, Ibuki had been repeatedly subjecting herself to severe, gimmicky diets over the last few months, leaving her with chronic vitamin deficiencies.*
Narration: *Since arriving here, that pre-existing condition had apparently worsened the effects of malnutrition on her body, giving rise to impaired brain function.*
Kaneda: ...Wonderful, just what we need... To be honest, Komori's not holding it together too well herself...
Narration: *Komori was still shut up in their tent, nursing her dog through a high fever. Apparently, she was feeding every scrap of her rations to the animal.*
Kaneda: Her family runs a candy store, y'know? Both her parents were always busy, never really had the time to bother with her, and she doesn't have any brothers or sisters... so I guess she sort of made dogs into her siblings, or something? I mean, I know where's she's coming from, but...
Narration: *Even as Kaneda spoke those carefully neutral words, her mouth was twisted with undisguised loathing. Her true feelings were written on her face: she unambiguously hated that feverish, immobile little dog. It was of no use to her, and so she wanted it to disappear; it was as simple as that.*
Kaneda: Everyone's getting weaker and weaker. At this rate, we're all going to die...
Narration: *I understood from the tone of her voice that this wasn't more of the usual gallows humor.*
Narration: *I understood with such painful clarity that I wished she'd said nothing at all.*
Narration: *Glancing up at the sky as the rain began to intensify yet again, I slowly picked myself up off my seat of rock.*
Narration: *"I can't take this."*
Narration: *Couldn't we at least catch a break on this rain? It was adding insult to injury.*
Narration: *Knowing full well that it was ridiculous, I did my best whiny preschooler impression and asked Kazuki to "Make the rain stop."*
Kazuki: ...As I keep telling you, I'm not God.
Amane: C'mon, you're in the same neighborhood, right?
Narration: *Everyone called Kazuki a witch. Well, except for the ones who called her a monster.*
Narration: *In that case, a little rain magic shouldn't be too much to ask for, right?*
Narration: *I mean, I knew it was idiotic, but asking is free.*
Narration: *In response to my challenge, Kazuki closed both eyes and exhaled heavily through her nose, as if to say "Oh, very well then." And lifting both arms toward the sky, she spoke to the heavens―*
Narration: *To wit, "Oh rain... I command you to bego... aaaaawn." An exceptionally half-hearted command that dissolved into an open-mouthed yawn at the end.*
Narration: *I appreciated that she was considerate enough to play along with my nonsense, but if she was going to bother, couldn't she have at least pretended she was taking it seriously...?*
Narration: *But, well, as it turned out... an hour or so after that, maybe, the rain really did come to a sudden stop. You had to laugh.*
Narration: *Kazuki craned her neck back, idly gazing up as the clouds flowed peacefully by―*
Kazuki: ...Don't knock it until you try it, as they say...
Narration: *―And spoke characteristically impudent words in her characteristically sleepy voice.*
Narration: *Staring at her face from the side, I felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. The witch theory was seeming... increasingly plausible.*
Narration: *Not that, on reflection, I really cared if she was some sort of black magician. It'd be nice to have one on our side right about now.*
Narration: *"If I ask her to spirit everyone to safety for her next trick, I wonder what'd happen?"*
Narration: *Asking's free, after all... I looked over at Kazuki, debating whether to throw this new challenge at her. But before I could decide, she stared up into my eyes and spoke.*
Kazuki: ...It can't be everyone. I already said as much.
Amane: I keep telling you... it's bad manners to answer the question before I ask it...
Kazuki: Your thoughts always appear in bold type on your face the instant they pop into your head. It's quite convenient.
Narration: *"It can't be everyone."*
Narration: *Her tone of voice was surprisingly breezy, but somehow also exceptionally firm. As if the outcome was set in stone. As if she was merely repeating an established fact.*
Narration: *Kazuki's internal calculations must've established something very close to a 100% possibility that more of us would die in this place.*
Narration: *I repeatedly asked her about the details of her predictions, receiving only variations of the frustrating non-answer "If I told you, the future I've predicted would change."*
Narration: *When I finally told her that changing this future sounded like a pretty good idea to me, she coolly replied "Even if it would mean none of us survive at all?" and I found myself at an utter loss for words.*
Narration: *Well, maybe not utter. There was still one old reliable that came to mind.*
Amane: ...Ugh...!
Kazuki: ............
Kazuki: ...Are we done here?
Narration: *Don't look at me like that.*
Narration: *I'm perfectly aware that I'm an idiot. You don't have to rub it in...*
Narration: *Even now, Kazuki said the possibility of everyone surviving wasn't quite zero.*
Narration: *By believing in those words, I could hold onto hope.*
Narration: *If I had hope, I could find the strength to go on.*
Narration: *"Yeah, that's right. I have to be stronger than this..."*
Narration: *But it was hard. It was very hard. A full two days had passed since Mr. Ochi left the camp, and as always, there were no signs of rescuers active nearby. Naturally, our teacher hadn't returned either.*
Narration: *"Is Mr. Ochi lying dead in a ditch somewhere...?"*
Narration: *"Maybe he's gotten to some safe place and just abandoned us here?"*
Narration: *"What do we do if he never comes back?"*
Narration: *Amid a flurry of aimless speculation, we passed the days waiting for help to arrive.*
Narration: *They didn't come today, but they'll definitely come tomorrow.*
Narration: *They didn't come today either, but they'll probably come tomorrow.*
Narration: *Mr. Ochi said he'd get help "no matter what" when he left here.*
Narration: *Not even half the group really believed it.*
Narration: *But even so, somewhere deep down every one of us was clinging to that glimmer of hope. Maybe, just maybe, he'd save us all.*
Narration: *That "maybe" grew feebler by the day, eroded by cruel reality.*
Narration: *Even as we came to understand that waiting would only bring us a slow death, we clung to that shred of hope, piling speculation upon speculation―*
Narration: *We built excuses out of sand. We convinced ourselves it was too early to decide. We stayed where we were, and we waited for nothing.*
Narration: *Trapped in oblivious lethargy, we lived for nothing but to avoid death.*
Narration: *When our stomachs growled, we chewed on blades of grass and insects. When our throats were parched, we gulped from the first puddle of dirty water we saw.*
Narration: *Naturally, it wasn't long before our stomachs turned violently against us.*
Narration: *Somebody said chewing bamboo charcoal might be effective against diarrhea. Within hours, everyone's mouth was stained black.*
Narration: *We searched and searched for anything edible. As long as it was organic and digestible, we ate it. Anything and everything. The rest of our time was spent lying in our sleeping bags, stroking our cramping, weak stomachs as we pretended to sleep.*
Narration: *If we were lucky enough to fall unconscious, there was a brief respite from the pain.*

Narration: *―The twelfth day in the valley.*
Narration: *Lately, I was waking every morning from dreams of food.*
Narration: *Walking in the forest, I come across a trailer cart with broken wheels. When I draw close and look over the edge, there's a huge cardboard box full of canned food just sitting inside.*
Narration: *Not just full - bursting at the seams. There are dozens of cans in that box. Beef boiled with soy sauce and ginger, mackerel cooked in miso, even canned peaches and pineapples.*
Narration: *Untucking my shirt to make a pouch, I cautiously load it full of cans, making sure to stay alert and keep an eye on my surroundings.*
Narration: *If I bring all this back, everyone will be able to eat until our stomachs are bulging. What a fantastic windfall. The looks on their faces when I come back! Not to worry, we have a can opener.*
Narration: *But seriously, what was a bike cart doing all the way up in the mountains in the first place...? A moment after that doubt flashes through my mind, I abruptly realize "Oh. This is a dream."*
Narration: *Anyway, I'll just take these back to camp now. Let's all gorge ourselves until we can't eat another bite.*
Narration: *I tried to focus on that thought, but once the first realization hit, I could never manage to fall back into the illusion.*
Narration: *Mostly, I would wake up with a start at this point.*
Narration: *The instant my eyes opened, my stomach began gurgling violently, and the wrenching physical pain of it twisted my face into a miserable grimace.*
Narration: *Even if it was a dream, I wish I'd at least taken a bite― when I wrapped up the story at this point, everyone would always laugh. "You're such an idiot, Amane."*
Narration: *"I'd hide half the food."*
Narration: *"I'd give everybody one can, then hide the rest."*
Narration: *"I'd hide the whole stash and eat it in secret."*
Narration: *The majority openly admitted something along these lines, then added with clear amusement that I was "probably the only one stupid enough to come skipping right back without a second thought."*
Narration: *It was now the twelfth day. Twelve days we'd spent living worse than stray dogs.*
Narration: *Even among those who had been comparatively healthy, unmistakable symptoms of weakening were beginning to appear. The soft footsteps of death creeping steadily up behind us were growing impossible to ignore. Our nerves were rubbed raw from tension, our spirits timid and fearful.*
Narration: *The first to be caught by our shadowy pursuer was Komori-san's pet... "A-kun," the Shih Tzu Alione.*
Narration: *It wasn't a durable breed by nature, and what food we had simply wasn't suitable for a dog with a weak stomach―*
Narration: *And so, having fallen into a high fever during the days of relentless rain, Alione simply never opened his eyes again. He died quietly early this morning.*
Komori: ...A-kun...
Narration: *Kneeling in front of the lifeless body, flat on its side with limbs stiffly extended, Komori-san removed the collar from Alione's neck and wrapped it around her thin wrist.*
Narration: *That dog had been like a brother to Komori, but she didn't break into loud wails over its corpse. Her strangled sobs forced their way out from behind clenched teeth, seeming all the more piteous for it.*
Narration: *Nobody could find anything to say to her. After a time, someone mumbled about at least giving the animal a proper burial. Kazuki immediately raised an objection.*
Kazuki: What's this? Aren't we going to eat it?
Narration: *We'd all been vaguely thinking it, but deeply-ingrained social norms had kept us from admitting that even to ourselves. And yet, Kazuki had blurted it out almost casually.*
Amane: Eat it...? The dog...?
Kazuki: Yes. Let's have the poor creature be of use to us.
Narration: *At Kazuki's typically cold words, every one of us sharply drew breath.*
Narration: *"Eat...?"*
Narration: *Yes. There was nothing in the world we wanted to do more at this moment.*
Narration: *The dog in front of us was nothing but a corpse.*
Narration: *Now that it was dead, it was no longer a "dog." It was "meat."*
Narration: *Would it be okay... to eat a dog that died from sickness...?*
Narration: *It was Kazuki's suggestion, so presumably it was safe. But...*
Narration: *Surely we couldn't start talking about this right in front of the grieving Komori-san, and this whole idea just felt so... wrong...*
Narration: *We all hesitated. The silence grew.*
Narration: *To be honest, we wanted to eat it.*
Narration: *But something inside us was still offering considerable resistance to the idea.*
Narration: *Nobody could make up their own mind.*
Narration: *All eyes settled on our last remaining formal authority figure, Captain Sakashita.*
Captain: ...Yes... she's right about this. Let's eat it...
Narration: *From the expression on the captain's face, those undeniably callous words must've tasted bitter in her mouth. Komori-san jerked her head up as if stung, then slowly turned from side to side, looking into our faces one by one.*
Narration: *Everyone averted their eyes from Komori's tearful gaze. Everyone except Kazuki, who met it firmly and gave her a small nod.*
Narration: *Staring steadily down into those plaintive eyes, Kazuki murmured "This is Alione's final duty." Komori-san's face crumpled as she slowly croaked out an answer.*
Komori: ...I... understand...
Narration: *"Inhuman."*
Narration: *The word was written clearly on Komori-san's face for any who cared to look. Even so, most of us let out small, involuntary sighs of relief at her surrender.*
Kazuki: In that case, it would be best to make it into "meat" before the insects get started.
Narration: *But that relief was short-lived. Kazuki's words once again left all of us frozen like stones.*
Narration: *Right... If we were going to eat that corpse, we'd have to butcher it first...*
Narration: *There was no choice: we had to pluck the hair from the dog's body and carve it up using a knife. But of course, no one wanted that job.*
Narration: *Again, we looked to the captain.*
Narration: *Biting her lower lip, the captain looked in turn to Kazuki.*
Narration: *And finally, Kazuki closed her right eye and tilted her head lightly to the left.*
Kazuki: I presume you're familiar with rock-paper-scissors, everyone?
Narration: *As the result of an impartial game of chance, the duty of processing the corpse fell on Koide-senpai.*
Narration: *She tried briefly to resist, protesting "I've never butchered a dog before!" But of course, none of us had made a habit of carving up puppies either, so the argument didn't really hold together.*
Narration: *As the kitchen knife trembled dangerously in Koide's hand, the captain tried offering her some rough encouragement along the lines of "You're a doctor's daughter, aren't you!?" To be honest, though, it was a little hard to grasp what that had to do with anything.*
Narration: *Visibly bracing herself, Koide gripped the knife firmly in both hands and took a step forward. But in that moment, her eyes met those of the dead dog below her, and she immediately burst into terrified tears.*
Narration: *Naturally, the gallant hero Kazuki stepped in to save the day.*
Narration: *Taking in her good hand the "punishment rod" she normally used to strike the pan for our morning wake-up call, she swung it down with all her might on the dog's head.*
Narration: *Everyone gasped in shock at the gruesome act, many barely stifling screams. If I start shrieking pointlessly, maybe I'm next― that irrational fear seized us all, and silence fell over the valley.*
Kazuki: You can't even tell where the eyes are now, right? Problem solved. Have at it.
Narration: *"Meeting eyes with the dog is scary, is it? Then we'll just crush its eyes beyond recognition."*
Narration: *It was about as elegant a solution as blowing off your jaw with a shotgun to cure a toothache.*
Ritsu: I can't...! I just can't! This is... this is too cruel! I can't do it!
Kazuki: ...I suppose I can take over. But do tell me, what would you have done if I wasn't here? Say you were the only one who survived that fall... Nobody would be here to come to your rescue, you know?
Narration: *As she spoke, Kazuki tossed her wooden sword aside, then took the kitchen knife from Koide's hands with a disdainful little snort.*
Narration: *"Everyone's got their hands full with their own problems right now. No one's going to protect you. If you're weak, you're simply going to die first."*
Narration: *Kazuki might not have said it point-blank, but her meaning was all too clear. We studied the ground at our feet in silence.*
Narration: *The strong eat the weak.*
Narration: *Men and beasts, insects and plants, all live and die by that rule.*
Narration: *Many hissed about Kazuki's cruelty in low voices, but her powerful words and unhesitating actions left no room for open objection.*
Narration: *Kazuki possessed not only the decisive personality of a "leader," but also the ability to inspire fear characteristic of a "ruler." Everyone could only hang their heads and obey.*
Captain: ...You're quite the lovely person, you know that!?
Kazuki: Aren't I, though? Your boyfriend told me the same thing in bed.
Captain: ...Kuh...
Kazuki: I'll let you know before anyone else when the meat is ready, so could you please give me some space for now?
Captain: ............
Narration: *Captain Sakashita turned abruptly on her heel and stalked away without another word.*
Amane: ...That was pretty heavy-handed... The captain was crying, you know?
Kazuki: Better this than another pointless fight, wouldn't you say? When you need to shut up a woman who's prone to irritating tirades, a firm pre-emptive strike of that sort is your only option.
Amane: Who's this "boyfriend" of hers, anyway?
Kazuki: Not a clue. But judging from the way she didn't offer a rebuttal...
Kazuki: I either hit a little too close to home, or else she has no romantic experience whatsoever and interpreted my comment as pointed mockery. Either way, it must've stung if she couldn't manage any retort whatsoever.
Amane: And what were you planning to do if she just snapped and jumped at you?
Kazuki: Tell me, would you come swinging at a woman who had just casually crushed a dog's skull?
Amane: ............
Kazuki: See? There's method to the madness.
Amane: ...You had this all planned out from the start...
Kazuki: You overestimate me. There was a non-zero possibility she'd attack regardless. Although, well... I suppose I did have a bit of a contingency plan. Namely, allowing myself to be beaten black-and-blue in order to earn the group's sympathy...
Kazuki: A woman who crushed a dead dog's head so that we could all survive; and a woman who lashed out violently from personal emotions and struck a wounded younger girl. Who do you think the majority would side with?
Amane: ...You're a scary person, Kazuki...
Kazuki: Yes, I'm well aware. I'm afraid I'll almost certainly never be popular with boys. Ever.
Narration: *I badly wanted to scream "If you're 'well aware,' how about doing something about it!?" But I could anticipate her answer, no doubt delivered in her best nails-on-a-chalkboard "girly" voice―*
Narration: *"I'm sowwwwwy, I just can't! It's too haaard for widdle ol' me," or some such. It felt as though I had maggots crawling down my spine at the mere thought.*
Narration: *In any case, if there's a single man in the world who'd want to go out with this woman, I'd really like to meet him... so I can get him the help he needs.*
Narration: *And so, Kazuki cleaned and gutted the dog, reducing it to meat. We soaked it in barbecue sauce from the communal stockpile and cooked its little body golden-brown.*
Narration: *The powerful aroma of grease and spicy sauce wafted through the air. We swallowed mouthfuls of warm drool again and again.*
Narration: *Just a few days ago, that hunk of meat had been an energetic, adorable little dog, frolicking around Komori's feet. There was definitely a widespread feeling of guilt, but―*
Narration: *The sound of sizzling meat and the smell of dripping grease were irresistibly alluring.*
Narration: *Even those who had whispered heatedly about Kazuki's inhuman "cruelty" couldn't overcome their own stomachs. When the meat was finally grilled and ready to be divided, they all swarmed up with plates in their outstretched hands.*
Narration: *I was the one who carved the meat for distribution.*
Narration: *The rear legs looked to be the choicest and most nourishing part of the body. Lopping off one with a kitchen knife, I placed it on Captain Sakashita's plate. The second went to Kazuki.*
Narration: *After that, I divided the meat as evenly as I could between the rest of us. We had even carefully washed the internal organs and cooked them as well. After distributing it all, there was nothing left to do but greedily devour my share.*
Narration: *It felt like such a very long time since I'd tasted meat. The first bite was so delicious that I went quite literally dizzy with bliss.*
Narration: *My protein-starved tongue tingled as the animal fat slowly spread out inside my mouth, and my stomach squeezed tightly in on itself as though consciously trying to wring every particle of sustenance from the food.*
Narration: *Of course, it was an ornamental lapdog, a "toy" breed. When distributed among the entire group, its body provided us with a mere mouthful of meat each. Even so, we all wept with joy at the nourishment. And as soon as the meat was gone, everyone began crunching away at the bones.*
Narration: *We had assumed Komori would firmly resist the idea of consuming her pet's flesh. But in the end, she bit into her share of meat like all the rest. Sniffling miserably the entire time, tears blending with the mucous running from her nose, she ate.*
Narration: *That one mouthful of meat kept us alive for today.*
Narration: *I don't think we'll ever forget that taste for the rest of our lives. Even if we want to.*

Narration: *―The thirteenth day in the valley.*
Narration: *It happened far too suddenly.*
Narration: *Komori-san, who'd seemed perfectly fine just a moment before, crumbled limply to the ground. For a moment, everyone who turned their head at the sound was simply dumbfounded.*
Kaneda: ...Komori...?
Narration: *Kaneda-senpai called out to her partner, but Komori gave no response. Her body had begun to twitch convulsively on the ground.*
Narration: *Komori hadn't fainted from light-headedness or anemia. She was thrashing her body spasmodically, as if she'd been possessed by some malevolent spirit. It was at once bizarre and terrifying to watch.*
Narration: *Kaneda, suspecting an epileptic seizure, forcibly pinned down her partner's body from above in an attempt to keep her from hurting herself.*
Kaneda: Somebody, help!! Komori's, Komori's...!
Narration: *Koide-senpai and I jumped up to answer Kaneda's call as the others looked on in shocked silence.*
Narration: *We managed to move Komori-san onto a blanket, but the "seizure" continued. At Koide's anxious command, I ran off to find my own partner.*
Amane: ...How is she? What happened to her?
Kazuki: Can you describe her collapse? Were there any warning signs?
Kaneda: I don't know! She was just on the ground all of a sudden, thrashing around like a fish out of water... Maybe it's epilepsy? I saw a kid collapse like this back in grade school.
Kazuki: This has lasted too long for an epileptic fit...
Narration: *Komori's breathing was rapid, her teeth chattered in her mouth, and her unfocused eyes swung randomly from left to right. Her hands and feet trembled strongly on a regular rhythm, as if matching the beating of her heart.*
Ritsu: ...We ate that dog... Maybe it gave her toxoplasmosis...?
Kazuki: Toxoplasma is native to cats, you know? But even so, it's not entirely impossible...
Narration: *Toxoplasma is a common parasitic protozoan that spreads easily, so if you eat meat that's not properly cooked there's a risk of infection...*
Narration: *Normally, that's hardly cause for concern, but for those with badly weakened immune systems it can cause serious illness and even death.*
Kazuki: If she had a normal complement of immune antibodies, this wouldn't have happened... Whatever the specifics, it's an opportunistic infectious disease...
Amane: ...What next? Is there anything we can do other than watch?
Kazuki: We have no means to investigate her illness, and even if we were to learn the name of the disease we'd have no means to treat it. The best we can do now is try to narrow down the cause so that we can avoid making the same mistake twice.
Ritsu: ...So the cause... isn't the dog...?
Kazuki: We cooked the dog quite thoroughly before we ate it, didn't we? Seems exceptionally unlikely. Has Komori-san eaten anything else unusual lately?
Narration: *After a moment of thought, Kaneda's mouth fell open with a little "...Ah..."*
Kaneda: ...Now that you mention it... she was eating some sort of flower bud...
Kazuki: A flower...? What kind of flower?
Kaneda: I don't know the name, but... it was this pretty pink thing I'd never seen before... She said "I wonder if we can eat these?" then picked a few and ate them on the spot...
Ritsu: I wonder what it was... Foxglove?
Kazuki: Does that grow in Japan...? I'm fairly sure it's only been seen in the wild once.
Narration: *Kazuki laid a hand on Komori's trembling forehead.*
Kazuki: ...She has a fever. Her body must be attempting to weaken the bacteria through heat... We can only keep her warm and make sure she stays hydrated. Hopefully she'll sweat it out...
Kaneda: Will that really be enough...?
Kazuki: I'm sorry, but there's simply nothing else we can do... In any case, please take this as a lesson and stop foraging recklessly. Only eat what you know to be safe.
Narration: *Under these starvation conditions, it was inevitable that our immune systems would grow weak.*
Narration: *Recently, drinking water raw had become common practice, as no one wanted to waste time boiling it when they could be searching for food; and when foraging in the forest, many would pop even totally unfamiliar plants into their mouth if they looked vaguely edible.*
Narration: *By now, diseases so mild that a normal person probably wouldn't even notice them were potentially life-threatening to us. That was how weak we'd grown.*
Narration: *As we slowly carried Komori's quivering body into her tent, we could only grind our teeth at our powerlessness.*
Sakuma: ...Kazami... have a second?
Narration: *We'd just left Komori to rest when Sakuma-senpai called out to us.*
Sakuma: Ibuki's acting... kind of weird...
Narration: *I had a very bad feeling about this.*
Narration: *The moment we followed Sakuma into her tent, that presentiment was realized.*
Ibuki: Heyyy... what day is today...? How many days... have passed since we came here?
Narration: *Wrapped up in her sleeping bag, Ibuki stared intently at a point on the tent's canopy, smiling slackly at nothing in particular as she spoke.*
Ibuki: ...What day... is today?
Kazuki: Today is the 26th... We've been here thirteen days...
Ibuki: Ah... Man, I wanna go home already...
Narration: *Even as she answered, Ibuki's eyes never turned toward us. The tone of her voice was vague, unfocused, almost like a sleep-walker conversing with her dream.*
Sakuma: ...Let's step out for a second.
Narration: *As directed, we moved to leave the tent, but Ibuki immediately piped up.*
Ibuki: Hey... where ya goin'...? I wanna come too...
Sakuma: I'll be back real soon. You just stay put and sleep...
Ibuki: What day... is today...?
Sakuma: The 26th...
Ibuki: Ah... Man, I wanna go home already...
Sakuma: Y'see what I mean...? She's been like that since this morning... Usually, she goes right back to normal, but it's been hours now. What am I supposed to do if... she just stays like this?
Kazuki: ...There's nothing you or any of us can do... Not only do we have no medicine, we can't provide her with the nutrition her body needs to heal itself.
Sakuma: So we just leave her to rot...? All we can do is... watch...?
Kazuki: ...I'm very sorry.
Sakuma: ...It's not your fault. I'm the one being unreasonable... Sorry about that.
Kazuki: ...That's quite all right.
Narration: *Sakuma-senpai's powerless attempt at a smile conveyed only resignation and defeat, made all the more pitiful by her swollen face.*
Narration: *It wasn't the flushed swelling of a fever; her face was drained of all color, her ghastly pale cheeks visibly rough and dry.*
Narration: *She was blinking constantly throughout our conversation. It may have been difficult merely to keep her eyes open behind those bloated cheeks.*
Kazuki: ...Sakuma-san, your own malnutrition is written on your face. Please be careful...
Sakuma: Yeah... I'll watch my step...
Narration: *Exactly how was she supposed to "be careful" about starving when there was no damn food? Sakuma seemed mature in refraining from yelling the obvious retort in Kazuki's face, but quite possibly she simply no longer had the energy.*
Narration: *Just how long would this situation last...?*
Narration: *Mentally, physically, in every possible way, we were being taxed beyond our capacity to endure. How long could we possibly hold it together under such circumstances...?*
Narration: *Even Kazuki, our acknowledged authority on mental toughness, could no longer fully hide her fatigue.*
Narration: *Her youthfully-framed face, burdened with that accumulated exhaustion, seemed to have aged somehow.*
Narration: *Gently closing her eyes, Kazuki breathed a brief sigh, then proceeded to depress me still further.*
Kazuki: Let's keep this between us, but... the truth is, Sakurai-senpai and Hirooka-san are in very bad shape as well...
Narration: *Sakurai had initially been recovering fairly well, but our unsanitary environment and inability to adequately disinfect her wound proved catastrophic. She was beginning to exhibit symptoms of sepsis, almost certainly caused by bacteria invading through her wound.*
Narration: *She was now running a high fever with a consistently elevated heartbeat. She tripped over her tongue when she tried to speak, and her limbs were routinely wracked by brief, painful muscle spasms, as if her body was trying to contract. She needed antibiotics, and soon.*
Narration: *Hirooka-san was no better. In fact, she was worse. Her debilitation had progressed to the point that she no longer showed any response to our voices.*
Narration: *It all came down to inadequate treatment, compounded by worsening malnutrition.*
Narration: *The dog had been our only halfway decent meal in days. Otherwise, we were getting by on cooked snails, wild grasses, and our "gruel" - really nothing more than faintly colored water with a few grains of boiled rice floating at the bottom. Even minor injuries couldn't heal on such a diet.*
Narration: *On our first day stranded in this ravine, we ate fluffy white rice, steaming from the cooker. I couldn't get that memory out of my mind.*
Narration: *Back then, we gobbled the rice down without a second thought. Even had the nerve to complain about our coarse side dishes. Just remembering it made me want to scream at the pampered luxury of it all.*
Narration: *We were so starved for sugar that "tea" made from the skins of onions almost tasted sweet to our tongues.*
Narration: *But then again, our initial yearning for sweets only lasted for the first carefree week or so.*
Narration: *At some point, we'd begun to crave salt far more than sugar. By now, we'd been reduced to licking the rust that formed on the wrecked frame of our bus after the days of rain.*
Narration: *I had reached my absolute limit.*
Narration: *When I crawled into bed at night, I hesitated to close my eyes, afraid I'd never open them again.*
Narration: *But then again, maybe it would be better that way.*
Narration: *If I let my eyelids fall shut, I would sink deeply into blissful oblivion. If my heart would then quietly stop beating, wouldn't it be a blessing?*
Narration: *I couldn't help but feel that a death without suffering would be a happier fate than to struggle on like this. But whenever I expressed these weak thoughts out loud, Kazuki would scold me.*
Kazuki: ...It's too early to give up...
Narration: *Kazuki whispered those words forcefully, as if trying to convince herself they were true. It seemed too cruel to fire back "Then how long do we have to endure? How long before we can finally give up?"*
Narration: *I could find no further words, and silence settled on the tent.*

Narration: *―The fourteenth day in the valley.*
Narration: *When morning came, Kazuki struck the bottom of the pan at our normal wake-up time, but there were no signs of activity from within the tents.*
Narration: *It wasn't that the others weren't awake. They simply couldn't get up.*
Narration: *Recently, just standing upright was exhausting. It wasn't rare for someone to spend the majority of the day lying in their sleeping bag.*
Narration: *Even when we attempted to move, it would often prove impossible. Every time we tried to stand, our joints would scream in pain. If we pulled ourselves upright by clinging to a tree or rock, our knees would be shaking so hard that we could barely walk.*
Narration: *Even so, as the sun rose and warmed the valley, those who could still move came crawling slowly out of their tents. Basking in the rays of morning light, we resembled nothing so much as a lethargic pack of iguanas escaped from the Galapagos Islands.*
Narration: *For some reason, it felt as though the mere touch of the sun on our skin gave us some small boost of energy.*
Narration: *Of course, it was mostly an illusion; our stomachs were still empty. But either way, moving around aimlessly would be a waste of calories, so we all found our seats in the sun and kept still.*
Narration: *It was tempting to just flop down on the spot and close your eyes, but the cold stone beneath us stole body heat quickly, so lying down would burn a surprising amount of energy.*
Narration: *Staying awake and sitting quietly was the best way to conserve our "strength."*
Narration: *We sat on the hard ground as if rooted to the spot, unable to do anything but silently agonize over our individual fates.*
Narration: *"I've got to do something... How can I survive this?"*
Narration: *The thought churned endlessly around our heads, but merely focusing our nourishment-starved brains on a question took all our effort. Actually producing an answer was beyond our power.*
Narration: *And yet, even now, we were still human beings. We still hadn't broken the absolute minimum rules.*
Kazuki: ...It still isn't hell. This is still a world worth living in...
Narration: *At my side, Kazuki murmured those words to herself slowly and deliberately. As if confirming that she was still firmly conscious. Still able to speak.*
Kazuki: But... what shall we do...? It may well be... only a matter of time...
Narration: *I followed her gaze around the area. Everyone was staring goggle-eyed into the distance, their pale, slack faces shining greasily in the morning sun.*
Narration: *There was something dangerous in the air. Given a small push in the wrong direction, it felt as though even our humanity would instantly crumble underneath us.*
Kazuki: ...Yuuji...
Amane: ...Huh? What did you just say?
Kazuki: ...My brother's name...
Amane: Kazami... Yuuji...?
Kazuki: Yes... that's my little brother...
Amane: ...I want to meet him...
Kazuki: ...If we get back alive... I'll introduce you... I'm positive... you'll get along...
Amane: I'm looking forward to it... That's definitely gonna happen, okay...?
Kazuki: ...Yes... that's a promise...
Narration: *That afternoon, Mr. Ochi returned from his escape attempt to rejoin us on our gradual, passive slide toward death.*
Narration: *He was completely emaciated. His sunken eyes were as dark and hollow as those of a wild animal. But more than lamenting his failure, the group was overjoyed at his return.*
Narration: *"I see... He failed..."*
Narration: *We were back to the drawing board yet again. That was a heavy, if somewhat abstract, disappointment.*
Narration: *Even so, the return of our only adult male was no small relief.*
Narration: *Not to say that our teacher's presence caused any dramatic changes in the situation.*
Narration: *As always, we were desperately short of food.*
Narration: *If anything, practically speaking, Mr. Ochi's return translated to nothing more than another mouth to feed, worsening our already meager daily rations.*
Narration: *That evening, having entered the large tent to check up on the wounded, I noticed that Hirooka-san had quietly stopped breathing...*
Narration: *Two weeks after Shikanai, Ozawa, and Okabe's deaths, we had our fourth casualty.*
Narration: *Hirooka had died lying in the sleeping bag in which she'd spent the last fourteen days of her life, her eyes and mouth half-open.*
Narration: *It was a gruesome sight, but there wasn't any real agitation among us.*
Narration: *We'd all been prepared for this. Even expecting it.*
Narration: *I was no exception. Rather than grieving the death of my friend, I gazed down at her corpse in a stupor.*
Narration: *A single thought was swirling relentlessly through my dull mind.*
Narration: *"...Are we... going to eat... this one as well...?"*
Narration: *When a living thing dies, it becomes food.*
Narration: *Kazuki had said that was only natural.*
Narration: *"So then... her too...?"*
Narration: *I wasn't the only one suspecting as much. Without a doubt, the others were thinking the exact same thing.*
Narration: *If Captain Sakashita or Mr. Ochi had suddenly said "All right, let's eat her," we would probably have looked into each others' faces for reassurance, then offered tacit acceptance by silence. We would have eaten our friend's corpse.*
Narration: *At some point, all eyes had turned toward our teacher.*
Narration: *But Mr. Ochi said only "I'll dig the grave," quietly bringing his hands together in front of Hirooka-san's corpse...*
Narration: *"...We're not going to eat her...?"*
Narration: *As the words floated irrepressibly to the surface of my mind, the trance finally broke, and I shivered in shock and revulsion.*
Narration: *What was I thinking? Of course we were burying her... A human being eating another human being... is unforgivable. No matter what.*
Narration: *We must've been going a little soft in the head.*
Narration: *Right. Our friend had died, and we were upset. We'd lost our heads from the shock. That was all.*
Narration: *Our shoulders sagged to learn our stomachs would go unfilled, but all the same, we heaved sighs of relief―*
Narration: *Without a single word of objection, we silently watched Mr. Ochi walk down into the forest to bury Hirooka's remains.*
Narration: *"I'm vile... I'm a vile, disgusting excuse for a human being..."*
Narration: *The shame welled up so suddenly and so heavily inside me that I couldn't contain my tears. Lowering myself shakily down onto the hard ground, I broke into wretched, violent sobs.*

Narration: *―The fifteenth day in the valley.*
Narration: *I was awake, but I couldn't even open my eyes.*
Narration: *My head felt packed to the bursting with dull, heavy lead. Every inch of my body was painfully cold and exhausted, to the point that even breathing was difficult. There wasn't a drop of saliva in my mouth, and the back of my throat burned bitterly; I couldn't even speak.*
Narration: *This morning, Kazuki seemed to be in similar shape. When I finally managed to force my eyelids up just a sliver, I could vaguely see her lying perfectly still on the other side of the tent, curled up like a cat.*
Narration: *I'd always admired her strength. Wondered how she'd trained that tiny body to be so unbelievably tenacious. But it seemed that even her amazing endurance was reaching its limits.*
Narration: *No, she'd probably long since passed those limits. But if Kazuki were to collapse, we would've lost a large source of hope. Without her, some of us might have long since given up. Stopped even trying to survive.*
Narration: *Kazuki had probably been pushing herself unreasonably for our sake. Forcing herself to appear energetic and powerful.*
Narration: *She looked so very small right now.*
Amane: ...Kazuki...?
Narration: *I hoarsely croaked out her name.*
Narration: *There was no response.*
Amane: ...Hey... Kazuki... are you dead...?
Narration: *My arm had grown painfully thin, but it still felt heavy as I reached out toward my friend's back.*
Narration: *She was still warm, and I could feel her back rising and falling ever so slightly with her breathing. She was still alive.*
Amane: ...Kazuki... please don't die... Kazuki...
Narration: *My tear-filled voice finally elicited a response from Kazuki. Her tone, understandably, was exceptionally grouchy.*
Kazuki: ...If I die, you can feel free to eat me...
Amane: What a horrible thing to say...
Narration: *Kazuki's words abruptly brought back the memories of Hirooka-san's death, and my breath caught in my throat.*
Amane: ...Don't die, Kazuki... If you have to die, take me with you... Don't leave me behind... Don't... abandon me...
Narration: *Surviving alone in this hell would be meaningless. Kazuki responded to my heartfelt whimpering with a snuffling little laugh.*
Kazuki: ...It's a joke... Not to worry, I'm not going to die just yet.
Narration: *She wasn't going to die "just yet," but eventually that time would come. Everything living dies; another rule of nature. The most fundamental of all.*
Narration: *That inevitable end was no longer an abstract, distant concept for us. Our debilitation had reached the final stages. One by one, we were wasting away.*
Narration: *Today, Sakurai-senpai and Komori-san were the casualties.*
Narration: *Sakurai died from her sepsis. Komori killed herself. We found her hanging from a tree.*
Narration: *Numb as we'd grown to horror, the suicide sent a disturbed ripple through the camp. But after the initial shock passed, we felt little more than resigned acceptance.*
Narration: *Since eating her dog's flesh, Komori had clearly been mentally unstable and physically frail. Even before her sudden collapse yesterday, we'd all seen her acting strangely.*
Narration: *She would totter off alone into the forest, then wander around calling loudly for Alione―*
Narration: *And back at camp, she'd push her useless battery-dead cell phone against her ear and hold extended conversations with her dead pet.*
Narration: *Everyone had felt vaguely apprehensive about her bizarre behavior, but there was nothing we could do for her.*
Narration: *When the labored breathing of a girl sitting nearby grew faint as a whisper, the thought "ah, another one's dying" would pass through our minds, but we didn't feel sorrow or pity. They were luxuries we could no longer afford.*
Narration: *When Mr. Ochi carried each new corpse into the forest to bury it, the only thought we could muster was "...One less mouth to feed..."*
Narration: *Cold-hearted, cruel thoughts. But we no longer had even the strength to hate ourselves for them.*
Narration: *Kaneda-senpai had begun to pick the maggots from the wound on her head and eat them.*
Narration: *By consuming the fat larvae that had gorged themselves on the flesh around her festering wound, she'd regain the meat they'd stolen from her. Or such was her theory. She'd come completely unhinged.*
Narration: *Even as I hazily speculated "Kaneda might well be the next to die," I felt slightly envious of her. Such a total disconnect from reality must have been more pleasant than looking soberly into the face of death.*
Narration: *The terror of watching your friends die one after another―*
Narration: *The terror that you might be next―*
Narration: *The escalating terror of our reality overwhelmed us, and some began to escape from it entirely. Drunk on the adrenaline our brains secreted to numb the agonizing fear, our thoughts lurched in bizarre, irrational directions.*
Narration: *"I don't wanna die... If somebody dies in my place, maybe I'll survive..."*
Narration: *Without any logic or evidence, many had begun to believe something of the sort: that inside this ravine, one life could somehow be traded for another.*
Narration: *If somebody else dies, I'll live.*
Narration: *In this claustrophobic little world where nothing enters or leaves, the total amount of well-being must be fixed. Depriving another of their happiness is the only path to survival.*
Narration: *Such was the new dogma of the dying.*
Kaneda: Hey, hurry up and die already, why don't you...?
Sakuma: Right back at ya... Do me a favor and stop breathing...
Narration: *That day, the only ones with enough energy to do more than sit limply on the ground cursing were Mr. Ochi and the captain.*
Narration: *Since Mr. Ochi's return the previous afternoon, the two of them had made numerous trips to forage for food on behalf of those who could no longer move. They even cooked meager meals of weeds and snails, then fed them to the weakened girls.*
Narration: *They spoke words of encouragement as they spoonfed the feeble. "Don't give up." "You can't die."*
Narration: *If those two hadn't been here... none of us would have made it past morning. The thought drove home just how useless I was in comparison, and tears welled up in my eyes.*
Narration: *Several times since Mr. Ochi's return, the two had even managed to capture a few animals deep in the forest. Little chunks of "venison" and "wild hare" began to appear in the standard weed soup. The girls who ate it slowly began to regain some of their vitality.*
Amane: ...Kazuki... they got meat, see? It's been a while, huh...?
Kazuki: I'll pass... Give it to one of the other girls...
Amane: ...Why?
Kazuki: Eating meat's too risky right now. Might end up catching hepatitis...
Amane: They cooked it thoroughly, so it's fine...
Kazuki: I don't want to die yet... and I don't want to suffer after surviving this, either...
Narration: *By now, Captain Sakashita and Mr. Ochi were gathering the majority of the group's food.*
Narration: *And Kazuki, whose sudden debilitation was so intense she had difficulty standing, had quickly and utterly lost the status she had gained among us since the fall.*
Narration: *Everyone worshipped the captain like a god for providing food―*
Narration: *And despite all the Kazuki had done for us up until now, no one expressed worry about her condition. Far from it; the looks they gave her clearly read "hurry up and die."*
Narration: *Maybe she was resistant to the idea of accepting the ascendant captain's charity? Whatever the case, Kazuki absolutely refused to eat the meat her rival brought back from the forest.*
Narration: *"Idiotic pride for someone at death's door..."*
Narration: *But as irritated as I was, I couldn't betray or disobey Kazuki. I bitterly gave up our share of the meat, offering it to those who were even worse off.*
Narration: *That night, I would come to understand that I had made the correct choice in doing so.*
Narration: *A little before dawn, I woke to the rustling sound of someone moving around in the tent. Sluggishly forcing open my heavy eyelids, I strained to see what was going on.*
Kazuki: ...Amane... wake up.
Amane: ...Ugh... Kazuki...?
Narration: *Kazuki had rolled up her sleeping bag and packed all her belongings in the rucksack she normally used as a pillow. One hand clutching my shoulder, she slowly shook me awake.*
Amane: ...Huh? What's going on...?
Narration: *Still half-asleep, I spoke more loudly than I had intended. Kazuki quickly drew a forefinger to her mouth and whispered a brief "Shh."*
Kazuki: ...Take a look at that...
Narration: *Kazuki lifted the flap of the tent slightly open, and I peered through to see the captain and Mr. Ochi walking off together into the dark forest.*
Amane: ...Huh? Mr. Ochi and Captain Sakashita...? Where are they going...?
Kazuki: You don't need to know that. This is our chance... Let's slip out of this place.
Amane: ...Slip out? What do you...?
Kazuki: I mean exactly what I said... We're leaving this mountain and going home... There's no longer any chance of help coming. We're going to do it ourselves...
Amane: ...Huh?
Narration: *I didn't understand what she was talking about.*
Narration: *The words were clear enough, but the meaning just wouldn't register...*
Amane: Why... do we have to do it now...?
Kazuki: There's no time to explain. Prepare as quickly and quietly as possible... Make sure no one hears...
Amane: ...Huh? What about everybody e...?
Narration: *Kazuki fixed a deadly serious gaze directly on my eyes, and I faltered to a halt.*
Kazuki: ...Listen to me, Amane. We can't take ghouls back with us... Do you understand?
Amane: I don't... I don't understand at all, Kazuki... "ghouls?" What's that supposed to mean...?
Kazuki: If you're that curious, I'll make things clear later on... but for now, get a move on.
Amane: ...Okay.
Narration: *To be honest, I didn't have the first idea about what was going on.*
Narration: *But Kazuki was never wrong. If Kazuki told me to leave, I would leave. That simple faith was guiding me now.*
Narration: *I stuffed my possessions into the rucksack as quickly as I could in the dim tent. Barely waiting for me to finish, Kazuki impatiently grabbed my hand and pulled me along, quickly and quietly leading me out of the camp.*
Amane: ...Kazuki... where are we going?
Kazuki: ...Follow me and keep very quiet. I'll show you everything...
Amane: Show me...?
Kazuki: Listen to me. You absolutely must stay as quiet as possible. Is that clear?
Amane: ...Yeah.
Narration: *Just what was she planning to "show" me...?*
Narration: *Clueless but obedient, I passively followed Kazuki down the valley and into the forest.*
Narration: *We were retracing the steps of Mr. Ochi and Captain Sakashita.*
Narration: *For some reason, that realization filled me with dread.*
Narration: *Some instinct was whispering faintly: don't go any further.*
Narration: *Don't take another step.*
Narration: *Some truths are best left unseen.*
Narration: *My skin tingled as though all the pores in my body had suddenly opened wide. With every step, my heartbeat grew louder in my ears. Cold, sticky sweat settled unpleasantly in my armpits.*
Kazuki: ...There we are. Look...
Narration: *Whispering so softly I could barely hear her over the cries of the cicadas, Kazuki pointed through a thicket to the clearing beyond.*
Narration: *Captain Sakashita and Mr. Ochi were inside, completely naked, making violent love like a pair of beasts.*
Narration: *Illuminated by the faint moonlight that slipped through the cracks in the tree canopy, the captain's white skin shone vividly in the darkness.*
Narration: *In their frenzy, they had yielded utterly to the base instinct for survival, the impulse to preserve their genes.*
Narration: *Reveling in her obedience to that animal instinct, the captain screamed with crazed pleasure.*
Narration: *Digging his fingernails into Sakashita's pale skin, Mr. Ochi slammed his waist against her, slobber dribbling from his mouth with every thrust.*
Amane: ...Those two... I had no idea...
Kazuki: What...? Are you blind...?
Amane: ...Huh?
Kazuki: Look carefully at their surroundings...
Narration: *I removed my glasses, carefully wiped the lenses with the cuff of my uniform, then put them back on.*
Narration: *As the scene came into clearer focus, I finally noticed. Lying in the grass around them were the scattered fragments of a truth better left unseen.*
Narration: *At first glance, the objects lying here and there amid the pair's clothes looked almost like oversized radishes.*
Narration: *In the faint light, it took a moment for me to realize that the long, white, slender "vegetables" were the dissected limbs of human beings.*
Amane: ...Eeeeaah...!
Narration: *I couldn't contain my shriek. And before I had time to regret that mistake, tears were pouring out of my eyes, bile was rising in my throat, and I was stumbling backward, falling to the ground.*
Ochi: ...Who's there!?
Narration: *My shoulders quivered at the vicious shout, but I simply couldn't stand.*
Narration: *My legs had turned to rubber.*
Narration: *My eyes were fixed, unblinking, on the scene before me: the face of Mr. Ochi, glaring in our direction with eyes like a demon's, and the mutilated body that lay in chunks around the clearing.*
Narration: *A silver bracelet was wrapped around one of the dismembered arms.*
Narration: *Even in the dim moonlight, the word "ALIONE" was clearly visible on its plate.*
Narration: *...That was... A-kun's collar.*
Narration: *When the dog wasted away and died, Komori-san had coiled it around her wrist...*
Narration: *Which had to mean... that arm was hers...*
Narration: *Oh god... Oh god... Oh god...*
Narration: *The "meat" everyone had eaten... Oh god...!*
Amane: ...Bleeeeeeagh...!!!
Narration: *A burning tide of gastric juices surged up my throat. As I noisily vomited onto the ground, Kazuki grabbed me by the shoulder. With a flat "We're going to run now," she forcibly dragged me to my feet.*
Narration: *Disoriented, the taste of acid thick in my mouth, I let Kazuki pull me into a run. From behind, I heard the captain's snarling voice.*
Captain: We were seen!?
Narration: *The voice that had always encouraged me during practice, firm but kind: "Good hustle out there."*
Narration: *The voice that had offered us all reassurance as she distributed the food: "Don't give up."*
Narration: *Captain Sakashita's voice was now―*
Captain: Catch them! Don't let them get away! Kill them!
Narration: *―The voice of a "ghoul."*
Narration: *This couldn't be... This had to be a dream.*
Narration: *Why wasn't I waking up?*
Narration: *This absolutely couldn't be real.*
Narration: *As these thoughts swirled through my dazed mind, Kazuki hissed into my ear as if to slap me awake.*
Kazuki: And that would be why I told you to keep quiet... What a blunder... The "facade" just crumbled before our eyes. The killing has begun...
Amane: ...The... killing...?
Kazuki: It would be best not to think of those people as "human beings" anymore...
Amane: This can't be... This has to be... a dream, right...?
Kazuki: Could you kindly save the delusional escapism for later? If you're going to dawdle around and make a nuisance of yourself, I'll just leave you here.
Amane: Nooo!
Narration: *I clung tightly to Kazuki like a little girl terrified of being left behind by her mother.*
Narration: *There was nothing to do but run.*
Narration: *The things chasing us were now monsters. Demons that feasted on human lives.*
Narration: *If I were to succumb to the pull of madness and fall to the ground, my life would end.*
Narration: *For now, I could only clutch Kazuki's hand and run. Into the dark heart of the forest, where the light of the stars couldn't betray us.*
Kazuki: ...Stop!
Narration: *Suddenly, Kazuki raised her hand and barked a command. As I came to a halt, something moved slightly in the corner of my eye. A black shadow slowly emerged, as if oozing out of the darkness ahead.*
Sakuma: ...Yo. Where you guys headed this time of night?
Amane: Sakuma-senpai! You've got to get away from here! Captain Sakashita and Mr. Ochi are...!
Narration: *Halfway through my sentence, I noticed something odd about Sakuma's glassy gaze.*
Narration: *Her eyes were focused on the rucksacks we were carrying, and her swollen face betrayed not surprise but suspicion.*
Kazuki: Amane! We're going to run! This person is beyond saving!
Amane: ...Huh?
Narration: *Sakuma furrowed her brow at Kazuki's words.*
Sakuma: ...I see. You guys saw it too, huh...?
Amane: ...Sakuma... senpai...?
Sakuma: How d'you wanna play this? If you head back now... I can smooth things over with Sakashita...
Amane: ...Senpai... what are you saying...?
Kazuki: Weren't you listening to me, Amane!? We can't take ghouls with us! These people can no longer return to the world of human beings!
Amane: ...Aaah... aah... You can't be serious... This just... can't be real...!
Kazuki: Amane!
Narration: *Kazuki seized my backpack and practically forced me into a run.*
Kazuki: Into the bushes on the left...!
Narration: *Honestly, I couldn't tell my left from my right at that moment. But Kazuki's grip stayed firm, and we plunged into a short thicket, pushing our way through the grasping branches toward escape.*
Narration: *Sakuma didn't pursue us. Instead, she spoke a few words. Her voice was like a whisper, but somehow it found its way all too clearly to my ears.*
Sakuma: ...That's a shame, Suou Amane. I liked you quite a bit, you know? ...A real shame...
Narration: *Sakuma-senpai... had known...?*
Narration: *She had known what Sakashita and Ochi were doing...*
Narration: *She had known what that "meat" was...*
Narration: *She had known everything... and kept her silence...?*
Amane: ...Kazu...ki... Hey, Kazuki...
Kazuki: What? If you have a question, please hold onto it for the moment. Right now, we need to hurry.
Amane: ...Sakuma-senpai... knew...? And Kazuki, you realized... Was I the only one... who didn't know? Why didn't you... tell me...?
Kazuki: Knowing would've done you no good. Nobody could've stopped this... This conclusion was inevitable...
Amane: ...In...evitable...?
Kazuki: ...Amane, listen to me. The creatures in this forest are no longer human beings. They're animals.
Kazuki: The lion kills the zebra and consumes its flesh. It's only natural.
Kazuki: The zebra isn't outraged that the lion would do such a thing. Nor does it weep.
Kazuki: The strong eat the weak when they find them. In order to survive. That's the rule.
Narration: *But we're... human beings...*
Narration: *"In order for people to live as human beings, three basic rules need to be respected."*
Narration: *"Don't steal."*
Narration: *"Don't destroy."*
Narration: *"Don't kill."*
Narration: *When even one collapses... when breaking it becomes natural... it's only a matter of time until the other two give way.*
Narration: *And when it comes to that, no one can stop the downhill slide.*
Narration: *When people fall below the absolute minimum standard of humanity, they revert to a simpler, more primitive set of rules.*
Narration: *The strong eat the weak. The law of the jungle.*
Amane: Aaah... aah... waaaaaaahhhhhhhaaah!!
Kazuki: Don't cry! So irritating!!
Narration: *Kazuki quickly held her hand against my mouth, but the unbelievably cruel reality was beyond my capacity to endure. It was far too sudden and far, far too strong a dose.*
Narration: *I had to scream. If I didn't scream, the terror would tear me apart from the inside.*
Kazuki: ...Keep quiet!
Narration: *We'd been pushing our way through bushes and stands of trees to keep hidden from our pursuers, but there was no point if I was broadcasting our location. Kazuki pushed her hand firmly down, finally stifling my muffled shriek, and turned to face me.*
Narration: *In the faint pre-dawn light, the whites of Kazuki's unblinking eyes stood out powerfully against her mud-stained face―*
Narration: *It was the harsh glare of a father dragged out of bed by a bawling toddler. Staring back into those steady eyes, I drew clipped, trembling breaths through my nose. In time, my cries faded against her palm.*
Kazuki: Good girl, Amane... You don't need to cry. I made you a promise, didn't I? I'll save you, no matter what the cost. You have nothing to be worried about... Understand?
Amane: Yeah... *Hic*...
Narration: *My throat was continuing to spasm convulsively. Probably because I'd stopped crying so suddenly.*
Narration: *But despite everything else, the feeling of Kazuki's hand squeezing mine tightly was genuinely reassuring.*
Kaneda: Heeey, where'd you go? C'mon, no reason to hide! Heeey!
Narration: *Kaneda's voice rang out in the darkness.*
Kaneda: You've got it all wrong, guys! If we talk this over, you'll understand! Come on out, okay!?
Narration: *From the volume of her voice, she was no more than twenty or thirty meters away from the thicket where we crouched, hidden. I looked back to Kazuki's face and spoke in a whisper.*
Amane: That's Kaneda-senpai... right...?
Kazuki: Did she join them of her own free will? Was she deceived, or perhaps threatened...? Whatever the case, she too is past the point of no return...
Narration: *The footsteps of the "ghouls" approached us from behind.*
Narration: *If they caught us, would they kill us immediately... or make us one of them...?*
Narration: *Even in the latter case, we wouldn't stay "allies" for very long.*
Narration: *It was all too clear that these creatures would kill without a second thought to preserve their own lives.*
Narration: *There were many feet stepping through the mud. Many branches snapping in the darkness behind us.*
Narration: *Engulfed in the madness that had spread from Ochi and Sakashita, the others had abandoned themselves to the final "rule" and become corpse-eaters. Demons. Reason and morality no longer had any meaning to them.*
Narration: *In the end, nobody wants to die.*
Kazuki: ...We need to run. Now.
Amane: Okay...
Narration: *We fought our way forward through the soft, slushy mulch of decayed leaves, desperately climbing the slope before us.*
Narration: *My feet sank deeply into the muddy soil. My legs, trembling from malnutrition, tangled awkwardly with every stride.*
Kaneda: There they are! This way!!
Narration: *Our pursuers' eyes glistened in the darkness like pools of oil. *
Narration: *Those eyes betrayed no hatred, no anger. They weren't the eyes of people looking at their "enemy." They were the eyes of beasts that knew no emotion but hunger. They were looking at their "prey."*
Narration: *"If they catch us... they're going to eat us on the spot!"*
Narration: *The terror paralyzed my brain; and even focused, the slope would have been difficult to climb. My leg caught in a muddy patch of leaves, and I tumbled down onto the ground.*
Kazuki: Amane! Get up! You have to get up!
Amane: ...Just... go, Kazuki. Keep running... I just can't go on... I'm so scared my body won't move...
Narration: *My hands shaking pathetically, I lowered my rucksack to the ground, then took out a kitchen knife carefully wrapped in newspaper.*
Amane: ...Compared to being eaten alive... I'd... rather die here and now...
Narration: *The ghouls would swarm around my corpse like a pride of lions after the first kill. That distraction would at least enable Kazuki to escape.*
Narration: *I unwrapped the stainless-steel knife from the newspaper with trembling hands. But at the sight of the shining blade, my mind froze with dread.*
Narration: *"If I stab my neck with this... will I die instantly...?"*
Narration: *"I bet it's going to hurt... Oh god... I don't want it to hurt..."*
Narration: *But as my hands continued their relentless, terrified trembling, Kazuki knelt down beside me and gently wrapped them in her own.*
Kazuki: ...I'll play that role.
Amane: ...Huh?
Kazuki: I'm saying that I'll be the decoy...
Amane: What!?
Narration: *Before I knew it, Kazuki had smoothly taken the knife from my hand.*
Amane: Why... would you...?
Narration: *I was the one who couldn't move.*
Narration: *I was the one who'd given up.*
Narration: *Why should Kazuki be the one to do this... for my sake?*
Narration: *It made no sense.*
Kazuki: Listen to me, Amane... Listen very carefully...
Narration: *Holding the knife in an underhand grip, Kazuki lowered her rucksack from her back and pressed it against my chest.*
Kazuki: Inside this, you'll find food and salt that I've kept hidden... Pace your consumption very carefully.
Amane: ...Kazu...ki...?
Kazuki: You can feel free to eat all of the chocolate and candy you've been holding on to, as well. Also, here...
Narration: *Kazuki reached into the pocket of her skirt and took out a few sheets of paper from a memo pad.*
Kazuki: This contains my notes on how to escape this mountain alive. Read it carefully and keep moving. Never give up.
Amane: ...No... Kazuki... you're not serious... Why are you saying this? Are... are you abandoning me...?
Kazuki: Don't worry, I'm not going to die... We'll definitely meet again someday, okay?
Amane: ...Really...?
Kazuki: Goodness, have I ever lied to you before?
Amane: ...More than once, I bet.
Kazuki: Please explain the difference between a lie that goes undetected and the truth. 10 points.
Amane: Is this really the time to be cracking jokes...? Kazuki, just run away! I'm... so tired... I can't do this...!
Kazuki: That's enough... You need to be on your way. Who do you think I am, anyway? Do as I tell you and it'll all turn out just fine in the end. On your feet... Now, run...
Amane: ...Kazuki... Kazuki!
Kazuki: You absolutely mustn't turn back, understand? Come now, get on with it... Run!
Amane: ...!!!
Narration: *They say that a person's true nature is revealed only when their back's against the wall.*
Narration: *I abandoned Kazuki to save my own skin.*
Narration: *Leaving her as a decoy, leaving her to be eaten, I moved my legs furiously, desperate to gain every centimeter of safety I could.*
Narration: *There was no doubt in my mind she would die.*
Narration: *She would die slowly, in agony, eaten alive by demons in human form.*
Narration: *Kazuki would be the sacrifice. And one cowardly, worthless girl would survive a little longer.*
Amane: ...Aaagh...!
Narration: *I was overflowing with guilt.*
Narration: *Bitter tears of shame rolled endlessly down my face.*
Narration: *Even if I got away, even if I returned alive, this unbearable self-loathing would crush me under its weight. With every step I took, that conviction grew stronger. My legs were leaden underneath me.*
Amane: ...Kazuki!!
Narration: *"You absolutely mustn't turn back."*
Narration: *She had told me clearly enough. But just once, at the end, I stopped. I looked back.*
Narration: *The demons had gathered, the beams from their flashlights dancing through the trees. And at the center of their circle, Kazuki was lying on the ground, pinned down by the ghouls that had been our friends.*
Narration: *The last time I saw her face, Kazuki wasn't crying. She wasn't screaming. She wasn't glaring resentfully. She was smiling.*
Narration: *She smiled. As if to say this was fate. As if to say this was the "rule." As if to say it was nothing worth troubling myself over.*
Narration: *If Kazuki had screamed for help...*
Narration: *If she'd cursed me, called me a traitor...*
Narration: *I might never have moved from that spot.*
Narration: *I might have run back and fought.*
Narration: *But Kazuki quietly, peacefully gazed into my eyes, accepting her fate.*
Narration: *Her words flooded into my mind.*
Narration: *I... stopped looking back.*
Narration: *I turned my back on her for the last time, and I ran, chanting "forgive me" in my mind like a mantra.*
Amane: ...I'm so sorry... Kazuki... Forgive meeee!!!
Narration: *As the sky grew light with the dawn, I ran desperately, not knowing where my feet were carrying me. I simply fled, pushing through the forest in a frenzy. As if to escape my own terror and guilt.*

Narration: *How many days had passed since then...?*
Narration: *I didn't exactly have the leisure time or composure to write a daily entry in my diary, but I think it had been five nights. Five nights spent relentlessly, mindlessly marching forward through the jungle.*
Narration: *Following the instructions Kazuki had written in her note, I walked only by darkness, in order to hide my movements from the ghouls. When the sun rose, I hid myself in bushes and tried to sleep.*
Narration: *This lasted a few hours at most. And when I woke from these brief periods of rest, the first order of business was always to peel off the leeches that covered my body―*
Narration: *Then throw the fat bloodsuckers into my mouth, crush them with my teeth, and force them down my throat.*
Narration: *Kazuki's rucksack contained a small horde of various snacks and sweets. Her secret treasure.*
Narration: *Just as I'd thought, she'd stolen the food from Ozawa's belongings on the very first day, then carefully stashed it away.*
Narration: *Since escaping, I hadn't touched those precious snacks. Not even once.*
Narration: *If Kazuki were to somehow escape her captors and catch up with me, I intended to give it all back to her.*
Narration: *There was real food just inside that bag... The temptation was overwhelmingly powerful.*
Narration: *But if I were to yield to my hunger and greedily devour Kazuki's treasure, I'd be admitting I was fundamentally no different from the ravenous "ghouls." I couldn't bring myself to do it.*
Narration: *When the forest was dry enough to light a fire, I boiled fern sprouts and chrysanthemums for my meals.*
Narration: *My starvation and exhaustion were now complemented by constant terror of the demons that were no doubt pursuing me. My hair had begun to fall out in bunches.*
Narration: *I, too, had been pushed well beyond my limit, and I was about ready to break.*
Narration: *Even so, Kazuki had saved my life. I couldn't allow that to become meaningless. I couldn't just give up.*
Narration: *During the daylight hours, I simply laid still and hidden in the bushes, unable to sleep but preserving my energy as best I could.*
Narration: *When the day grew dark, I would crawl cautiously out of the undergrowth, then begin the "astronomical observation" described in Kazuki's notes.*
Narration: *The lush canopy of trees above hid much of the sky, rendering it difficult to determine the location of the stars. And as in any forest, the orienting line of the horizon was unclear.*
Narration: *I might well have been able to get a better view by climbing one of the taller trees, but I no longer had the strength to do any such thing.*
Narration: *Just how far had I walked...?*
Narration: *Walking meant pushing my way through lush weeds and wild grasses, struggling through thick bushes that obstructed my path. The distance I moved in any given day didn't amount to much.*
Narration: *After one full night's work of hiking through the jungle, I turned back to see if I could get some idea of my progress, only to find that the ridge I'd been standing on last night was still visible. I could feel my willpower shriveling inside me.*
Narration: *Deciding I could urge myself no further that day, I collapsed on the spot, hugging Kazuki's rucksack tightly to my body. Her scent had permeated the tough fabric. And when I slept, she appeared in my dreams.*
Narration: *In those dreams, Kazuki said nothing.*
Narration: *She stood some twenty paces ahead, silently looking over her shoulder. Staring into my eyes.*
Narration: *I screamed her name and tried to step forward, but it was frustratingly difficult to move.*
Narration: *I shoved my way through thick weeds, my feet sinking into thick mud with every step, ignoring the branches cutting at my cheeks. But no matter how desperately I forced myself forward, Kazuki moved away at the same speed.*
Narration: *I couldn't catch up with her, no matter how I tried.*
Narration: *When I gave up and sagged to a halt, Kazuki stopped as well. Again, she gazed back into my eyes.*
Narration: *"What on earth are you doing all the way back there?"*
Narration: *She never spoke, but her expression conveyed the words clearly enough.*
Amane: ...Kazuki...
Narration: *I awoke at the sound of my own sleep-talking.*
Narration: *I was no longer dreaming of food these last few days.*
Narration: *I'd come to realize... what I wanted more than anything else in the world was no longer food or drink. It was Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *And once again, I walked through the night.*
Narration: *As I dragged my heavy legs forward, exhausted and starving, Kazuki came into view a little ways away. She strode slowly ahead through the dark forest, her back turned to me.*
Amane: ...Wait for me... Kazuki...
Narration: *And as I pursued her, I could see many others further beyond. Vaguely-defined figures walked the same path as Kazuki, flickering and melting into each other.*
Narration: *All wore a familiar school uniform. Even in the darkness, I knew them.*
Narration: *That one had to be Hirooka.*
Narration: *Further on, I could see Sakurai.*
Narration: *Many others as well... Shikanai... Ozawa... Okabe... Alione, frolicking around Komori's feet. The ones who had already died walked among the trees, shimmering hazily in the night.*
Narration: *They looked over their shoulders one by one and spoke: "This way."*
Narration: *Aah, I've finally started hallucinating...*
Narration: *Guess I'll just be following them now... Have them guide me... to heaven...*
Narration: *No... Will it really be... heaven?*
Narration: *Well... I've been in hell until now. If they're taking me somewhere else, it's probably heaven, right...?*
Amane: ...Wait up... guys... I can't... walk that fast... Don't leave me behind... C'mon... everybody...
Narration: *I could no longer lift my legs. The world grew cloudy before my eyes; a heavy, leaden drowsiness assaulted my mind. Even where I was, what I was doing, had begun to grow fuzzy.*
Narration: *With the thought "Ah, guess this is as far as I go," I fell hard to my knees, then pitched forward onto the cold earth.*
Amane: ...I... can't do it... So pathetic... I... can't even make it to heaven... I'm going to... just die right here, halfway to nowhere...
Narration: *As I pressed my face into the ground, my ears began to ring.*
Narration: *A fairly common phenomenon before passing out. It's something like the sound of your own baseline brainwaves.*
Narration: *"Ugh... faint here, and the leeches are going to be all over me again..." But as the thought ran vaguely through my wobbling head, my ears picked up a noise clearly distinct from that high-pitched tone.*
Narration: *"...What's that sound?"*
Narration: *I focused my mind on that strange noise, and decided it sounded almost like a car running on an unpaved road. Specifically, the sound of tires rolling through gravel.*
Narration: *And mixed in with that crunching white noise, there was something like the weak whining of a three-cylinder engine...*
Narration: *"Aah... sounds just like a mini-truck..."*
Narration: *Heaven sent somebody out to greet me...?*
Narration: *Are angels these days in the habit of picking up the dead in cute little pickups...?*
Amane: Ah think not...
Narration: *When the sound passed, the ringing in my ears was gone as well. Once more, I pulled my ragged body off the ground. Once more, I forced myself upright, my weary legs trembling with the effort.*
Amane: ...Huh?
Narration: *I hadn't realized during the night, but apparently at some point I'd drawn near a road. A real, honest-to-god road. A path human beings traveled.*
Narration: *Beyond the thick rows of trees, through the wet, cold dawn air of the forest, I could see the gravelly track stretched out below.*
Narration: *"...This isn't... a hallucination, right?"*
Narration: *Incredulous as I was, I didn't take the time to pinch my cheeks. Half-siding down the muddy slope, I made my way toward the road that lay before me.*
Amane: ...No... way... Really?
Narration: *It wasn't paved. It wasn't well-maintained. But without a doubt, it was a road surfaced by human hands, traveled by human vehicles.*
Narration: *My mind whirling, I began to walk unsteadily down the road in the direction I thought the truck had been headed.*
Narration: *And before long, I found myself in front of a vast field, extending as far as the eye could see. It was full of thousands and thousands of cabbages.*
Amane: Ah... aaaah... aaah... aah...
Narration: *I didn't scream with joy at the sight. Without a word, I drew a few slow, shuddering breaths, then plunged into the field. Ripping the nearest cabbage from the ground, I sunk my teeth into it ferociously. In a frenzy, not bothering to chew, I ate.*
Amane: ...*Chomp*... mmf... mmng... *Chomp*... urk... *Hack! *Hack!* Ggha! Mmg... mmf... *Chomp*... mmg... Ahahahahahahahaha!! Ahahahaha! Ahahahahahahaha!!
Narration: *My first thought wasn't "I'm saved." It wasn't "I can finally go home." There was only one thing in my mind: eating the cabbages in front of me.*
Narration: *Without a drop of seasoning or even a sprinkle of salt, those cabbages were so delicious my eyes rolled back in my head from sheer ecstasy.*
Narration: *I ate and ate. Deliriously, frantically, as if possessed.*
Narration: *Cackling madly, I ate.*
Narration: *Laughing in between the spasmodic whimpers that seized my throat, tears pouring down my face, I ate.*
Narration: *It was thirty minutes before the farmer's housewife noticed something single-mindedly ripping through the cabbage field like a crazed wild animal...*
Narration: *When she ran to tell her husband about the "bizarre creature" devouring the crops, he ran out with his hunting rifle, only to find a human being. It was another thirty minutes before the ambulance he called arrived.*
Narration: *And lying in my hospital bed, I finally told the local police officers who I was... that I'd been on a bus that had gone missing nearly three weeks before―*
Narration: *And so, at the cost of many terrible sacrifices, one pathetic girl crawled her way back to the human world alive.*
Narration: *...............*

Date: *May 28, 2011 08:15 - Mihama Academy - Hallway*
Narration: *The interval between classes, or "recess," is fundamentally a time for lazing around.*
Narration: *Given a half-assed ten minute break, most people won't be able to put it to any real use.*
Narration: *I myself imagined a school life along those relaxed lines, and was looking forward to spending some aimless time right around now.*
Narration: *But―*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: (What, again...?)
Yumiko: Wha...!
Narration: *That slightly pitiful hope was shattered all too quickly.*
Narration: *Of course, I'm not going to break a sweat from any attack of Yumiko's, but being slashed at with a blade isn't the kind of pleasant breather I had in mind.*
Yumiko: How did you dodge that...!?
Narration: *I guess she had thought it a particularly well-timed attack, judging from the shocked gaze she's directing at me as she catches her breath.*
Narration: *Of course, given that conspicuous clicking sound and her plainly audible footsteps, she might as well have been screaming "Here I come," but...*
Yuuji: Time moves at half-speed in my immediate vicinity.
Narration: *Giving a straight answer would be a pain, so I pull something out of my ass.*
Yumiko: Huh... n-no way...!
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm just screwing with you.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Make a fool of me, will you? You'll pay for that.
Yuuji: Maybe it's just me, but I think trying to stab your classmate is somewhat worse.
Yumiko: It's not a crime until you actually get stabbed.
Narration: *This woman's copy of the criminal code seems to be missing the page on attempted murder.*
Narration: *But judging from the way she momentarily bought my nonsense, she's unexpectedly airheaded... maybe "a bit naive" would be the nicer way to put it.*
Yumiko: You'd better remember my face.
Yuuji: There's only six of us here. It would be harder to forget.
Yumiko: ...You're making a fool of me again...! That's not what I meant!
Narration: *Still glaring in my direction, Yumiko retracts the blade of her box cutter―*
Yumiko: Humph...!
Narration: *And snorting in displeasure, leaves with a flutter of her skirt.*
Amane: Didn't take long for you to land yourself in a mess, Yuuji-kun.
Narration: *When I return to the classroom, Amane strikes up a conversation.*
Narration: *I guess the story of the knife assault in question has already spread around the classroom, as my problem with Yumiko seems to be common knowledge.*
Yuuji: It's not like she's doing me any harm, but I can't say I'm enjoying this.
Narration: *In our first encounter, I approached the stubbornly silent Yumiko in a physical sense.*
Narration: *The outcome was her initial act of rejection.*
Narration: *In part, that might have been the result of my own heightened wariness. Sachi's heavy-handed foreshadowing put me on guard, and I have a tendency not to trust someone I'm meeting for the first time.*
Narration: *At that time, while I certainly felt animosity from her, it wasn't so intense as to discourage me from approaching.*
Narration: *However, from our second encounter on, Yumiko bared open hostility toward me.*
Narration: *What's worse, apparently having come to the conclusion that she wasn't a match for me barehanded, she's been swinging around a box cutter, of all things.*
Narration: *According to Amane, it seems that Yumiko has something of a habit of brandishing retractable knives at people.*
Narration: *Of course her goal is usually more intimidation than anything else, but speaking as the target this time, I can sense there's a part of her that's seriously trying to stab me. It's not the best feeling in the world.*
Amane: Maybe she's recognized you as her rival? She does threaten us with her cutter sometimes, but she never slashes at us for real like that.
Yuuji: I'd really prefer to avoid that kind of recognition.
Amane: It's your own fault for approaching her all of a sudden. Didn't you realize it when you got near? She's got that glaringly obvious barrier around her personal space.
Yuuji: Didn't notice.
Amane: ...You look pretty strong, Yuuji-kun, but that thickheadedness might prove fatal...
Yuuji: I'm pretty perceptive when my life's in danger, but I don't really feel that level of threat from Yumiko.
Amane: ...Yuuji-kun, I'm not feeling confident about your future love life.
Yuuji: My master did say I was exceptionally unskilled in that department.
Michiru: Master...?
Narration: *At any rate, I want to do something about Yumiko's aggressive rejection of me.*
Narration: *For that purpose, I'll need to talk to someone familiar with her circumstances.*
Principal: All right, we're beginning homeroom!
Narration: *With the attendance book in her hand as usual, our carefree principal appears.*
Yuuji: ...I guess Chizuru is the only one I can ask.
Yuuji: ...In conclusion, Yumiko seems to hate me with a passion.
Principal: Putting Sakaki-san aside, I think I understand the reason someone might hate you.
Yuuji: Hoh, let's hear it.
Principal: Hoh yourself! Barging into my office is one thing, but why go out of your way to say "I couldn't think of anyone but the principal to ask, and you've probably got the free time anyway?"
Yuuji: I only said what I was thinking. Was I wrong?
Principal: Of course you were! ...More or less.
Yuuji: Got it. In deference to your feelings, no matter how much I think you're lazing around, I'll keep it quietly buried in my heart from now on. Good enough?
Principal: Going out of your way to tell me that is just going to make me worry about it every time we talk!
Yuuji: What do you want from me? Spare me the vague complaints. What's your pleasure?
Principal: ...And he wonders why people hate him.
Yuuji: ...Do you have an idea?
Principal: Just forget it! ...As for the answer to your original question...
Narration: *The principal, cup in hand, lowers herself across from the sofa I'm reclining on.*
Principal: Sakaki-san has been a student of the Academy since it was founded.
Yuuji: This place just opened recently, right?
Principal: Fairly recently. It was established just about a year ago.
Principal: She's been here since then.
Yuuji: I see. What does that have to do with her rejecting me?
Narration: *Before responding to my question, she takes a sip of coffee from the cup in her hand.*
Principal: ...It's frightening to have an intruder enter your territory.
Yuuji: Frightening?
Principal: Right. Until now there'd only been people she could understand here, and now there's a suspicious member of the opposite sex approaching her.
Narration: *Principal Tachibana takes a pen in her empty hand and jabs it toward me to emphasize her point.*
Principal: Therefore, she's trying to eliminate that intruder, I would think.
Yuuji: Hazing, is it? A bit of bullying comes with being a fresh recruit, but I didn't expect the same here.
Principal: If this is bullying, I don't think I've ever seen a stranger case.
Narration: *Apparently unconvinced by the idea of Sakaki stealing my lunch money, Principal Tachibana hides a snort of laughter behind her hand.*
Narration: *Although it's certainly amusing considering the balance of our physical strength, I don't see how I can manage a decent student life at this rate.*
Yuuji: I'm honored to have provided a moment of amusement for our perpetually overworked Principal, but I came here hoping to have a path toward overcoming this challenge illuminated by your educational guidance.
Principal: ...It feels more like you came here to bully me...
Narration: *Cranky from beginning to end, ultimately the principal didn't provide me with any useful advice.*
Narration: *"This is what a school is like, so figure it out for yourself. A normal school life means a few problems like this."*
Narration: *I do have to admit she managed to dodge the issue reasonably well with that last line.*
Narration: *In any case, since she didn't have any clear answer for me, I'm left with no choice but to do as she says and try to work on this over time.*
Narration: *It's not really my style to go with the flow like this, but if that's the proposal of my educational guide there's no helping it.*
Yumiko: Kuh...!
Yumiko: Nn...!
Amane: It looks like a sparring match at this point.
Makina: More like a drill instructor playin' with a fresh recruit.
Sachi: I was all aflutter at first, but I can't muster the slightest concern anymore...
Yumiko: How... do you keep...!
Narration: *...The result of going with the flow: Yumiko's attacks have been continuing, without any particular change to date.*
Michiru: It's Yuuji's fault for playing along...
Yuuji: Look, could you quit it already?
Yumiko: Shut up!
Yumiko: Aah...!
Narration: *Her movements thrown off by my sudden side-step, Yumiko staggers forward unsteadily.*
Narration: *She tries desperately to regain her balance, resulting in a ridiculous pose in strong contrast with her usual haughty demeanor.*
Michiru: *Snort*
Narration: *Michiru lets out an involuntary giggle at the spectacle.*
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *She's instantly pierced by Yumiko's furious glare.*
Michiru: Eek, sorry...!
Makina: Whadda wimp.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Ignoring Michiru as she cowers behind her desk,*
Narration: *Yumiko storms out of the classroom in a towering rage.*
Amane: There she goes.
Sachi: It feels like we've been watching reruns for a while now.
Michiru: S-So scary... what's with that glare? I can't even move when she does that...
Makina: Chiruchiru will be paying for that one 'n blood.
Michiru: Q-Quit it, Makina!
Makina: Don't worry! This'll be fun!
Michiru: For who!?
Narration: *Scenes like this one were very familiar by now. With the exception of Michiru, everyone seems perfectly calm.*
Narration: *Even if this little routine doesn't bother them, as a directly concerned party it's problematic.*
Yuuji: Hey, Amane.
Narration: *In response to my call, she points to herself with her index finger, silently asking "Me?"*
Narration: *When I nod, she approaches in her usual pointlessly sexy way.*
Amane: Hm-hm, what's up? Exhausted from your play-fighting with Sakaki-san? Finally seeking comfort in my bosom?
Yuuji: Would you want that sort of sex worker style treatment?
Amane: If Yuuji-kun asks nicely, I might not mind every once in a while...
Yuuji: ...I'll be sure to keep that offer in mind. But that's not what I need today.
Amane: Okay, so what then?
Yuuji: You've known her... Yumiko for a long time, right?
Amane: Hmm, well, I've certainly known her for a little longer than the others have, but...
Yuuji: Any ideas about the reason she's rejecting me this intensely?
Amane: ...Sorry, I don't know. That's kind of how she is, you know? To be honest, I haven't had many chances to talk with her except about practical stuff.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Amane: You did just get here, so maybe you'll gradually be able to talk to her. But at the moment, I'm practically still at the default state with her myself.
Narration: *Certainly, Yumiko hardly seems the type to open up and reveal herself to someone just because they've known each other a while.*
Narration: *I guess I'll have to find a solution myself after all...*
Yuuji: Thanks anyway. Let me know if anything comes to mind.
Narration: *With those words, I move to exit the classroom.*
Narration: *If Yumiko's rejection continues to take this form, I'll have no choice but to ask the principal's advice again.*
Narration: *At the moment I open the door and prepare to leave―*
Amane: ...Maybe she doesn't see you as one of us.
Narration: *I stop at the sound of Amane's voice.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Amane: Yuuji-kun, you came in here from the outside. She might be thinking of you as an intruder because of that.
Narration: *She's saying the same things as the principal, huh?*
Yuuji: ...Does it feel that way to you as well, Amane?
Amane: Not at all. I'm your fervent supporter, Yuuji-kun.♪
Yuuji: It's a little hard to take that seriously given the flow of this conversation...
Amane: ...I think the war might end if you make her think of you as one of us.
Narration: *I return to the dorm and wander the hallways without any particular objective.*
Narration: *Compared to shutting myself up alone in my room, it's easier to gather my thoughts.*
Yuuji: One of the group, huh.
Narration: *I recall Amane's parting words.*
Narration: *It's easy for her to say, but actually getting that island of a human being to recognize me as a friend seems next to impossible.*
Narration: *First of all, we're not even on speaking terms yet.*
Yuuji: Oh, this late already?
Narration: *The sun is sinking below the window frame, casting shadows along the hall.*
Narration: *About time for me to return to my room.*
Yuuji: Guess I'll try talking to her tomorrow...
Narration: *I scratch my head as I turn toward my bedroom.*
Narration: *The sound of my slippers echoes roughly in the hallway.*
Narration: *"Yumiko might have her own set of internal rules, since she hasn't tried to attack me even once while inside the dorm."*
Narration: *It's not that I was particularly off my guard as a result of that assumption. Rather, it was probably because it happened at this particular time of day.*
Narration: *...Or so I would reflect to myself later.*
Narration: *Evening, a hallway in the dormitory lit by the setting sun.*
Narration: *At the flash of thrusting light, I react instinctively―*
Narration: *And grab her arm firmly.*
Yumiko: Ugh...!
Narration: *With her arm captured, Yumiko's face stiffens.*
Narration: *The box cutter, blade still extended, rattles around at her feet, turning in circles around the handle.*
Yuuji: Trying for the element of surprise...?
Yumiko: A... aah...
Narration: *Yumiko's expression changes from shock to fear.*
Narration: *That's what tips me off that I'm not wearing my "peaceful" face.*
Yuuji: Sorry, it was sudden so I couldn't hold back.
Narration: *I didn't want to frighten her.*
Narration: *I thought I could play the normal student. I wanted to convince myself that I could.*
Yuuji: Look, Yumiko...
Narration: *Still gripping her arm, I look into her eyes and speak.*
Yuuji: I'm not your enemy.
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *Yumiko's expression betrays uncertainty for just a moment.*
Narration: *But, just as quickly, it settles back into her customary mask.*
Yuuji: But it doesn't look like you're convinced of that yet, so let me say one thing.
Narration: *Releasing her arm, I pick up the box cutter lying in front of her feet.*
Narration: *Carefully retracting the blade, I hold it out to Yumiko.*
Yuuji: I won't cause you harm, and I won't pry into your business, either. That's a promise. So stop this. It's pointless.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Observe me and reach your own conclusions. If I'm lying, you can always try stabbing me again.
Narration: *Stumbling, Yumiko retreats a single step.*
Yuuji: Bye.
Narration: *Turning around, I return to my room.*
Narration: *Normally, Yumiko would seize such a chance to attack, but something's different now.*
Narration: *Her elongated shadow is still, and the hallway is silent except for the small sound of her breathing.*
Date: *May 31, 2011 05:31:16 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Narration: *―After that day...*
Narration: *Yumiko's attacks came to an abrupt halt.*
Narration: *The scenes of sudden violence disappeared from our classrooms and hallways.*
Narration: *Although Amane barraged me with questions about the abrupt change, it wasn't really something I could talk about. I vaguely deflected her interest.*
Narration: *If I can use this as an opportunity to slightly improve my relationship with Sakaki, it's very welcome from the perspective of my "normal campus life."*
Yumiko: Ah.
Yuuji: Yo.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *As usual, to call Yumiko's behavior when we come across each other "curt" would be an understatement.*
Narration: *But at the very least, judging from the clearly different way she's looking at me, her "observation period" seems to be ongoing.*
Yumiko: ...I want to ask you something.
Yuuji: Unless it's about my weaknesses, I'll answer.
Yumiko: ...That was the question.
Yuuji: That's a shame. Come up with something else.
Narration: *She occasionally talks to me like this, but instead of friendly chats about our lunch plans, we have investigative inquiries and careful negotiations.*
Narration: *Even so, I suppose it's a considerable improvement over outright bloodshed.*
Yumiko: I'll find your Achilles heel someday...
Yuuji: Is that your idea of social interaction between classmates?
Yumiko: I haven't acknowledged you as my classmate yet.
Narration: *...Right then.*
Narration: *I open my hands in an exaggerated, American-style shrug.*
Yuuji: Well, good luck to you, Yumiko.
Narration: *I think it's time to leave before she starts probing any further.*
Yumiko: ...Look, you, stop calling me by my first name already.
Narration: *Seems like she's hung up on that point.*
Narration: *After those events, I've been intentionally addressing Yumiko by her first name.*
Narration: *The family name would actually be more appropriate here, but I've got a bit of a reason for doing this.*
Yuuji: Says the woman who's never referred to me as anything but "you?"
Yumiko: Even so, that doesn't mean you get to start addressing me however you please.
Yuuji: Hmm... so you're saying, as classmates, we should both use last names?
Narration: *Yumiko's expression clearly reads "oh crap!"*
Yumiko: W-What makes you think I'm going to address you as my equal?
Yuuji: Isn't that the starting point for building a cordial relationship?
Yumiko: E-Even so...!
Yuuji: All right, in that case I'll take our friendship to the next level by making up a pleasant nickname for you. You can do the same for...
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ...It might be a little early for that, so I propose starting with last names.
Narration: *Yumiko hesitates briefly. But before long, she opens her mouth stiffly, and in a tight voice―*
Yumiko: Best regards, Kazami-kun...
Narration: *After speaking those words with a cramped attempt at a smile, she stalks off.*
Yuuji: Yeah, best regards, Sakaki.
Narration: *Thus, after great hardship, I finally succeeded in establishing an absolute minimum level of communication with my fifth classmate.*
Narration: *...Seems this "student life" thing is pretty rough in its own way.*

Date: *June 1, 2011 15:58 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *When I push open the heavy glass doors, I find the lobby in utter silence.*
Narration: *Exchanging my outdoor-use shoes for the slippers I use in my room, I reach for the board hanging above the shoe racks and flip the magnetic name tag reading "Kazami Yuuji" from "Out" to "In."*
Narration: *A glance at the other name tags reveals that Sakaki, Sachi, and Amane are all "In," but there's no one in the lobby. They're probably shut up in their rooms doing homework.*
Yuuji: ...Hm... hold on...
Narration: *There wasn't any homework assigned today... Which would mean my hypothesis just now can't be accurate.*
Yuuji: ...Then what...?
Narration: *...When students shut themselves up in their rooms, homework and masturbation are the only things that come to mind...*
Narration: *Although I gave the matter a little thought, I don't plan on going around and confirming my new conjecture.*
Narration: *It's just a guess, and no matter what sort of vile filth they're getting off to, that's their prerogative.*
Narration: *In this case, pretending not to notice would be the kinder thing.*
Narration: *Having reached that conclusion, I reach out to the door of my room, but...*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *In doing so, I notice that the bit of tape I stuck on my door as a seal has been ripped off.*
Yuuji: ...(Someone's in the room)...
Narration: *Backing away from the door for a moment, I quietly press my ear against the wall, but can't hear any noises from inside.*
Narration: *It doesn't seem like a "typhoon" is laying waste to the room in my absence, but either way...*
Yuuji: ...(If it's someone stupid enough to miss the tape, no need to be too careful)...
Narration: *I forcefully swing open the door to my room.*
Yuuji: ...Don't move!!
Amane: Uwa... you surprised me! Don't open the door all of a sudden.
Yuuji: What are you doing in here? Who called me a stripper? It's not my birthday. You've got the wrong room.
Amane: Ha... sor... ahahaha! That's a new one! At your previous school, was a stripper in your dorm room the standard birthday surprise?
Yuuji: What, it's just Amane... why are you in my room?
Amane: Why, you ask...? I change my clothes in this room pretty frequently...
Narration: *Amane points to a large overnight bag lying on the floor, presumably containing her spare clothes.*
Amane: This room is the only one with this large a refrigerator. When I make a big shopping trip or whatever, I always use the fridge in here.
Yuuji: ...Why are you naked?
Amane: Because you burst in here all of a sudden when I was changing clothes. When I want to go shopping after school, this is where I change.
Yuuji: You've got your own room, right?
Amane: It's on the second floor, too much effort.
Narration: *When I was a grade-schooler, I had friends who'd throw their bags by the door after school so they could get back outside faster. I guess her brain works on the same level...?*
Amane: ...So... mind if I finish changing?
Yuuji: Hm... fine, I suppose...
Amane: How about you come inside instead of standing there?
Yuuji: I'll come in whether you invite me or not. It's my room.
Narration: *I walk into the room, hold a glass under the faucet in the sink, and fill it with tap water.*
Amane: ...Uhm, hey...
Yuuji: Hm? What?
Narration: *I swig down tepid water from the glass.*
Amane: ...Normally, would you actually?
Yuuji: Actually what? Your sentence is missing both a verb and an object.
Amane: Well, you know, a girl's getting changed in here, right? Wouldn't you excuse yourself, normally?
Yuuji: I'm not a normal man. And you were the one who barged into my room.
Amane: That's true, but...
Yuuji: If you don't want to be seen, how about being frank about it and telling me to get out?
Amane: Rude! My body's not something I need to hide!
Yuuji: Want me to stick a twenty in your panties?
Amane: ...I think I told you that I'm not a stripper already.
Yuuji: If you say so. You seem pretty used to this.
Amane: That's my line! How am I supposed to keep my cool with you staring at me like an old man watching baseball with a beer in his hand?
Yuuji: If you didn't want to be seen, you should have said so from the start. I'll be outside. Call me when you're done changing.
Amane: Don't bother! I'll be done in a minute.
Yuuji: What a troublesome woman. What do you want from me?
Amane: I want you to stay there and shut up!
Yuuji: Nice tits.
Amane: I didn't ask for your thoughts!
Narration: *Returning my empty glass to the sink, I turn my back on Amane for the moment.*
Narration: *Breaking into my room as she pleases, throwing her tits around as she pleases, and then getting pissed at me as she pleases...*
Narration: *I don't have any real obligation to be considerate of someone like that; but, well, this kind of thoughtfulness is what keeps society moving smoothly.*
Amane: ...Hey, Yuuji-kun.
Yuuji: What?
Amane: You seem, uh, pretty used to women. Do you have an older sister or something?
Yuuji: Hm... well, I did have one...
Amane: You had one... meaning you don't anymore?
Yuuji: ...She's dead.
Amane: I see... I'm sorry, that was thoughtless of me.
Yuuji: It's been years. Not a problem.
Amane: ...In that case, do you mind if I ask you one more thoughtless question?
Yuuji: What?
Amane: What was your sister's name?
Yuuji: Kazuki.
Amane: Kazuki...?
Yuuji: I know, kind of a weird name for a girl. It's actually written with the characters for "one" and "princess."
Amane: Hmm, that really is an unusual name.
Yuuji: Why do you ask?
Amane: No reason. Just a little curious.
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *My sister is a topic I'd prefer to avoid as much as possible.*
Narration: *Not because it's too painful to remember her death, or anything sentimental like that. I just don't want to get in a heavy mood for no good reason.*
Narration: *Maybe Amane picked up on my reaction, since she doesn't ask anything else about the subject.*
Narration: *Although she's a troublesome, selfish woman, I can honestly appreciate that part of her.*
Amane: Thanks for waiting! I'm done changing.
Yuuji: I wasn't really waiting.
Amane: Well? What do you think?
Yuuji: ...Hm...?
Narration: *Now that I look, Amane's wearing a pointlessly skimpy outfit.*
Narration: *Even if it is summer, this is a bit over the top.*
Yuuji: Too much exposure. Your breasts are barely staying in that thing.
Amane: Ah, it's fine. I've got the goods, so wouldn't it be a waste of resources not to show off a bit?
Yuuji: ...A waste of resources?
Amane: When I wear this to the shopping district, for some strange reason everyone throws in a lot of freebies.
Yuuji: Ahh...
Narration: *This woman's trying to disrupt the economy of the shopping district via her tits...?*
Amane: What's "Ahh" supposed to mean?
Yuuji: Nothing at all. If you're done, hurry up and go. The dirty old men at the shopping district are clutching their twenties in anticipation.
Amane: Right you are! Let's go, then!
Narration: *As she speaks, Amane grabs my arm like a Border Patrol agent seizing an illegal immigrant from Mexico.*
Yuuji: ...What are you trying to pull? Get off.
Amane: C'mon, let's go shopping together.
Yuuji: Why do I have to come...?
Amane: I'm buying ten kilos of rice today, so you're going to help me carry it.
Narration: *"Even if you don't rope me into this, with that huge body ten kilos shouldn't be an issue..."*
Narration: *―Or so I thought, but courteously didn't put into words. We are dealing with a woman here, technically speaking.*
Narration: *In the first place, she's only large "for a woman." I'm five or six centimeters taller.*
Narration: *I guess Amane's gotten sick of me staring at her silently, as she jerks me closer by the arm she's grasping.*
Amane: I let you see my breasts. A little shopping isn't exactly a bad trade, is it?
Narration: *I don't remember asking to see her breasts. This woman's logic is completely incoherent.*
Narration: *Maybe it's just me, but isn't this roughly equivalent to the way the Gestapo would arbitrarily execute Jews and then send their family a bill for disposing of the corpse?*
Amane: What? You look dissatisfied. If just a look isn't enough, want to squeeze them? Just a light massage, mind you.
Yuuji: If you think a flash of your tits will make any man do your bidding, you've got another thing coming.
Amane: Come on now, you have anything better to do? We didn't have any guys at this school before, so all the heavy labor went to me, you know? Don't you feel some pity?
Yuuji: When you've got a physique like that, I think it's probably inevitable.
Amane: I look forward to making you change lightbulbs for me. Well, let's go!
Narration: *As she speaks, Amane entwines herself around my arm, pushing her famous breasts onto me.*
Yuuji: Hey...
Amane: You might not guess it, but ah'm the daughter of an old-school respectable family. By all rights, the price for seeing me naked would be a shotgun wedding.
Yuuji: ..."Ahm"?
Narration: *The fact that I just spent a good second thinking about anti-helicopter mines is, frankly, completely ridiculous.*
Narration: *But the world has been seeming like an extremely ridiculous place recently. No point getting too down on myself.*
Yuuji: ...Fine. You just need me to carry the rice, right?
Amane: That's the spirit. You should have just said "yes" from the start. You would have won some points for sweetness.
Yuuji: I've heard it's better not to be loved by God or big women if you want a long life...
Amane: ...From who?
Yuuji: Just a joke. Let's get going already.
Amane: Ahn... hey, geez, wait up.
Yuuji: Let go of my arm. I don't need you clinging all over me. It's stifling.
Amane: Heheh... you know you like it～... Hm, what's this? ...*Sniff*... Yuuji-kun, you smell kinda nice. You wearing cologne or something?
Yuuji: Don't press your nose against me and snuffle! You're not a dog!
Amane: Oww!!
Narration: *Honestly, carrying some rice isn't really that big a deal. But if I'd agreed from the start to save myself the effort of resistance, it's easy to see she'd take that as a license to push increasingly unreasonable requests on me.*
Narration: *If you're smart, you start rejecting people's requests at 80% of your real tolerance level.*
Date: *June 1, 2011 - Mishima Cape - Central Shopping District*
Narration: *―Women's shopping methods can be broken down into two patterns.*
Narration: *Type A throws anything that catches her eye into her cart, whether or not she has any need for it. Type B deliberates endlessly over cost-efficiency even when she has a pressing need, and ends up buying nothing.*
Narration: *My impression of the woman named Amane, probably influenced by her large build, was that she was likely the careless sort who'd follow the former pattern. But apparently, I'm not much of a judge for these things.*
Amane: ...Okay, shall we hit the greengrocer next?
Yuuji: What, you're still buying? If you needed vegetables, why didn't you get them at the supermarket just now?
Amane: Because the greengrocer in the shopping district is cheaper than the supermarket.
Narration: *I understand in theory that specialty shops are better than general retailers, but as the one being dragged around, changing stores this rapidly is a serious nuisance.*
Narration: *Because Amane mentioned she wanted to buy oolong tea, I'd reached out for a two-liter 158 yen bottle at the supermarket, only to have her slap my hand lightly away.*
Narration: *In her words, "Don't buy that here! Get tea packs at the drugstore and you can make 52 liters for 480 yen!" or something...*
Narration: *And so I ended up following her to the drugstore as well.*
Amane: Excuse meee, some carrots and onions pleeease.♪
Greengrocer: Oh? If it isn't Amane-chan! You're cute as always!
Amane: Aren't I? Hey, how 'bout a little bonus? I won't tell the wife.
Greengrocer: Gahahaha! I can't beat Amane-chan! Alright, I'll throw in a pack of strawberries!
Amane: Kyaaaa! I'm so happyyy!! Really!?
Greengrocer: This deal's just for Amane-chan, so don't tell anyone, ok?
Amane: You're the bessst! Makina really loves strawberries, you know.
Greengrocer: Hm? Come to mention it, Maki-bou isn't with you today. What's up?
Amane: Ah, I bought rice today too, so I brought along a tough luggage-boy.
Greengrocer: ...Hahhn...?
Narration: *Growling, the dirty old greengrocer sizes me up with a blatant scowl on his face.*
Greengrocer: What's with this guy...? I don't like the look of his face.
Amane: Don't be mean, he's my little brother.
Greengrocer: ...Brother? What, your brother!? Here I was thinking Amane-chan started dating some worthless bum! Look at me jumping to conclusions! Gahaha!
Narration: *I'm not sure what's so funny, but the greengrocer cackles heartily as he stares into my face.*
Greengrocer: Hey, kid! What's your name!?
Yuuji: ...Yuuji...
Greengrocer: Ah! Yuuji, is it? Not a bad name! Good job helping your big sister out! Alright! I'll give you strawberries too, so eat 'em!
Greengrocer: You're not getting enough vitamins. That's why you've got a face like a murderer! They're brand-name strawberries from Tochigi, you know!? Eat, eat! Gahahahahahaha!
Yuuji: Thank you.
Narration: *I smile and lower my head in a slight bow, prompting the old man to shout "What? You can smile after all!?" in an even louder voice.*
Amane: Okay then, thanks again!
Greengrocer: Yeah! Come back soon! I've got more freebies waiting! You too, Yuuji!
Yuuji: Of course. Thank you.
Amane: ...Can you quit it with that face?
Yuuji: Hm? What are you talking about?
Amane: That crappy excuse for a smile. It looks like a face someone taught you to make.
Yuuji: ...You're strangely perceptive at times...
Amane: Look... you lie with your face like that sometimes, don't you? Run in your family or something? 
Yuuji: Fake smiles are an expression of consideration for others... you want me to scowl instead?
Amane: Then at least smile a little more believably. It's completely blatant.
Narration: *I was taught that "children's smiles and women's tears are weapons"... but this is the first time my own emotional front was penetrated like this.*
Narration: *...I may have been underestimating this woman...*
Amane: And now you're making that scary face again... That's why Makina's terrified of you, you know?
Yuuji: I was born with this face.
Amane: Hmm, so, was your sister born with that face as well?
Yuuji: ...My sister was... yeah, well... in her case... she always had this sleepy expression...
Amane: Oh, that so.
Yuuji: Why bring up my sister there?
Amane: Hm? Just came to mind...
Yuuji: More importantly, are we finished with the shopping yet?
Amane: Uhm, just have to pick up silken tofu and shirataki noodles at the tofu store.
Yuuji: ...We're still not done...?
Narration: *Just carrying rice... so I'd been promised when I agreed to this shopping expedition, but in the end, I ended up following her around for a good two hours...*
Amane: Thanks for helping me with the shopping, you were a big help.
Narration: *As she speaks, Amane is packing away the ingredients she purchased. For some reason, into my refrigerator.*
Amane: I usually go with Makina, but when I'm shopping with her, we tend to get sidetracked at the candy counter or toy stores or whatever, so it takes a while longer...
Yuuji: It's not a problem, but... mind if I ask you something? Why are you putting that stuff into the fridge in my room?
Amane: Hm? I already told you, the fridge in here is the biggest one.
Yuuji: That's not an answer to the question.
Amane: Come on, it's not like you're putting it to good use, now are you? Here, I'll give you a strawberry.
Yuuji: That's from the pack that old man at the greengrocers' gave to me.
Amane: You got it because I was there. I'll let you drink the milk in the fridge, okay?
Narration: *It's not that I particularly care about her using the fridge... but her barging in here every time she needs to get something would be a pain in the ass...*
Amane: I know! In thanks for today, how about I make you dinner?
Yuuji: I've already cooked rice, and I've got canned food for the side dishes, so I'll pass.
Amane: Canned food? That sounds pretty miserable... And the rice, you don't even have a cooker in here, so how are you preparing it?
Yuuji: Using that over there.
Narration: *I point toward a cylindrical mess kit style rice cooker made of aluminum, currently towering over the IH cooking heater in my kitchen.*
Amane: ...Huh? You're cooking it with a mess kit!?
Yuuji: IH heaters can't quite manage aluminum, so I've been using a gasoline stove I had with me instead.
Amane: Quite the survivalist... you had that stuff lying around?
Yuuji: It's only normal for a man to have a stove or two.
Narration: *"Normal for a man" is probably an overstatement, but it's standard equipment for a backpacker, at least. Ideally, you want one that can use the unleaded gasoline you can get from gas stations.*
Amane: In that case, why don't you bring what you've made to my room? Nothing but canned food for side dishes is pretty sad, don't you think? I'm making Makina's helping anyway, so let's eat together.
Yuuji: No, I'll pass.
Amane: Why? Don't worry, I'm actually quite good at cooking.
Yuuji: Makina would be there, wouldn't she?
Amane: Aah... right... Makina's still scared of you, isn't she...
Yuuji: Exactly. I think it'd be better if I wasn't there.
Amane: Hm... how about using this as a chance to become friends?
Yuuji: It's not going to happen that fast. And if I go out of my way to eat quietly, she'll end up feeling even more uncomfortable. I'll pass after all.
Amane: Well, I guess I'll give up on tonight, but once Makina warms up to you I can make you dinner whenever you want.
Yuuji: You telling me to become friends with her in exchange for food?
Amane: That's not what I meant, but I really would like you to get along with her. She's actually really bad at making friends, so you should try starting a conversation from your end, Yuuji-kun.
Yuuji: I don't have anything against her, and I don't want to be on hostile terms, so I'll try to talk to her. But I'm not going to guarantee that it's going to improve things between us.
Narration: *"Since my personality is what it is."*
Narration: *In response to my implied statement, Amane answers "that's good enough" with her smile.*
Amane: Well, thanks for today!
Narration: *As soon as the words are out of her mouth, Amane briskly leaves the room, but...*
Yuuji: Ah, hey, wait! You forgot...!
Narration: *The overnight bag packed with Amane's spare clothes is still lying in the center of the room.*
Yuuji: ...That woman... she isn't planning to change in my room again, is she...?
Narration: *...More to the point, I'm sure I locked this door when I left this morning... how did she even get in here?*
Narration: *There aren't any signs of damage to the lock, and I can't imagine she's got a secret talent for lock-picking. Does she have a spare key or something?*
Narration: *...Suou Amane...*
Narration: *The creatures known as "large women" are mostly careless, but weirdly attentive to certain details. They possess unusual intuition, as well as pointlessly large breasts... and on the whole, deserve to be handled with caution...*

Date: *June 2, 2011 12:55 - Mihama Academy - Schoolyard*
Narration: *―No matter what sort of life you're living, you'll run into people who just won't listen to what you have to say.*
Narration: *When words don't get through, the easiest alternative is beating them into submission. Certainly a bit of a rough solution, but when you're dealing with another man it's at least an option.*
Narration: *But when you're dealing with a woman - let alone a shrimp of a girl who doesn't come up to your shoulder - it's a different story.*
Narration: *If you start swinging your fists around out of irritation under those circumstances, anyone would call it bullying the weak. It's bad style and would leave an unpleasant aftertaste.*
Narration: *What's called for in such situations is perseverance and patience.*
Narration: *In this age of rapid scientific progress, I'd like some machine you could stick on your back, throw the switch to "zen-like," and instantly gain infinite self-control―*
Narration: *But sadly, despite the market potential for such a device, the world isn't yet such a convenient place.*
Narration: *Well, no big deal. Fortunately enough, I'm pretty used to endurance tests.*
Makina: ......
Narration: *It's been five minutes since I spotted Irisu Makina wandering aimlessly around the campus, and called out "What're you up to?" in a casual tone.*
Narration: *On the bright side, she reacted to my voice and stopped dead in her tracks instead of fleeing, but beyond that things haven't gone well.*
Narration: *Staring fixedly up at my face, Makina doesn't speak a word.*
Yuuji: ...Can you not speak Japanese?
Makina: ......
Narration: *Silent as always, Makina shakes her head back and forth in denial, apparently having understood my question.*
Yuuji: Are you afraid of me, maybe?
Makina: ......
Narration: *Her silence continues, and this time there's neither confirmation nor denial.*
Narration: *It doesn't seem likely that she didn't understand the question... which would mean this one is in uncertain territory somewhere between "yes" and "no"... as far as I can guess.*
Narration: *I'm repeating myself, but this sort of communication takes a lot of patience and persistence.*
Narration: *I try to consciously consider things from Makina's point of view.*
Narration: *A transfer student with an unclear background... what's more, a man 178 cm high.*
Narration: *From the perspective of Makina, who I'd guess to be around 140 cm, it might well be a little intimidating to have me towering above her.*
Narration: *For the moment, I crouch down so that my eyes are level with hers.*
Yuuji: ...It seemed like you were wandering around the grounds. Are you looking for something?
Makina: ...Nope.
Narration: *Makina speaks a single word in a quiet voice and once again shakes her head in denial.*
Narration: *"Then what were you doing...?"*
Narration: *That's a point of some interest to me, but, well... if you get down to it, wherever she is and whatever she's doing is her own business, I suppose.*
Narration: *I'm not a policeman, and I don't have any reason to drag it out of her.*
Narration: *In this case, it might be best to find some words to wrap this up cleanly, give her a friendly goodbye, and let this timid creature be on her way.*
Narration: *―But as I reach this conclusion, Makina slowly moves her hand to the rear of her skirt, grabs something with her stubby fingers, and pushes it in front of my eyes.*
Yuuji: ...Hm? What's this thing?
Narration: *At a glance, the item in Makina's small hand is a toy-like object roughly the size of an egg, with an LCD screen buried into the center.*
Makina: ...A digital pet...
Yuuji: What's that...?
Narration: *On closer examination, there's some unknown lifeform or monster, most closely resembling a chick, displayed in blocky pixels on the central LCD―*
Narration: *It seems to be programmed with some cheap animations, about three patterns or so.*
Yuuji: ...Ah...
Narration: *Come to think of it, I remember reading a news article about this a few years ago. After developing the smallest three-axis geomagnetism sensor in the world at the time―*
Narration: *A certain company fed that technology into a children's electronic toy, which then became an explosive hit among grade-schoolers.*
Yuuji: It's a pedometer, right? One of those things where the pet grows up faster the more you walk?
Makina: Yeah, that's it.
Narration: *Nodding her head, Makina returns the pedometer in her hand to her waist.*
Narration: *In other words, she wasn't looking for anything in particular. Her wandering itself was the objective.*
Yuuji: Walking's a good thing, since it's aerobic exercise without too much strain on the joints. And if you're going to walk anyway, having some sort of visible result from the effort might make it feel more worthwhile.
Makina: ...Well, I don't really wanna go outside that much...
Narration: *Makina points at the school gate as she speaks.*
Narration: *I see... it makes sense that she'd want to avoid crowded places, given her extreme shyness.*
Narration: *That would restrict her strolls to pacing around the school grounds, which would quickly get repetitive.*
Narration: *So the digital pet serves as a distraction from that boredom... most likely.*
Yuuji: You like taking walks?
Makina: ...Hn... sorta, kinda...
Yuuji: Sorta, is it.
Narration: *Well, walking for fun at this age might be a little odd... it seems more like the hobby of an old man.*
Yuuji: You have any other interests? Like reading, for example. Read any books lately?
Makina: ...Books...?
Yuuji: Manga's fine too, whatever.
Narration: *To tell the truth, I'd already heard from Amane that Makina often reads books, and reading is a hobby of mine as well. I think it's a decent common topic for starters.*
Narration: *In response to my question, Makina holds her right index finger to her chin, and mumbles "...Hm..." while gazing up at the sky.*
Makina: ...Uhm... a quiz book...
Yuuji: Quiz, huh... was it interesting?
Makina: What's the dangerous sweet that's life-threatening to observe with the naked eye?
Yuuji: ...Hmn!?
Narration: *Life-threatening to observe with the naked eye...? What kind of death-ray weapon is that...? And a sweet, of all things...? Some new tech from the west...?*
Narration: *Just looking at it is dangerous... would mean it's probably some variety of optical weapon? Something like... an X-Ray possessing mass... or some sort of beam-saber style light-based killing tool...*
Narration: *No, but if just seeing it is dangerous... some sort of superweapon that radiates a pulse to the receptors of the eyeball, using a flickering pattern to stimulate the brain cells and trigger accelerated apoptosis?*
Narration: *Hold it, hold it... this thing is a sweet right? A sweet...? What the heck? Where do we go from there? All I'm getting... is some sort of chocolate pastry shooting out a mysterious beam of light... pew pew pew?*
Yuuji: ...Don't know, I give up. What's the answer?
Makina: Candy.
Yuuji: ...What?
Makina: C-an-dy. See an' die.
Yuuji: See and die... ahh... I get it... I missed that angle. Candy, hahaha...
Makina: ...Can I go now?
Yuuji: Hm? Yeah, sorry to hold you up.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Without even a "bye" or "later," Makina leaves the area at a trot, as if fleeing from me.*
Yuuji: ...It doesn't seem like she outright hates me, though...
Amane: Isn't it the opposite?
Yuuji: ...How long have you been there?
Amane: Since the part about "candy," I think?
Yuuji: What do you mean by "the opposite?"
Amane: Ah... well, you know, her shyness is definitely part of it, but I think Makina's trying to not be disliked by you.
Yuuji: ...Trying to not be disliked...?
Amane: Makina's really a more cheerful girl, but she's often so energetic that it gets on people's nerves, so she's holding back.
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *True enough, I remember seeing her rushing around brandishing a cicada and cackling that first time.*
Narration: *If that's her "normal" state, then the way she behaves in front of me would certainly be a product of deliberate self-restraint, but...*
Amane: If she's holding back, isn't that proof that she's consciously trying to avoid being hated by you?
Yuuji: I think it could be interpreted as simple fear as well...
Amane: Well, half out of fear... does sound about right, but I think that'll be all right.
Yuuji: What makes you say that?
Amane: When you were talking with Makina just now, you squatted down to talk to her face-to-face, right? That's actually pretty effective.
Yuuji: Hm... yeah...
Narration: *When I was a kid, there was a time I'd been surrounded by unfamiliar adults and found myself on the brink of tears.*
Narration: *When one of the adults stooped down to talk with me face-to-face, I immediately got emotionally attached.*
Narration: *Looking back, I feel like shouting "You sure got attached to an outrageous person," or complaining about what an idiot I was, but...*
Amane: Right, I'm pretty tall myself and all, and Makina really didn't take to me at first. It took me a good month to figure out that trick of bending over when I talk to her.
Yuuji: And now she's glued to you... or something like that?
Amane: Ah... well... she's definitely gotten attached to me, but it's not like we're together constantly. Makina is the type that fundamentally likes to play alone.
Amane: And the girl's got some pretty fierce mood swings, too... Hmm... Don't take this the wrong way, but if I was with her constantly I'd get worn out pretty fast.
Yuuji: Maybe she's playing by herself because she understands that?
Amane: I can't explain it too well, but she's kind of like a cat. When she wants your attention, she'll meow and cuddle up to you, but the instant she gets bored she'll be gone like that.
Amane: Her hair's all fluffy and curly, her body's flexible and soft, her temperature's high so it's warm when you hug her, and she's got that mildly sweet scent. Very cat-like, don't you think?
Yuuji: A cat... I see...
Amane: Well, she might seem a little blunt until she gets used to you, but she's really not a bad kid. Try to make friends.
Yuuji: I don't plan to force her to be friends if she doesn't want to be... but yeah, I'll try to avoid being hated.
Narration: *If I avoid unnecessary contact, I shouldn't inspire any hatred, or come to hate anyone myself.*
Narration: *In exchange, I won't be liked or come to like anyone either.*
Narration: *Maintaining emotional distance along appropriate lines is an essential, but extremely difficult, aspect of forming efficient interpersonal relationships.*
Narration: *...Of course, there are always these careless puppy-dog types who'll leap into your arms wagging their tails right from the start...*
Amane: ...W-What... are you staring at my face for...
Yuuji: Well... just thinking about how beautiful you are.
Amane: ...Got in the mood... for a kiss?
Yuuji: All right Amane, close your eyes.
Amane: O-Okay...
Narration: *Her chest swelling with some ridiculous expectation, Amane closes her eyes and thrusts out her lips as instructed.*
Narration: *Moving quickly and silently, I make good my getaway, leaving the girl to her foolishness.*
Amane: ...Hm? Hmm? ―Hey! He... where are you going! Argh! You tease!!
Narration: *I see, Makina may have the right idea. Leaving out "later" or "goodbye" entirely and silently running away certainly is less troublesome.*
Narration: *Don't take it the wrong way, Amane. It's not that I hate you, I'm just trying to avoid being hated by you.*

Date: *June 3, 2011, 12:35 - Mihama Academy - Schoolyard*
Narration: *―Read books in a well-lit area.*
Narration: *That was a teaching of my master's.*
Narration: *At that time, I was accustomed to reading while shut up in a closet or dark room, so those words felt a bit refreshing.*
Narration: *Of course, it's not like I'm worried about obeying the teachings of a woman who's already dead, and I'm still not good with direct sunlight―*
Narration: *But here I am searching for a bright place with a book in hand anyway. Aren't I adorable?*
Yuuji: ...No reason to wander around looking for a sunny place in this shitty heat.
Narration: *Stepping away from the air-conditioned school building, I unfold the school's admissions guide pamphlet.*
Narration: *On the coated, three-fold brochure, there's a birds-eye view illustration of the campus, with a mark to the south of the schoolhouse annotated "Planned Site of Library Construction."*
Yuuji: Planned site... meaning there isn't a library yet, I guess...
Narration: *Although there is something library-esque on the second floor of the school building, the collection only holds around 200 books.*
Narration: *You can apply to have a book stocked if you're after one in particular, and apparently a bookmobile replaces the existing collection every once in a while, but it doesn't seem like it's being used that heavily.*
Narration: *In other words, there's no reason to go out of my way to borrow the key to use it. I brought my own books, and there are plenty of well-lit areas besides the library.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *While casually looking over the pamphlet, I find the words "Rose Garden."*
Yuuji: ...This is definitely our Principal's doing...
Narration: *A rose garden is absolutely essential for a school attended by young maidens! At the entrance ceremony every year, the seniors can pin the roses they grew themselves on the chests of the new students! How beautiful!!*
Narration: *...Or so I can easily imagine a certain woman who doesn't know how to act her age deluding herself.*
Narration: *Pretty flowers might calm your mind, but they won't fill your belly. If you've got room to grow them, it would be better used for an edible plant. But telling her that would probably just make things unpleasant.*
Narration: *I'll just have to remember to greet Principal Tachibana with a "Good day, Onee-sama" the next time I see her.*
Yuuji: A rose garden, eh...
Narration: *I don't have any interest in inedible flowers, but I guess there would be a shade tree or two as well. Imagining myself reading under a tree surrounded by blooming roses brings a smirk to my face.*
Narration: *Guided by these silly thoughts, I decide to head toward the rose garden for the first and only time.*
Yuuji: ...They call it a rose garden, but not a single one's in bloom...
Narration: *Based on the map this is definitely the right spot, and there's even a white arch that seems appropriate, but from what I can see there aren't any roses in flower.*
Narration: *Maybe the garden's still a work in progress, or perhaps they're cutting the buds during the summer...*
Yuuji: ...Well, not like I came to see roses in the first place, so whatever...
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...That was a surprise...
Narration: *I wasn't expecting anyone else to be here.*
Narration: *...No, more importantly―*
Yuuji: ...What the heck is she doing?
Narration: *I approach silently, and touch Makina's neck in the area of her carotid artery.*
Yuuji: ...She's got a pulse...
Narration: *On close inspection she's breathing quietly, so I guess the wicked stepmother (Amane in this case?) didn't feed her a poisoned apple.*
Yuuji: ...She's sleeping? ...Wait, this thing is... a cat? I think?
Narration: *A large cat is serving as the soundly sleeping Makina's pillow. I'd taken it for a stuffed animal at first glance.*
Narration: *It sure looks like a fluffy toy, but when I draw close, the stubby ears buried in its fur twitch like miniature radar antennas.  *
Narration: *My next question, "Why sleep out here...?" soon resolves itself.*
Yuuji: ...I see... it's definitely nice and cool here.
Narration: *Cats are knowledgeable about cool places - or so they used to say.*
Narration: *As for Makina, I expect she was wandering around by herself as per usual, then grew exhausted and collapsed into sudden sleep on the spot.*
Narration: *I watch the partially gnawed apple on Makina's chest rise and fall with her breathing.*
Yuuji: ...She fell asleep in the middle of eating. Just like a baby...
Narration: *I notice that Makina's mouth is half-open, and dripping transparent drool.*
Narration: *...Not to mention, her hair's a scruffy mess, the ribbon on her uniform is crooked, and she's wearing different socks on her left and right leg... What's with this girl...*
Narration: *As I look down upon her, Makina suddenly snuffles noisily.*
Makina: ...*Snzz*... Hnn... Nyu...
Yuuji: Heh... what a weirdo.
Narration: *It's been a while since the last time I laughed at a woman's sleeping face...*
Narration: *Even as I'm filled with the desire to keep watching, discomfort at the peaceful atmosphere of this place also wells up within me.*
Narration: *At that moment I sense someone watching me, and look over to find that Makina's pillow-cat has woken and is staring up at me in surprise.*
Cat: ......
Yuuji: ...Sorry to bother you. Go back to sleep.
Narration: *I leave them, taking care to avoid making noise, and sit down under a tree a little ways away.*
Yuuji: ...Phew...
Narration: *Wandering around as she pleases, then falling asleep in the nearest cool place when she gets tired. I see, she certainly does remind you of a cat.*
Yuuji: ...I'm envious.
Narration: *That's not sarcasm or anything. I'm genuinely envious of Makina.*
Narration: *I'm sure that she brings that little pocket of naturally peaceful space with her wherever she goes.*
Narration: *I think that's something worth envying, and it's probably very precious to her as well―*
Narration: *―Which might well be why she doesn't want to step outside this sanctuary of a school when she can avoid it.*
Narration: *Inside this sanctuary that would crumble in a moment without the protection of others―*
Narration: *I wonder if the day will come when I too can sleep in that utterly defenseless way...*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *Turning toward the sound, I notice the fat white cat from before appearing from the direction of the thicket I just left.*
Narration: *Rustling its way through the foliage on stubby legs, it stops suddenly when it spots me sitting under the shade of my tree. Glaring at me with sleepy-looking eyes, it lets out a single disgruntled meow.*
Cat: ...Mr'～owww...
Yuuji: ...My bad.
Narration: *After getting suddenly awoken in the middle of a pleasant nap, it's only natural. If I were pulled out of bed on a Sunday morning by some pushy religious solicitors, I'm sure I'd make a similar face.*
Narration: *Although the fat cat doesn't seem to have accepted my apology, he snuffles roughly and lumbers away from this place.*
Narration: *As I'm watching the cat's dignified exit, the bushes start to rustle again.*
Makina: Hnn... nnnnn... naa...
Narration: *I hear the sound of a dimwitted creature awakening and lazily stretching out its body.*
Narration: *When I take a look, Makina's crouched on the ground on all fours, bending her back.*
Narration: *"She really is a cat in human form..."*
Narration: *Makina opens her mouth, holds down a yawn, and rubs roughly at the tears spilling out of the corner of her eyes. After a restless look around the area, she draws herself up off the ground.*
Narration: *It's not like I'm doing anything I need to be ashamed of, but before I realize it I've hidden myself from her.*
Makina: ...Hnnnn...
Narration: *After standing stock still for a moment, Makina takes a bite from the apple in her hand and wanders off briskly.*
Yuuji: ...And where's she off to now?
Narration: *It doesn't look like she's got any particular destination in mind. Driven by an interest I find difficult to pin down, I decide to quietly follow Makina.*
Narration: *―There's no regularity to Makina's actions. Just when I think she's walking straight toward something she'll come to a sudden stop, look around restlessly, and head off in a different direction.*
Narration: *It doesn't seem like she's lost or anything, so I suppose she's just moving wherever her whims take her. It makes it incredibly troublesome for me to tail her.*
Narration: *Not that it'd be a serious problem if she noticed me, but if I awkwardly call out to her now I have the feeling she'll just run off again. I skillfully hide my presence and continue shadowing her movements.*
Narration: *―Tailing a girl without her knowledge... Objectively speaking, I guess this would be stalking.*
Narration: *Just as I'm finally starting to get fed up with following Makina's directionless rambling - which resembles the random staggering of a sleepwalker more than anything else - the rare wandering monster in question comes to a halt.*
Narration: *Her resting place is an area on the outskirts of the school courtyard, in front of an artificial cement "pond" of uncertain purpose.*
Narration: *Makina totters her way up to the pond, thrusts her hand in the pocket of her skirt to retrieve some half-eaten white bread, and starts tearing off chunks to throw into the water.*
Narration: *Every time Makina's small hand hurls a bit of bread into the pond, a loud splashing sound resonates from the surface of the water. Apparently there are fish being kept in the pond, and she's feeding them.*
Makina: Nhuhuhuhu, eat it all up, get nice an' plump...
Narration: *"...She fattening them up to eat?"*
Makina: Ahh! Clawfish!!
Narration: *"...Clawfish...?"*
Narration: *Makina looks around the area rapidly, grabs a short tree branch lying nearby, then leans over the depths of the pond and begins poking into the water.*
Narration: *Although I was puzzled there for a moment, it seems like she's trying to capture a crawfish she spotted in the pond.*
Makina: Hnn... Ugg... jus' a lil'... clawfish... jus' a lil' closer... C'mere...!
Narration: *"This looks risky..."*
Narration: *Given her character, it's obvious she'll be taking a face-first dive into the pond very soon if I just sit here.*
Narration: *I approach Makina from behind and call out to her.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, watch out or you'll fall in that pond.
Makina: Nnwha? Ah... ahh!? Waah!!
Narration: *I guess I shouldn't have called to her out of nowhere. Makina's hand slips off the ground in a stereotypical slapstick pratfall.*
Yuuji: ...Whoops.
Narration: *Swiftly reaching out to the floundering Makina, I firmly seize the collar of her school uniform and pull her back to safety.*
Makina: Nnyaaaaaa...
Narration: *Dangled by the nape of her neck like a kitten, Makina lets out a feline cry.*
Yuuji: You're light... are you even 40 kilos?
Narration: *There isn't any difference in weight from the backpack I'm always carrying. Given this weight and size, I could lug her a good 25 kilometers in a single day.  *
Makina: Fue... lemme down...
Yuuji: Oh, sorry...
Makina: ...You startled me... shocking girls ain't right, you know?
Yuuji: I wasn't planning to call out to you, but it's better than letting you fall into the pond, isn't it?
Makina: ...Yeah, thanks for helpin' me...
Yuuji: No need to thank me. I did the natural thing given the circumstances.
Narration: *Look at me shamelessly doing the life-saving hero number, despite being in large part responsible for the problem in the first place. I might have the makings of an American politician.*
Narration: *Makina gives a quick bow of thanks, and without another word starts to run away from me yet again.*
Yuuji: Hey, hold it, where do you think you're going?
Makina: ...Uu?
Yuuji: Don't give me "Uu." Why are you running away from me?
Makina: I'm not really running away or anything. Do ya need something...?
Narration: *When she asks me point-blank, it's not like I have any particular justification for detaining her here.*
Narration: *That said, it's kind of unpleasant to be avoided this blatantly. At the very least, if there's a reason she's doing this, I want to know about it.*
Yuuji: I think I asked this before, but are you scared of me?
Makina: ...Not really...
Yuuji: If there's some reason why you're avoiding me, how about telling me? If possible, I'll try to address it.
Makina: ......
Narration: *Again with the silent treatment...*
Narration: *Deciding to pursue the conversation more patiently, I squat down to match my line of sight with Makina's.*
Yuuji: ...Do you remember my name?
Makina: Kazami... Yuuji...
Yuuji: That's right. Yuuji's fine.
Makina: First name's... kinda embarrassing...
Yuuji: Okay, then call me what you want.
Makina: Uhm... then... Onii-chan...
Yuuji: Onii...?
Narration: *I have to say being called her big brother is a bit embarrassing on my end, but...*
Yuuji: Well... all right.
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *When I turn around in response to the splashing sounds coming from the pond behind me, there are a number of fish gathered at the surface of the water flapping their mouths in a demand for more food.*
Narration: *It seems they've come to expect a handout when people stand near the pond.*
Yuuji: Makina, you still have bread crumbs left?
Makina: Y-Yeah...
Narration: *Makina thrusts her hand into her skirt pocket and rummages through its contents.*
Makina: ...Uhm... this ain't it... not this one either...
Narration: *As she talks she pulls things out of her pockets one after the other.*
Narration: *The items that emerge are mostly sweets like candy, chocolate, and chewing gum, along with an erratic selection of tools like nail clippers, rubber bands, and glue sticks.*
Narration: *Although I've heard that "women's purses are connected to the fourth dimension," this girl's pockets seem to be connected to a garbage dump.*
Narration: *Makina carelessly rains down the rubbish that emerges on the ground around her.*
Yuuji: ...One after the other... what is this?
Narration: *I pick up a plastic container shaped like a large film canister. There's a label pasted on the side filled with numbers and symbols of uncertain meaning.*
Makina: Ah, don't! That's ramune candy for Chiruchiru, give it back!
Yuuji: I'm not going to steal it or anything... here, take it.
Narration: *When I hold out the case to her, Makina snatches it back instantly.*
Makina: ...Uuu... you absolutely can't eat these, 'kay?
Yuuji: I'm not going to sneak bites of other people's food at my age.
Makina: So you say, but I ain't convinced... the world's a cruel place... I've known a cert'n oversized woman to say things like that, an' then go gorge herself in secret until she's drowning in pleasure!
Yuuji: ...Amane, huh?
Makina: Huh!? How'd you know I was talking about Ama-nee!?
Yuuji: I didn't. Just saying the first name that popped into my head... it really was her? Guess she's got a surprisingly gluttonous side...
Makina: ...Uuu... don't tell her ya heard it from me, okay? Here, I'll give ya some bread, so let's make that our lil' secret.
Narration: *Good as her word, Makina shoves some half-eaten bread under my face.*
Makina: There, ya can have all of it. Eat it all up and get nice an' plump, yeah?
Yuuji: No, I wasn't planning to eat it...
Narration: *I take the bread scraps from Makina, tear off some small pieces and throw them into the pond.*
Narration: *The fish at the surface struggle like a pack of piranha for the food, messily gulping it all down.*
Yuuji: ...Nice appetite... huh? I thought these things were carp, but... now that I get a closer look, they're actually goldfish...?
Makina: Yep, they're goldfish. I scooped 'em up at the Shinto festival last year!
Yuuji: From a goldfish snatching game, huh?
Makina: Yep.
Narration: *If these were originally goldfish from a scooping game, they're almost certainly the tiny kind that's sold as live food for carnivorous fish in pet shops, but...*
Yuuji: ...These things are huge...
Makina: I fed 'em every day, and they just got bigger an' bigger, ya know?
Yuuji: Fish generally can keep growing as long they're alive, so the more you feed them the bigger they'll get...but just what have you been feeding them?
Makina: Uhm... chunks of bread, or normal goldfish food, I guess? I feed 'em all the time during recess and when I get bored.
Yuuji: ...Ahh, I get it... fish don't really have a sense of being full, and they don't feel nerve pain either, so they'll eat as much as you give them even if their stomachs are bulging out...
Makina: Really?
Yuuji: The number one cause of death among aquarium fish is indigestion from being overfed. Or that's what it said in something I read when I was a kid.
Makina: What kinda book?
Yuuji: ...Uhhm, I think it was a magazine called Monthly Junior Science? There was an article about raising fish in ozonated water where it was mentioned.
Makina: Ooh, it was a magazine about fish?
Yuuji: Not just fish, it had features on things like animals or space as well. My older sister was a seriously dedicated reader. I'd pick up magazines like that when she was finished, although half of it went over my head.
Narration: *―As I'm recalling the content of the science magazines I read back then, I suddenly remember something.*
Yuuji: Hey Makina, you had some pickled squid in that pocket, didn't you?
Makina: Yeah, I do, but... you givin' it to the fish?
Yuuji: No, just take it out for now. Also, have anything we could use as string?
Makina: Got some cotton sewing thread... why?
Yuuji: You'll see.
Narration: *Receiving the squid from Makina, I firmly tie one end of the thread around it, and then knot the other end to a tree branch I picked up at random.*
Makina: ...A fishin' rod...?
Yuuji: Exactly. So now we...
Narration: *I toss the squid dangling by the thread into the pond.*
Narration: *Around the area where I threw the squid, I can see the shape of the crawfish Makina had been poking at earlier.*
Narration: *When I jiggle the squid in front of his face, within a matter of seconds the crawfish extends his pincers and firmly seizes the bait.*
Yuuji: There, hooked him, see that?
Makina: Whoa! Aw'some! You caught the clawfish!
Yuuji: It's a crawfish, not a clawfish. You've got the word wrong.
Narration: *As I dangle the captured crustacean in front of her eyes, Makina stares at it with an expression of immense curiosity.*
Makina: ...Hooh... this clawfish's bright red!
Yuuji: There must be a lot of edible aquatic plants or something in there. Crawfish turn red when they have abundant food.
Makina: What happens if they don't?
Yuuji: They turn blue.
Makina: Blue...!?
Yuuji: If you take a small newborn crawfish and continuously give it food like potatoes, radishes, or sardines that don't contain carotene, it'll turn blue in a month or so.
Makina: You serious!?
Yuuji: I read it in a book when I was a kid, and ended up trying it out myself.
Yuuji: There were some that ended up with a lot of violet spots or white flecks, but I remember getting a few that turned deep blue as well.
Makina: Cool! I wanna try it too!
Yuuji: Okay, then try to catch one yourself.
Narration: *I pull the captured crawfish off the squid to return to the pond, then hand the "fishing pole" to Makina.*
Makina: ...Wonder if I can catch one? I've never fished before...
Yuuji: Experiencing new things is always worthwhile, so you might as well start by trying to catch one yourself.
Makina: Yeah! Here I go!
Yuuji: Don't fall into the pond, all right? Also, try to get the smallest one you can.
Makina: Okay, I'll do it!
Narration: *Taking the crude pole from me, Makina forcefully hurls the squid into the pond.*
Makina: ...Hope I can catch a clawfish...
Yuuji: I already told you, it's "crawfish," not "clawfish."
Makina: Don't worry about it. I'm an idiot.
Narration: *Is that the issue here? I mean, I do remember pronouncing "snail" as "smail" back when I was in elementary school for a while, but... after my sister pointed it out to me, I stopped making that mistake.*
Yuuji: ...Didn't you have someone to point out that sort of mistake for you? Your mom, for instance.
Makina: ...Nah... since Mom hates me...
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *"There's no mother in the world who hates her child" was my mother's line, but... by now, I'm all too well aware that the world isn't that simple...*
Narration: *I suppose there really are mothers who hate their children... And for those children, that can't be a topic they want to chat about with some stranger. An awkward attempt at consolation would backfire here.*
Makina: ...You're a nice guy, Onii-chan...
Yuuji: Hm? Me?
Narration: *Seems like I haven't quite gotten the hang of being called "Onii-chan" yet.*
Yuuji: You serious? How am I nice?
Makina: ...Well... you didn't keep asking me about my fam'ly...
Yuuji: Just wasn't interested enough to risk it.
Makina: You're not interested in why I'm hated?
Narration: *I stare steadily at Makina's small back, silhouetted against the pond.*
Yuuji: ...If you want to talk, I'll listen.
Makina: Welp... it's because I'm an idiot.
Yuuji: Don't they say that kids are cuter when they're a little dumb...?
Makina: Ya shouldn't underestimate how dumb I am, okay? Might not look it, but I'm an infamous dyed-in-th'-wool idiot...
Narration: *...Can't say I've ever heard of anyone with that fierce a reputation for being stupid before...*
Yuuji: ...Well, don't worry about it. There's nothing but idiots in my vicinity, including me.
Makina: Ya know, Onii-chan... I, uhm. I haven't been avoidin' you because I hate you, ya know?
Makina: It's because I don't want you to hate me... don't want you to think... I'm a stupid kid... that's why I've been staying away...
Yuuji: It's like I said, I'm surrounded by idiots. If I went around hating people for something like that, I'd run out of my supply of hate real fast.
Narration: *Well... there certainly are people who can't hold together their fragile sense of self-worth except by looking down on others...*
Narration: *Even a few true idiots who take those emotions to the extreme, become dictators or cult leaders, and launch hunts against their "inferiors"...*
Yuuji: But why assume you'll be hated over something like that, anyway? That way of thinking seems counter-productive.
Narration: *Debase yourself by saying "I'm just an idiot" and you'll just puff up the many self-styled "geniuses" of the world.*
Makina: ...But ya know, I'm... not pretty like Ama-nee, or smart like Yumi-chan... and I don't have any talents or anythin'...
Yuuji: There's no point in standing around with your mouth open waiting for talent to fall from the sky. You make your own.
Makina: ...How?
Yuuji: Hmm... no matter what you're doing, the most essential thing is to not give up. Fail as many times as it takes. Keep trying persistently until you can call yourself "average."
Makina: Ev'n then, you're still just average.
Yuuji: Average is just fine. If you can collect a nice group of average-level skills, that's already above-average. You've created your own sort of "talent."
Narration: *"Being a hard worker is a talent in its own right" were my sister's words...*
Yuuji: And from that group of average skills, you can work to improve further on the things that you think you're suited for...
Yuuji: A person blessed with talent, in a manner of speaking, is just someone who found a path well-suited to them early on...
Yuuji: When you get down to it, people can accomplish nearly anything as long as they don't give up. Obvious, but it's true. On the other hand, guys who give up at the first setback will never get anything done...
Yuuji: There's no need to rush. You're still a kid, you've got time. Try out anything and everything, struggle around as much as you want...
Narration: *I rest my hand on Makina's head with a gentle thump. It's at just the right height for this sort of thing.*
Yuuji: That's what school is for, right...?
Makina: ...Ya... think so?
Yuuji: At the very least, I think the principal wants this school to be that sort of a place. So you might as well throw out your chest and do as many stupid things as you want. With pride.
Narration: *...Of course, if this girl ends up doing something truly dramatically stupid, the principal will be the one facing the music, so I'm probably overstepping my bounds just a bit here...*
Makina: ...So it's okay if I'm dumb?
Yuuji: Why not? Being dumb is fine.
Yuuji: In the first place, guys who go around calling themselves "geniuses" are either weaklings with fragile egos, or jokers who use the line to get a laugh.
Yuuji: And even if you were some genius, that just makes it easy to mistake yourself for a perfect human and start slacking off. Hares like that get passed by the tortoises of the world eventually.
Makina: 'Kay! You really are a nice guy, Onii-chan!
Yuuji: Don't get me wrong, I just wanted to try playing the nice guy for a bit. You shouldn't trust me that easily, got it?
Makina: Ah, I know this! It's that "tsundere" thing! Chiruchiru's always practicing it, ya know? "Don't misunderstand!" an' all that!
Yuuji: ...Hm... How to put this... I'm not sure how I feel about being put in the same boat as that girl...
Yuuji: Hm? Makina! I think you've got a bite?
Makina: Hmm!? Ohh!? Whaddo I do!?
Yuuji: No need to rush, slowly pull it out of the water.
Makina: Whoa! Clawfish! Ah, oops! I caught a crawfish! I caught it!
Yuuji: See? People can do anything if they try. So don't give up before you start, okay?
Makina: Yeah! I'm feeling kinda confident all of a sudden! I wanna take this crawfish to my room an' try that experiment to turn it blue!
Yuuji: Okay, then you should go to Amane or Sachi and see if you can find an aquarium to raise it in. Make sure only to feed it stuff without carotene.
Makina: Uhm, radishes, potatoes, and sardines, that sort of thing?
Yuuji: Oh? You remembered.
Narration: *I put my hand on Makina's head and ruffle her hair around roughly.*
Makina: Hehehehehe. Might be a lil' hard ta believe, but my memory's actually pretty dang good.
Yuuji: All right, better get that crawfish in water while it's still in good shape. Don't over-feed it, okay?
Makina: Yah! Got it! Thanks, Onii-chan! Will you play with me again?
Yuuji: Yeah, see you later.
Makina: Thanks!
Narration: *Makina, still clutching the crawfish, waves her hand cheerfully and takes off at full speed toward the dorm.*
Yuuji: ..."Thanks"... huh...?
Narration: *I don't recall doing anything worthy of much gratitude, but regardless, hearing such a happy "thanks" feels kind of pleasant.*
Narration: *Maybe it's because I was raised in an environment where such words were very rare, but I think being able to thank others so freely is also a sort of talent.*
Narration: *It probably seems perfectly commonplace to her, so I'm sure she's not even conscious of that skill...*
Yuuji: ...I sort of get the feeling... she may just be overlooking the talents she does have.
Narration: *Ah, I get it... I guess that's what makes her an "idiot"...*
Narration: *They say that "idiots don't catch colds," but it's probably more accurate to say "idiots don't realize when they've caught a cold."*
Narration: *In the same way, because Makina's an idiot, she's probably oblivious to her own abilities...*
Yuuji: ...Hrm... honestly, what a weird girl...
Narration: *But then again, weird people are rarely boring.*
Narration: *Or so I think, basking in the peaceful, sluggish atmosphere Makina left in her wake.*

Date: *June 4, 2011, 08:00 - Mihama Academy - Front Gate*
Narration: *In the time-honored traditions of America, bright red cars are called "pony cars" because of their reputation as playthings for schoolboys, while yellow models are "jackass" cars because only morons drive them.*
Narration: *A certain German woman I know, whether aware of that or not, deliberately drives a particularly flashy yellow vehicle around.*
Narration: *Apparently she very much enjoys the compliments she gets from colleagues at work - usually some variation of "it really suits you."*
Narration: *In other words, "a stupid car like that is just about right for a dumb blond." But she hasn't caught on to the fact that she's being mocked, and I've tactfully decided not to inform her either.*
Narration: *Just like with women who get flattered when someone tells them "your dress does wonders for your figure," it's pretty tough to let her know after the fact she's not really being complimented.*
Narration: *But sometimes things like this can come back to bite you when you least expect it.*
Amane: Hey, Yuuji-kun...
Yuuji: Hm?
Amane: There's a foreigner looking over here and waving at us... someone you know?
Yuuji: ...Don't know her. I don't have any bimbos among my acquaintances.
Amane: Uhm, but I'm pretty sure she's waving at you in particular...
Yuuji: I told you I don't know her. Probably selling girl scout cookies.
Amane: Say what?
Yuuji: Either way, better not get too close. Let's get out of here.
JB: Howdy♪ Yuujiii～
Amane: Hey, she pretty clearly just called your name, you know?
Yuuji: ...Ugh... what is that woman thinking...
Amane: Who is she?
Yuuji: I'll explain later. Sorry, but go on ahead.
Amane: Huh? What? You knew her after all? Could it be... a loan shark!?
Yuuji: ...She's my guardian... or rather, my guarantor.
Amane: Is everything okay?
Yuuji: It's fine. Hurry up and take Makina back. I'll be right behind you, I'm just going to say a quick hello.
Amane: Okay...
Narration: *Apparently not enjoying the way I'm shooing her off with my hands like a stray dog, Amane walks away with a sulky expression, shooting repeated glances over her shoulder.*
Narration: *After watching Amane and Makina disappear past the school gate, I screw up an irritated expression, scratch my head vigorously, and approach the blinding yellow bimbo-mobile.*
Yuuji: ...Look, woman...
JB: Heyo! Enjoying your school life?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, more or less. You enjoying pretending to be my guardian?
JB: You sure have a nasty way of putting things. You're just like Asako in that respect, you know?
Yuuji: What did you come here for?
JB: Do I need to have a reason to come see you? I am technically your guardian, you know?
Yuuji: Although I'm grateful that you're acting as a guarantor of my background, I don't need a guardian at my age. Kindly get lost.
JB: You're so cold... you were such a sweet little kid, too.
Yuuji: If you think you can shut me up by bringing up my childhood, you've got another thing coming. I'll repeat the question. What did you come here for? If it's about work, I thought I had a break for the moment.
JB: No, no. I just wanted to come take a peek at how well you're handling being a normal student in a normal school.
Yuuji: There's no problem at present. If you forced me to come up with one, you being here would top the list. It's going to be a pain in the ass to make up an excuse when I go back to the classroom. Don't increase my workload.
JB: We prepared a perfectly straightforward past for you, didn't we? Stick to the script. I'm a distant relative of your mother.
Yuuji: I'd prefer to avoid lying outright where possible... Lies are like colors. The more you pile up, the blacker things get.
JB: When it comes to lies, wouldn't Akasaka's "red" be more appropriate?

Yuuji: Get enough of that place and things turn just as black.
JB: And that's why you handle things carefully. Assuming you're planning on avoiding an "accidental death?"
Yuuji: I don't need you to tell me that. I'm handling this myself. Which is precisely why I don't need you giving me surprises like this.
JB: *Sigh*... Fine. I'll head back for today.
Yuuji: ...What, are you serious? You really did just come to see me?
JB: That's what I said. If we needed to talk business, I'd contact you by cell phone beforehand.
Yuuji: ...Ah... right, the cell phone...
JB: Hold it, don't tell me you're not carrying it? After we got you a separate one for private use, on top of the one for work?
Yuuji: Sorry, I'll make sure to keep it around from now on.
JB: If you don't respond to an attempt at contact from us for longer than fifteen minutes, you'll have a squad on you for desertion. You do understand that, right?
Yuuji: I'm aware.
JB: Also, you need to submit a written application in advance if you leave the prefecture!
Yuuji: I'm aware of that as well.
JB: Ah! That's right! When you came to this place, you walked over the prefectural border! I bought you a train ticket, you know! What the hell was that?
Yuuji: I hate trains, as you know.
JB: What kind of an idiot walks 200 kilometers for a reason like that!?
Yuuji: The kind that's standing in front of you. Also, the walk was closer to 175 kilometers.
JB: You talk pretty big considering that little trip ended with you in police custody! I'm the one who got crap from the brass, you know!?
Yuuji: ......
JB: Hey you! Stop saying "this woman's a pain in the ass" with your eyes!
Yuuji: You some kind of psychic? How did you read my thoughts?
JB: You want me to cry!?
Yuuji: No. Look, I do feel bad about that. I'll apologize nice and slowly over dinner next time, okay? So please leave.
JB: If you think you can shut me up by buying me food you've got another thing coming. Not to repeat myself, but if you want to avoid an "accidental death" don't do anything too stupid! Understood!?
Yuuji: Understood! Orders received, Major Harudera!
JB: ......
Yuuji: ...Hey, stop saying "Can I hit this guy? Just once?" with your eyes.
JB: Are you psychic!?
Yuuji: Please don't spread it around. It's a pain in the ass to have to bend a spoon every time I introduce myself.
JB: ...You know...
Yuuji: I do understand. Don't mind my jokes.
JB: Geez... where did we go wrong in raising you? Such a nasty kid.
Yuuji: I get that a lot. Hurry up and get going. You don't have the time to play around here either, do you?
JB: Yes, I'm leaving, not that I need your help managing my time. You're awfully persistent...!
Yuuji: You're right. My bad, JB.
JB: As long as you understand... Well, I'll be in touch...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *I watch as JB turns away and climbs into her car, her blond hair swinging behind her in waves. As she drives off, I retrieve a cell phone from my school bag.*
Narration: *Although I'd pretended otherwise, I've been carrying my "work" phone around just as ordered.*
Narration: *It's a black, low-profile slide phone I received from JB specifically for company business. I slide the screen up, quickly input the unlock PIN, and call up the menu screen.*
Narration: *Although it looks like a perfectly normal cell phone, any calls made from this machine pass through a special encrypted line.*
Narration: *There's only one entry in the contacts.*
Narration: *That single number is listed under "JB" ― Julia Bardera... naturalized name "Harudera Yuria" ― my direct supervisor at my part-time job.*
Yuuji: ...Tch... If you're going to come, at least give me an advance warning...
Narration: *I click my tongue in irritation, slide the phone shut, and stuff it into the pocket of my uniform so I can respond instantly to any future contact.*
Narration: *Harudera Yuria... alias JB... as the woman said herself, she's something of a pain in the ass.*
Narration: *She'll go nearly half a year without a single call, and then suddenly it's a brusque "stand by in the designated point." Where, of course, she has some incredibly troublesome job waiting to push on me.*
Narration: *No, it's almost better when there's actually a job. Sometimes she leaves me at the rendezvous point for more than an hour without any contact―*
Narration: *And then when I finally get the call I've been sitting around waiting for, it's a curt "Situation resolved" and I go right back home again.*
Narration: *Well, I do get a "travel fee" deposited into my account just for heading to the standby point, so I suppose it's not a complete fool's errand in that sense, but―*
Narration: *Sometimes I can't help but feel like my time on this earth isn't being spent efficiently.*
Narration: *It's something of a behind-the-scenes "part-time job," and the work would be troublesome to explain to others if they asked. Of course, it's also not the kind of job I can just casually quit when I want to.*
Narration: *More importantly, this is a position that I inherited from my master. I wouldn't walk away even if I could.*
Yuuji: ...Well then... how should I explain this to Amane and company...?
Narration: *I don't think I'll be able to pass her off as a cookie peddler after all...*
Narration: *I pass through Mihama Academy's school gate, dragging myself along on heavy feet.*
Amane: Ah, there you are!
Narration: *As expected, the instant I show my face in the classroom Amane jumps all over me.*
Narration: *Most of my classmates are gathered on the far side of the room, apparently having watched me from the window, and as I enter they're all looking at me with questions in their eyes.*
Amane: Hey, who was that? The blondie just now.
Yuuji: Blondie...?
Narration: *Naturally, Amane is the one who steps forward to interrogate me, as if declaring herself the representative of the class.*
Narration: *That said, the rest of the group doesn't seem to be disinterested either―*
Narration: *Makina's staring at me with a dazed expression, and Sachi's clutching her hands together in front of her chest, waiting for my words with bated breath.*
Narration: *As for Michiru... for some reason, she's glaring at me like I kicked her puppy―*
Narration: *Sakaki, on the other hand, is sitting primly in her seat reading a book, as if to announce she's above such things, but...*
Narration: *Judging from the way she hasn't turned the page once since I came in, we've probably got her attention as well.*
Yuuji: I told you already, didn't I? She's my superior from my part-time job.
Amane: Su-pee-ree-or, superior, huh... superior, is it? Yuuji-kun, you have a part-time job?
Yuuji: Yeah, I lost both my parents when I was a kid, so I have to earn my own living expenses.
Amane: What sort of a job is it?
Yuuji: It's a little difficult to summarize, but... well, I get rid of "garbage," or crawl into various places and take care of the "cleaning"... it's what you'd call "dirty work."
Amane: Hmmmm... so, that blondie works in cleaning too?
Yuuji: That's right. But she's on the management side, so she doesn't get her hands dirty.
Amane: Hmm... what's her name?
Yuuji: JB.
Amane: JB?
Yuuji: Her real name is "Harudera Yuria." JB's a pet name.
Amane: She's Japanese? Sure doesn't look it.
Yuuji: She's a naturalized citizen. I think she's originally German...? Don't really remember.
Narration: *I pull out the chair from my seat, and drop my bag on top of the desk with a deliberately loud thump.*
Yuuji: The questioning over now? If you've satisfied your curiosity, then go sit down. Class is going to start.
Narration: *Just as I speak, the first bell rings, and Makina and Sachi scurry back to their seats―*
Narration: *But the large woman who's been interrogating me, her expression still smoldering with irritation, pulls out the chair from the seat in front of mine and sits down heavily.*
Amane: ...Hey, Yuuji-kun? I haven't asked you the most important question yet.
Yuuji: What? Spit it out, then...
Amane: Your relationship with that person. She's not your girlfriend, is she?
Yuuji: ...That's your big question? What a joke...
Amane: It's not a laughing matter for me.
Yuuji: ...Don't stick your nose in my face...
Amane: You get excited?
Yuuji: You've got a mustache starting there...
Amane: You're kidding!
Yuuji: Yeah, just screwing with you.
Amane: ...I'm going to break your nose, okay?
Yuuji: Sounds fun. Give it a try.
Amane: ...You little!
Narration: *Amane's punch is slow and lacking in serious intent. I dodge it easily with a slight swaying movement of my upper body.*
Yuuji: Think this over calmly. Do I look like a man who could be in a relationship?
Amane: Uhm, that's exactly why I'm suspicious. In your case, an older, blond, foreign lover feels strangely plausible...
Narration: *Amane stares into my eyes as if searching for the truth.*
Amane: I mean, don't you also know Principal Tachibana somehow?
Yuuji: Well, yeah.
Amane: ...Talk about fishy...
Yuuji: What is?
Amane: What were you doing before you came to this school...?
Yuuji: ...Well...
Narration: *...So this question finally came up.*
Narration: *On paper, I was studying abroad in Canada... or some similar lie they came up with for my forged personal history... but if they start pushing into that story, this will just drag on.*
Narration: *Answering "somewhat" honestly now should make for less trouble down the line, anyway...*
Yuuji: Before I came here... I guess I was a "freeloader" of sorts...
Amane: Freeloader...?
Yuuji: If you want to make it sound fancier, maybe a "gigolo?" I was being supported by an unrelated older woman.
Amane: ...That's the blond woman?
Yuuji: No, she's a friend of the other woman. I started mooching off her after the first one died.
Amane: ...You're awful.
Yuuji: In exchange, she worked me brutally hard on the job. She doesn't have anything to complain about.
Amane: ...*Sigh*...
Narration: *Amane shuts her eyes, slaps her hand on her forehead and heaves a heavy sigh.*
Amane: ...In any case, you don't have a girlfriend? Right?
Yuuji: Right.
Narration: *I'll admit I don't quite understand why that's the main point here, but I guess this stuff is on the mind of girls at this age. If you try to force your perspective onto everything, you'll lose sight of the bigger picture.*
Narration: *Although she doesn't look entirely satisfied by my obedient response, Amane mutters a brief "Well, all right," rises from the chair, and heads off to her own seat.*
Narration: *I watch until she finally sits down, then quickly turn to look behind me.*
Michiru: ...Wha! Whaddya you want!?
Narration: *Immediately behind me, I find a bright red Michiru staring back at me.*
Yuuji: ...Were you listening?
Michiru: Wha! Bwa! Guh!
Michiru: Don't get the wrong idea! It-It's not like I'm interested or anything!
Michiru: I wasn't listening! I just happened to overhear! D-D-D-Don't go around making me hear your weird stories, got it!? You're a real nuisance sometimes!
Narration: *Crossing her arms tightly in front of her chest, her face bright red, Michiru babbles frantically. In response, I thrust out my right hand in an energetic thumbs up.*
Yuuji: ...Nice tsundere, Michiru.
Michiru: Gah!! You're such a jerk...
Narration: *If you don't want to talk about something, you should make it awkward to ask... on that theory, I tried spicing things up a little more than the reality, but who knows how much of it they believed...*
Narration: *Of course, it's true that my parents died when I was still a kid, that I was picked up by an older woman (my master), and that I lived off the money she earned.*
Narration: *After my master's death, I did get work from her friend JB in order to earn my keep. On top of that, it's thanks to her vouching for me that I'm able to attend a "normal school" like this in the first place.*
Narration: *...Huh, now that I think about it, I didn't change the facts much at all.*
Narration: *But then, the more you focus on constructing believable lies, the less they tend to work. When you stick more or less to the truth, you'll end up convincing people no matter how absurd the story sounds.*
Narration: *A promising start... would be a bit of an overstatement, but I think I can work with this.*

Narration: *June 6th, 2011, 10:20 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Michiru: Uggh... It's finnnnally ovvvver...
Narration: *As soon as the lecturer leaves the classroom, Michiru slumps forward onto her desk.*
Yuuji: We've only gotten through two periods. Are you out of stamina already?
Michiru: I know, I know... but when it's nothing but lectures, I always end up like this...
Michiru: Hey, Sachiii. My mechanical pencil's empty. Do you have any spare lead lying around?
Sachi: Yes... here you are.
Michiru: Ahh, thanks... yeah, this is the stuff. Very convenient for blocking X-rays, shame about the poisoning and all...
Michiru: ...What the heck!? This is a lump of actual lead!
Amane: Hehe...
Michiru: Huh, what? Am I being bullied here? Did Sachi finally get sick of lending me lead and erasers and stuff every single day?
Michiru: Could it be that she... secretly hates my guts?
Yuuji: ...That's quite the imaginative leap in logic there.
Amane: Hehehehe...
Makina: ...Hey, Sacchin. Hurry up an' resolve the misunderstanding. Chiruchiru's gonna melt into a puddle.
Sachi: Ah... please excuse me. Michiru-sama was asking for this instead, yes?
Narration: *Sachi hands Michiru a new lead for her mechanical pencil.*
Michiru: ......
Michiru: G-Geez... give me a break, Sachi. I was a teensy bit nervous there for a minute...
Yumiko: You've got the heart of a flea.
Michiru: Excuse ME!? That's way too small! I've got the courage of your average fly at the very least!!
Amane: What a depressing excuse for a boast... Come up with something a little better than that...
Yumiko: ...If you'd like, we can put your nerve to the test.
Michiru: No... that's quite all right, thank you kindly...
Yuuji: Way to prove her right.
Makina: Hey-hey, Sacchin. Gimme a loser-leaves.
Sachi: Uhm... a loose-leaf notebook, is it... here you are, Maki-chan.
Makina: Mmmm, grazie grazie.♪ Mwa, mwamwa～!
Sachi: ......
Amane: That's enough, Makina. No rutting in the classroom!
Makina: Ugh... a buzzkill has arrived. Let's continue this later... in bed.♪
Narration: *...I'm willing to bet she saw some spy movie yesterday.*
Yuuji: But anyway, you've really got the works, Sachi.
Sachi: I might, but I'm not sure what sort of "works" you're referring to.
Yuuji: What?
Michiru: Uhm... should we say something here?
Amane: Hmm... I wonder?
Yuuji: You're a unique one.
Sachi: ...Thank you very much.
Michiru: Somehow that turned into a compliment...
Amane: ...I know, right?
Yuuji: Let's see, do you have a chisel on hand as well?
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *As soon as I request it, a chisel set emerges from the depths of her desk.*
Yuuji: How about a heavy-duty stapler that can handle dozens of sheets of paper at once?
Sachi: Uhm...
Narration: *Standing from her desk, Sachi walks off to face a large locker in the back of the classroom.*
Yuuji: ...What's with that locker? It's twice the size of the others.
Amane: You mean Sacchan's personal storehouse?
Sachi: Would this be what you were looking for?
Narration: *Within a few minutes, she finds the requested item and brings it to me.*
Yuuji: Normally, I'd expect to have to go to a stationery store to get something like this...
Michiru: Yuuji, have you seriously still not caught on?
Yuuji: Hm?
Michiru: In this class, it's common knowledge that "Sachi's better than a Swiss Army knife."
Yuuji: Are you saying her karate chop cuts sharper than a folding blade?
Amane: ...No, no. It means that Sacchan's unbelievably versatile and resourceful.
Yuuji: I see.
Narration: *Well, considering her apparent skill and devotion, I suppose she's well-prepared to deal with most requests.*
Michiru: That proverb has a bit of a story behind it...
Narration: *It was a blistering summer day... the classroom AC had broken down under the heat's assault...*
Michiru: Uuu... today's so friggin' cold... the cicadas won't last long at this rate...
Makina: Hey hey, Chiruchiru. Les' do nabe for lunch, nabe. Gotta warm yourself up inside and out!

Michiru: Ooh, Makina has some good ideas now and then... haha, hahahaha...
Amane: ...What on earth?
Yumiko: Who knows? Perhaps their brains have boiled?
Amane: Boiled, you say...
Makina: I know, right? Hot pot in school sounds pretty cool, yeah?
Michiru: Yep yep. Your wisdom took me by surprise.♪
Michiru: All right then, Sachi. I'll leave preparing the nabe set to you!!
Sachi: ...Yes, with pleasure.
Michiru: Just kidding, as if you could find stuff for hot pot in this season...
Makina: ...Wait, huh?
Amane: Sacchan...? Where did she run off to?
Yumiko: ...She went to gather things for nabe, presumably?
Michiru: Aha...ahahahaha... n-no way... I mean, we were just kidding around, right?
Makina: Yeah. I mean, it's not like she could just pull somethin' like that outta her hat on a moment's notice...
Yumiko: I seem to remember hearing her accept the request "with pleasure."
Michiru: ......
Makina: N-Now that you mention it...
Amane: She really did accept...
Narration: *At first, everyone was skeptical...*
Narration: *But when Sachi finally returned at the end of fourth period, having skipped class entirely―*
Sachi: T-T'ank you for waiting... *Sniffle*
Michiru: For real! She comes back with a hot pot set, the ingredients, and this adorable runny nose!
Makina: That said, the nabe was really friggin' good.
Amane: Was it? You started throwing in candy and stuff, so by the end it was a pretty bizarre mix...
Michiru: Hey, peanut gallery! Don't just ignore my passionate storytelling!
Yuuji: Incidentally, if I said I wanted nabe right now, would you be able to prepare things like you did before?
Sachi: Yes, I would, but...
Narration: *With a small nod, Sachi moves her gaze to the locker behind us.*
Yuuji: I see. Seems like you really might be more versatile than a Swiss Army knife.
Michiru: The point is, watch what you say around Sachi, got it? She takes everything totally literally...
Yuuji: Yeah. All right Sachi, let's change things up this time. Get together the ingredients for "flowing" somen noodles.

Sachi: Yes... certainly.
Narration: *...Hrm. An instantaneous response even here.*
Michiru: Hey, you! Did I not warn you literally five seconds ago!?
Michiru: Look what you've done now! Sachi's already left...
Yumiko: ...He asked for ingredients, so I suppose it's the supermarket this time.
Amane: Or maybe the dorm kitchen.
Yuuji: Not a problem. I really do want to try this.
Michiru: ...So, why flowing somen?
Yuuji: You said it yourself earlier, didn't you?
Yuuji: It's hot today, so I thought a cool meal would be best.
Michiru: Wha-What's up with that... It's not like I'm gonna thank you just because you're being nice to me, got it?
Amane: ...*Sigh*
Narration: *..................*
Narration: *............*
Narration: *......*
Yuuji: ...Okay. This looks about right.
Narration: *With a careful check of the bamboo flume that makes up the small canal, I've confirmed that the water is flowing smoothly.*
Narration: *Having explained the gist of things to the others, I spent the last two periods obtaining the necessary materials and putting together a simple angled bamboo gutter on the roof.*
Makina: Uu... I'm hung'y...
Narration: *A few minutes after lunch break begins, my classmates (excluding Sachi) emerge.*
Michiru: Whoa!? What's this...
Yumiko: The "flowing" part of flowing somen, I believe.
Michiru: I know that, I'm asking why it's on the roof of our school!
Amane: ...Yuuji-kun, did you make this thing?
Yuuji: Yeah. There's a bamboo grove within walking distance in the direction of the mountain, so the materials weren't hard to come by.
Michiru: You skipped class to collect bamboo in the mountains...?
Yuuji: This would be the first time I've skipped class, come to think of it.
Michiru: Wha? You telling me you haven't cut class even once before?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I suppose you could say that.
Michiru: H-Hmm... that's pretty unusual in this day and age...
Yuuji: Also, I used moso bamboo for this thing, but... when you're looking to make more intricate goods like a hamper or strainer, the more flexible madake bamboo is better suited to the job.
Yuuji: If you can tell the difference between the two it'll come in handy when you're trying to live off the mountains. Keep it in mind.
Michiru: Uh... I don't think female students typically need to worry about living off the land...
Amane: ...True.
Sachi: Thank you for waiting.
Narration: *Sachi joins us, carrying a large tote bag on her shoulder.*
Makina: Hoho! Nice timing, Sacchin.
Yuuji: Looks like you were able to find what we needed.
Sachi: ...Yes, I was able to obtain the standard ingredients.
Yuuji: Then let's start preparing for the meal.
Yumiko: ...This side seems a little crowded, so I'll be over here.
Michiru: Or so she says. Maybe you just want an upstream position because you're burning with anticipation?
Yumiko: !? 
Yumiko: ...Would you like to find a blade floating in your direction?
Michiru: L-Let's not, okay? If I ended up eating a box cutter, I think my throat might get a little scratched...
Amane: Ya ready, Maki-bou? Once the noodles slip past those two, we ain't sparing a single strand, got it?
Makina: You betcha, captain!!
Narration: *After I distribute a pair of chopsticks and a bowl of soup for the noodles to everyone, they take up their desired positions around the bamboo gutter.*
Narration: *It seems like flowing somen is a rare experience for everyone, not just me.*
Michiru: Well then, Ms. Sachi! Throw us the first pitch, please!
Sachi: ...Certainly.
Narration: *In response to Michiru's yell, Sachi releases a few strands of somen noodles into the waterway.*
Yumiko: Ah...
Michiru: ...There! Catch!!
Michiru: *Slurp*...*Slururp*... Mmmm! Tastyyy!!
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: Hey hey, don't give me that look. Better luck next time, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Ugh... I'll show you...
Makina: ...Hey, Ama-nee. Might this be a really bad position?
Amane: I-It's fine. Once they start putting a lot in at once, I'm sure some will get past those two.
Makina: <Oops...>
Michiru: Okay Sachi, round two please.♪
Sachi: Well then...
Yumiko: ......!?
Yumiko: Yes!
Michiru: ......!?
Michiru: Haha, behold my skill!
Makina: ......
Amane: ......
Narration: *Amane and Makina stir their empty soup bowls with hollow eyes.*
Narration: *Because of the intense battle upstream, none of the noodles have reached their lower position.*
Yuuji: All right, then we'll just do this.
Narration: *I set up another gutter that I prepared as a spare at a position below Michiru.*
Yuuji: Sachi, let's get some in this one as well.
Sachi: Certainly.
Makina: Ooh... so this is the Japanese Direct Train, boss.
Amane: Thanks, Yuuji-kun.
Yuuji: No need to thank me. A long time ago, I had it beaten into me not to waste the things I make.
Amane: Hmmm...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *I glance to my side, where Sachi is silently floating somen noodles down the waterway.*
Yuuji: At this rate, you're not going to get any, Sachi.
Yuuji: Alright, I'll secure your share.
Narration: *Scooping noodles directly from the original container, I deposit them in Sachi's bowl.*
Sachi: ...Thank you very much.
Makina: Aah! That's cheating! Why just Sacchin!?
Amane: If that's an option, I want Yuuji-kun to feed me directly too.
Narration: *A pair of observant "hunters" are on me in seconds.*
Yuuji: Hold it. If everyone starts taking noodles directly, it's not "flowing" somen.
Amane: If we did this in my room, I'd be up for letting Yuuji-kun try some exclusive "sexy somen." Flowing down my body, instead of a piece of bamboo.
Yuuji: ..."Sexy somen." Nice ring to it.
Michiru: H-Hey, Amane! What the heck a-are you blurting out all of a sudden!?
Amane: Hmm, I think "bribery through feminine wiles" would be the most accurate description.
Makina: I can do that too! I'll bweak! I'll bwwweak! 'n all that.
Michiru: Aaah, geez! What is WRONG with you two!?!
Yumiko: ...Hey, Komine-san. Your hands aren't moving.
Sachi: Oh... I'm sorry...
Principal: ...I was curious why he suddenly told me he'd be skipping class. But flowing somen on the rooftop, of all things?
Principal: Heheheh. He thinks in interesting ways. As expected from the sudden transfer student character.

Date: *June 6, 2011, 13:15 - Mihama Academy - Hallway*
Narration: *―I've heard it takes about three days to get a cat to take to you. The girl named Irisu Makina got attached to me even faster than that.*
Narration: *Yes, this is the same Makina who used to flee the instant she laid eyes on me.*
Narration: *I have no idea what changed her mind, but lately it's been quite the opposite, with her approaching me on sight.*
Makina: ...It's hot again today...
Yuuji: Yeah, true...
Narration: *Not that she's particularly talkative. After a small greeting, she tends to just tag along in silence.*
Yuuji: You want something?
Makina: Un-uh. Not really.
Narration: *Honestly speaking, getting followed around for no reason like this is a little annoying... That said, there's no reason for me to coldly shoo her away either. *
Yuuji: ...You don't need to go to afternoon class?
Makina: Nope. I don't have any more electives meetin' today.
Yuuji: I see...
Makina: Yep.
Narration: *In other words, she's probably just bored.*
Narration: *The schedule at this school is divided between the core curriculum in the morning and optional courses in the afternoon. It's not rare for a few of my classmates to be lazing around by the vending machines after lunch.*
Narration: *"If you've got nothing to do, how about going back to the dorm and studying?"*
Narration: *...Is what I'd like to say, but come to think of it, I'm also wandering around wasting my free fifth period, so I don't exactly have the right to lecture Makina.*
Yuuji: ...Want something to drink?
Narration: *I dig my hand around in my pockets, searching for small change.*
Makina: ...I've got money.
Narration: *Holding out her right palm toward me to declare "it's fine," Makina takes out something that looks like a green stuffed animal from her pocket.*
Narration: *The vaguely frog-shaped (?) thing seems to be a purse, as its red mouth opens wide with the snap of metal bearings.*
Narration: *After taking out a few coins, Makina buys a juice box from one of the vending machines lined up in the passage, then returns to my side.*
Makina: ......
Narration: *Pulling the attached straw free with stubby, clumsy-looking fingers, Makina pierces it into the juice box and starts to slurp up the contents.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Similarly, I drink quietly from my paper cup full of oolong tea.*
Makina: ...It's hot again today...
Yuuji: True...
Narration: *Now we're repeating ourselves.*
Narration: *Probably evidence that we're both puzzled over how to get a conversation started.*
Narration: *Who was it that told me the man has to break the ice in situations like this?*
Narration: *Of course, I'm not confident I could pull that off if I tried. What do I talk about with a girl like Makina?*
Makina: Hey, Onii-chan. Got any good stories...?
Yuuji: ...Stories... hmm, stories...
Narration: *It's a fairly standard request, but I'm not sure where to go with this...*
Yuuji: ...What sort of story?
Makina: Hm... it's hot, so a nice 'n' cool story...
Yuuji: ...A cool story... hmm... that's a bit tricky...
Narration: *When you're looking for a "chilling" tale, I think ghost stories are the standard choice...*
Narration: *Fortunately, I'm not lacking in that department. A legacy of the time I spent at my old school.*
Yuuji: ...All right then... this is something I heard from an upperclassman at my previous school...
Narration: *―This is the story of an American soldier who found himself on a southern island in a night flooded with lukewarm rain.*
Narration: *The soldier was making his way south through the darkened jungle amid the pelting downpour, following a native trail with eight companions. Their objective was an enemy antiaircraft position.*
Narration: *The rain had been falling for two days straight, leaving the ground swampy as a paddy field. With the moon hidden by thick storm clouds, the soldiers couldn't even see the back of the comrade walking two or three meters ahead.*
Narration: *The squad's nerves were already worn by the suggestive darkness of the night jungle, but the relentless rain piercing through the tree canopy was slowly sapping their endurance as well―*
Narration: *And on top of it all, the rough map they'd received from the scouts was vague to the point of uselessness, good for little but further fueling their anxiety.*
Narration: *As the squad trudged on at a virtual crawl through the knee-deep mud, it was inevitable that their formation grew increasingly loose―*
Narration: *So the American soldier, a sniper bringing up the rear of the column, was desperately struggling to avoid getting separated from the rest of his unit.*
Narration: *Eventually, he heard a distinctive clacking from some distance in front of him, rising above the sound of the rain.*
Narration: *He recognized the sound as the castanets the platoon leader carried as a means to communicate at night, or in poor-visibility conditions where hand signals were impractical.*
Narration: *The number of times he clacked indicated an order to "halt on the spot." The man dropped to one knee in the muddy water, grasped his rifle to his breast, and removed the lens cap from his scope, shielding it from the rain.*
Narration: *"An enemy ambush...?"*
Narration: *Lying flat on the spot, the man pressed his strong eye against the gun's sight. The back of the soldier in front of him came into view. No shots had been fired as of yet.*
Narration: *Earlier reconnaissance had indicated there were barely any enemy troops or armed guerrillas in this area.*
Narration: *If there were enemies here, the odds were that they would be scouts, and most likely a fairly small group.*
Narration: *As the man rested his chin in the muddy water to watch the jungle ahead, he heard the first sounds of gunfire. The enemy wasn't even 30 meters away from his squad. They'd practically bumped into each other.*
Narration: *Six lines of fire from the enemy position. Just as he'd thought, it seemed to be a small scouting group.*
Narration: *Judging from the reckless way they opened fire blindly, they were probably poorly-trained guerrillas who'd panicked after encountering their enemy under these unusual conditions.*
Narration: *Removing his gaze from the scope, the man grasped his weapon and pulled back on the bolt handle; pushing a 7.62 mm bullet into the exposed chamber, he quickly returned his dominant eye to the eyecup of his sight.*
Narration: *The muzzle flashes visible through the scope burned white afterimages onto his pupil, fully dilated after his long walk in the darkness. He couldn't see the enemy. Aiming on intuition, he squeezed the trigger.*
Narration: *A momentary explosion of light from his gun, and he heard an enemy's grunt from the bush some 30 meters away. A hit.*
Narration: *The man took his rifle in both hands and began to crawl on his elbows and knees in search of a new firing position.*
Narration: *After moving about 10 meters to his left, he discovered a convenient foxhole that would serve his purpose nicely.*
Narration: *When he swung his body down into the hole, he found it was half-full of stagnant water, just as he'd expected. But that fact barely registered in his mind.*
Narration: *More importantly, from a position like this he could snipe while hidden for a time. Sunk to the waist in the muddy water, he mechanically pulled back his rifle's bolt and squeezed the trigger. Again and again and again.*
Narration: *All of a sudden, he heard a voice from the next foxhole. Since when had it been occupied?*
Narration: *"Hey, give me a grenade!"*
Narration: *In response, the man took a M67 grenade from the belt slung around his waist and held it out, the safety pin still fixed in place.*
Narration: *A white hand reached out from the nearby trench and received it.*
Narration: *"...Thank you..."*
Narration: *The man was certain he heard those words.*
Narration: *But, no matter how long the man waited, his comrade didn't throw the grenade.*
Narration: *Maybe the safety pin was bent somehow, and he couldn't get it loose?*
Narration: *"Hey, you okay?"*
Narration: *As the man was speaking those words, he started to move his head to look above the edge of his encampment. At that moment, the grenade exploded in the next foxhole.*
Narration: *"...Ghhh!!?"*
Narration: *An explosion at point-blank range isn't something you hear. The overpowering waves of sound aren't recognized by your ears as noise.*
Narration: *A mass of burning air struck the man like a wall, knocking the helmet off his head and thrusting his body backward into the muddy pool.*
Narration: *His mouth, thrown open by the explosion, was instantly filled with filthy water. As the man desperately tried to spit it out, he realized his tongue had been knocked back into his throat. He couldn't breathe.*
Narration: *Quickly thrusting his hands into his mouth, the man peeled his tongue free with his fingers, and powerfully vomited out the water together with the breath that had gathered in his lungs.*
Narration: *"Gueh...!! *Hack*...!! *Cough*...!!"*
Narration: *His throat was burning from inhaling the explosion's scorching wind, and he couldn't stop the tears that were pouring down his face―*
Narration: *His head felt like it'd taken a direct hit from a fastball made of concrete, and his ears were filled with a high-pitched ringing.*
Narration: *"Hey! You all right!? Get it together!"*
Narration: *Curled up in the muddy water with his head in his hands, the man heard the voice of a comrade.*
Narration: *At least his eardrums hadn't shattered. He felt himself being dragged up out of the foxhole by both arms.*
Narration: *"We've got to move! Temporary withdrawal! Can you walk!?"*
Narration: *It took all of the man's effort to nod his head. He couldn't see, his ears were barely functional, and his throat was on fire. He couldn't even speak.*
Narration: *The man began to run his hands across the ground in a panic. His comrade knew what he was looking for. The man felt his rifle pressed back into his hands.*
Narration: *Reassured by the familiar feel of his weapon, the man slung it onto his shoulder. His hands still clutching the ground, he fled that place at a crawl.*
Narration: *Had 30 minutes passed? When the man came to himself, the rain had, ironically enough, finally stopped. His vision had largely recovered. When he looked around, he saw his companions, all just as filthy with mud.*
Narration: *"Hey, Shorty! you still alive...?"*
Narration: *The sniper was still scurrying along the ground when that voice called to him. It belonged to a black man who'd joined the army at the same time as him.*
Narration: *They'd been in the same squad in their training days as well, and the black man was his closest friend in the platoon. His greeting was casual as always.*
Narration: *"...Give me a break..."*
Narration: *The man reshouldered his beloved rifle and told his friend about the hand-grenade accident.*
Narration: *That voice from the next foxhole. The grenade he handed over in response. Moments later, the explosion.*
Narration: *The man angrily spat out the details of his brush with death through another's stupidity. The black man listened in silence. When the story was over, after a brief pause, he finally spoke.*
Narration: *"Huh...? The hell are you talking about, Shorty...?"*
Narration: *The black man said his story was impossible.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, of course it was.*
Narration: *The man was the unit's "birdman." The rear guard. The end of the line.*
Narration: *Usually, the birdman marched 10 to 20 meters behind the squad. There was no way an ally would have been encamped only two or three meters from his position.*
Narration: *Even considering his movements to change his firing position, he couldn't have met anyone until the unit broke into retreat.*
Narration: *"I mean, let's say you're right and some jackass dropped a grenade in his own foxhole. Okay, who was that?"*
Narration: *When the man looked around his surroundings, all eight of the squad's other members were accounted for. A few were lightly wounded, but clearly none of them had been on the receiving end of a grenade blast recently.*
Narration: *So...who the hell did you give that grenade to...?*
Narration: *In response to his friend's words, a shiver ran down the man's spine.*
Narration: *―After rejoining the main force and completing his report, the man told his story to a grizzled veteran.*
Narration: *The sergeant major had an explanation of sorts for him.*
Narration: *"That place is right around the site of an old battle where many Americans died..."*
Narration: *Among them were many wounded who'd been cruelly, slowly butchered by guerrillas with spears and bayonets...*
Narration: *And some who had reached to the grenades on their waist and pulled out the pin, rather than be tortured to death.*
Yuuji: ...So in the end, who had taken the man's grenade? Perhaps a lingering spirit, still clinging to the battlefield even in death...?
Yuuji: ...Or so the story went... what do you think? Get a bit of a chill?
Makina: ...What the heck's wrong wit' you... I peed myself a lil' bit...
Yuuji: Oh... sorry about that. Forget it...
Makina: ...As if I could... I'm gonna cry on the way to the bathroom tonight...
Yuuji: My bad...
Makina: Next time you tell me a story, make it a slightly happier one, ok...?
Yuuji: Huh...? Yeah... got it...
Narration: *Makina throws her empty juice box into a trash can and starts to patter away.*
Narration: *As usual, she leaves as quickly as she arrives.*
Narration: *―But this time, after walking about three meters, Makina stops on the spot and turns back to me.*
Makina: ...Hey, Onii-chan...
Yuuji: Hm? What?
Makina: Do you think there's life after death...?
Yuuji: Life after death... hmm. Can't say for sure since I've never experienced it firsthand. If you believe in it, then maybe there is.
Narration: *In the army, there's a popular story about an afterlife exclusively for soldiers.*
Narration: *It's a story you'll find in the armed forces of pretty much any country. In pretty much identical form.*
Narration: *If you believe an afterlife is waiting for you, it will be... I'm sure it's something like that...*
Makina: ...Gotcha... thanks. Okay, see you later...
Narration: *With those words, she runs off. This time without looking back.*
Yuuji: ...I don't think I said anything particularly interesting, but...
Narration: *Hearing words of thanks naturally lightens my mood anyway.*
Narration: *Drinking up the remaining oolong tea with a gulp, I throw the empty cup in a trash bin and walk off toward our classroom for the sixth period class.*

Narration: *June 7th, 2011, 11:23 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *―There's a sub-species of woman distinguished by an excessive kind of helpfulness: the burning desire to take care of other people's problems.*
Narration: *Within a few days of entering this school, I had a rough idea that Suou Amane fit this "busybody woman" classification―*
Narration: *But I have to admit I wasn't expecting her to extend her meddling to me quite so quickly.*
Narration: *Although I suppose it's inevitable that we'd run into each other a lot since we live in the same dorm, it seems like she's coming up to me at every free moment and playing the big sister―*
Narration: *"You having trouble with anything? If you need any help at all, you just let me know, okay?"*
Narration: *I wish she'd put herself in my shoes. It's not easy having to politely shoot her down every time.*
Amane: Yu-u-ji-kun.♪
Yuuji: ...Not wasting any time, are you...
Narration: *I'm not sure how she got the idea in her head, but lately every time a break begins Amane's been clinging to me from behind―*
Narration: *Then forcefully pressing her oversized lumps of breast-blubber against me, as if to say "Check it out, I'm the big tits character! The way they droop just a little is very popular with the enthusiasts!"*
Yuuji: ...Look, you're heavy. Remove your chest flab from my head.
Amane: Huhhh? What's that's supposed to mean, Yuuji-kun? Do you hate breasts?
Yuuji: On the contrary, I'm something of a fan.
Amane: Then it's all good, just sit back and enjoy it. These tits would drive any red-blooded man wild! Keep acting like that and you'll get a reputation as a homo. You want dirty old men with beards to start hitting on you?
Narration: *I'd prefer that. If a man hits on me, I can hit on him. With my fists.*
Yuuji: What do you want from me? If you have something to say, then spit it out already.
Amane: Hmm? It's nothing in particular. Just wondering if there was anything you didn't follow in that class? Or whatever. Just wanted to play the big sister a bit.
Yuuji: ...Thanks Sis, but I'm a big boy now, so could you pwease get lost?
Amane: Ahaha, you're just shy. That's so cuuute～♪ *Squeeezeee*
Yuuji: ...Stop that. I'm a dainty little thing. I'll break more easily than you'd think.
Amane: Precisely why I'm giving you such a nice gentle hug. Nhehehe.
Narration: *They say a snapping turtle won't release prey from its bite even if lightning strikes nearby. Amane is a similar beast. Once she clings to me, my only release is the sound of the bell.*
Narration: *If this woman kept a pet cat, I'm positive it would go bald from stress within a week.*
Narration: *I'm not confident my own hair will be safe if I allow these assaults to continue. I think it's about time I get my message across, even if it requires taking a somewhat harsh attitude.*
Yuuji: ...Amane, that's about enou...
Narration: *―Just as I begin to shout, Sakaki appears with spectacular timing.*
Yumiko: Suou-san, do you have a moment?
Amane: Aye!
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Yumiko grimaces at Amane's response. Her glare is expressive. "Aye? Who are you supposed to be?"*
Yumiko: ...Well, all right then... you're supposed to prepare the projector for the upcoming geography class, remember?
Amane: Oh, you're right! I'm on day duty with Makina today!
Yumiko: Irisu-san started preparing by herself. Do you not plan to help?
Amane: Sorry, Yuuji-kun. I've gotta go!
Yuuji: Don't mind me.
Yumiko: I think you should hurry, before Irisu-san breaks something again.
Amane: Maaakinaa! Waaait! Don't break ittt!!
Yuuji: ...She finally released me. What a noisy woman.
Yumiko: She's purposefully making a fuss. Is she that afraid of people realizing she's depressive?
Yuuji: What do you mean?
Yumiko: Exactly what I said. Even so, I find this preferable to the old Suou-san's incredibly timid behavior, so I've already accepted it as the lesser of two evils.
Yuuji: ...You make it sound like you're familiar with her past. Have you known Amane that long?
Yumiko: I suppose so, if you consider a year or so a long time.
Yuuji: So Amane wasn't always like this?
Yumiko: What? You want to know more about her?
Yuuji: I just don't understand the woman. Why does she drape herself all over me like that?
Yumiko: There's no way I would know that. How about asking her?
Yuuji: I did...
Narration: *Just the other day, having stocked up on necessities for my new dorm life at the local supermarket, I was wandering leisurely around the area in front of the station.*
Amane: ...Huh? It's Yuu-chan. Whatcha doing here?
Yuuji: Don't call me that.
Amane: Hm? Why? It's cute.
Yuuji: Spare me. I can't get any cuter than I already am. All the other girls will get jealous and start picking on me.
Amane: ...Hehe... that tongue of yours... anyone ever tell you it reminds them of someone?
Yuuji: Like who?
Amane: Who knows? More importantly, what's up? Shopping?
Narration: *Amane pointed at the plastic supermarket bag dangling from my hand.*
Amane: ...Hmmmm... Box of tissues, a pack of batteries, salad dressing and mayonnaise... also instant curry and dental floss... and some bean sprouts...
Yuuji: Look, you, don't just start rifling through my bag.
Amane: If you're buying curry, Shoei by the north exit is cheaper than Sanyo by the south exit, you know? Shoei sells bean sprouts at 29 yen a bag, too.
Yuuji: ...You're as knowledgeable as always... do you wander around comparing prices all day long?
Amane: It's not like I check every day. I just pay attention when I go shopping, I guess?
Narration: *Hrm... she's got an impressive devotion to economizing. I felt definite admiration, since my master was the sort of wild woman who bought things without even looking at the price tag.*
Amane: Let's see, get milk, eggs, and vegetables from Shoei, fish, meat, and toilet paper from Sanyo. Try to remember that.
Yuuji: Well, I'm not that caught up on the price. I appreciate the thought, but I just want a store that's convenient.
Narration: *It's all well and good to wander around looking for bargains, but when you consider the increased effort and consumption of time involved, getting too picky frequently turns into a loss.*
Amane: Hmm... well, I guess that's how guys are.
Yuuji: That's right. I'll be going...
Amane: Hm? You heading back?
Yuuji: Yeah, I did finish my shopping.
Amane: Then let's walk back together.
Narration: *As soon as the words left her mouth, Amane was standing by my side, firmly grasping my hand.*
Yuuji: ...What do you think you're doing?
Amane: Hmm? What are you talking about?
Yuuji: This, of course.
Narration: *In demonstration, I raised the hand that Amane had gripped - or rather captured, her fingers entwined tightly with mine.*
Yuuji: What am I? A kid who won't go home unless Mama pulls him there? I've got to admit I don't remember acting quite that adorably, so I'm very interested in where you're coming from here.
Amane: ...Uhhhhhm.
Narration: *Still gripping my right hand tightly, Amane raised the forefinger of her other hand against her lip and wracked her brains for an answer.*
Amane: Kind-big-sis-walking-home-hand-in-hand-with-her-brother roleplaying?
Yuuji: Oh, is that it? If it's roleplaying then I guess I have to play along! Hah hah hah hah!
Amane: Ah hah hah hah!
Yuuji: ...Did you really think I'd say that!? Off!
Narration: *I forcefully yanked my arm free, shaking off Amane's grip.*
Amane: ...Ahn... Geez... do you hate it that much?
Yuuji: If you think that puppy dog face will make me act nicer out of guilt, you're very wrong. Don't flirt in public! That's a rule of mine.
Amane: So it's okay when we're alone?
Yuuji: Stop twisting my words. The point is, I can't think of a single reason why I should hold hands with you.
Amane: ...Because I want to hold hands... isn't good enough?
Yuuji: It's not an answer to the question "why" you want to hold hands.
Amane: ...The truth is, because of a traumatic accident in my past, I feel real uneasy unless I'm holding hands with someone...
Yuuji: Hmm...
Narration: *Some kind of... obsessive-compulsive disorder...?*
Yuuji: ...What sort of accident was it?
Amane: That's a seeeecret.♪
Yuuji: ...The hell?
Amane: Haha, don't get mad, I'm just joking.
Narration: *As she spoke, Amane took my hand for the second time.*
Yuuji: Joking...? When did the joke start? Ugh, this is irritating... take the left at least. I can't calm down when someone's got a hold on my dominant hand.
Amane: Look, it's not like there has to be some big reason for us to hold hands. It's just, you know, we ended up being classmates and all, so let's be friends. That's all I was thinking.
Yuuji: Why get friendly with me?
Amane: Do I need a reason? When you were a kid or whatever, did you go around picking your friends by some calculation of loss or gain?
Yuuji: ...Hard to say, didn't have any.
Amane: Then let's reverse your question. Why don't you want to "get friendly" with me?
Yuuji: I wouldn't say I don't... I just want to understand your motive.
Amane: Then it's all good. Let's be friends.
Yuuji: ...You're a weird one...
Amane: I'm pretty sure there isn't a single normal kid at our school, you know...
Yuuji: ...I'm going back.
Amane: Yeah, let's.
Narration: *Having moved to my left as I requested, Amane didn't mess around any further. On our way back, she calmly acted her age.*
Narration: *Holding hands really did seem to be enough to satisfy her.*
Narration: *Doubts did run through my head. "Considering it's only been a day since we met, she's bizarrely friendly." But still, as she is a member of our class full of "special cases"―*
Narration: *Despite her relatively normal facade, Amane must have her own unhappy circumstances. This "hand holding" may well have some meaning for her...*
Yumiko: ...So?
Yumiko: Out of consideration for her past, you found yourself unable to flatly refuse her demands for physical contact, and that toleration gave rise to this flagrantly over-the-top fondling... right?
Yuuji: We'll make a detective of you yet.
Yumiko: You're quite full of yourself...
Yuuji: Sakaki, what sort of "accident" was Amane involved in?
Yumiko: ...I don't know...
Yuuji: If it's not something you can talk about, I'll leave it alone.
Yumiko: That's not it. I really don't know, and I don't particularly want to know, either... Although I have heard that the incident involved a motor vehicle accident.
Yuuji: A car crash...?
Yumiko: Apparently, a bus she was riding was in a serious accident, which gave rise to mental illness... or something along those lines...
Yumiko: My information is admittedly limited, but I certainly didn't hear anything about a pathological need to hold hands.
Yuuji: Then why was she so persistent about it?
Yumiko: I'm telling you, I don't know. Her eyesight is bad, maybe that's the cause?
Yuuji: Does bad eyesight make you want to hold hands?
Yumiko: Who knows? Babies with undeveloped eyesight calm down by confirming the shape and warmth of things in their mouth. Maybe physical contact is reassuring when you can't see well.
Yuuji: ...A plausible theory, but I'm having a hard time buying it in her case. In the first place, are her eyes that terrible?
Yumiko: I don't know. I think I mentioned this, but I'm not interested.
Yuuji: I'm wasting my breath talking to you.
Yumiko: What a coincidence. I was just about to mention how incredibly tedious I find speaking with you.
Narration: *Hmph, guess we're done here... or we would be, if I hadn't just spotted Komine Sachi out of the corner of my eye.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi, you have a minute?
Sachi: Yes, what can I do for you?
Yuuji: Do you know anything in particular about Amane's past?
Sachi: ...No, I can't say I'm familiar with the details...
Yuuji: Hrm... so in other words... nobody knows the whole story?
Yumiko: It's not the sort of topic we feel comfortable asking about. And if she recovered emotionally to a point where she'd proactively share the story of her misfortune, she wouldn't be stuck in a place like this.
Yuuji: ...True enough...
Narration: *As long as the person in question doesn't want to discuss it, I suppose I shouldn't pry any further...*
Yuuji: ...And in the first place, I'm a little dubious that Amane's past really has anything to do with holding my hand...
Sachi: Let's see... did you perhaps do something to gain her affection, prompting an unconscious desire to hold your hand?
Yuuji: Hrm, that's taking things in a new direction... specifically, what do you think I did?
Sachi: ...Uhm... let's see... for example, maybe you rescued Amane-san when she was surrounded by a gang of hooligans...?
Yumiko: On a rainy day, she spotted you silently leaving your umbrella over an abandoned kitten in a cardboard box... hahaha...
Yuuji: What's so funny? Well, whatever. Neither rings a bell. I have no memories of us being lovers in a previous life, either.
Yumiko: A nasty memory like that would best be forgotten anyway...
Sachi: It is quite the event that a boy finally transferred into this school. Maybe she wanted to sort of "try out" the experience of dating now that she has the chance...?
Yuuji: You think so? Hmm... Incidentally, Sachi, does that mean you've got an interest in holding hands and going on a date with me as well?
Sachi: ...Well...
Sachi: ...I'm not opposed to holding hands itself... uhm, if you strongly ordered me "Hold hands with me, we're going on a date," I'm fairly sure I wouldn't refuse...
Yuuji: Hrm, I see. Thank you for your valuable opinion. I'll file it under "not helpful in the slightest."
Yuuji: How about you, Sakaki?
Yumiko: Me? Holding hands? On a date? With you?
Yuuji: Right. Got any interest?
Yumiko: ...This is a problem. I'm not sure how to answer without hurting you...
Yuuji: ...I get the picture. Thanks so much for your compassion!
Narration: *...So in the end, asking around didn't get me anything resembling a clear answer...*
Narration: *From what Sakaki says, it doesn't seem like Amane wants to hold hands indiscriminately... the mystery's only deepened...*
Amane: You all right there, Makina? This door is narrow, don't bump against it.
Makina: Yeah, I got it!
Amane: ...And literally two seconds later, you do it anyway...
Makina: ...Uuu, I'm that sort of lifeform.
Narration: *Just at that moment, Amane enters the classroom pulling Makina by the hand, oblivious to our gossiping.*
Narration: *I point my thumb toward the pair and their connected hands.*
Yuuji: ...You said Amane doesn't have a habit of holding hands, right?
Yumiko: Well, Irisu-san is a special case. If you don't keep a grip on her, she'll wander off to god knows where...
Narration: *Sakaki watches Amane and Makina as she speaks. Suddenly she claps her hands together as if struck by a burst of insight.*
Yumiko: ...Perhaps she's put you in the same category as that girl?
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Narration: *Wait, what? I've been put in the same category? With this girl who looks about twelve, and seems likely to get lost tottering after a butterfly?*
Narration: *What a seriously unpleasant thought.*
Yumiko: Suou-san's the helpful type. You know... this might sound a little bad, but perhaps she loves hopeless men...?
Yuuji: ...I appreciate that you're probably trying to help, but that's basically an indirect way of saying "you look like a hopeless man."
Yumiko: ...? Yes, that's exactly what I meant to imply.
Yuuji: Sakaki... could you please stop rubbing salt in the wound without even realizing it? It kind of stings.
Yumiko: My, that's unexpected... I was trying to be as generous as possible, too...
Yuuji: Mind answering one last question for me?
Yumiko: What is it?
Yuuji: ...Is there even a single normal person in this school?
Yumiko: I thought I told you already? If they were normal, they wouldn't be here... and that goes for you as well.
Yuuji: ...True enough...
Narration: *Don't think you've got some special variety of unhappiness.*
Narration: *Sensing the admonition underneath Sakaki's words, I feel the stirrings of something like shame.*
Narration: *Whether it's "normal" or not, this student life isn't bad in its own way.*
Narration: *I've started to like this place enough to reach that conclusion.*

Narration: *June 7th, 2011, 14:07 - Mihama Academy - Hallway*
Narration: *―A hobby is a window that gives you a fresh perspective on the world. Or so my sister said.*
Narration: *But when I was a kid, struggling through my daily life was about all I could handle. I disliked and avoided change, even when it might have brought me something new.*
Narration: *So my sister's recommendation was to at least try reading books.*
Narration: *That sister of mine was an unbelievably voracious bookworm herself, and she began to push the ones she finished on me. I soon picked up a reading habit, although I didn't find any particular meaning in it at the time.*
Narration: *My sister is dead now, as are my parents and my master, yet I'm still reading.*
Narration: *The sister who taught me to read books, the parents who weren't angry at me when I was reading books... and the master who praised me for reading books, buying me as many as I wanted.*
Narration: *I'm grateful to them now, since I've found some meaning in the act of reading.*
Yumiko: ...Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: Hm?
Yumiko: Do you have a moment?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *I turn around in response to Yumiko's greeting, and find her carrying a sizable load of paperback and hardcover books.*
Yumiko: I brought some books that I've finished reading... Interested...?
Yuuji: Sure. Appreciate it, as always.
Yumiko: It's fine. It's convenient for me to have you take them off my hands.
Narration: *As anyone with a long-term reading habit is well aware, books pile up before you know it.*
Narration: *That said, it's hard to just throw them away, and selling them to a used bookstore feels disrespectful to the author. The ideal is to find another avid reader to dump them on.*
Narration: *Incidentally, before I came Sakaki had apparently been pushing the books she finished onto the library. By now she's established her own private shelf in there, full of pleasure reads.*
Narration: *Most likely she spotted me by coincidence as she was carrying her books there, and figured she could save herself the walk.*
Yuuji: Heavy, right? Here.
Narration: *I slide my hands under the books Sakaki is carrying.*
Yumiko: Hey...!
Yuuji: Watch it. Don't take your hands off yet, the books are going to fall.
Yumiko: Y-Your hand seems to be touching mine...
Yuuji: Of course it is. Don't worry, my hygienic standards are higher than you might expect.
Yumiko: That's not what I... Geez...
Yuuji: You complain too much. Alright, I've got a hold on them. You can let go.
Yumiko: ...You're pretty insensitive. Did you know that?
Yuuji: That so? Anyway, I'll gratefully read the books. When I finish one I'll return it to the Sakaki collection, so if you want to reread any of them they'll be in the library.
Yumiko: Fine... well then, I'll be leaving.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *I take a quick look at the titles of the books I'm holding.*
Narration: *Souhei Akai "The Decisive Pudding Battle" Kumabata Takeru "Yesterday's Black Cat" Hirao Atsuko "The Exit of the Desert"*
Narration: *Senou Takumi "Professor Takeda's Dinner" Ethan Crow "An Insolent Woman" Shinonome Kadzuma "You Blew it, Omori!"*
Narration: *Although she reads quite a variety of genres and authors, it seems that Sakaki fundamentally likes whodunits. Of the six books she passed me, four are mysteries.  *
Narration: *Come to think of it, I could easily see Sakaki sitting at a detective's desk, using her brains for a living.*
Narration: *Flipping open one of the books, I speak toward the shadow of a nearby pillar.*
Yuuji: ...Makina, how long do you plan on hiding there?
Makina: ...Guh!!?
Yuuji: I'm not mad or anything. How about you come out?
Makina: ...How'dya know it was me?
Yuuji: Your aura is too crude. I can sense you even when you're hidden.
Makina: That's news ta me...
Yuuji: I just said that for the hell of it. You were casting a shadow on the floor. I could tell it was you from the height and that shaggy head.
Makina: So my stealth was th' "crude" part?
Yuuji: Pretty much. Why were you hiding in the first place?
Makina: I wasn't really hidin'. Just keeping quiet 'till you and Yumi-chan finished talking.
Yuuji: ...You don't get along with Sakaki?
Makina: I'm ok with her, ya know? But... I don't think Yumi-chan likes me much.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *On the other hand, I'm pretty sure Sakaki said something like "I think Irisu-san avoids me on purpose"...*
Yuuji: ...You're in a state of mutual wariness... Well, I suppose that does happen sometimes...
Narration: *Sakaki, a guarded person who doesn't reveal her thoughts easily, and Makina, who feels most secure when she's burrowed her way into someone's heart... their personal comfort zones may be incompatible.*
Narration: *Well, it's foolish to expect everyone to get along. A long time ago, I knew a guy who hated black people with a passion, and nothing anyone said could get him to change his mind.*
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko and Irisu Makina. There's no need to forcibly push them together, but in their case maybe a mutual compromise is called for...*
Yuuji: I don't think Sakaki dislikes you, Makina. So try not to hate her yourself.
Makina: Like I said, I'm okay with her. It's just... um... I dunno what to talk about with her...
Yuuji: I see...
Makina: Lemme ask you instead - how the heck did you get so friendly with that cranky Yumi-chan?
Yuuji: Well, it's not like we're particularly close, but... we have a common interest in books, so I guess that helped get things started.
Narration: *Of course, I get the idea Sakaki mostly views me as little more than a convenient book disposal.*
Narration: *After all, it's hard to say you're "friendly" with someone who scowls so bluntly just because your hands touch.*
Yuuji: Makina, do you have any hobbies?
Makina: ...Hobbies...? Hmm... I guess walking, maybe...?
Yuuji: Solo?
Makina: Yeah, mostly by myself.
Yuuji: That's not good...
Makina: Why not? Doesn't playin' by yourself sound kinda lewd? It's all good, yeah?
Yuuji: No. Also, no.
Makina: Huhhh?
Narration: *At the company I work at, solitary hobbies are fundamentally discouraged. They place a lot of stress on keeping up some form of communication with others.*
Narration: *When it comes to the interests of the employees, the basics are alcohol, women, and gambling, but it's a bit difficult to own up to that in front of the boss.*
Narration: *Therefore, when asked, some of them just came up with a safe-sounding, conventional hobby like Shogi or Go.*
Narration: *When the superiors reacted favorably to those answers, the end result was that the "hobbies" column in the employee survey data recorded an overwhelming number of "Shogi buffs."*
Narration: *Although going with the flow is pretty much the defining Japanese characteristic, it's still something of a pathetic story.*
Yuuji: ...Well... having given them a nice safe hobby like "reading" myself, I guess I can't really say too much.
Makina: ...Hm?
Yuuji: Nothing, just talking to myself...
Narration: *...Incidentally, once you're the one giving the surveys out... in other words, an "executive" type, the hobby of choice would be "gardening." Not something you can do when you're living out of a barracks.*
Makina: ...Are hobbies that important?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's better to have some interests than not. Even if they're really worthless.
Narration: *For example, the aforementioned "employees" and their wine, women, and song.*
Narration: *Even then, if they can help you find a single common interest with someone, your hobbies are worthwhile as social lubricant. Even if they're worthless in every other respect.*
Yuuji: ...This is something I heard second-hand from a senior employee at my job, but sometimes you get cases like this...
Narration: *―This is a story about a man who took a business trip to Gifu Prefecture. It was a group expedition, with the purpose of field-testing new equipment that had just been deployed throughout his company.*
Narration: *At the time the man in question was a new employee, not even out of his training period. Nonetheless, he found himself taking a long, bumpy ride into the mountains on a company bus, accompanied by the chief of his "special" department.*
Narration: *The man didn't have the first clue why he had been selected for the trip, let alone what he'd be expected to do on it. To make matters worse, he was sitting next to a powerful superior he barely knew.*
Narration: *In short, the man was about ready to vomit from sheer terror and anxiety. He fought desperately to keep calm, but his face was pale as a sheet.*
Narration: *The bus finally reached its destination at the foot of Mount Kinka in Gifu after many unpleasant hours. But the man's relief was temporary, as his boss informed him they would be attending a large banquet in a high-class inn that night.*
Narration: *Corporate "banquets" are basically a cruel kind of talent show. New employees were expected to perform some skill for the amusement of the gathered VIPs.*
Narration: *The newbies from each department mounted the stage one after the other. Quite a few croaked out popular karaoke ballads with stiff faces, but there were also some pretty competent juggling acts―*
Narration: *Even one stand-up comedy duo, which got some laughs doing imitations of superiors.*
Narration: *The man watched the other acts with a fluttering heart. His turn was approaching fast, but...*
Narration: *He was basically a walking, breathing lump of artistic incompetence, an asocial type without a single "talent" worth performing in front of others.*
Narration: *Just as he was wondering whether he could escape by pretending a sudden illness, the man was practically kicked out onto the stage by the senior employees. For lack of a better thought, he started to sing.*
Narration: *But the man didn't know any popular songs. Worse, he couldn't remember any of the standard folk songs or children's music that might have worked in a pinch.*
Narration: *The man went instead with the theme song from a superhero TV show, "Lightspeed General Daimakaroff," which he'd loved as a kid. By this point, he couldn't help but feel a growing sense of despair.*
Narration: *This was, of course, the man's first time singing in public, and he didn't have much of a voice. Within moments he was showered in jeers from the audience.*
Narration: *"The hell are you singing!? What's with you!?"*
Narration: *"Hey asshole, are you just making that up on the spot?"*
Narration: *"That's enough! Get off the stage! You suck!"*
Narration: *Although he wasn't the type to break down in tears, the man felt a deep urge to dig himself a hole and crawl into it. Only sheer stubbornness carried him through to the last humiliating note.*
Narration: *When it was over, the man quickly bowed from the stage and raced back to his seat.*
Yuuji: ...On that walk back from the stage, the man had a thought. "I wish I'd learned a popular song or two..."
Makina: ...Uhm, so... if he'd been singin' karaoke as a hobby, he wouldn'ta gotten embarrassed...?
Yuuji: Mm, well, if you look at it that way you're right. But the story isn't over yet...
Narration: *With the equipment test wrapped up, the man had returned to his new assignment at a branch office in Shizuoka. Someone called out to him as he was dealing with the transfer paperwork.*
Narration: *"So you were the newbie who sang 'Daimakaroff' at the banquet in Gifu?"*
Narration: *The man's breath caught in his throat.*
Narration: *He'd figured out by now that the main job of his superiors was to flaunt their authority by picking at the smallest mistakes - and then rubbing his nose in them.*
Narration: *And the manager speaking to him was infamous for his zealous "leadership" of his underlings. Frankly, the man was about ready to piss his pants.*
Narration: *He swallowed and chewed his lip, bitter thoughts running through his head. What's he going to blame on me? How long will I have to grovel? But the manager's words took him by surprise.*
Narration: *"I loved that show when I was a kid!"*
Narration: *The man blinked, dumbfounded by this unexpected development. "You from Hiroshima, kid?"*
Narration: *According to the manager, "Daimakaroff" reruns were played relentlessly every weekday afternoon on the local station. Practically every child in Hiroshima grew up watching the show.*
Narration: *But the man wasn't a Hiroshima native―*
Narration: *In the area he lived in as a child, the "children's encore theater" program would broadcast old episodes of the show every summer. He'd just happened to see a few.  *
Narration: *Even so, the manager must have been really pleased to find a fellow "Daimakaroff" fan, as he began to pull a few strings to the man's benefit.*
Narration: *One night after work, the man returned to his bed in the company dorm to find that a white plastic bag had been tucked underneath the sheets on his neatly made bed.*
Narration: *He didn't remember putting it there himself, and when he asked around, nobody else had any idea where it had come from. The bag contained a huge jelly roll and a cup of instant ramen.*
Narration: *As a new employee, the man had to eat dinner at a set time of 5 PM. By 10 PM, lights-out time at the dorm, all of the trainees would be starving.*
Narration: *This "supplemental meal" was therefore a very considerate present. The man had an idea who was responsible. Most likely, his Daimakaroff buddy at the top was the only one who could have pulled it off.*
Narration: *On top of the early dinnertime, learning the ropes as a trainee is particularly tiring. His Daimakaroff buddy had probably figured he'd have a hard time getting his young body to fall asleep on an empty stomach.*
Narration: *The man actually didn't have a particularly big appetite, and wasn't the type to be troubled by irregular meals―*
Narration: *But then again, as a new employee he didn't have much money he could spend freely on snacks and such. A little sugar was extremely welcome.*
Narration: *"If I get caught, they'll get punished too..."*
Narration: *So the man split the smuggled food with the other trainees in his room, and they all devoured their shares greedily.*
Narration: *As the presents from his Daimakaroff buddy (At the time, they were known as the "Daimakaroff supply drop") continued―*
Narration: *That talentless, quiet, and hobbyless triple-threat contender for the asocial crown suddenly found himself getting along with the group in the dorm, all thanks to the Daimakaroff connection.*
Narration: *And three months later, when the man's training period came to end, it was once again his Daimakaroff buddy whose recommendation got him assigned to the Chiba branch office he'd hoped for.*
Yuuji: ...In other words, when it comes to hobbies and interests, anything is fine.
Yuuji: Finding friends you can talk about some common interest with is a really valuable thing. Sometimes something that small can be the trigger for gaining a huge leg up in life... That's the moral of the story.
Makina: Ooh... I don' really get it, but Daimakaroff kinda sounds like "da macaroon." I'm hungry.
Yuuji: ...I thought this was a pretty meaningful story... I guess it didn't quite get across...
Makina: Uhhm, basically, you're saying I should try stuff out an' expand my interests, insteada playin' dolls or wanderin' around by myself all the time?
Yuuji: ...Well, more or less... when you're young, you should mess around with all sorts of things. Just try to find something that grabs you, even if it's stupid crap.
Makina: How about you, Onii-chan? Anythin' got a hold on you right now?
Yuuji: ...After all that spacing out, that's a pretty sharp question...
Narration: *I glance down toward the pile of borrowed books I'm holding in my hands.*
Yuuji: I suppose... right now, I don't have anything other than reading that qualifies...
Makina: I wanna jelly roll!
Yuuji: You aren't really listening to a word I say, are you? Well, not to say that you need to...
Makina: But the word "jelly roll" in th' story just now got me jonesin' something fierce. Oh, and the macaroon man too.
Yuuji: ...Go get Amane to make something...
Makina: An excellen' suggestion! Onii-chan, come to Ama-nee's room later, okay? Let's have snacks together!
Yuuji: Yeah... if I'm in the mood.
Makina: Mkay then! See ya!
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *I learned my own lesson from this conversation.*
Narration: *"If there's a mention of food in the middle of a story, Makina won't remember another word."*
Narration: *...I'll have to be more careful next time.*

Narration: *June 7th, 2011, 19:10 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *―During my "middle school" days in America, I got a number of strange nicknames from my classmates.*
Narration: *Mainly because none of them could be bothered to remember a Japanese name.*
Narration: *On the predictable side, there was "Jap" and "Shorty." My family name Kazami got abbreviated to "KZ" as well.*
Narration: *However, among my numerous nicknames, the only one that stuck through basic training was "Gar."*
Narration: *Short for "Garbage Eater."*
Narration: *It's not that I had a reputation for dumpster-diving. It was a reference to my tolerance for shitty food.*
Narration: *As to how I earned it, the story is very simple. The KP made us slop unfit for pigs, and I ate it without grimacing.*
Narration: *Freeze-dried scrambled eggs, pork and beans made from scraps of ham, bread with peanut butter, and ridiculously stringy mystery meat were the staples.*
Narration: *Every one of them had a weird chemical aftertaste, and they were all disgusting. Rumor had it that the secret sauce was gasoline.*
Narration: *As for the chocolate cake we got for dessert, it was more commonly - and accurately - described as a "desert."  *
Narration: *That cake was legendary for being inedible. No matter how starved you were, it would end up stuck in your throat as a dry lump. But I ate it, and all the rest, without complaining.*
Narration: *Probably because I was living rough from a young age, I've never been what you'd call a picky eater.*
Narration: *To put it simply, as long as my belly was full and my body was getting what it needed, the taste wasn't a concern.*
Narration: *So even those three torturous meals a day didn't inspire any serious complaints from me. But the people around me must have thought I was some sort of freak...*
Narration: *And after a while, my nickname became "Garbage Eater," then eventually just "Gar."*
Narration: *"Hey, Gar! Just how shitty a cook was your mom?"*
Narration: *I had a set response to this one.*
Narration: *"My mom didn't cook much. She was too busy screwing your dad's brains out."*
Narration: *As far as my jokes go, I thought it was kind of witty, but that line didn't get that many laughs. I guess my delivery was a bit too stony.*
Yuuji: Well then, what should I do for dinner...?
Narration: *I don't particularly feel a desire to eat, but if you don't take meals at three regular times a day it throws off your body's clock and leaves you more susceptible to fatigue.*
Narration: *To tell the truth, I view meals as nothing more than an element of maintaining my physical condition. As long as I'm getting sufficient nourishment I'm not that caught up on when or what I eat.*
Narration: *When I spend any effort considering things like that, all I end up thinking about is how much of a pain in the ass it's going to be to make something―*
Narration: *And eventually, the act of eating itself starts to feel like a nuisance. My normal pattern is to just throw something together from my supply of canned and dried food.*
Amane: Yuuuuji-kun, you around?
Amane: ...Huh, you were here after all.
Yuuji: Well, this is my room.
Narration: *Amane barges in like she owns the place, no longer even bothering to knock. But I'm already getting used to it, I guess...*
Narration: *Probably because I've experienced a lot of emergency summons, it didn't get to me that much in the first place.*
Amane: I told you to come to my room at seven for dinner, you know? Why didn't you show up? You kept Makina and me waiting in front of the food.
Narration: *As she speaks, I notice that Amane's holding a plate piled with crab legs in her hands.*
Amane: Didn't I say you should come help us eat the crabs I got from home?
Narration: *I do recall such an event. I also recall responding "If I'm in the mood," not that I'd definitely be there.*
Yuuji: Yes, but I said that you and Makina should go ahead and eat if I didn't show up on time.
Amane: What? Do you hate crab or something?
Yuuji: Not really...
Amane: I know, "it's too much of a pain to peel off the shell," right? Makina says the same thing. Not that she won't gobble them down if I do it for her.
Amane: Of course, after I cracked it all open for her, she started yelling about her "new invention, th' crab-croissant" and wrapping it in pieces of bread...
Amane: The girl just doesn't understand the value of things. After all that she finishes off by telling me "fish paste's yummier." So rude.
Yuuji: Probably just means that Makina places more importance on how easy it is to eat. Honestly, I think I'd go for crab paste over crab myself.
Amane: What the heck. You children disappoint me. There's lots of boys and girls in this world who can't eat even if they want to, you know?
Yuuji: Hrm, that's certainly true.
Amane: If you understand, then stop complaining and eat up. I'll peel it for you.
Yuuji: Look, I wasn't really complaining, and I can take care of the shell on my own...
Amane: In the first place, just what were you going to eat if I didn't show up...?
Amane: Oh, you cooked some rice? ...Uh, how long ago? It's all stiff...
Yuuji: ...Ah, hey! Hands off...!
Narration: *Amane's wandered off into my kitchen and is examining things as she pleases. After confirming the contents of my mess kit cooker, she opens the door to my refrigerator and starts taking stock of my supplies.*
Amane: ...Uhm, half-empty canned food, fish sticks and mayonnaise, lettuce and spinach... Hm? What's this thing? Canned pickled radish?
Amane: Where the heck did you even buy this? More importantly, how long has it been open...?
Yuuji: I opened it at lunch. Get off my back...
Narration: *Why is it that this feels strangely embarrassing? It's not like I have anything troublesome in the fridge...*
Narration: *In the first place, where does she get off calling canned radish "this thing?" It's well known among canned food connoisseurs as "almost decent" and "pretty much edible!"*
Narration: *Is this woman looking down on the brave men and women who have gained courage from canned food throughout the years?*
Narration: *―As I silently burn with righteous indignation, Amane brazenly starts running tap water into my rice cooker.*
Yuuji: Ah! Hey! What do you think you're doing?
Amane: Huh? The rice is all hard, so I'm giving it some moisture.
Yuuji: I don't care if it's hard...
Narration: *Probably because I'm used to eating canned stuff that comes out arid and stiff as a wax candle, I'm pretty tolerant of tough food.*
Amane: ...Uhm... eggs, eggs... hm... you've only got two, mind if I use them both?
Yuuji: I don't care, but... what are you planning?
Amane: I'm going to make you crab fried rice. You just sit there and be patient.
Yuuji: ...Hmph...
Narration: *Well, I suppose pretty much anyone can handle fried rice. Especially for a woman, the somewhat prejudiced assumption is that you'll have a basic skill like that.*
Narration: *Fact is, out of all the women I've met so far, the only one who couldn't make edible fried rice was my master.*
Amane: Hmhm, hmhm～m♪
Narration: *Still, I can't quite hide a certain anxiety. Not that Amane is paying any attention, humming to herself as she cracks open the eggs.*
Narration: *After shaking salt and pepper onto the eggs, she mixes in the lightly rinsed rice, then adds bits of crab meat (only about half of what she brought) and finely chopped radish.*
Narration: *She heats a frying pan coated with mayonnaise rather than oil, adds the lettuce and spinach she plundered from my fridge, and throws in the rice mixture according to her own timing.*
Narration: *Sticking the back of her ladle into the mix, she vigorously clatters it around the frying pan, messily stir-frying the food.*
Narration: *When Amane decides it's done, she uses the bowl as a mold to form the fried rice into a perfect hemisphere, then tosses it onto the plate. This wouldn't look out of place in a Chinese restaurant.*
Amane: And the finishing touch...
Narration: *Dressing the leftover crab meat with mustard and mayo, she drops it with a thud on top of the heap of fried rice on the plate.*
Amane: Okayyy, sorry to keep you waiting～♪
Narration: *So she says, but it hasn't even been ten minutes since Amane started to cook.*
Narration: *The imposing pile of steaming fried rice on my plate looks pretty damn impressive for something cobbled together out of leftovers, and in such a short time.*
Amane: ...By the way... don't you have a bigger table or something? You don't seem to have many plates either. Should I bring a few next time?
Yuuji: Not necessary. I've got what I need.
Narration: *The table is a small coffee table for one that Sachi dragged out of some storeroom as a "stopgap measure"―*
Narration: *And the frying pan and what tableware I have are things I picked out carelessly at local 100 yen and hardware stores, but since I'm living alone it's all perfectly adequate.*
Yuuji: No point in getting more dishes when I'm only eating off one. Just means more things to wash.
Amane: True... I guess you don't seem to be backed up on the dishes, at least...
Narration: *Noticing something as she speaks, Amane returns to the kitchen and starts to rustle through a plastic bag in the corner.*
Amane: ...Is this garbage? Can I throw it out?
Yuuji: Hm? Yeah...
Narration: *I've been throwing my empty oolong tea bottles in that bag, and before I knew it I had something of a pile. But I was uncertain about the timing to throw them out.*
Amane: Tomorrow's recycling day, so I'll take it out with mine.
Narration: *With well-practiced movements, she peels off the labels, removes the caps, and skillfully cuts off their plastic rings with the tip of a kitchen knife. Finally, she lightly rinses the bottles themselves with tap water.*
Narration: *Judging from the smooth motion of her hands, she's repeated this often enough to gain the mastery of an assembly-line worker. Clearly she's something of an eco-friendly woman.*
Amane: Okay, I'm going back to my room. When you're done, make sure to soak the plate in the sink, okay? I'll come wash it later.
Yuuji: No, I can take care of that much myself. Sorry for the hassle.
Amane: Not a problem. I need to show off my talents in this department, or you'll get the idea I'm just a horny big sister roleplayer.
Narration: *With a quick goodbye, Amane heads out of the room, not waiting for my impressions of the crab fried rice.*
Narration: *I had the idea that a busybody woman like her would be more likely to hang over my shoulder pestering me for compliments, but...*
Narration: *She just popped in all of a sudden, cooked for me in a flash, and then left just as quickly. It might be the influence of dealing with that whimsical Makina all the time.*
Yuuji: ...Let's eat...
Narration: *Unfortunately, I don't have a Chinese spoon in this room, so I'll have to make do with the standard western variety. I jab my spoon into the mountain of steaming fried rice and quickly throw some into my mouth.*
Yuuji: ...Hrm... not bad at all...
Narration: *Even someone as disinterested in food as me can tell when something tastes good.*
Narration: *The salt seasoning feels a bit thin, but this is probably how it should be if you're thinking about healthy sodium intake.*
Narration: *Although it would be insulting to compare this to the crap my master made, it's also different from the stuff you'd get at a high-priced Chinese restaurant. It tastes like your standard fried rice.*
Yuuji: ...What's with this flavor...?
Narration: *When I was living alone with my mother as a child, I remember eating fried rice that tasted like this.*
Narration: *After finishing her day job, my mother would make me dinner before her night shift started. In the last week of the month before her paychecks came in, it would often be a pretty plain meal of fried rice.*
Narration: *When all she could put on the table was fried rice with a bit of pink fish-paste added, she would apologize as I ate... "I'm sorry, this is all we've got."*
Narration: *Unlike the fried rice Amane just made, there was never anything extravagant like crab thrown in. And Amane's cooking skills seem to be better as well.*
Narration: *So why is it that they taste similar...?*
Narration: *Where's this slight melancholy coming from...?*
Yuuji: ...Well, it doesn't matter as long as it's good...
Narration: *When I was a kid, anything I ate tasted good.*
Narration: *That part of me hasn't changed too much.*

Narration: *June 8th, 2011, 07:00 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *It's very dangerous to jump to conclusions about someone.*
Narration: *When you make a judgment without sufficient information, you're going to be at least slightly off. Whether that's an over- or underestimation, it clouds your perception, and often comes back to bite you in the end.*
Narration: *My employer is exactly the sort of organization that lives and dies by gathering accurate intelligence, and I heard a lot about its importance from my acid-tongued master as well.*
Narration: *Therefore, I make a conscious effort not to label others prematurely.*
Michiru: Ng... *Gulp*... *Gulp*... *Gulp*...
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Nnnng... uuu...
Michiru: Soooour, ish so soooourrrr!
Narration: *...That said.*
Narration: *Every time this Matsushima Michiru girl enters my field of vision, I find myself dying to stick exactly such a mental label on her.*
Yuuji: Yo, Michiru.
Michiru: Nnng... Uh, fuwha! Yu-Yuuji!
Yuuji: I've been standing in front of you for a while now. Why are you acting like you just noticed?
Michiru: G-Give me a break here, I was concentrating! You didn't even register. I didn't even see you! It was poor-visibility conditions, got it!?
Yuuji: I see, understood. But that utter lack of awareness might cost you your life someday. Please make sure to look both ways for cars before you cross the road.
Michiru: ...Shaddup, stuuuupid.
Yuuji: I offered an appropriate warning given your actions. Why the verbal abuse?
Michiru: Shaddup shaddup shaddup! Go away, you, you jerk!
Narration: *Michiru vigorously throws the empty paper carton she was holding at me.*
Yuuji: Flying into a fit of rage just because someone tells you something you don't want to hear isn't a good habit.
Michiru: I hope you go sour! Go sour right now! Jerk!
Narration: *Judging that I don't have a foothold in this conversation, I pick up the garbage Michiru hurled at me and temporarily withdraw from the scene.*
Yuuji: ...100% Vitamin C Drink?
Narration: *Reading out the description printed on the carton, I tilt my head in bemusement.*
Narration: *I've seen plenty of "100% Fruit Juice" drinks, but this is a new one.*
Narration: *The parent company of this manufacturer is a pharmaceutical corporation. Maybe it's some sort of undiluted vitamin solution used in beauty products...?*
Narration: *Or maybe it's not meant literally, and they're just exaggerating to play up the fact that it's packed full of the stuff...?*
Narration: *Either way, it's a soft drink that emphasizes its vitamin C content above all else.*
Narration: *Which means that it's probably incredibly sour and acidic. It must be torture to drink unless you've got a pretty strong tolerance for that sort of thing.*
Yuuji: So why was she drinking this stuff?
Narration: *From the look on her face, I don't think it was out of fondness for the taste.*
Narration: *Some kind of self-flagellation? Or maybe...*
Yumiko: ...Why are you here...?
Narration: *Interrupting my thoughts, Sakaki stares at me suspiciously.*
Yuuji: Yo, if it isn't Yumin.
Yumiko: ...For the moment, can I confirm if that was intended to be some sort of nickname for me?
Yuuji: Calm down. If you lose your sense of humor, you won't be able to live a fun life.
Yumiko: I'm not particularly looking to live a "fun" life.
Yuuji: I see. In that case, it wasn't a nickname. Slip of the tongue. Happy now?
Yumiko: ...You are a truly aggravating human being.
Narration: *Aggravating as I may be, Sakaki nonetheless approaches me.*
Yumiko: ...What's that in your hand?
Yuuji: This? It's an empty soft drink carton. That blond girl was drinking it earlier.
Yumiko: And you have it why? ...Please don't tell me you enjoy collecting that sort of thing.
Yuuji: Is "collecting this sort of thing" as evil a hobby as that scowl implies? I'm interested. Please explain in detail.
Yumiko: ...Why don't you look it up online if you're so curious!?
Narration: *For some reason, Sakaki is trembling with anger.*
Narration: *Seems I still can't anticipate what will trigger this woman's wrath.*
Yumiko: To return to the subject, that's the one Matsushima-san is always drinking while making that terrible face.
Yuuji: Right, I wanted to ask about that. Why is she drinking something she so plainly hates? Did she lose a bet? Is she being bullied? Was she placed under a malevolent spell?
Yumiko: ...There's really no middle ground in your thinking, is there?
Yuuji: All right, so correct me.
Yumiko: I don't have an answer either. I haven't gotten too involved with the girl. In the first place, she's just a classmate. I don't have any particular interest in her.
Yuuji: And yet I'm pretty sure you knew this was Michiru's carton before you asked.
Yumiko: Does mocking people like this come naturally to you? Or do you save it specially for me?
Yuuji: I was just trying to explore an apparent logical inconsistency.
Narration: *The wrinkles in Sakaki's forehead grow deeper, and her glare sharper.*
Narration: *Apparently there are some logical inconsistencies best left unexplored when she's around. Specifically, those concerning her contrary personality.*
Yumiko: The girl does eat a lot of sweets and such. Maybe she's just interested in a variety of tastes.
Yuuji: Now that you mention it, seems like she's always carrying those ramune candies around.
Yumiko: My, you're a fairly observant one yourself. Does Matsushima-san interest you?
Yuuji: Are you interested in knowing whether I'm interested in Michiru?
Yumiko: ...I'm making a mental note not to talk too much around you. Goodbye.
Narration: *With an extremely displeased expression, Yumiko leaves the roof.*
Yuuji: There sure are a lot of troublesome girls in this place.
Narration: *After spending a little time sharing a dorm with them, it's pretty obvious that everyone in this place has a few screws loose, and probably a few skeletons in the closet as well.*
Narration: *Amane and Sakaki aren't easy to deal with in the first place, and there seems to be more to them than they're letting on.*
Narration: *The same is probably true of Makina and Sachi.*
Narration: *...That said.*
Narration: *When it comes to that bottle-blond girl... no matter how many times I try to look below the surface, I keep hitting rock bottom right away. If she's got any hidden depths, they're very well hidden.*
Narration: *In other words, I've got a persistent suspicion that she's an idiot.*
Yuuji: Still, it's too early to label her.
Narration: *I should bide my time and get a better idea of her personality before reaching any conclusions.*
Narration: *...But seriously, now.*
Michiru: Uwaa!
Yuuji: What, Michiru?
Michiru: Today's Thursday! I didn't buy the stuff we need for class! How could this happen? I was counting the days and everything, so I wouldn't forget to go shopping the day before!
Yuuji: Calm down. It's Wednesday. Yesterday was Tuesday, and there haven't been any gaps in the space-time continuum since.
Michiru: What does yesterday being Tuesday have to do with today being Thursday!?
Yuuji: Slowly count forward from Monday and I think it'll come to you.
Yuuji: ...Don't tell me you don't know the days of the week?
Michiru: Jerk! Of course I know that. Monday, Tuesday, Wedn... Wednes...
Michiru: Wednes... Huh, Wednesday...
Yuuji: That's right, you got it. Today is Wednesday. Well done.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: ...Ah.
Michiru: A-Ahahahahaha, come on, I knew that. I knew it all along. Just a brain fart!
Yuuji: ...Should I just let that one go?
Michiru: Person... person... person... okay.
Michiru: *Nom*... *Gulp!*
Yuuji: ...What are you doing?
Michiru: Gah...! You again!? What're you spying on me for!?
Yuuji: I'm not spying on you, I just happened to be here. Leaving that aside, are you drawing the character for "person" on your hand? That's a pretty stale superstition.

Michiru: What's it to you!? This works wonders for heartburn and indigestion! Mind your own business!
Yuuji: ...Heartburn and indigestion?
Michiru: That's right, just draw the character on your hand, then pretend to eat it. Bam! You're cured! It's an amazing magic spell! I'll let you imitate it if you ask nicely.
Yuuji: Sure, might come in handy sometime.
Michiru: Heh. Don't forget to show your gratitude when that day comes.
Sachi: Michiru-sama's body works in such convenient ways. I'm rather envious...
Yuuji: I thought the drawing-on-your-hand thing was supposed to calm you down before a big public speech or whatever. Since when did it become a replacement for azulene sulfonate sodium?
Sachi: While I'm sadly ignorant of its exact chemical composition, it's an undisputed fact that the inside of Michiru-sama's body is a land of many wonders.
Yuuji: You're pretty cruel, Sachi.
Sachi: Am I? In what respect?
Yuuji: Uh... never mind.
Narration: *June 9th, 2011, 17:18 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: Hey Amane, hold it!
Amane: Gaah, Michiru! W-What's wrong?
Michiru: That juice you bought for me yesterday is way past the expiration date!
Amane: Huh, no way. I checked it myself, I'm sure it was fine...
Michiru: Take a look for yourself. Here, it says May 3rd!
Amane: A whole month...!? Let me see that.
Amane: ......
Amane: Michiru.
Michiru: Don't worry, I'm not mad or anything. Just admit that even a "perfect housewife" like you slips up sometimes.
Amane: What year is it?
Michiru: I'm not an idiot! It's 2012, of co―
Amane: It's 2011.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: ...Wait, it is?
Amane: It is indeed.
Michiru: ...Ah, then this, uh, this date, uhm―
Amane: Yes, the expiration date on this thing is May of 2012, a whole 11 months from now. Understand? And you come in here accusing me of―
Michiru: G-Gotta go make dinner! Sorry to bother you, Amane.
Amane: Hold it right there! You snapped at me over your own dumb mistake. How about an apology!?
Amane: ......
Amane: ...She ran away.
Yuuji: Yo.
Amane: Ah, Yuuji-kun. Were you watching?
Yuuji: Ever since your polite greeting of "Gaah" toward your classmate.
Amane: ...After you've spent enough time with that girl, that's the natural reaction...
Yuuji: ...I think I can see where you're coming from.
Narration: *...Pile enough of these cases together and I can't help but bring my deadline for a conclusion forward.*
Narration: *One day, the topic of Michiru comes up when we're all gathered together.*
Narration: *Incidentally, the person in question is already in bed.*
Makina: Chiruchiru's an alien.
Yuuji: A unique theory.
Makina: Sometimes she rolls this silver paper around her head an' receives transmissions from space.
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Makina: If ya keep an eye on Chiruchiru, you'll see it before long...
Narration: *Although I have no intention of taking anything Makina says seriously, the scary thing is... when she says this about Michiru, it almost feels plausible.*
Yumiko: An alien, is it...
Yuuji: What, you have a thought about that?
Yumiko: I'm talking to myself, so could you please not butt in?
Yuuji: You were mumbling something interesting, so I was curious. Sorry. Please let me hear your delusions about Michiru the ET when you're in a better mood.
Yuuji: Sorry if I rubbed you the wrong way, but try to keep in mind that I don't mean anything by it.
Yumiko: ...How about you try not to rub me the wrong way instead?
Amane: Well, anyway. I'm just glad that vacant head of hers hasn't put her life at risk. Ahahaha.
Sachi: Perhaps the original Michiru-sama has in fact wandered off a cliff and died, and the current generation is an entirely different person...
Amane: ...Sorry, Sacchan. I think that's going a little overboard.
Sachi: I suppose you're right. More plausibly, there's a good chance Michiru-sama's brains haven't yet processed the fact that she's dead.♪
Amane: That's really not any better...
Makina: A dev'l lives inside Chiruchiru...
Yuuji: A devil?
Makina: She's camouflagin' herself with that show of idiocy, but once th' veil is lifted... the heartless devil will emerge at last, and bathe th' earth in our blood...!
Yumiko: Eek...
Yuuji: What's the matter, Sakaki? Sounds like you suddenly caught your breath in fear.
Yumiko: ...Did I not ask you to stop reacting to everything I do? I can do without the play-by-play commentary.
Amane: Ah, I'm going to bed. This is getting a little frightening.
Amane: Hm, isn't it kind of cold tonight...?
Sachi: Now that you mention it, it is a bit chilly.
Yumiko: ...Better get under the covers before I catch a cold...
Makina: Mmkay, g'night everybody. Onii-chan, you just forget about Chiruchiru an' have nice dreams, okay?
Yuuji: Is it really okay to just forget about her?
Date: *June 10, 2011, 08:02 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *The next morning.*
Narration: *Having finished my usual morning routine, I'm waiting for the others in the lobby.*
Narration: *But for some reason, nobody's showing up.*
Yuuji: Everybody's late at once...? Seems like a bit too much of a coincidence.
Narration: *The pattern so far has been Amane and Makina noisily arriving first, followed by Sachi and Michiru noisily arriving second, with Sakaki sullenly arriving last.*
Narration: *The normally rowdy morning is bizarrely quiet today.*
Amane: G'mornin'... *Sniffle*...
Narration: *Just as I'm thinking this, Amane appears around the corner of the hallway.*
Narration: *She's hunched over, hiding the breasts she's so proud of. Her hair is sticking up in places and her skin seems rough.*
Amane: Ugh... Caught a cold... Shouldn't have stayed up when the season's changing...
Yuuji: You look bad. Your beloved breasts are all shriveled.
Amane: Huh? No way! That can't...
Yuuji: Of course. I'm just screwing with you. What kind of cold would cause breasts to shrink? Haven't heard of one.
Amane: ...Look, could you maybe not torment a sick person?
Yuuji: Understood, I'll do my best. Where are the others?
Amane: Dunno. Makina's out of it in her room. She must've caught the same bug as me.
Yuuji: So we're waiting on the other three...
Narration: *As I speak, someone appears from around the corner.*
Sachi: Good mo'ning...
Narration: *Sachi, the next to arrive, has an equally severe case of the sniffles.*
Narration: *Her maid uniform is disheveled, bringing to mind certain cheap Japanese pornos.*
Amane: Oh geez, you too Sacchan?
Sachi: Yesh... I'm truly a failure as a maid for such sloppy management of my health. In olden days, I would probably have been forced to kill myself to atone for my incompetence.
Yuuji: I don't think there were many historical periods where catching a cold was punishable by death, Sachi.
Sachi: Ah, good morning Kazami-san... Where are the others?
Yuuji: This is all of us so far. Makina's unconscious in her room, Sakaki...
Narration: *Just as I was speaking, I hear the sound of dragging footsteps from around the corner.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *It's obvious from a look at Yumiko's face that she's in bad shape herself.*
Narration: *She must be pretty out of it, since she hasn't noticed that her socks are strangely bunched up at the toe. Her hair's a mess too, with loose strands bouncing around with every step.*
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ...Leave it.
Yuuji: Mind if I ask what I'm supposed to be leaving?
Yumiko: ...I'm sure you're dying to get in your kicks, right? Leave it alone. Could you just direct your sadistic interest elsewhere for the moment?
Yuuji: Understood. I won't comment on your bunched-up socks, or those stray hairs you've got all over the place.
Yumiko: ...You'd better watch out once I get better...
Narration: *Yumiko's forehead creases in the usual way as she straightens her hair and fixes her socks.*
Narration: *But the powerful aura of rage that normally accompanies her scowls isn't there.*
Amane: Yuuji-kun, you seem fine...
Yuuji: Staying healthy is part of my job.
Sachi: ...So the only ones healthy would be Kazami-san and...
Yumiko: ...Yes, come to think of it, I haven't seen her yet today...
Narration: *At the very moment everyone was imagining a certain face...*
Michiru: How pathetic, you guys!
Narration: *Michiru dramatically appears in the hallway, as if she'd been lying in wait for the right moment to make her grand entrance. Probably because she had, in fact, been lying in wait for the right moment to make her grand entrance.*
Narration: *She jabs a finger out at us in an apparent attempt at an impressive pose.*
Michiru: You've got to watch out when the seasons change! Sure enough, every one of you gets sick yet again. You're negligee with your health!
Yuuji: I'm not sick. Also, did you mean "negligent?"
Michiru: Talk about negligee! Negligee!
Narration: *Ignoring me and her own poor grasp of the language, Michiru continues to harp on the negligee group.*
Michiru: Even though your energy is all you're good for, you catch a cold and stand around sniffling like idiots? Seriously pathetic!
Yumiko: ...I don't want to hear this from you of all people...
Narration: *Likewise ignoring Sakaki's crankiness, Michiru reaches into the pouch she's carrying, takes out a variety of boxes and plastic pouches, and places them on the common room table.*
Michiru: Here, I got medicine and instant porridge ready. Everybody take your share, then go back to your room and get better at once! Understood?
Amane: Uugh, it pisses me off, but I can't talk back this time...
Sachi: I'll take it with thanks, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Thank me if you must. Or rather, you must thank me!
Narration: *In a truly rare spectacle, the group obediently follows Michiru's orders.*
Narration: *Michiru seems absolutely overjoyed. She's got the expression of a man about to jizz in his pants.*
Yumiko: ...At times like these, for some reason that girl's always the only one who stays healthy...
Yuuji: This has happened before?
Yumiko: I don't know why, but Matsushima-san is the only one who doesn't catch the bugs that go around the dorm. Frankly, for a while I was suspicious she was poisoning us.
Yuuji: Poisoning...?
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ...Why are you lost in thought all of a sudden?
Yuuji: You might not be too far off with that hypothesis. It's just that you aren't the ones being poisoned here.
Yumiko: ...What?
Michiru: Hmm, but once again I'm splendidly resistant to colds. I wonder why?
Narration: *Michiru tilts her head in honest puzzlement.*
Narration: *A daily vitamin C intake on the level of a self-poisoning; a sleep and activity schedule like that of a grade schooler; and a naturally tranquil, vacant mind.*
Narration: *Combining all of these factors, it's no wonder she doesn't get sick often.*
Michiru: Well, whatever. Come on, don't just stand there, Yumiko. Take what you need and get back to your room!
Yumiko: ...You don't have to tell me...!
Narration: *Although her words sound defiant, Sakaki also obediently takes advantage of Michiru's kindness.*
Narration: *Even if her willpower has been weakened by the cold, it doesn't seem like the Sakaki I know.*
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *I've gotten something of a new perspective on this girl.*
Narration: *Honestly, there's no mistaking the fact that she's an idiot. But without a doubt, she's a necessary idiot for this place.*
Narration: *Among this strangely precocious bunch, Michiru is a complete outlier in her lifestyle patterns and thought processes, creating a good balance.*
Yumiko: The porridge... There's no plum flavor...
Michiru: Ah, Amane took that one. All right, I'll bring one to your room later, so just take the medicine back for now.
Yumiko: Y-Yes... Okay... Thank you...
Michiru: Yes, Yumiko, shower me in gratitude!
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: Ah, no, I mean, you could sprinkle me with a little gratitude, if you feel like it...?
Narration: *Above all, I'm seriously surprised by the way something vaguely resembling friendly feeling seems to be temporarily present between her and this box cutter-woman.*
Narration: *Sakaki's apparent interest in Michiru also seems to hint at some sort of positive emotion.*
Narration: *Michiru might have some sort of mysterious charm in her own right.*
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji!
Yuuji: ...What?
Michiru: You too. Don't just stand there, put on a face mask so you don't catch their cold. Here, I've got some ready, so hurry up!
Yuuji: Yeah, I'll take one.
Narration: *Taking the mask Michiru thrusts out at me, I return to my room.*
Narration: *There are parts of people you can't judge from a unified perspective.*
Narration: *Trivial as it might seem, I've picked up another bit of knowledge at this school.*
Date: *June 13, 2011, 07:00 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: Ng... *Gulp*... *Gulp*... *Gulp*...
Michiru: ......
Michiru: ...Nnnng!
Michiru: Soooour, ish so soooourrrr!
Narration: *Several days after the cold incident in the dormitory...*
Narration: *Once again, I encounter Michiru drinking something sour in the lobby.*
Narration: *From the way she's writhing in agony, she doesn't seem to have gotten used to it in the least.*
Yuuji: ...Why are you so caught up on drinking sour things? You don't seem to enjoy them. Do you enjoy making yourself miserable?
Narration: *If this is just one facet of a deeper masochistic fetish, I'll have to demonstrate a certain level of acceptance and understanding.*
Michiru: Shaddup already! Getting lots of vitamin C makes you smarter! Don't you know that much?
Yuuji: What? Who published a thesis like that, and where?
Narration: *I like to think I have a basic familiarity with the benefits of vitamins, at least.*
Narration: *Vitamin C's effects are so famous that I'm actually surprised to hear anyone was still researching it.*
Michiru: T-Thesis...? D-Don't know about that, but, you know, it's in sardine or tuna heads or whatever. You've heard about it, right? Vitamin C!
Yuuji: ...Sardines? The head of tuna...?
Narration: *Sardines, tuna, and a positive effect on the intellect...*
Yuuji: ...I think I get it.
Michiru: What, finally remembered? But I won't give you any! I'll show you! I'm gonna get way smarter than you!
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm looking forward to it.
Michiru: What's with that confident expression!? You'll regret this when I'm the one teaching you stuff!
Narration: *Unfortunately, judging from the way she's confusing vitamin C with DHA, that's probably not going to happen any time soon.*
Narration: *But to explain her mistake here and now would be too cruel.*
Narration: *I'm sure she'll naturally discover the truth herself someday.*
Yuuji: Well, you may not be capable of teaching me much at the moment, but I'm counting on you to help me out if I get sick.
Michiru: ...What's with that?
Yuuji: Don't worry about it. You just keep up the vitamin C intake and regular sleep patterns, for everyone's sake.
Michiru: I-I plan to! Not that it's any of YOUR business!
Narration: *Spitting out a venerable tsundere stock phrase as her parting shot, Michiru stalks off.*
Narration: *...I don't stick labels on people prematurely.*
Narration: *But, regarding the girl named Matsushima Michiru... in consideration of various events up to and including the current case, I have arrived at a certain conclusion.*
Michiru: So full of yourself! Don't think I'm gonna give you any of my vitamin C brain juice!
Narration: *This girl is, in fact, an idiot.*

Narration: *June 13th, 2011, 22:00 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *Probably because I've been living in a world where maintaining a decidedly realist perspective is a matter of necessity, I've never felt any interest in the paranormal or occult phenomena.*
Narration: *Such stories are often frauds, created to prey on the weaknesses of human nature; and more fundamentally, I've never found any meaning in the idea of the supernatural.*
Narration: *But in my workplace, where human lives are frequently given and taken, these sorts of rumors aren't uncommon. Even a disinterested party like me has absorbed more stories than I can count on both hands.*
Amane: ...So, what ended up happening to the person who approached the tunnel...?
Yuuji: When he got back, he went delirious with fever. His limbs grew numb and eventually totally immobile. When a doctor examined him, they couldn't find any cause for his condition. They threw in the towel and left him to rot in bed.
Makina: Ugeh... this's made-up, right?
Sachi: When Kazami-san tells the story, it seems frighteningly real...
Michiru: Ahaha, Yuuji's probably just making up a fake ending to scare us. I bet the guy's perfectly fine, and they still keep in touch even now.
Yuuji: No, that's what really happened. And he died a month later.
Michiru: Eek... That's a lie! He should be fine by the template! Say it's a lie, all right!?
Yuuji: I don't tell lies, even white lies. He's dead. Left me a little something in his will.
Michiru: Nooooo!! Uhoooooo!!
Makina: I got no friggin' idea if Chiruchiru's happy or terrified.
Sachi: I believe Michiru-sama is scared out of her wits, such as they are.
Narration: *Compared to the reasonably calm Sachi and Makina, Michiru's in a state of serious terror.*
Amane: Y-Y'all are hopeless...
Narration: *Amane's expression is also strangely cramped. From the way her Kansai accent is leaking out, I'd say she's not quite unaffected herself.*
Sachi: Was his death in fact related to some sort of curse?
Yuuji: Don't know. He wasn't that healthy to start out with, so there's a good chance he just picked up some illness that killed him.
Makina: But the doctor couldn't find anything wrong with him, right?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Michiru: Aah, geez, I'm telling you that's too freaky! Maybe he was, like, chronically ill, or you'd noticed him coughing for half a year before that? Isn't there some explanation like that? Please?
Yuuji: Nope.
Michiru: UhoHohhh!
Narration: *Michiru clamps her hands over her ears and thrashes around, moaning like a wild animal.*
Narration: *Though the course of her evolution seems to have reached a new stage, this isn't the time to study that hypothesis.*
Yuuji: Were you that scared? Sorry.
Michiru: That's not it, I wasn't scared or anything! Just surprised! And scared!
Sachi: Calm yourself, Michiru-sama. You're spinning in circles like the hands of a clock.
Michiru: I mean, what's wrong with this guy!? Usually you'd show consideration and lighten the story up just a teensy bit! He's ruthless, totally ruthless!
Makina: There there, it'll be okay. Even if Chiruchiru did piss herself from fear on th' spot, everyone here's kind enough to pretend we don't notice.
Michiru: I did not piss myself! And that's cruelty, not kindness! Don't ignore something like that!
Yuuji: Understood. If and when Michiru pisses herself, I promise to pay close attention.
Michiru: Piss off!
Yuuji: ...At any rate, my story's over, so let's stop for now.
Narration: *There are five candles in front of us.*
Narration: *I blow out the flame on the last one that's still burning.*
Sachi: That's that. Good work everyone.
Narration: *Sachi turns on the lights and begins to clean up the candles.*
Narration: *After dinner, for some reason we all ended up telling scary stories in the lobby.*
Narration: *It was a standard campfire-style ghost stories round, with everyone having a try at frightening the rest.*
Narration: *Maybe the lukewarm summer night made for a good atmosphere, as everybody got into it.*
Amane: *Sigh*... When you get down to it, that last story from Yuuji-kun has to be the scariest.
Sachi: Yes, the way Kazami-san's story wasn't dressed up made it seem particularly believable.
Yuuji: Well, it's not fiction.
Michiru: Cut it out! ...At least say "it's just a story" at the end. That's the absolute minimum of human decency!
Yuuji: If I told you it was just a story now, would you believe me?
Michiru: S-Sure I would. If you say it I'll believe you!
Yuuji: Alright, got it. That story about the tunnel was all a lie. Also, my co-worker's alive and kicking.
Michiru: Huh...? Ah...
Michiru: ......
Michiru: It's no good! I can't buy that! Get this outta my head! Brainwash me! Bring me a brainwashing machine right now!
Yuuji: I think they'd give up after a few minutes with your brain.
Narration: *Ignoring Michiru's hysterics, everyone starts to head back to their rooms.*
Narration: *At this point, I realize something's been a bit odd about tonight.*
Yuuji: Come to think of it, I haven't seen Sakaki.
Narration: *The others pause at my words, then turn back around with thoughtful expressions on their faces.*
Amane: Now that you mention it, I haven't run into her today either. Sacchan, how about you?
Sachi: No. I did catch a glimpse of her in school, but I don't recall seeing her in the dorm.
Makina: I saw her for just a sec, but she went right into her room. I dunno about after that.
Yuuji: Maybe she didn't want to deal with us in a group?
Narration: *Given Sakaki's personality, I can't imagine her voluntarily participating in this sort of social event.*
Narration: *My guess would be that she just shut herself up in her room, since she couldn't avoid running into our gathering if she went downstairs.*
Michiru: No, she doesn't really hate this sort of event.
Yuuji: Really?
Michiru: Well, I wouldn't say she goes out of her way to join in. But I think she feels like she should at least show up.
Narration: *Amane nods at Michiru's words.*
Amane: That's right. Usually when everybody gathers here, she'll be standing over there, mostly just listening.
Narration: *She points to a pillar on the edge of the lobby and the hallway.*
Sachi: Yes, so it feels comparatively unusual that she didn't show up today.
Yuuji: I see...
Makina: Yumi-chan's a by-th'-book kuudere, so she's just bein' shy! If Onii-chan brings out th' beast inside and attacks...
Makina: She'll go "But that's... embarrassing..." 'n fold like a house of cards!
Sachi: Yes, I think that would be an appropriate measure.
Sachi: Sakaki-san constantly exhibits a kuudere personality of near robotic perfection. I believe it's practically certain that this event is simply another expression of it.
Michiru: I just... felt a lot of sympathy for Yumiko...
Makina: Sympathy? Why? I get it, it's because Chiruchiru's a really transparent character too, right? Ya identify with her, or somethin'. Tribal solidarity? Team spirit?
Makina: C'mon, don't look away, spit it out.
Michiru: Shaddup! I'm sympathetic as a fellow victim of your constant screwing around, you jerk!
Sachi: Wah, please don't shout like that, Michiru-sama. If you raise your voice all of a sudden, you might break something in that fragile head of yours. I'm deeply concerned about your rash lifestyle.
Michiru: Sachi, you too!? You're just as bad!
Narration: *As I watch Makina, whose abusive tongue and nasty personality are growing more pronounced, Sachi, whose cyborg-like reactions are growing more dramatic, and Michiru, who's growing more victimized by the day...*
Narration: *I find myself growing a little curious about Sakaki's way of life.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, since that box cutter incident was resolved a few days ago, I don't remember exchanging anything but very basic communications with her.*
Narration: *I don't intend to pry too deeply, but for the sake of a smooth school life from this point on, it might be a good idea to learn a little more about her.*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Yuuji: Hey, there's something I want to ask you guys. Do you have a few minutes?
Date: *June 14, 2011, 16:30 - Mihama Academy - Hallway*
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Just my imagination?
Makina: ...That was close, ya know.
Sachi: Indeed, Sakaki-san's instincts are remarkably sharp.
Yuuji: When you're being followed by this many people, of course you're going to notice.
Narration: *Yesterday evening, I tried lightly asking the others about Sakaki's daily life and habits.*
Narration: *But the answers I received in return provided much flimsier information than I had expected.*
Narration: *The one thing we know about Sakaki Yumiko is that she doesn't let people see much about herself, much less her private life. Our only real glimpses of her thoughts are hints from her gestures and body language.*
Narration: *In short, Sakaki's lifestyle is a vaguely-defined mystery even to the people she's been living with. Without an active effort at observation, things are likely to stay that way.*
Makina: That's exactly why we're investigating Yumi-chan's habits, ya know?
Narration: *Probably 80% out of idle curiosity, Makina and Sachi ended up volunteering to cooperate with my investigation.*
Narration: *That "cooperation" has taken the form of an incredibly sloppy tailing operation that was nearly given away in a matter of seconds. To be honest, they're nothing but a burden - Makina in particular.*
Yuuji: I asked the wrong people...
Makina: Wassamatter?
Yuuji: No, forget it...
Narration: *If things get bad, it's every man for himself.*
Narration: *Putting aside any reflection on the basic question of why we're doing this for later, we continue our investigation of the highly mysterious Sakaki.*
Makina: Blehhh, my sore're feet, I'm tired...
Narration: *Lying limply on her side on the sofa in the lobby, Makina mumbles a few grammatically scrambled words of complaint.*
Sachi: In the end, we didn't find out anything...
Narration: *Sachi flops down next to me, heaving a tired sigh herself.*
Yuuji: Well, her guard was even tighter than anticipated.
Narration: *After spending an entire day following Sakaki's every movement outside of class, we gained absolutely no new information.*
Narration: *During her free periods she reads books in absorbed silence. Her pace in school was always steady and regular, without any suspicious hasty movements.*
Makina: She doesn't feel human... she's a robot, or a walkin' rock...
Narration: *Just as Makina says, Sakaki's behavior was reminiscent of a machine.*
Sachi: Yes, it felt as though I was watching a cyborg...
Yuuji: You're one to ta... well, whatever. You're not wrong.
Narration: *But I don't think I can be satisfied with this.*
Narration: *From what I heard yesterday, Sakaki doesn't dislike being in a group with the others.*
Narration: *Even if she doesn't participate in the conversation, the way she's constantly lingering at the edge is easily comprehensible from the perspective of human psychology.*
Narration: *That doesn't fit with her machine-like actions in the daytime.*
Yuuji: In the first place, does she ever let her emotions show on her face?
Narration: *Apart from the hostility Sakaki showed me at first, I haven't seen any evidence of an emotional reaction from her.*
Sachi: Come to think of it, although it might not be exactly the same thing...
Narration: *Sachi raises her hand and speaks somewhat hesitantly.*
Sachi: I have seen Sakaki-san startled.
Yuuji: Startled?
Sachi: Yes.
Narration: *Sakaki? It doesn't seem like she'd bat an eyelid even if the dorm exploded under her.*
Yuuji: What kind of surprise got a reaction out of her?
Narration: *In response to my question, Sachi continues in slightly hushed tones.*
Sachi: I don't think Sakaki-san would be pleased to know I was telling you this, but, uhm... it was an incident involving instant yakisoba.
Yuuji: ...Instant yakisoba?
Sachi: Yes, Oyang's yakisoba with sauce. Equipped with a hole for easy draining of the hot water. It boils within 3 minutes.
Yuuji: Not interested in the brand name or product features. What does it have to do with Sakaki?
Sachi: Uhm, when making instant yakisoba, you need to drain the hot water, of course.
Sachi: When you dump the water into the sink, the metal reacts and makes a booming sound, yes?
Yuuji: True, it'll make a sound if you dump it all at once.
Sachi: Yes, and exactly that happened to Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Eeyaa...!
Yumiko: Ahh...!
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: The yakisoba...
Yumiko: Oh well...
Sachi: U-Uhm, Sakaki-san, are, are you just leaving this...?
Sachi: Then I cleaned up for her and left.
Yuuji: Hoh, Sakaki did that...?
Narration: *With that cool and calm appearance, you'd never think she'd be startled by something as small as that...*
Narration: *In reality, she must have a pretty low tolerance for sudden scares.*
Yuuji: I kind of want to see that side of Sakaki.
Narration: *But I'm not particularly likely to run into her at the exact moment she's draining her instant noodles. And given Sakaki's personality, I doubt she'll make the same mistake twice anyway.*
Narration: *Although I wouldn't mind seeing her cautiously filling the sink, preparing a strainer, and tensely draining the hot water either.*
Makina: That sounds cool! I wanna see too.
Yuuji: Unfortunately, I doubt she'll do that twice.
Makina: That's just the hot water thing, though. We could use another method, ya know?
Yuuji: What...?
Narration: *Makina lightly jumps up off the couch, floating a diabolical grin.*
Makina: We just need to ambush Yumi-chan and scare the heck outta her!
Yuuji: What are you saying...
Sachi: That sounds fun, but wouldn't Sakaki-san's surprise quickly turn to anger...?
Narration: *Just as Sachi says, when you consider the aftermath, trying a stunt like that on Sakaki seems like a very dangerous plan.*
Makina: I c'n handle it myself, don't worry. She won't find out, so it's all good!
Narration: *But Makina's malicious curiosity seems to outweigh her awareness of the risk.*
Makina: Sacchin, she comin' back soon?
Sachi: Yes, ETA to the front door is approximately two minutes.
Narration: *Intelligence arrives from our detached unit, namely Sachi.*
Makina: Now we jus' wait for the target to approach.
Yuuji: Is this really going to work?
Makina: My plan's flawless. You just sit back an' enjoy the show, alright Onii-chan?
Narration: *Just as Makina says, I'm hidden near the hallway, observing the scene.*
Michiru: ...I wonder if there's really anything capable of surprising Yumiko.
Makina: Wait, why's Chiruchiru here anyway?
Michiru: Huh? N-None of your business! I was just curious!
Narration: *Sakaki climbs her way up the stairs, approaching the second-floor hallway.*
Narration: *In that instant, Makina calls out instructions into her cell phone.*
Makina: Do it!
Narration: *At Makina's signal, Sachi cuts the breaker to the hallway from the other end of the phone call.*
Yumiko: Huh? W-What the...?
Narration: *Sakaki is taken aback for a brief moment.*
Yumiko: A blackout...? What a nuisance...
Narration: *But her voice quickly regains its usual steadiness.*
Narration: *Once again, her footsteps ring out in a regular rhythm.*
Makina: (Most likely th' target, due to her scaredy-cat nature, will be on edge from th' "blackout"...)
Narration: *Right as Sakaki approaches the door to her room―*
Narration: *Makina presses the switch in her hand.*
Yumiko: What the...!
Narration: *Sakaki twirls around at the odd noise... but finds nothing more than a flowerpot, sitting demurely on a nearby shelf.*
Narration: *In the unremarkable earthenware pot, there's nothing but a small decorative plant.*
Yumiko: Phew...
Narration: *Sakaki sighs in relief after discovering the innocuous origin of the strange sound.*
Narration: *But she hasn't taken her eyes off the houseplant yet.*
Makina: (On top of that, by lettin' her taste momentary relief, we get her guard down!)
Narration: *As Makina whispers these words, she presses the switch a second time.*
Narration: *―Just then.*
Narration: *The "perfectly normal" houseplant abruptly splits in two down the middle. From its depths, an object resembling a giant eyeball emerges.*
Narration: *Although it might be different under bright lighting, seeing this thing pop out at you in the dark must be something of a shock.*
Yumiko: Ah...
Narration: *As expected, Sakaki freezes dead on the spot, her eyes and mouth open wide.*
Narration: *Something that might be an attempt at speech and might be a simple gasp leaks out of her mouth.*
Yumiko: Eee...
Narration: *After a moment, she draws in a great breath of air...*
Yumiko: Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!
Narration: *And, in a loud voice that I never could have imagined emerging from Sakaki's mouth, she screams. The sound echoes throughout the dorm.*
Yumiko: Wh-What, what the...!?
Narration: *It's not just that she's loud. Unlike her normal low, vaguely threatening tone, Sakaki's voice right now is remarkably girly.*
Yuuji: Hoh...
Narration: *Although I feel a little sorry for Sakaki as she trembles in terror, this is a truly interesting spectacle.*
Makina: Hoho, Yumi-chan got nice an' surprised. Lessee, what's her face look like? Is it lewd?
Michiru: You're evil... truly evil.
Makina: Hey Chiruchiru, move over already, I can't see that wellll...
Michiru: Ah, h-hey, don't push, Makina!
Makina: Huh...? Ah, wawawa!
Narration: *Losing their balance, Makina and Michiru tumble from their hiding position, landing in front of Sakaki.*
Yumiko: Wha...?
Narration: *At this point, Sakaki finally grasps the nature of the situation.*
Michiru: Ah, ahaha, Yumiko, what's up? Seems like a blackout, huh? Haha.
Makina: Wow, blackout outta nowhere, weird!
Narration: *Just then, Sachi returns with exquisitely bad timing―*
Sachi: Well done, everybody! Mission success... Ah.
Narration: *After adding some exquisitely unhelpful lines, she clamps her mouth shut.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Yumiko looks around the faces of everybody on the scene, and then glances down at herself.*
Yumiko: ...What's the meaning of this?
Narration: *The tone of her voice has completely returned to normal.*
Michiru: Uh, well, this is, you know? Bit of a long story.
Makina: Yeah, Chiruchiru made us do it.
Michiru: Wha...! A set up!?
Makina: Chiruchiru had fun too, so you're an accessory to the crime! Now ya gotta do the time!
Michiru: Then you do it too! Don't just blame it all on me!
Yumiko: ...I see. Although I don't understand your motives, it seems this is your doing...
Yumiko: I assume you're prepared to face the consequences of your actions...
Sachi: Uwa, please calm yourself, Sakaki-san!
Makina: Eek, Yumi-chan's maaaaaad!
Michiru: Hey, why are you chasing after meeee! Wait, nooooooooo!!
Narration: *As the perpetrators scatter around the dorm, Sakaki tracks down Michiru. There's murder in her eyes.*
Narration: *She's waving her box cutter around like the incarnation of wrath. Where did the person who let out that cute scream go?*
Yuuji: Don't think she's going to calm down any time soon...
Narration: *Turning my back on the violent turmoil taking place on the upper floors, I head downstairs by myself.*
Date: *June 15, 2011, 06:30 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Yo, you're up early.
Yumiko: ...I thought I would head to school ahead of time. In order to avoid having to deal with any vile pranks.
Narration: *After that, Sakaki caught the criminals and beat the details out of them as they groveled in penance before her.*
Narration: *As a related party myself, I was called before her to receive my own interrogation.*
Narration: *In the end, she heaved a truly exasperated sigh, and without any particular retaliation, returned to her room with heavy footsteps.*
Yuuji: Good idea. Don't know about Sachi, but Makina and Michiru are probably still asleep.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ...Sorry.
Narration: *Sakaki reaches her hand into the pocket presumably containing her box cutter, glaring reproachfully at me. I raise my hands dramatically over my head in an attempt to demonstrate my lack of hostile intent.*
Narration: *In response, Sakaki sighs deeply, passes by my side, and strides off quickly in the direction of the school building.*
Yuuji: So, mind if I ask you something?
Yumiko: ...Do you seriously intend to humiliate me even further?
Narration: *As I follow a few steps behind her, Sakaki answers my question with her own, her voice hard with an attempt at intimidation.*
Yuuji: I'm not looking to tease you or look down on you. It really is just a question.
Yumiko: ...Fine, then make it brief.
Yuuji: Did you know everybody had a late-night gathering in the lobby two days ago?
Yumiko: ...I suppose so.
Narration: *So she was aware of it after all.*
Yuuji: If you knew about it, why didn't you join in? From what the others told me, you don't particularly dislike that sort of event...
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: If me being there made it awkward to join in, could you say why? I need to know before I can try to correct my behavior.
Narration: *I'm clearly an alien existence in this school, much less the dorm.*
Narration: *I don't intend to trample on the native peoples' territorial rights or the dignity of their culture. Not that I plan to be particularly submissive either, but still...*
Narration: *As much as possible, I'd like to aim for peaceful coexistence, meaning I need to understand the boundaries I shouldn't cross.*
Narration: *For that reason, I want to know why Sakaki absented herself the other day.*
Narration: *Especially if it's connected with me in some way.*
Yumiko: It's not... that there's anything you need to correct...
Yuuji: Okay, in that case, why...?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *In response to my question, she hesitates for a moment.*
Narration: *Rather than being uncomfortable about speaking her feelings to me, I get the sense that she's reluctant to admit the truth to herself.*
Narration: *After a silence of about twenty seconds, Sakaki finally speaks―*
Yumiko: ...I hate scary stories.
Narration: *Truly unexpected words.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...What did you say just now?
Yumiko: You don't have to look that surprised...
Narration: *Apparently my face is easy to read, as Sakaki reproaches me with a resentful expression.*
Yumiko: Like you said, I don't dislike gathering there. But...
Yumiko: ...Just leave it alone, everyone has things they don't enjoy.
Narration: *Judging from the way she got scared by the sound of a sink denting, and the dramatic success of the prank yesterday, I did gather she was your standard "scaredy-cat," but...*
Narration: *It just feels weird hearing her actually come out and admit it.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah, nothing wrong with that. It just seems really out of character.
Yumiko: ...Let me take my earlier words back. I've found something for you to change about yourself.
Yuuji: What?
Yumiko: That insensitivity. ...How about being a little considerate once in a while...
Narration: *After Sakaki speaks those words, she makes a beeline toward the school building, without stopping or looking back again.*
Narration: *From her dignified bearing, there's not the slightest hint of the person who shrieked at that prank.*
Yuuji: Guess I should just leave this alone from now on...
Narration: *As the first step toward mending my apparent "insensitivity," I decide to refrain from teasing her further.*
Narration: *At any rate, through this incident I've discovered that even this stone-faced cutter-woman has her cute side.*

Date: *June 16, 2011, 19:43 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―"Imprinting"...*
Narration: *Newborn chicks identify the first thing they see as their parent.*
Narration: *The term refers to this sort of rapidly formed, durable conviction.*
Narration: *Today, almost anyone you ask will have heard something about the phenomenon, but...*
Narration: *Fewer know that imprinting isn't limited to the animal kingdom, but also occurs among humans... even "average" female students.*
Narration: *This particular discovery is the product of my own recent experience.*
Sachi: Ah... good evening, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *When I leave my room, I find Sachi heading toward the second floor with a deck brush and bucket.*
Yuuji: Is this a set cleaning time for the dorm?
Sachi: No, there's no such schedule.
Yuuji: Then why are you carrying a bucket and deck brush?
Sachi: Ah, yes... I'd just been planning to give the grand bath a quick scrubbing.
Yuuji: If I remember correctly, you told me a contractor comes in to clean that bathroom.
Sachi: Yes. That's true, but...
Sachi: The contractor said "it's not like we're here every day, so please take care of the daily maintenance," so―
Yuuji: So you're cleaning it on your own initiative?
Sachi: Yes... when they have the time, Michiru-sama and Amane-san help out as well, so it's not as troublesome as it sounds.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I guess that's sort of class rep-esque, but more importantly...*
Yuuji: You intending to clean in that outfit?
Sachi: Yes. As "wear a maid uniform when you can" was everyone's wish...
Yuuji: When you can, huh...
Narration: *Considering the vagueness of those words, I'm a little concerned about how she's interpreting them.*
Yuuji: ...So, when you go out, what do you usually wear?
Sachi: A maid uniform.
Yuuji: How about when you're studying in your room?
Sachi: A maid uniform.
Yuuji: When you're in the bath?
Sachi: Naked as a jaybird.
Yuuji: When you're sleeping?
Sachi: A maid uniform.
Yuuji: ...I get the picture.
Narration: *Basically, she's in a maid uniform pretty much every moment she's not in school.*
Narration: *No wonder the principal said she wears them "more often than not."*
Yuuji: But wearing a service uniform even when you're sleeping is a little... wait, don't tell me you don't have any other clothes?
Sachi: I do.
Yuuji: So, what, you just really enjoy wearing that uniform?
Sachi: I wonder... at first I simply thought of them as clothes like any other...
Sachi: But when you look closely, the frills here and there are quite cute. The more time you spend in one, the more you can appreciate why these uniforms have stood the test of time.
Yuuji: ...Hrm.
Narration: *So basically, she likes the clothes themselves.*
Yuuji: In that case Sachi, let me give you my opinion on your style.
Sachi: Certainly...
Yuuji: Fundamentally, men are simple creatures. Rather than clothes with a narrow appeal like a maid uniform, we prefer a simple, straightforward erotic look.
Sachi: In other words, naked as a jaybird?
Yuuji: That's a bit extreme. Also, it takes time and effort to change the appearance of your body itself.
Sachi: So then, underwear...
Yuuji: Right.
Yuuji: For example, I'd imagine you're wearing modest underwear appropriate for a student, but... what do you think would happen if you, the class rep, flashed everyone a peek at unexpectedly adult lingerie?
Sachi: ...What would happen?
Yuuji: That momentary glimpse of your "unpredictability" would dramatically shift the way people perceive you.
Sachi: I see... The scales have fallen from my eyes...
Yuuji: In conclusion, underwear isn't something you hide, it's something you show off. Keep that in mind.
Sachi: I see... Underwear isn't something you hide, it's something you show off... Underwear isn't something you hide, it's something you show off...
Yuuji: But if you go past the "casual" level with this, it'll backfire on you. Do it in moderation.
Narration: *Well, that should be common sense, but...*
Sachi: Yes, I'll keep this in mind.
Yuuji: All right. I think I've gotten my point across.
Sachi: ...Yes. I understand.
Narration: *With those words, Sachi headed to the second floor. At that time, I had forgotten something very important.*
Narration: *At this school, there are students for whom "common sense" doesn't always apply.*
Date: *June 17, 2011, 07:59 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Michiru: Ah, good morning, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *When I enter the classroom, I exchange greetings with Michiru, who was as usual the first to arrive.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Next up, Sakaki arrives, taciturn as usual.*
Amane: Morning everyone!
Makina: Jambooo!!
Narration: *The energetic Cicada Sisters follow.*
Sachi: Good morning, everyone.
Narration: *And finally, Sachi in her underwear.*
Yuuji: ...Her underwear?
Michiru: Bla!?
Amane: Whaaaa!?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *The four others freeze up at the unexpected spectacle.*
Amane: S-Sacchan! Get changed into this right now! This is a top-priority request!!
Narration: *Coming to her senses, Amane grabs a maid uniform from Sachi's locker and throws it over to her.*
Sachi: Ah, yes... As requested, I will now get changed.
Amane: You don't need to announce that! Hurry up!!
Sachi: Y-Yes!
Sachi: I've finished dressing myself.
Amane: Sheesh...
Narration: *Once Sachi's on-the-spot changing is complete, Amane sighs in relief.*
Michiru: What the heck, Sachi! That wasn't on the level of a "Kyaa! Oopsie, I forgot my bra," you know?
Sachi: Uh, well... today I thought I would try the underwear look...
Michiru: ...Why?
Sachi: Yesterday, I was taught that underwear isn't something you hide, it's something you show off...
Michiru: Wha!?
Narration: *Sachi's reply is a word-for-word repetition of my advice from yesterday.*
Narration: *Although that's admirable in a way, it seems the warning I added at the end went in one ear and out the other...*
Michiru: ......
Narration: *And these withering glances of scorn aren't exactly comfortable, either.*
Yuuji: Sorry, but my proclivities are pretty normal. I'm not going to get off no matter how much you glare at me.
Michiru: Who the HELL was trying to get you off!?
Yuuji: Could have sworn.
Michiru: I'm dying to know how you misunderstood this situation that badly!
Amane: Okay, we all know... there's only one person in this school who'd get anything out of telling Sachi something like that.
Makina: Then Onii-chan is the criminal?
Yumiko: ...You're the worst.
Narration: *With Amane's words, the other two turn their glares on me as well.*
Amane: Well, Yuuji-kun... just curious, but might you have said something to Sacchan yesterday?
Yuuji: I did tell Sachi that underwear is more popular among the male population, compared to a maid uniform. I didn't mean to demand that she come to school wearing nothing else.
Michiru: Even if you didn't mean it that way, if Sachi took it that way, it's the same thing!
Narration: *So this works on the same theory as schoolyard bullying...?*
Michiru: It's not like you're dealing with Amane here. Sachi's a pure girl...
Amane: Uhm... what is that supposed to mean, exactly?
Michiru: Aah, sorry... just a figure of speech...
Amane: I don't think that makes it any less insulting...
Yumiko: Those two clearly aren't getting anywhere, so let me explain this to you myself...
Yuuji: Please.
Yumiko: Komine-san is, how should I put this, not the most flexible person... Frankly, she's diligent to the point of stupidity.
Yuuji: So much so that she'd hear "wear a maid uniform when you can" and then wear nothing else from the next day on?
Michiru: Right, right... Hey, why do you know about that?
Yuuji: She told me herself the day I transferred in.
Sachi: ...*Nod*
Narration: *Sachi confirms my words silently.*
Amane: Well, I was actually amazed you hadn't asked us about it yet.
Makina: Ditto!
Michiru: Anyway, the point is that Sachi's innocent! She's pure white!!
Michiru: I'm pretty sure I already told you this back when we were discussing the "Swiss Army knife," but...
Michiru: If you say careless stuff in front of Sachi, like a certain someone once did... you'll end up crying in the end...
Yuuji: True, it's pretty lame the way she keeps calling you Michiru-sama...
Michiru: Don't just blurt out the thing I'm carefully leaving unsaid!!
Narration: *I thought she was indirectly asking for the follow-up, but it seems she actually thought she was being vague.*
Makina: What else? One time, she tried t' take swimming class in a maid uniform...
Yumiko: And there was that incident where she suspended herself by a rope in an attempt to clean the outside wall of the dormitory.
Yuuji: She sounds unusually athletic for a class rep... 
Sachi: The class rep can't be picky about her work.
Amane: Well... I don't think many class reps would try to swim in their clothes, let alone try to rappel off a roof...
Michiru: Anyway, that's how it is, so... don't go feeding Sachi any more nonsense!
Yuuji: Yeah. I'll keep that in mind.
Yumiko: And as for you, Komine-san... You're a girl, so I think you should be a little more concerned with your modesty.
Sachi: Yes... although it's extremely difficult to comprehend the appropriate boundaries... I will do my utmost!
Michiru: Alrighty then. Now that I've beaten Yuuji into silence, let's get ready for the first lesson.♪
Amane: Was there anything like that in the conversation just now...?
Makina: It's kinder to leave that unsaid, ya know...
Yumiko: Komine-san... has some surprisingly adult underwear, doesn't she...
Narration: *Apparently finished with their warnings and advice, everyone except Sachi returns to their respective seats.*
Sachi: I'm sorry, Kazami-san. Everyone got angry at you because of me...
Yuuji: No, nothing to apologize for.
Yuuji: I don't think I worded my advice that well, and I'm impressed by your willingness to put your body on the line.
Sachi: ...Thank you very much.
Yuuji: So this time, I think I'll teach you about how to "casually" emphasize your underwear...
Sachi: There's such a method? I feel the scales ready to fall from my eyes again...
Michiru: Oh. My. GOD! You two, listen to what people tell yooooou!
Narration: *They say that for a parent bird, raising one chick to adulthood is the work of a lifetime, but...*
Narration: *For a transfer student, making friends with a classmate of the opposite sex is pretty rough in its own way.*

Narration: *June 17th, 2011, 15:30 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *―On dark nights, it's not uncommon to mistake foliage swaying in the wind for the movements of a sinister human form.*
Narration: *If you're alert, you'll understand rationally that it's just an illusion. But your senses feed off that instinctive twinge of terror, transforming the rustling of leaves into the whispering of a demon.*
Narration: *To the shrub or tree in question, this quirk of the human mind must be irritating. They mind their own business, spend their days earnestly assimilating carbon dioxide into ligneous tissue, and this is the thanks they get?*
Narration: *But the plants don't get the worst of it. There's nothing quite as obnoxious as the way people push misconceptions onto their animals.*
Narration: *All too often, pets are treated more like receptacles for the selfish delusions of human beings than companions.*
Narration: *...What if every pet in the world suddenly gained the ability to speak?*
Narration: *I'm sure their owners are dying to hear their thoughts, but sometimes ignorance is bliss.*
Narration: *It's difficult enough to come to a real understanding between fellow humans. How much harder would that be when one party is an animal?*
Narration: *Believing in the fantasy that our pets "love us back" must be more pleasant than facing that reality.*
???: Hey, stop! Not there. Wai, hey...
Narration: *An erotic voice, out of place in the peaceful sunshine.*
Narration: *In the past, Japan relied heavily on row housing apartments. With thin walls and nosy neighbors, having sex in your own home could be surprisingly awkward.*
Narration: *But as a result, inns aimed especially at couples sprung up, eventually developing into the famous "love hotels." And modern housing circumstances usually allow for much greater privacy at home.*
Narration: *In conclusion, having sex outdoors in this day and age is less likely an attempt at consideration toward your neighbors, and more likely an attempt at getting an additional thrill.*
Narration: *―We've got a pervert.*
???: Noo... don't lick me there...
Narration: *Normally, I'm not in the habit of criticizing other people's fetishes; but fucking al fresco carries far higher risks than an amateur might expect.*
Narration: *Simply brush your exposed genitals against the ground and you're picking up all sorts of bacteria. Do you have any idea how dangerously unsanitary sex under such conditions is?*
Narration: *And yet these idiots get themselves all aroused frolicking about in some park or mountain; and before long, they're screwing without even a moment's consideration for their own health. Very dangerous thinking. Truly deplorable.*
Narration: *Though I don't have the slightest idea who might be fornicating here, I should tell them off for their own good.*
Yuuji: Hey, idiots! Did you put down a blanket at least!?
???: ...Huh?
Narration: *I'd been expecting a half-naked couple tangled together, so I'm surprised to find Matsushima Michiru all by herself.*
Narration: *To think she'd be brazenly pleasuring herself in broad daylight... she must be even more starved for a thrill than I imagined. This girl is a genuine pervert.*
Yuuji: I see. So you weren't a mere tsundere after all. You were, in fact, a sexually frustrated, perverted tsundere.
Michiru: Hey, who are you calling a pervert!?
Yuuji: I'm actually relieved in a way. You may be twisted, but at least you've found a path to follow. Keep at it.
Michiru: Don't put your hands on my shoulders and smile! I don't get it! What's twisted? My neck?
Yuuji: No, your head seems to be on relatively straight today.
Michiru: It's always on straight, jerk!
Yuuji: Hrm. Listen, I'm telling you that I have respect for your deviant spirit. You're a first-class pervert.
Michiru: Appearing out of nowhere and calling me a pervert? Isn't that a little rude?
Yuuji: That said, comforting yourself outdoors without a thought for your surroundings? I think you may have crossed a line or two.
Michiru: Comforting? I'm not really depressed or anything.
Yuuji: Hm?
Michiru: Hmm?
Michiru: Anyway, I'm not a pervert! Not that it's any of your business! Stuuupid!
Narration: *I was pretty sure Michiru had been pleasuring herself, but from this reaction it seems I may have been mistaken.*
Narration: *Of course, there's a good possibility she's deceiving me out of sheer embarrassment, but I'm a kind enough human being to sympathetically pretend otherwise.*
Yuuji: I see. Sorry. Well, either way, I'll pretend not to have seen this.
Michiru: Why would you do that?
Yuuji: Alright, let's say it was rehearsal for a "play." A play in which you're attacked by a hoodlum. Your mouth keeps saying no, but your body says yes. Sound about right?
Michiru: There's no way I'd do something like that!
Yuuji: Okay, so your body keeps saying yes, but your mouth says no?
Michiru: That's the exact same thing! If someone attacked me I'd just say no! Across the board!
Yuuji: What!? Isn't a tsundere supposed to accept rape with grim resolve!?
Michiru: Of course not! How did you even come up with that crazy interpretation?
Yuuji: Well, I'd heard that a tsundere is a woman who says no when she means yes.
Michiru: You talk like a dirty old man. When a girl says no, she almost always means it, you know? And the guy does NOT get to decide otherwise.
Yuuji: I see. The tsundere is more complex than I thought.
Michiru: Right, it's complex. But I'm a Natural Born Tsundere, so it's all a piece of cake to me.
Yuuji: Piece of cake, eh.
Michiru: Piece of cake.
Yuuji: Boom. 
Michiru: Boooom.
Yuuji: By the way, what's that black bushy thing you've got hidden there?
Michiru: Whaaat!? But I got rid of it!
Yuuji: Got rid of it? Look to your left.
Narration: *This time Michiru seems to have misunderstood something, so I point to her side. There's some sort of black lump of hair partially visible.*
Michiru: Huh!? Ah, yeah, right. It's a real problem. This guy followed me all the way home.
Cat: Meooow.
Michiru: Hehe, he seems to like me. I dunno what to do.
Narration: *The lump of fur stretches grandly, revealing its identity. It was in fact a small black cat.*
Narration: *The black cat coils around Michiru's legs, purring loudly. Unlike your average rotund housecat, it's a bit scrawny, and its hair is dirty and shaggy.*
Yuuji: Did he really follow you? It looks more like you carried him here.
Michiru: Wh-What makes you say that?
Yuuji: Cats don't follow people around unless they're very used to human company.
Yuuji: I can't imagine an animal that's careless enough to casually follow some random blond around would survive long in the wild.
Michiru: He followed me home! It's true!
Yuuji: You bribe it with food?
Michiru: N... Nuh-uh.
Yuuji: Hrm. In that case, maybe it followed you instinctively. Immaturity might be a factor.
Michiru: ...Hold on just one second, who's the "immature" one supposed to be?
Yuuji: Sakaki.
Michiru: Sakaki, huh.
Michiru: So anyway, I thought I should put this guy back where he came from. It's not like I can keep him in the dorm, right? You will help me out, of course?
Yuuji: No.
Michiru: Whaaaaaaat!?
Yuuji: Why do I have to play house with you? Do it yourself.
Michiru: Uggh. Look, didn't anybody ever teach you to be nice to girls?
Yuuji: Anybody? Like who?
Michiru: Somebody, that's who! Who cares who...? Fine, I'll say it. I'll tell you myself, right now. Be nice to girls!
Yuuji: No.
Michiru: Whaaa! Are you for real? Come on!
Yuuji: You can handle a single cat on your own. There's nothing for me to help with. If you were in serious trouble I'd lend a hand, but you shouldn't rely on others for every little thing.
Michiru: ...You're cold as ice. Unbelievable. Un-bee-lee-va-bull.
Yuuji: Baboon.
Michiru: Baboooon.
Yuuji: Alright then. You put that thing back where you found it. Bye.
Michiru: Hold it! Is that, you know, really all you have to say!? Not even the tiniest bit of kindness!?
Yuuji: You're really hopeless. Very well. In recognition of your empty head, loose morals, and general incompetence, I'll give you a hint.
Michiru: Thanks!
Yuuji: Are you aware that cats hate certain scents? Citrus in particular. If you have something like that, it'll drive him off in no time.
Michiru: Yeah, I've heard that, but what should I... Ah! Uhm, my shampoo is grapefruit scent!
Yuuji: That's it! In other words, your twintails are soaked with cat repellent. If you dangle them in front of that vile black feline, there's no doubt he'll flee!
Yuuji: Alright, this mission is designated "The Battle of the Bulge, Cat Edition." Engage the enemy at once!
Michiru: Huh? H-How do I do that!? Uhm, he's not vile!
Yuuji: As of this moment, I'm designating that plastic ornament on the right side of your head "Alpha," and the plastic ornament on the left "Bravo." First, get Alpha in front of the cat!
Michiru: P-Plastic orna...?
Yuuji: Shut up and move! Alpha, forward! Attack!
Michiru: Attacking!_L-Like this?
Yuuji: Yes. Right face!
Michiru: Vwoosh!
Yuuji: Now, quickly rotate. Support unit Bravo, to the front! Alpha, take rear guard!
Michiru: *Swishswishswish*
Yuuji: Good, the target's losing his will to fight! Finish him off with Charlie!
Michiru: Wait! What!? Who's this Charlie all of a sudden!?
Yuuji: That tuft sticking up out of your head, obviously! Begin vibrating it at once!
Michiru: This? This is Charlie?_ H-Hiyaa! *Wigglewigglewigglewiggle*
Yuuji: With feeling!
Michiru: *Wigglewigglewigglewigglewigglewiggle!*
Cat: Meoow.
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Is he on me?
Yuuji: He is indeed.
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Hey... you have anything to say about this?
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Analysis complete! Abnormal perspiration, animal on head, eyes like a dead fish. The above three points conclude my observations!
Michiru: Arrggh, that's not what I meant! How about an apology for making things even worse!? Why did it turn out like this!?
Yuuji: Because your head looked comfortable?
Michiru: That's not what I'm asking! Forget about driving him off, he's actually gotten friendlier!
Yuuji: Hrm. True, the operation has failed. Retreat!
Michiru: Don't friggin' retreat! Take responsibility!
Yuuji: God, you're hard to please. Guess I'll have to bring out my "trump card." Hold your current position, I'll go get a bucket and water.
Michiru: Wa-Wa-Wa-Wait a second! What did you just say?
Yuuji: I'm getting a bucket. And water.
Michiru: Why!? Why would you do that!? How can you even say such a cruel thing!?
Yuuji: Cruel thing? Did you think I was going to dump water on the cat?
Michiru: Huh? Then, what are you going to do?
Yuuji: Sit on the bucket, drink the water, and take a break.
Michiru: Why are you slacking off all of a sudden!? A water break!? Are you stupid!?
Yuuji: !!
Yuuji: Did you just... make light of... water breaks!?
Yuuji: You maggot, are you underestimating the horrors of dehydration!? By the time your body is asking you for water, it's already too late! Regular, moderate fluid intake is absolutely crucial!
Michiru: No, I know that... that's not what I was calling stupid. So, uhm, don't get all worked up...
Yuuji: Oh. S-Sorry. Couldn't help myself. Well then, I'll be getting that bucket, so standby.
Michiru: Screw standing by, hurry up and do something about this. I don't want to get a reputation as a cat lady!
Cat: Meooow?
Yuuji: The shoe fits.
Michiru: Shaddup!
Yuuji: No, seriously. It seems to have taken to you quite a bit. If you want to drive it off, maybe sprinkling water on it really is the best option?
Michiru: !!
Yuuji: You do want to drive off the cat as soon as possible, right?
Michiru: Y-Yeah, but you absolutely can't do something that mean!
Yuuji: It's just a stray cat, so I think I can. I'll get the water.
Michiru: Dooon't! That's too mean to Kittymeow!
Yuuji: Hm?
Michiru: Ah...
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: .........
Michiru: .........
Yuuji: Kitty... meow?
Michiru: I didn't say that! I didn't say anything like that!
Michiru: More importantly, hurry up and do something about this guy!
Yuuji: Right. Splashing water from a bucket it is, then.
Michiru: That's absolutely not allowed! It's too mean to Kittyme... uh, this cat!
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: ...Wh-What?
Yuuji: Is that his name?
Michiru: Is what whose name?
Yuuji: Is that the name you gave the cat?
Michiru: I have no idea what you're talking about!
Yuuji: I'm asking whether you gave this animal that ridiculous name! Answer me!!
Michiru: No! I didn't say that, and I didn't give it a name! Argh, get off my back!
Yuuji: Bumo.
Michiru: Bumomo.
Michiru: Hey! Why do you keep making me say these weird nonsense words at random points in the conversation?
Yuuji: Oh-hoh, you caught on. I noticed this habit you have of repeating short phrases, so I was experimenting to see how far you'd go with it.
Michiru: Don't experiment on me! I'm busy. I have an animal on my head!
Yuuji: Pushuu.
Michiru: Push... didn't get me!
Yuuji: Hrm. Intriguing. By the way, that Kittymeow of yours has been licking your Charlie vigorously for a while now.
Cat: *Slurp* *Slurp* *Slurp *Slurp*
Michiru: Noooo, don't lick it! Not my Charlie!
Yuuji: ...Shall I drive it off?
Michiru: Uggh, please, but don't use water, anything but that.
Yuuji: Understood. All right, here we go.
Cat: Meow.
Narration: *As I take my first step forward, the cat leaps off Michiru's head and runs off somewhere.*
Narration: *It's a bit anticlimactic, but I've fulfilled Michiru's request.*
Michiru: ......
Narration: *And yet Michiru's glaring at me in apparent displeasure. You'd almost think she didn't really want me to scare the cat off.*
Yuuji: Good for you, he ran off.
Michiru: ...Thanks.
Yuuji: You don't look particularly happy.
Michiru: T-That's not true. Aaah, much better, much better. Who wants a stupid cat hanging all over them? I'm more of a dog person, frankly!
Narration: *As Michiru speaks, she's gazing fixedly in the direction where the cat disappeared, her expression wistful.*
Yuuji: ...That's a shame.
Michiru: ...Yeah. Yeah. It's a real... Hey, no it isn't! Ahh, cats are lame! Like, sooooo lame!
Yuuji: That aside, I'd consider thinking a little harder next time.
Michiru: About what?
Yuuji: The name. Kittymeow is a bit...
Michiru: Aahhh! I'm so happy that cat's gone! Well then, how shall I amuse myself today? TralaLAR!!
Narration: *Even as Michiru spits out those strained words, she's walking off in the direction the cat disappeared. She's clearly gotten attached to it.*
Narration: *Why hesitate to admit she's fond of the thing? Why not just be honest about it? Maybe there's something else going on here.*
Narration: *Then again, expecting a deeper reason from a girl who named a cat "Kittymeow" might be a little too optimistic. And as mysteries go, that "TralaLAR" as she left also qualifies.*
Narration: *Although it seemed like nothing more than a bizarre shriek... perhaps it's a special cipher that will reveal a coherent message when parsed with a certain algorithm...?*
Yuuji: ...Don't think so.
Narration: *I mumble to myself in self-derision.*

Date: *June 18, 2011, 04:43*
Narration: *―Habits are persistent things. Even when your circumstances change, they tend to stay with you.*
Narration: *Take mealtimes, for example. I eat at seven in the morning, twelve in the afternoon, and seven in the evening. If you know the time, you know how full my stomach is.*
Narration: *My sleep patterns are even easier to understand. Unless I'm working or have something to do, my eyelids naturally grow heavy after 10 PM, and I'm asleep by 11 PM at the latest.*
Narration: *And even if I don't set an alarm, my eyes open every morning to find the clock reading 4:45 AM.*
Narration: *After spending 15 minutes half-asleep in bed, I slowly rouse myself and apply the eyedrops I keep cool in the refrigerator.*
Narration: *Next, I drink a bottle of oolong tea, replenishing the fluids I lost through sweating in my sleep.*
Narration: *A quick check of the weather outside my window, and I change into my sweats and head out for my daily run.*
Narration: *These are more "rules" than habits for me at this point.*
Narration: *Today, as usual, I alternated jogging with wind sprints, responding to the echo of the drill instructor's whistle inside my head.*
Narration: *But at this very moment, outside my empty dorm room, a far from routine incident was beginning to take shape...*
Narration: *I was heading back to my room after my run, planning on a quick shower and some breakfast, when I noticed something unusual.*
Narration: *Suou Amane was skillfully moving her slippered feet down the stairs, careful not to make the slightest sound.*
Narration: *The instant I saw her movements, precisely those of an agent on an infiltration mission, I instinctively hid myself in the shadows. I'm now watching her every move.*
Narration: *"Suou Amane... that woman... could it be..."*
Narration: *There's a cold, sticky sweat on my forehead, and it's not the product of my daily exercise.*
Narration: *"Am I her target...?"*
Narration: *Amane's holding a key in her right hand.*
Narration: *Glancing cautiously around her surroundings, she moves to my door. She takes great care to unlock it with a gradual, silent movement.*
Narration: *"Just as I thought... it's my room..."*
Narration: *I consult my watch. It's still early morning. There's only one reason to sneak quietly into a man's room at this hour.*
Narration: *"...Assassination..."*
Narration: *I don't want to believe it. I don't want to believe that Suou Amane is an agent working for some unknown organization.*
Narration: *But now that I think back, there were a lot of things that didn't make sense.*
Narration: *She was aggressively friendly to me from our very first meeting, never showing a hint of embarrassment at pushing herself onto me. And yet she's never showed any particular interest in my past.*
Narration: *Just how convenient is that for me?*
Narration: *Her lack of interest in my past makes sense if she'd already received an overview of my background.*
Narration: *At a glance she's just your typical horny big-sister roleplayer, but that could be a front hiding a killing machine, a woman who takes lives as naturally as she draws breath...*
Narration: *I hadn't read her that way... but that's probably because I let down my guard. Unbelievably sloppy. If my master was alive, she'd knock me on my ass for this one.*
Narration: *"...A convenient woman like that is obviously too good to be true..."*
Narration: *But even as I reproach myself, my chest is burning with bitter sadness... *
Narration: *Oblivious to my silent regret, Amane eases my door open and begins to inch her way inside.*
Amane: ...Good morning...
Narration: *Amane speaks in a whisper. Probably a safeguard against the possibility that I'd awoken earlier than she expected. When there's no response, she continues to move into the room.*
Narration: *I quietly follow, concealing myself in the shadows to avoid alerting her to my presence.*
Amane: Hm? Huh? He's not here? Where'd he go off to...
Narration: *Of course, she finds my bed empty.*
Narration: *Amane looks around the room quickly, and after a moment opens the door to my bathroom and pokes her head in to continue her search.*
Narration: *...What exactly was she planning to say if I had been taking a shower...?*
Amane: ...Bah... What the heckkk, so much for my thrilling wake up kiss...
Narration: *...Say... what?*
Narration: *...Wait a second... Suou... Amane...*
Narration: *Did you seriously... sneak in here... for that idiotic―*
Narration: *...No, hold on...*
Narration: *Could she... have noticed my presence?*
Narration: *Is this all just a purposeful farce...?*
Narration: *...Suou Amane... you're a hell of a woman...*
Narration: *Very well... let's see just how long you can keep up this little act.*
Amane: ...But seriously, what a bleak room...
Narration: *Mind your own business. I'm working on it at my own pace.*
Amane: And yet it's still cluttered somehow... clothes all over the floor, a half-empty bottle of oolong tea just sitting there.
Narration: *They're going in the laundry later, anyway. And I was going to finish that after my run, okay?*
Amane: ...Ahh... I can't take this anymore. Let's just take care of this...
Narration: *...She's finally ready to lay her trap...?*
Narration: *―Or not. Amane picks up the bottle and starts to gather my scattered clothes from the floor.*
Amane: ...Hm? Huh? Is this just laundry he didn't bother to fold...? *Sniff* *Sniff*...
Narration: *For some reason, Amane unfolds the clothes in front of her face, buries her nose into them, and begins inhaling their scent.*
Amane: ...Smells like detergent, but... *Sniff* *Sniff*... hmm... *Sniff* *Sniff*... there's this weird stink, too... *Sniff* *Sniff*...
Narration: *Suou Amane... are you a dog...?*
Amane: Ah... crap... this scent is actually kinda nice... *Sniff* *Sniff*...
Narration: *...Or rather, a bitch in heat? Are you a pervert, Suou Amane?*
Amane: ......
Narration: *...Hey, what now? Why are you staring at my bed...?*
Narration: *Wait, you... don't tell me...*
Amane: ...Hiyaa!!
Narration: *"Hiyaa" yourself! Did you seriously just jump onto my bed!!?*
Amane: ...*Sniff* *Sniff*...*Sniff* *Sniff*... ahaha, it totally smells like sweat... *Sniff* *Sniff*... 
Narration: *And now... she's pressing her face into my sheets and snuffling loudly...*
Amane: *Sniff* *Sniff*... Aaah... geez... so smelly... *Sniff* *Sniff*... man-stink is... *Sniff* *Sniff*... too good...
Narration: *Don't stick your face in my bed! Don't shake your ass around! Don't stick your face in my bed AND shake your ass around! This girl really is a dog in human form...*
Amane: ...N... ah... this is bad... I'm getting... a lil' bit... dizzy...?
Narration: *If you press your nose against the covers and inhale over and over, of course you're going to get light-headed from lack of oxygen...*
Narration: *More importantly... is this what I think it is? If I'm reading this correctly―*
Amane: Ah... Yuuji-kun... don't... you can't... ah... mmm... *Sniff* *Sniff*...
Narration: *―This woman is, in fact, a horny big-sister roleplayer!*
Amane: Aaahn! You can't, Yuuji-kun! Stop! Restrain yourself!
Narration: *―Allow me to correct myself.*
Narration: *This woman is, in fact, a sex-crazed maniac (big-sister roleplayer)!!*
Yuuji: ...*Sigh*...
Narration: *Drunk on the "man-stink" that's apparently lingering in my bedsheets, Amane wriggles her body, breathing roughly through her nose.*
Narration: *But watching her shameful display, I feel more relieved than anything else.*
Narration: *At the very least, there's no assassin this stupid.*
Narration: *...Now that I think this over calmly, there's no way anyone would arrange such an elaborate assassination for me. A "traffic accident" would be more economical, and the cleanup after the fact much less troublesome.*
Yuuji: *Siiigghhh*...
Narration: *All that suddenly ridiculous tension I'd been filled with leaks out of my mouth. At this point, I finally notice that I'm very thirsty.*
Narration: *Moving relatively quietly, I open the door to my fridge and retrieve a large bottle of sports drink.*
Narration: *I twist the cap off and drink directly from the bottle, gulping down a mouthful of cold liquid.*
Narration: *As the chill soaks into my parched throat and the electrolytes course through my strained body, I realize just how worked up I'd been over nothing.*
Amane: ...Nn... Nnn... ah... no... not there... you can't...
Narration: *Within her fantasy, I've apparently begun to reach my hand toward Amane's underwear. She's very concerned about this, for some unclear reason.*
Narration: *At this rate, I'm going to get a lovely masturbation show free of charge. What to do...?*
Narration: *Maybe the gentlemanly thing would be to go back outside, then noisily pretend to "return?"*
Narration: *With that thought, I start to return my drink to the fridge. But just as I separate my mouth from the two-liter bottle, the liquid inside sloshes around vigorously, making a surprisingly loud sound.*
Amane: ...Who's there!?
Narration: *Unfortunately, that sound shatters Amane's delusion just as she's begun a slow, inviting wiggling of her hips. She springs up out of the bed, her eyes wide open.*
Amane: Ah... uhm... Yuuji... kun...?
Narration: *There's no time to hide. I'm standing there with a sports drink in my hand, staring at Amane, and she's staring right back.*
Amane: ...Uhm... h-how long have you been here?
Yuuji: For a while now.
Amane: Uhm... so, how long is that...? What was the first thing you saw...?
Narration: *If I honestly tell Amane that I saw the whole thing, she might be hurt...*
Narration: *Maybe I should be considerate and tell her I didn't see anything, but... at this point, that would be way too barefaced a lie...*
Narration: *So, the middle ground would be to say... I only saw the last part...?*
Yuuji: Hrm... let's see... I think it was "Aahn! You can't, Yuuji-kun!" Or maybe "Stop! Restrain yourself!"...?  
Amane: ......
Yuuji: Hm? What's wrong? You're sweating like crazy... You want some of this sports drink? I already took a swig, though.
Amane: ...Is...
Yuuji: ...Is?
Amane: Isn't watching quietly... kind of cruel...?
Yuuji: Why? Should I have sung a song to help you get in the mood?
Amane: Huh... wai... ge... no... noo... why? Huh? Nooooooooooooo!!
Narration: *Her legs buckling underneath her, Amane drops to the floor with a thud, covers her face with both hands, and breaks down in hysterical tears.*
Yuuji: ...Look, I'm the one who should be screaming here...
Narration: *Coming back to your room to find a woman about to pleasure herself in your bed... I don't remember learning an appropriate response to this particular scenario. *
Amane: Ugh... no way... Ah... Ah can't be a bride anymore...
Yuuji: Look on the bright side. At least things broke up before you started rubbing my pillow between your legs, right?
Amane: That's not remotely close to helping!! Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Yuuji: H-Hey! Amane!?
Narration: *Amane pushes past me and runs away screaming, still hiding her face in her hands. Although from the state of her ears, I can infer that it's bright red.*
Yuuji: ...What am I supposed to do with this woman...?
Narration: *It's hardly that big a deal.*
Narration: *But apparently I'm the only one that thinks so. A good hour later, it's time to go to school, but Amane's locked herself in her bathroom and shows no signs of emerging.*
Makina: Heeey, Ama-neeee, whassamatter? Your tummy hurt?
Amane: That's not it... just leave me alone...
Makina: Ya got diarrhea? Amoebic dysentery?
Amane: No... I just want to be alone for a while...
Makina: Oh, so maybe it's not comin' out at all? Ya constipated?
Amane: I said that's not it... just go away...
Makina: Ah... sorry. Your period...? I'll get the medicine, okay?
Amane: Listen... I said you're wrong.
Makina: ...Huh? Then... it's not comin' at all? D-D-D-D... Don't tell me you're givin' birth in there!?
Amane: I said that's not it, goddamn it!!
Narration: *Well, the exact details aren't any of my business, but it seems that Makina's persistent siege eventually convinced Amane to leave the bathroom.*
Makina: Geez, we're totally runnin' late because of Ama-nee. We gotta get a move on or we won't make it.
Amane: ...I said I'm sorry...
Yuuji: Don't be too harsh. Amane has her reasons.
Makina: Sorry, Onii-chan, we kept you waiting an' all... C'mon, Ama-nee, you apologize too.
Amane: ...S-Sorry...
Yuuji: Don't worry about it, this is almost my fault in a way.
Amane: ...Forget "almost," this is your fault!
Makina: Uh, what exac'ly happened...?
Yuuji: ...I'll tell you when you're a little older, Makina.
Amane: Don't ever tell her! Take it to the grave!! I'm begging you!!
Narration: *You can practically see the question mark floating over Makina's head as she tries to get a grasp on the situation. Meanwhile, Amane seems to be trying to get through this by force of will alone.*
Narration: *The three of us leave the dorm and begin to run toward our classroom.*
Yuuji: What's wrong, Makina? You're falling behind! Run!
Makina: Haa... haa... haa... aah! Geez! I hate runnin'! Ama-nee you dummyyy!!
Amane: Haa... haa... look, how many times do I have to apologize!? Haa... haa...
Yuuji: All right then Makina, I'll teach you a wonderful song that makes running more enjoyable!
Makina: Song? Whaat's thatt? What kinda songg?
Yuuji: It's called a running cadence. At my old school, we sung these all the time when we had to run. Repeat after me, got it?
Makina: Yeah!
Yuuji: Suou Amane's a bitch in heat―
Makina: Suou Amane's a bitch in heat～♪
Yuuji: Rolling around in a man's bedsheets―
Makina: Rollin' around in a man's bedsheets～♪
Amane: ...Wha... wait! This song...!!
Yuuji: Good for you!
Makina: Good for you～♪
Yuuji: Good for me!
Makina: Good for me～♪
Yuuji: M-mm gooood!
Makina: Mmm goooood.♪
Amane: Kyaaaaaa!! ST-ooO-PP!!
Makina: Huhhh? Why!? It's funnn!
Yuuji: Hrm... well then, shall we take a leisurely walk and sing some nice nursery rhymes instead?
Amane: Don't even think about it! You'll make things even worse!
Narration: *Although I'd been considerately trying to turn the whole incident into a joke so that we could laugh it off together, things didn't wrap up that neatly.*
Narration: *Makina enjoyed the cadence call more than I'd expected― *
Narration: *And when she got Sachi to join in a loud chorus during PE class that day, our classmates naturally started asking about the lyrics.*
Narration: *Amane's response was to hang her head deeply and vaguely mumble "Ahahahaha... I don't even care anymore." The smile on her face at that moment was truly hollow.*

Date: *June 18, 2011, 13:32 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: Come on, we decided to do this as a group! You're in too, Yumiko! Got it!?
Narration: *The moment I leave my room, I'm met with a shrill voice from the lobby.*
Yumiko: ...I didn't have any part in this alleged decision.
Michiru: E-Even so! Would it kill you to just go "H-Hmph! If you insist..." every once in a while, just to be nice!?
Yumiko: If "every once in a while" is enough, that means I can choose to decline today, doesn't it?
Michiru: Mggg, ggrrr... will you stop... picking at my words...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *From what I can gather, Michiru's trying to drag Sakaki into some sort of group event.*
Yuuji: So, do those two dislike each other after all?
Narration: *I ask Amane, who's watching the fight from the sidelines, to clear up a point of confusion.*
Amane: Hmm, I wouldn't go that far, but... You know, their personalities kind of clash.
Yuuji: I see.
Narration: *Michiru tries to bring things together as everyone's leader, while Sakaki avoids excessive contact with those around her.*
Narration: *It's only natural that these two would come into conflict pretty frequently.*
Yumiko: Let me be honest... at my age, I can't get very excited by the idea of playing dollies with you.
Michiru: Wha-!? L-Look, you... if you keep this up I'm gonna get really mad, okay?
Yumiko: That so... feel free. Maybe I'll show you a thing or two...
Michiru: H-Hmph! Wave that thing around all you want, it's not like I'm scared or anything...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Judging from the way she isn't backing down even with that box cutter in her face, Michiru's gotten a little heated herself.*
Yuuji: Shouldn't we stop this?
Amane: Probably. These two do argue all the time, but... Makina's starting to get scared.
Makina: Au, au...
Narration: *I look down to find Makina hiding behind Amane's back, watching the scene fearfully.*
Yuuji: If you want, I can try to calm them down...
Amane: Not necessary. We've got a powerful demon-lord on our side.
Yuuji: A demon-lord?
Amane: ...Alright Sacchan, you're up.
Sachi: Certainly.
Narration: *And so the fearsome demon-lord... or rather, Sachi, slowly advances toward her prey.*
Yuuji: You crazy? Sachi's obviously not cut out for this role.
Amane: Ahaha, I thought you'd say that.
Yuuji: No offense to Sachi... but when it comes to stopping an argument, I think you'd be more effective, Amane.
Amane: Yeah, so you'd think. But... it's actually quite the opposite.
Yuuji: There's a precedent?
Amane: Yep... I think this happened pretty soon after we'd gotten to the five members we had before you arrived...
Amane: Something very similar happened, and I did try to break it up... but in the end these two kept fighting as hard as ever.
Amane: So I tried asking Sachi, more out of desperation than anything else... and then―
Yuuji: She pulled it off?
Amane: Yep, and with a real bang. Makina and I couldn't believe our eyes.♪
Makina: Sacchin was so awesome back then!
Yuuji: ...This is a little hard to swallow, honestly.
Amane: Well, just keep watching. You'll get what I mean.
Yuuji: "Seeing is believing," is it?
Sachi: Uhm... Michiru-sama, Sakaki-san.
Michiru: Whaddaya want, Sachi? I'm kind of busy right now...
Yumiko: Same here. If there's something you need, save it for later.
Sachi: Uhm... I'm sorry, but this is a request from Amane-san. I'm afraid later won't quite work...
Michiru: More importantly, how about you put that dangerous thing away already...?
Yumiko: How about you reassess your way of thinking first?
Sachi: ...E-Excuse me! I have something to discuss with you two!
Yumiko: !?
Sachi: Uhm... you're making everyone worry. Could you please stop this fight?
Michiru: C-C... C'mon, Sachi. We weren't really fighting or anything. Right, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: Y-Yes... of course not... Matsushima-san.
Yuuji: What the hell is that...? She just asked them. And she did a crappy job of it.
Amane: And yet the effect was immediate, wasn't it?
Narration: *True, the wind has completely gone out of Michiru and Sakaki's sails.*
Makina: I'm sure Sacchin is makin' a... "NuOAaaaaaaaRgh" face at those two, dont'cha know...
Amane: What's with the Hiroshima accent all of a sudden?
Narration: *I see. So this is the nature of her "demonic powers."*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Michiru.
Michiru: Wahh!?
Narration: *Seeking further details, I capture Michiru as she totters away from the scene.*
Michiru: W-What do you want... all of a sudden...
Yuuji: Why did you stop arguing just now?
Michiru: Huh? Oh... you obviously haven't seen Sachi get serious yet. You wouldn't be asking otherwise.
Yuuji: Sachi has a "serious" mode?
Michiru: Yeah. You've heard the saying "if looks could thrill," right?
Yuuji: I've heard "if looks could kill," at least.
Michiru: Y-Yeah! That's another variation... Sachi's "serious" is exactly that.
Yuuji: In other words, when Sachi needs to... she can fire a glare powerful enough to kill?
Michiru: Exactly... Those eyes have 100,000 horsepower at minimum...
Narration: *Michiru continues to mumble to herself as she sits down on a nearby sofa.*
Yumiko: Komine-san... is just too much for me to handle sometimes...
Narration: *Sakaki, for her part, is unusually pale in the face.*
Amane: ...And this right here is the reason Sachi's our class rep, despite the fact that she looks the most timid out of all of us.
Amane: Because this place is basically a gathering of students with very strong "personalities," that role needs to go to someone who can make everyone else shut up and do as they're told when it's necessary.
Amane: And the one who can do that is Sacchan, not me. As you can see.
Yuuji: ...So it seems.
Amane: Sacchan is always saying "certainly" as she obediently takes on our requests, but...
Amane: For us, that word feels literally true. When Sacchan says it, it really does mean that the problem will definitely be solved.
Yuuji: You really place a lot of trust in Sachi's abilities.
Makina: Fer sure. If you get Sacchin mad, I don't think it'd be pretty, ya know! "Rooooarrr!!" an' all that.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *It seems like I may have been underestimating Sachi.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes?
Yuuji: There's more to you than meets the eye. That was pretty impressive.
Sachi: ...T-Thank you very much.
Amane: ......
Amane: All right then. It looks like Sakaki-san's in a cooperative mood now, so let's go ahead and start the board game tournament!♪
Yuuji: Have fun. Don't worry about the noise, I'm the type who can sleep next to train tracks.
Amane: What are you talking about? You're not going anywhere, Yuuji-kun.
Yuuji: ...What?
Michiru: Like I said, everyone's playing. Which obviously includes you, duh!
Yumiko: I was drafted into this against my will myself... You see where I'm going with this, right?
Makina: That's how it is. Right, Sacchin?
Sachi: Indeed.
Yuuji: ...Hrm.
Narration: *They'd been going at it like cats and dogs just moments ago, but all of a sudden it's an utterly united front.*
Narration: *Might be a little late in the game to realize it, but I seem to have ended up in a pretty troublesome school.*

Date: *June 18, 2011, 14:30 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: Haa, haa... No matter how many times I've done it, whenever I mix Solution A with Solution B my hands tremble...
Michiru: Aau, just imagining that throbbing pain in my scalp makes me want to cry. But if I don't do this, the color... won't stay this beautiful blond...
Michiru: It burns with the fire of a thousand suns, but it must be done, Michiru. I shall overcome...
Michiru: Aah, right, dab on the cream to protect my skin first...
Michiru: H-Here we go.
Michiru: Now, to put it on my head...
Michiru: Hga!!!
Michiru: Gih, gnyaaaaaaaaaa!!
Narration: *―Although it's not uncommon to hear someone who acts in bizarre or stupid ways derided as a "space alien," as a general rule, the aliens I've seen in movies possess advanced intelligence surpassing humanity's.*
Narration: *In some they're even depicted as virtual gods, manipulating genetic sequences to control human evolution.*
Narration: *Do aliens exist? If you ask scientific authorities on the subject, they'll tell you "in all likelihood, yes."*
Narration: *But just as the children's eyes begin to sparkle, the scientists tack on a malicious afternote: "not that they're anything like what you're thinking."*
Narration: *Even if we do find some alien water flea wriggling around on a distant planet, I can't imagine it will inspire too passionate a response from the general public.*
Narration: *The people don't want a rip-off like that for their ET. What they want is a simple, by-the-book "alien."*
Voice: Gih, gnyaaaaaaaaaa!!
Narration: *Although I've experienced a wide range of auditory stimuli in my time, this is quite the ear-splitting shriek.*
Narration: *There's considerable distance between me and the source, so there's no damage to my eardrums. But if I had to approach, I'd need to prepare myself a pretty decent set of earmuffs.*
Narration: *Compared to the 120 decibels produced by the engine of a civilian aircraft, this is no match in pure volume. But when you consider the sheer unpleasantness factor, it's a pretty competitive match.*
Makina: Aah, here we go again.
Yuuji: Again? Mind explaining what's going on?
Makina: Welp, that's th' sound of Chiruchiru's ceremony. Once this starts, it keeps goin' for a while.
Yuuji: How long is a while? Several days? Weeks?
Makina: It's not on that scale. Even Spain's Tomato-Fight Festival only goes for an hour, ya know? Anyway, it's long enough.
Yuuji: What exactly is that woman doing? Other than shrieking like a banshee.
Makina: I dunno that either. Th' "Chiruchiru's an Alien" theory seems most probable.
Makina: I'd guess she needs ta yell like a freak to contact th' mothership. Well, it's a kind of ritual.
Yuuji: Communicating with the stars, eh. I see. Plausible. That woman is definitely a little out of the ordinary.
Makina: Yep, just a lil' bit. 'Specially the contents of her cranium.
Yuuji: I don't think you should necessarily talk.
Makina: True, true. I shouldn't talk. Nes-see-sary-lee. Hm?
Yuuji: Hrm. I'm somewhat interested in the nature of this ceremony. Let's take a look.
Makina: I don't wanna see Chiruchiru like that, so I'll pass.
Yuuji: Like that? Like what exactly?
Makina: I-I can't explain it with words... you'll hafta see it with your own eyes!
Yuuji: I see. Then I'll do just that.
Narration: *As I approach Michiru's room, I notice a strange stench in the air.*
Yuuji: This is foul. Some kind of gas?
Narration: *The membranes of my nose twitch in response. My body recalls the tension it's known in the field.*
Narration: *I did receive training to retain the capacity for action even when caught in a cloud of tear gas, but...*
Narration: *Doesn't matter how much training you have. The irrepressible coughing and running nose, the pain in your eyes, and the irritation of your skin will always lower your effectiveness.*
Yuuji: No, my mistake. This isn't gas. I thought it might have been dispersed pepper spray, but that seems to have been a misjudgement. The odor is terrible, but it's not dense enough to affect my―
Michiru: Gyaaaaaaaaa!! Auauuuuuauuuuuaaaaaaa!
Yuuji: What's this? The "ceremony" Makina was talking about?
Michiru: It huuuuuuuuuuuuurts, it huuuuuuuurts!
Yuuji: It hurts? What's that supposed to mean? This ceremony... don't tell me it involves human sacrifice!?
Narration: *When you think of human sacrifice, the Mayan civilization is what comes to mind. In order to offer tribute to the god of the sun, it's said they would paint a human being blue and gouge out their still-beating heart.*
Narration: *But ceremonies like that should have been ancient history by now, and in the first place, we're in Japan here, you know!?*
Yuuji: It's hard to believe, but if Michiru happens to have painted her body blue... then it's bingo.
Yuuji: Wha! She's emerged!?
Narration: *I immediately tumble my way across the hall with a skillful shoulder roll, hide myself in the shadows, and silence the sound of my breath.*
Michiru: Uuu, uuuuu, uuuuuu!
Yuuji: !!
Michiru: Uaauuu. Uauuuuu!
Narration: *In this moment, I know fear. Not the fear of death or the fear of darkness; this is, in fact, a variety of terror completely new to me. To explain its nature concisely:*
Yuuji: Wh... What the hell IS this?
Narration: *Michiru's body was not, in fact, dyed blue. ―Which is all well and good, but rolls of cling wrap are draped all around her head. From inside, a mysterious sap drips out in globs.*
Narration: *Just as Makina said, Michiru's eerie, irregular movements are reminiscent of a space alien. This must be the particular variety of terror that accompanies a close encounter of the third kind.*
Narration: *"If I'm discovered, all bets are off." It's that sort of fear.*
Michiru: Auau... auuuuu...
Narration: *Michiru wanders around the hallway with vacant eyes. Her cries are truly bizarre. Is she receiving a message? Or could that shriek itself be her transmission to the stars?*
Michiru: Awawawawawawawa, awawawawa, abyabyabyabyabya!
Narration: *Michiru draws near. Her lips are trembling violently, and her eyes seem to have rolled back in her head.*
Michiru: Anyanyanyanyanyanyanya.
Narration: *She passes my hiding place and wanders off somewhere. It's been a long time since I wished so desperately from the bottom of my heart "please, don't find me."*
Yuuji: She's left a slimy trail behind her... like a slug...
Narration: *I'd thought she was nothing more than a tsundere wannabe. To think she'd conduct such a mysterious ritual... Clearly, I need to handle her with more caution.*
Yumiko: ...What on earth are you doing, lying flat on the ground in a place like this?
Yuuji: Hm, if it isn't Sakaki. Let me ask you instead, what are you doing standing up like that? As for me, I was just taking evasive action in response to a certain crisis.
Yumiko: A crisis? That so. Sounds rough.
Narration: *I stand up, brushing off the dust my clothes picked up during my roll across the floor.*
Yuuji: Incidentally, what are your thoughts on extraterrestrial life? I know it's a difficult question, but I want to organize my own thoughts on the matter. Please let me hear your opinion.
Narration: *Sakaki answers my sudden question without hesitation.*
Yumiko: Let's see. Next year, I expect our battle against the stars will be getting underway.
Yuuji: What?
Yumiko: The first contact from outer space arrives in an unexpected way. First come the omens, then the moment of their arrival.
Yumiko: Driven by fear of the unknown, humanity's caution triumphs over its capacity for understanding. The result: the people choose to take up arms. All so they can sleep better at night.
Yuuji: A battle for survival, huh. Sometimes there's no room for any other choice. And there's an old saying: "The first blow is half the battle."
Yumiko: But then again, in Napoleon's words: "The battle lies in the last five minutes."
Yuuji: I see where you're going with this.
Yumiko: The war of the worlds ends in the defeat of the human race. Choosing violence as an escape from fear is our final mistake. Or so the novel wraps things up.
Yuuji: Novel? Oh. We were talking about a book?
Yumiko: Of course we were. What do you expect me to say when you ask me about aliens out of nowhere?
Yuuji: I see. My bad.
Yumiko: It's not really a problem. However, please try to refrain from crawling your way through the hallways from now on.
Narration: *Hrm. Crawling, is it...? True, the low-crawl they teach every SDF grunt is a method of advancing with your body pressed flat on the ground, so it's not surprising you'd see it that way.*
Narration: *But I didn't advance even a single meter, now did I? Your powers of observation are still lacking, Sakaki Yumiko, my friend. That was what we call "the prone position."*
Sachi: Uhm, is it true that we'll be having a war of the worlds next year?
Yuuji: Oh, it's Sachi. What, you were listening?
Sachi: I'm sorry. I didn't intend to eavesdrop, but I happened to overhear.
Narration: *Sachi's anxious expression suggests she took my conversation with Sakaki completely seriously.*
Yuuji: I'd say that depends on the contents of Michiru's reports. If she really is sending transmissions into space, their contents will decide our fate.
Sachi: Michiru-sama is in communication with the galactic community? I wasn't aware.
Yuuji: Humankind ravages nature and slaughters innocent animals to eat their corpses. If the aliens learn of our savage ways, we won't get off easy. If you want, we can go watch the crucial moment together.
Sachi: Yes, please allow me to accompany you.
Michiru: Auu AaaauuUuu, auuuuuu!
Yuuji: There, you see? Hey, careful. Get any closer and you'll be in danger.
Sachi: Wah. Although this isn't the first time I've seen her like this, it's as shocking as always.
Yuuji: Listen, observe with caution. Can you see how her eyes have rolled back?
Sachi: Yes, they have indeed.
Yuuji: Probably a sign she's under the control of the mothership.
Sachi: The mothership... Kazami-san, your powers of perception continue to amaze me.
Yuuji: Well, it's only a hypothesis for the moment.
Michiru: Hinn! Hiin! Hinn! Hiiiiiiinn!!
Sachi: What is this? Her body is twitching rather violently.
Yuuji: She may well be fighting with someone in the spirit world. But in the end, we're merely spectators. We can do nothing but watch over her battle.
Sachi: To think Michiru-sama was in such a terrible predicament all along. I was utterly ignorant of her struggle.
Yuuji: Then again, we can also interpret this in a very different way.
Sachi: To be specific?
Yuuji: That's... a dance.
Sachi: A dance...?
Yuuji: At a glimpse, it may look like she's going into convulsions. But there's also the possibility that she's simply working on her moves.
Sachi: Practice for a liquid-dripping-from-your-head dance... Michiru-sama's style is quite "unique."
Yuuji: If you think of it as a modern dance expressing her inner self, I'd say this is actually pretty spot on.
Sachi: But I must say, I had no idea she was an expert in the field. I haven't seen her dance particularly often...
Yuuji: Amane didn't pick up those cooking skills in a day, either. Expertise is the result of hidden dedication to your craft.
Yuuji: In other words, Michiru is sowing the seeds here and now for the future flowering of artistic accomplishment.
Michiru: Hiiiiiiiiiin! Aauuu, auuuu!
Sachi: What a desperate face... I'm filled with admiration for Michiru-sama's dedication. I can't wait for the day I can see her beautiful modern dance bloom.
Amane: Hey, you two look pretty friendly. What are you doing?
Yuuji: Shh, keep it quiet!
Sachi: We were just appreciating Michiru-sama's dance rehearsal.
Amane: Dance? Let's see...
Michiru: Hinhin! Hiin! Hinhin!!
Amane: Ah, it's just her normal routine. That time again?
Yuuji: Doesn't it just bring a tear to your eye?
Amane: W-Well, I guess. But it's also kind of freaky, so I think I'll be going now.
Yuuji: Don't you understand the magnificence of those movements!? These steps express the terror of an invasion from outer space! Truly avant-garde.
Amane: What steps!? She's just writhing in pain!
Yuuji: Philistine. To think your frigidity would extend to the fine arts as well.
Amane: H-Hey, hold on a second. What's "as well" supposed to mean? I'm not frigid!
Yuuji: Oh. Really?
Amane: What the heck... Hmph!
Sachi: Amane-san has taken her leave.
Yuuji: What a sad human being. Can't even appreciate this work of art. Or whatever it is, since I'm basically just making stuff up here.
Sachi: I see.
Yuuji: Okay, we bored yet?
Sachi: No, I'm still willing to continue watching.
Yuuji: I see, you're passionate. I'm bored. Frankly, I got bored about two minutes in.
Sachi: Is that so. In that case, I think I'll restart my cleaning.Please excuse me.
Yuuji: Good work. If you observe any dramatic changes with Michiru, make sure to report them to me.
Sachi: Yes!
Narration: *As I'm leaving, it occurs to me that Michiru's movements are also similar to those of a zombie. If that woman is in fact one of the undead, I suppose I'll have to put a bullet in her head.*
Narration: *Compared to walking the earth as the living dead, I'm sure she would want it that way.*
Michiru: Auauauauauauauauauau!

Date: *June 19, 2011, 15:28 - Mishima Cape - Station Area*
Narration: *―When you take a walk like this, you realize just how wide a range of shops there is in this town.*
Narration: *Just for food, we've got butchers, fishmongers, greengrocers, and convenience stores. There's even two large supermarkets on either side of the station.*
Narration: *In the town I was living in before, there was of course a shopping area, and its scale was adequate to avoid any problems in my daily life, but―*
Narration: *It was overall a pretty compact district, and most of the stores were small family-owned businesses. Doesn't even bear comparison to what you find in a town fairly close to the metropolitan area, like this one.*
Narration: *I don't intend to estimate the wealth of the town by its facade alone, but―*
Narration: *Looking at the number of chic retailers of clothes, jewelry, and other non-essential luxury goods, you'll naturally get an idea of this place's relatively high-class population.*
Narration: *...So, as for what I'm currently doing in this affluent town: I had been on my way to buy curtains for my windows, heading to a hardware store Amane told me about.*
Narration: *"Had been."*
Narration: *Yeah, past tense.*
Narration: *I noticed a certain "abnormality" about ten minutes ago. Specifically, someone was on my tail.*
Narration: *I'd thought my imagination might have been acting up at first, but when I abruptly changed my course just to be safe, they came charging after me in a panic. There's no way this is a coincidence.*
Narration: *There are three pursuers. Since they're following me in a group, rather than dispersed individually, it's incredibly easy to tell.*
Narration: *Pretending to look into the show window of a watch shop along the street, I casually glanced at their faces―*
Narration: *But they weren't familiar in the slightest, and for a group with a grudge against "my workplace," they seemed far too sloppy and dimwitted. Basically, they just looked like a bunch of juvenile delinquents.*
Narration: *Although naughty lads like this exist in any town, it feels like you actually find more of them in well-off places like this. And they tend to be of a particularly ugly variety.*
Narration: *They say "the poor can't afford manners," but I find that living in a place where everything you need is dropped in your lap tends to twist people in its own way. Forget about hard work and it's easy to fall into warped ways of thinking.*
Yuuji: ...Well then... what to do...
Narration: *What reason would they have for following me around...? Although I've been thinking it over for a while, nothing is coming to mind.*
Narration: *In which case, it would probably be best to ask them directly.*
Narration: *"Guess I'll lure them into some nice dark alley..."*
Narration: *Looking around my surroundings perfectly casually, I'm startled when something unexpected catches my eye.*
Makina: Ah! It's Onii-chan! Whatcha doin' here?
Yuuji: ...Shit...
Narration: *Why did she have to appear at this, of all times...?*
Makina: ...Whuh? Wha'ssamatter?
Yuuji: No, it's nothing. Are you alone? Where's Amane?
Makina: Yeah, I'm alone today. Women have times when they need to be alone, ya know?
Yuuji: Amane said that?
Makina: Nope. That was all me.
Yuuji: Cheeky girl...
Narration: *Well, what can I do about this shrimp...? At this rate, she might get mixed up in this...*
Narration: *I thrust my hand into the rear pocket of my school uniform and pull out three 10,000 yen notes, rolled up with a rubber band.*
Yuuji: ...It's hot today, isn't it. Makina, feel like some ice cream?
Makina: ...Uu? I can't eat it before dinner. Ama-nee will get mad.
Yuuji: What Amane doesn't know won't hurt her. I really want ice cream. Can you go buy some?
Makina: ...Uuu... but...
Yuuji: Please. I'll explain it to Amane so she won't get mad at you, okay?
Narration: *I take Makina's hand and forcibly close it around the 30,000 yen.*
Makina: ...I don't need this much money, ya know?
Yuuji: Really? Then go ahead and use the change to dabble in the stock market.
Makina: I don't think it's enough to buy any stocks...
Yuuji: Anyway, ice cream. Head over to the Baskin Robinson on the other side of the station. Make mine a Caramel Ribbon.
Makina: Then I'll grab a Raspberry Cheesecake an' Patpong Street Shower double!
Yuuji: Double or triple or whatever is fine. Get what you want.
Makina: I'm happy ta hear it, but I've got a very simple question first.
Yuuji: What?
Makina: Why aren't you comin' too?
Yuuji: Because I'm too embarrassed to go into that place. C'mon, get going.
Makina: ...Uuu... I'm feelin' a little dissatisfaction smolderin' in my chest, but... a good woman doesn't ask too many questions an' trouble her man, right?
Yuuji: Amane say that?
Makina: Yep, that's right.
Yuuji: Cheeky girl...
Makina: Then, I'll be goin'. Might take a bit, so please pass th' time with some pleasant chitchat.
Yuuji: ...With who...?
Narration: *While watching Makina trot off with the money clenched in her hand, I exhale slowly.*
Yuuji: ...*Sigh*...
Narration: *The bunch following me doesn't show any signs of chasing after Makina and her money... In other words, they're not after me for my cash.*
Narration: *If it's not a robbery, I guess that would leave a personal grudge or some sort of class resentment... Either way, not a particularly welcome situation.*
Yuuji: ...Well, whatever...
Narration: *After watching Makina disappear, I find an alley between a cleaners and a liquor store, and casually turn into it as if taking a shortcut.*
Man　A: ...Hey, where the hell did he go!?
Man　B: He run for it? Told ya so, I knew he was on to us...
Man　C: Quit flappin' your mouth and look for him! Christ, you guys are fuckin' useless!
Man　A: Haah? "You guys?" You talkin' to me? You think you're our leader or something? You want me to beat the shit out of you again? Huh?
Man　C: Yeah, I'm fuckin' talking to you! You sure got a big mouth over one lucky punch! What? You wanna go? C'mon. I'll take you on any time. Let's do this shit.
Man　B: Cut it, this ain't the time...
Yuuji: ...Hey there...
Man　A: Ah, wha, where the hell were you hiding!?
Yuuji: Hm? Aah, behind those beer cases. You need something?
Man　C: Hahah... wandering out all casual and askin' if we "need something?" This guy's just adorable.
Man　B: Hey, you. That's the Mihama Academy uniform, ain't it?
Yuuji: Yeah, it is. What about it...?
Man　C: A'right. Sorry, but we're gonna have to beat the shit of you!
Yuuji: Why would you do that?
Man　A: Ah? There ain't a fuckin' reason! Just felt like kicking your ass. Got the picture? Hmm?
Yuuji: Hey now... you're scaring me. Please stop, I can't stand violence.
Man　C: Aw, don't take it personal, yeah? We're just doin' our job.
Yuuji: ...Job...?
Man　C: Shut the fuck up already!
Narration: *In an apparent attempt to intimidate me, the man fires a flashy burst of sparks from the stun gun in his hand...*
Narration: *The discharge of electrical energy scorches particles of dust in the atmosphere. A burning smell fills the air, pricking the depths of my nose.*
Narration: *I close my eyes...*
Narration: *In the next moment, a siren rings out in my head.*
Narration: *I'm in pouring rain, pushing through the mud at my feet, the taste of iron spreading through my mouth; hiding my body from the light of the flares, a knife dyed black in my hand, swallowing down my heart as it tries to leap out my mouth.*
Narration: *If you want to protect something, first protect yourself.*
Yuuji: ...Hmph... it seems the time has come to make use of my "Super Self-Defense" technique...
Man　C: The hell? Look, jackass... just take it like a man and you'll get out of this alive, a'right? Hyahahaha!
Narration: *As the man raises his stungun and takes a fighting stance, I draw a huge breath into my lungs.*
Narration: *And wringing out my voice to the limit, I scream―*
Yuuji: Heeellllppppp meeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!
Man　A: Wha-! You! The fuck're you doing!?
Yuuji: Someone helpppppppppp!! Call the poliiiiiiceeeeee!
Man　C: Shit! Stop fucking screaming! You bastard!
Narration: *The man's stungun discharges a threatening pale bluish arc of electricity in my general direction.*
Narration: *I reach out and gently grasp his outthrust hand, as if trying to shake.*
Yuuji: Well, guess that's about what you'd expect...
Man　C: ...Aahn!?
Narration: *In this narrow alley, all three can't attack me at once.*
Narration: *Maybe he planned for this sort of cramped space, or maybe it's just a coincidence from prioritizing ease of concealment―*
Narration: *Either way, the iron pipe in the man with the black tank-top's hand is cut very short, not well suited for disabling me with a single blow.*
Narration: *That said, the guy next to him with the knife isn't much use either. It might look the most dangerous of the bunch at a glance, but a weapon like that is actually a hindrance if he's not planning to kill me.*
Narration: *In this situation, the flashiest, easiest to use weapon is also the most effective. The stungun can stop me dead with a single attack.*
Narration: *The ideal would be to fire off a single shot to eliminate my mobility and crush my fighting spirit, then have all three surround me and beat me senseless.*
Man　C: ...Hey! Asshole... ugh...! Get the fuck off me! You a fuckin' homo or something!?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Now that's just rude. I don't go around holding hands with men for the fun of it.*
Narration: *Though it looks like a casual light grasp, truth is I've got a hold on a "vital point" of the hand he's holding the stungun with.*
Narration: *When I put pressure on this exact spot, he can't push or pull as long as he's maintaining his grip.*
Narration: *If he were to pull back hard using the weight of his body, he could rip his hand free. But I'm controlling his center of gravity as well, so that's sadly not an option.*
Man　A: The fuck're you doing!? Hurry up and get him!
Man　C: ...Shit! Get off!
Yuuji: It's not like I'm grabbing you that hard. You're just like the monkey with his hand stuck in the jar. Might as well just drop the banana, right?
Man　C: ...Fuck...!!
Narration: *At my words, the man's firm grip on his stungun weakens for just an instant.*
Narration: *In the moment I feel the loosening of his proximal phalanx bones, I twist his wrist sharply upward and dig my thumb hard into the side of his hand.*
Man　C: ...Ngyaaaaaaaa!!!
Narration: *By first extending the joints of his wrist, then attacking them with the pinpoint pressure of my finger, I've completely disabled his ability to maintain a grip. The stungun slips out of his hand.*
Yuuji: ...Whoops...
Narration: *Catching the stungun as it falls from the man's hand, I jerk his arm upward to immobilize his elbow joint, then push him hard against the pile of beer cases stacked along the wall.*
Man　C: Aaarrrggghhhhhhhh!!!
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I mash the man's face against the beer cases while maintaining my incapacitating wrist hold. In the next moment, I push the stungun against the scruff of his neck and throw the switch without hesitation.*
Man　C: ...Uoh!?
Yuuji: One down...
Man　A: Bastard!!
Yuuji: Here, catch.
Narration: *As the next man raises his short iron pipe above his head like a hammer, I abruptly toss the stungun in his direction.*
Man　A: ...Uh!? Whoa!?
Narration: *The man reaches out in a panic to try to receive the stungun.*
Narration: *Been a while since I've seen such a bunch of clowns.*
Narration: *I kick my knee up sharply into his virtually defenseless abdomen.*
Man　A: ...Ugeeeh!!!!
Narration: *Instantly doubling over his belly in an instinctive attempt to protect the place he's been attacked, the man's chin sticks out as if begging to be kicked.*
Yuuji: ...Well, if you insist...
Man　A: ...Ugh...
Narration: *The air that was in the man's lungs squirts out through his nose as his eyes roll back in his head. He crumbles face-first onto the ground.*
Man　B: ...Ee...!
Yuuji: I'll give you two seconds. Drop the knife.
Man　B: S-Stay back! Get the fuck away from me!!
Yuuji: ...1...
Man　B: I-I'm sorry! I won't do anything! So...!
Yuuji: ...2...
Man　B: ...Ah... Waaaaah!!!
Narration: *The man throws the knife in his hand aside and stumbles backward in a blind panic, trying to escape.*
Yuuji: And where are you going?
Narration: *I quickly trample down on his foot from above, sealing his movement, then strike hard at the base of his throat with the joint of my right thumb.*
Man　B: ...Guaaaa!! Gahah...!!
Narration: *His throat crushed in the middle of a breath, the man's momentarily compressed trachea sticks shut under the inward pressure from his lungs, rendering breathing temporarily impossible.*
Man　B: ...Ka... a...gah!! A...!! Gg!!
Narration: *As the man claws desperately at his throat, his eyes bulge open wide and release a flood of tears. He falls with a thud onto his backside.*
Yuuji: ...I don't think we were done with our chat... you have to be a patient kid and listen to what others have to say, or you won't get any snacks, okay...?
Narration: *Glancing sidelong at the man as he grasps his throat with both hands and flails his legs on the ground, I crouch down and pick up the knife he tossed away.*
Yuuji: Well... if your throat happens to get cut, you won't be able to eat your snack anyway, I guess...
Man　B: A... gaha! S-Sto...! *Hack*... Guhhhhh...!!!
Yuuji: I've got questions. Would you be so kind as to answer?
Man　B: ...Ghhh... hee!! A... gah...!
Yuuji: What, can't talk? Want me to open a hole in your lung? It'll release that air pressure so you can breathe nice and easy.
Man　B: ...Ah!! Gg!!!!
Narration: *The man responds to my offer by violently shaking his head from side to side.*
Yuuji: Don't worry. You've got two perfectly good lungs. Getting a hole poked in one won't kill you.
Narration: *As I stand looking down on him with the knife in one hand, the man scrabbles desperately at the ground, trying to put some distance between us.*
Yuuji: ...Seriously, where do you think you're going...? You want me to make it physically impossible for you to run? Just answer my questions.
Man　B: I... I got... I got it! I'll... tell you... anything!!
Yuuji: First question. Who gave you the orders?
Man　B: ...???
Yuuji: One of you said this was your "job," right? But you didn't show any interest in a little girl with money in her hand... so this wasn't just a stickup.
Yuuji: Somebody asked you, right? To beat the shit out of me in particular.
Man　B: I-I don't know! That guy with the bandana got the job! Said they'd give us ￥300,000 if we got you!
Man　B: I just tagged along because he said I'd get 100,000... I didn't know shit, I swear!
Yuuji: ...Tch... Screwed up... Should've talked to him instead of you...
Narration: *Still grasping the knife in my hand, I glance back at the man with the bandana.*
Narration: *He's flat on the asphalt, his eyes rolled all the way back in his head, drooling from the mouth.*
Yuuji: Well... whatever. Next question. Did you come after me knowing who I am? Do you know my name?
Man　B: D-Don't know... just said, if there's a man in the Mihama Academy uniform around the station, teach him a lesson... That's all... Didn't give us a name... It's true!
Narration: *Well, that's as expected...*
Narration: *The first thing these guys asked me was about the Mihama uniform. That's evidence that they were targeting "a male Mihama Academy student" rather than "Kazami Yuuji."*
Narration: *That said... I'm the only male student at Mihama Academy at the moment.*
Narration: *So ultimately I was the specific target. But considering the bunch of clowns they sent, it's hard to think this has any connection to anyone with a grudge related to my "job." So who the hell... and for what reason...?*
Yuuji: ...First things first... doesn't seem like I'm going to get anything useful out of you, does it?
Narration: *In that case, might as well finish this one off, wake up bandana man and squeeze it out of him...*
Man　B: ...S-Stop... please! What are you doing!? Are you gonna kill me!?
Yuuji: Don't get so worked up. Rest assured, I don't kill people. ...Well... sometimes they might wish I had, by the time I'm through...
Man　B: ...Heee!!
Yuuji: ...What are you quivering about? You that scared to die?
Narration: *―I realize that I'm still gripping the open knife in my hand...*
Yuuji: ...Ah, my bad, I'll give this back later.
Narration: *I release the folding knife's lock and shut the blade away with a snap.*
Yuuji: But I'd recommend not carrying toys like this around. Having one on hand makes you want to use it.
Narration: *With something like this in your pocket, your mouth gets smarter. You start swaggering around picking stupid fights with people. And if you lose control, you end up doing something you can't take back.*
Narration: *He's probably just trying to look cool, but depending on a toy like this to prop up your ego seems more pathetic from where I stand.*
Policeman: What's going on here!!?
Yuuji: ...!!
Narration: *The blinding beam of a flashlight shines through the dim alley into my face, and I instinctively shield my eyes.*
Policeman: All of you get out of that alley right now! Don't try anything funny!
Yuuji: ...Yeah, yeah. No need to scream. I'm not an old man, my ears work just fine...
Policeman: ...What the! You again!?
Yuuji: That's my line. Have to say, though, the police force in this town really is pretty impressive... did you hear my scream?
Policeman: There was a report that someone was fighting here. I had a bad feeling about this, but I can't believe it really was you!
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean? Almost sounds like you think of me as "that guy who's going to cause trouble sooner or later." Talk about rude.
Policeman: Forget what it sounds like, that's exactly what I think. But I have to say, even I wasn't expecting you to pull something this soon. Anyway, you're coming to the station!
Yuuji: C'mon now, I'm the victim here, you know?
Policeman: Then what's that thing in your hand!? Drop the weapon! Don't even think about resisting!
Yuuji: ...Tch...
Narration: *I'm still holding the knife I took from the man in my hand.*
Narration: *Guess I won't be able to talk myself out of this one.*
Yuuji: ...Damnit, guess that's that...
Makina: ...Onii-chan? What's going on?
Narration: *Aah, and of course... she has to come back at this exact moment.*
Narration: *When I turn around, I find Makina standing behind me, ice cream cones in both hands.*
Policeman: Hmm? Who's this girl? Your younger sister?
Yuuji: No... I guess you'd call her my classmate.
Policeman: You... You make the girls at your school call you "Onii-chan!?"
Yuuji: ...Uh... well...
Narration: *For some reason... I've got the feeling this policeman's mental image of me is getting worse by the second.*
Policeman: Anyway! You're coming to the station!
Yuuji: Yeah, fine...
Makina: Onii-chan!!
Yuuji: Don't worry, it's not like I'm getting arrested. I'll be back as soon as I explain the situation, so you go ahead and head home.
Narration: *I drop a hand on Makina's head with a gentle thump, and use my other hand to take the ice cream cone she brought for me.*
Yuuji: Thanks for the ice cream...
Makina: Yeah...
Policeman: This girl was involved too, wasn't she? I'm not sure she can just leave...
Yuuji: I said I'd come, didn't I? She doesn't have anything to do with it. Go ahead, Makina.
Makina: ...Don't die...
Yuuji: I'm not going off to war. Don't make that face, I'll be back soon.
Makina: ...Uuu...
Narration: *When I give her back a light push, Makina slowly walks away, pausing several times to glance back at me.*
Narration: *After watching her disappear around a corner, I turn to face the policeman.*
Policeman: ...Hmph... talk about out of character...
Yuuji: Even I can be kind to children when the mood strikes me.
Policeman: That's not what I'm talking about. That thing.
Narration: *The policeman points at my hand, where I'm holding my Caramel Ribbon cone.*
Yuuji: ...Mind your own business.
Narration: *I sink my teeth into the ice cream Makina brought me.*
Date: *June 19, 2011, 16:35 - Mishima Cape Station - Interrogation Room*
Narration: *―And so, I find myself in this "sweatbox" for the second time.*
Narration: *Having been through this once already, I've gotten a little used to the place. While the uniformed cop was guiding me here, I looked around the station for familiar faces.*
Narration: *I noticed the young detective who interviewed me the other day slurping up soba noodles at his desk.*
Narration: *Trying to send a small message of apology for the last time, I smiled and bowed my head lightly in greeting. The young detective scowled back bluntly and spun his chair away from me, still clutching his bowl.*
Narration: *Possibly he's got some idea of my background now, as the gesture seemed to be saying "I've got no intention of playing nice with Ichigaya." Either way, it was a firm and unambiguous rejection. *
Narration: *With an attitude like that, it's no wonder the police rarely get any civilian cooperation these days. I nearly told him as much, but managed to swallow the words down with a smile.*
Narration: *Looking at things from his point of view, I'm definitely nothing but trouble.*
Narration: *If he sits down across from me again, I think I might as well come out and give him a vocal apology, at least.*
Narration: *But betraying my expectations, the person who enters the room is the sly-looking elderly detective I spoke with before my release last time.*
Elderly　Detective: ...Well, well, well, well... Kazami-san... you again...? 
Narration: *"Well x 4."*
Narration: *I don't know if it's a vocal tic or what, but this detective seems to enjoy repeating that word.*
Narration: *But this sort of guy just loves to play the slow-witted old man like that―*
Narration: *Then suddenly ask you "How many times did I say 'well' just now?" to probe how mentally focused you are on the conversation.*
Narration: *If you respond "don't know," having thrown you off-balance, he'll barrage you with sharp, to-the-point questions. This is the sort of old codger you can never let your guard down around.*
Yuuji: I was the victim of a unilateral assault. I didn't go looking to cause trouble. More importantly, have you ID'd the people who attacked me?
Elderly　Detective: Yes, quite easily. All three of them have prior records for larceny and assault, so we had them identified as soon as we took them in.
Yuuji: ...Who are they?
Elderly　Detective: And what would you do with that information if I gave it to you?
Yuuji: I'm not particularly looking for revenge, if that's what you're worried about.
Elderly　Detective: Hahaa, what then? Thinking about letting them into the gang if their background is right? That's a bit of a problem. Not to say that anyone would miss that bunch if they did suddenly fall off the face of the earth...
Elderly　Detective: But we're not running an employment agency here! Hahahahaha!
Yuuji: ...Just a bunch of thugs?
Elderly　Detective: Yes, I don't think I can argue with that description. One of them has some ties to local organized crime, but... hmm, well... on the whole, they're exemplary ordinary civilians.
Yuuji: ...Exemplary, huh...
Elderly　Detective: When compared to you people, that is.
Yuuji: You didn't need to spell that out.
Yuuji: And? They confess anything about why they attacked me?
Elderly　Detective: Yes, yes, they spit all that out nice and easy... but, well... how can I explain this... it's that "net murder" thing that's been all the rage lately...
Yuuji: Net murder...?
Elderly　Detective: Well, well, well, I'm not that familiar with all this myself, so my explanation may be a little lacking.
Elderly　Detective: It seems you can request a murder on certain message boards, and pay so-called "executioners" to carry it out as your representative.
Elderly　Detective: Well, not that many of them actually have the guts to ask for an actual murder. Seems like there are many requests to beat up on someone they've got a grudge against...
Elderly　Detective: Rarely ever goes above that level, or so I'm told.
Yuuji: So, they didn't have any idea of my background when they attacked me?
Elderly　Detective: Yes, we had a few of our youngsters take a look at the Internet message board in question, and it seems your name wasn't specified anywhere.
Elderly　Detective: Safe to say they went after you without any idea who you were.
Yuuji: ...Who placed the request?
Elderly　Detective: Well... can't say we know that much... but it seems their handle-name, or whatever you call it, was "Mao." Ring any bells?
Yuuji: Mao...? No idea... You couldn't trace the IP?
Elderly　Detective: Ah, right, not that I really understand any of that, you know?
Elderly　Detective: It seems our youngsters took a look in that direction... managed to get to the provider, or whatnot, but...
Elderly　Detective: Seems it was posted from a manga cafe. We did send over a few people just now.
Yuuji: ...Hmph...
Narration: *What kind of an idiot runs a public net cafe without restrictions on BBS posting in this day and age...? Regardless, I don't think there's much hope of finding the criminal among their customers... *
Elderly　Detective: Well, well, lately this net business has been all over the place. It's all Greek to a geezer like me.
Elderly　Detective: Haha... you know me, I just can't get with the programs! Ahahahaha!
Yuuji: ...That gag physically hurt... If this was America, I'd sue.
Elderly　Detective: ...Well, anyway, it's a scary world these days... please, do be careful out there, won't you?
Yuuji: Sorry for the trouble.
Narration: *Continuing this conversation isn't going to get me any more information. I lift myself up off the cheap folding chair.*
Elderly　Detective: Ah, Kazami-san? Please don't be so hasty, we still need you for a moment.
Yuuji: ...Hm? You've already got my statement, right?
Elderly　Detective: In regards to that. Are you looking to press criminal charges for assault and injury?
Yuuji: Not necessary. I haven't suffered anything except the loss of my time and energy.
Elderly　Detective: Well, that's probably wise... Kazami-san, you overdid it a bit. If they came back at you along the excessive self-defense line, things might get a little sticky, you know?
Elderly　Detective: If the cards fell wrong, it'd be a charge of brutality by a special public servant. And with your organization, I expect you'd be paying your own way through the courts, yes?
Yuuji: If they try suing me I'll have a little talk with my superiors. You did say nobody would miss them if they fell off the face of the earth, right?
Elderly　Detective: Ooh, very scary... but don't worry, I think I can wrap this one up neatly enough.
Yuuji: Sorry, I'd appreciate that. Next time I stop by, I'll bring a present.
Elderly　Detective: How about you don't stop by ever again? That'd be the nicest present of all! Hahahahaha!
Narration: *Turning my back on the vaguely grating laughter of the sly old man, I leave the "sweatbox."*
Date: *June 19, 2011, 17:35 - Mishima Cape - Station Area*
Yuuji: Well then... how do I explain this one to JB...?
Narration: *It's all well and good that the police let me walk, but my problems aren't quite over.*
Narration: *This incident must have reached Ichigaya by now. As my direct superior and case officer, JB will be taking a lot of heat. Probably grudgingly kowtowing to the brass right about now...*
Narration: *I let out a short sigh, take my cell phone from my pocket, and turn on the power.*
Narration: *―In the next moment, with startling timing, it begins to ring.*
JB: ...Hello, Yuuji.
Yuuji: ...Hi there, JB. Your voice is lovely as always. I've been charmed out of my senses. Want to get married?
JB: Fine by me. You just grab that marriage registration form and come pick me up at Ichigaya.
Yuuji: ...My bad... let's get down to business...
JB: I think you're aware, but I'm a busy woman. So I'm going to keep this short and sweet. Next time you cause trouble, you're going to be confined to quarters, have your outings and PX access restricted, and get assigned to mandatory labor.
Yuuji: ...Hey, JB, did you know there's actually a word for that now? It's called "imprisonment."
JB: Not to worry, I'll stop by and talk to you through the glass once a week so you won't get lonely.
Yuuji: Is that how the grown-ups run things in this country?
JB: We don't have tax money to spend on malfunctioning national defense equipment. You understand what I'm telling you?
Yuuji: ...I understand... my bad...
JB: If you have an excuse, I'll listen.
Yuuji: ...No, I don't have an excuse. But there's something I want to say...
JB: Feel free.
Yuuji: ...JB... I love you... and...
JB: A-And...?
Yuuji: ...No, I shouldn't... if I say this, you'll definitely get mad...
JB: What the heck... I won't get mad, so say it already...
Yuuji: Okay, here I go... quit your bitching, fishface. I'll stick that phone so far up your ass you'll feel the ringtone in your colon.
JB: ...Wha!!?
Narration: *I quickly end the call and turn off the cell phone.*
Narration: *JB... you're a truly understanding superior, to lend an ear to your subordinate's abuse.*
Narration: *It's thanks to you that I can vent my stress and enjoy my days in serenity.*
Makina: ...Onii-chan...
Yuuji: ...Hm? Makina... were you waiting for me here...?
Makina: Yeah... I mean, you got taken by the police an' all, Onii-chan...
Makina: I talked to a police person who came after, an' he said... you got in a fight with three guys... I was worried, ya know?
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *I drop my hand on Makina's head with a thud. It's becoming a habit.*
Narration: *How to put it... this head is at just the right height to rest your hand on.*
Makina: ...I waited... th' whole time.
Yuuji: Sorry I worried you...
Narration: *When I look closely, Makina's still clutching the paper from her ice cream cone in her hand.*
Narration: *She must have taken my "I'll be back soon" literally and stayed right here the entire time.*
Makina: Did you get hurt? Are you okay...?
Yuuji: Hmph... who do you think you're talking to? There's no way I'd lose to the likes of them.
Makina: Onii-chan... you're good at fighting?
Yuuji: Don't want to boast, but the only person who's beat me in a fight is my master.
Makina: ...Then... if I get in a pinch, will you rescue me?
Yuuji: You just worry about living a solid, decent life, and you won't need rescuing. More importantly, let's get back quickly. Amane must be worried.
Makina: ...If she gets mad, will you rescue me?
Yuuji: Well... yeah, I think I can handle that much, at least... C'mon, let's go.
Makina: Yeah!!
Narration: *Makina nods energetically, trots up next to me, and grabs hold of my left hand.*
Narration: *First Amane, now Makina. Why are my hands in such demand lately...?*
Narration: *Apparently sensing my unspoken complaint, Makina squeezes my hand forcefully.*
Makina: Uhm... don't go anywhere, okay?
Yuuji: ...You don't need to squeeze that hard, I'm not going to vanish all of a sudden.
Makina: ...You promise?
Yuuji: I can't make any guarantees.
Makina: ...Uuu...
Narration: *As I pull Makina along by her strangely warm hand, we set off for the dorm...*
Narration: *We walk side by side, our lengthening shadows spreading out across the road.*
Narration: *A long time ago, I used to be fascinated and puzzled by the way shadows would grow as the sun began to sink under the horizon...*
Narration: *Who explained it to me at the time...?*
Narration: *I don't think it was my mother.*
Narration: *Although I do remember walking hand in hand with my master at sunset, there's no way that woman would have given me a straight answer.*
Narration: *Which would leave... ah... yeah... it was my sister, wasn't it...*
Narration: *Bathed in the evening sun, pulled along by my sister's hand, I pointed at my expanding shadow and asked her.*
Narration: *"Why do shadows get all long at sunset...?"*
Narration: *The answer she gave in return was overly technical, explaining how the changing of the seasons affected the phenomenon, and at the time I didn't really understand any of it.*
Yuuji: ...Used to be... I was the one being pulled along...
Makina: Hm? What?
Yuuji: No, it's nothing.
Makina: If you talk to yourself too much, people will think you're a weirdo, ya know?
Yuuji: Duly noted.
Narration: *Hadn't thought I'd ever become the sort of person who could take another's hand in mine and lead them home.*
Narration: *But there's no guarantee I'll be here to do the same tomorrow.*
Narration: *By this time tomorrow evening, the hand that's holding hers may be gone.*

Date: *June 20, 2011, 07:59 - Mihama Academy - Hallway*
Michiru: Hoo-haa-hoo-haa. Ahh, ahem ahem. Aaa, aaa.
Michiru: All right, here goes.
Michiru: Morning everyone! How's it going!?
Narration: *I watch from behind as Michiru boldly leaps into the classroom like a paratrooper jumping into the sky over Normandy.*
Narration: *Naturally, she's not as heavily equipped; but in her grim resolve, she's a match for any Screaming Eagle.*
Narration: *Without such intestinal fortitude, there's no way the girl could charge so defenselessly into that classroom. Well... unless she's simply unaware of the situation.*
Michiru: Waaaaaaaah!
Narration: *Seems like the latter.*
Yuuji: You are a truly foolish woman, Michiru.
Michiru: W-W-W-Wait a second, what is this? Why?
Yuuji: And here I was, filled with admiration for your kamikaze spirit. To think you were just wallowing in ignorance.
Michiru: I had no idea! No wonder no one's in the classroom. Why didn't you tell me!?
Yuuji: Because you didn't ask.
Michiru: Come on, who's going to randomly ask if there's a bee in the classroom?
Narration: *That's right. The situation: a bee. A flying pest has occupied our classroom, and now lies in ambush. Our classmates have all withdrawn from the field.*
Michiru: You've gotta tell me before I go in if it's dangerous! How was I supposed to know!?
Yuuji: This is exactly why you're renowned as the most brainless of bimbos. Every action should be taken only after consideration of the worst-case scenario. Don't you have any common sense at all?
Yuuji: What kind of an idiot opens a door without assessing the risks!?
Michiru: I really don't think many people think twice about opening a door...
Yuuji: Whenever you open a door, do so in steadfast resolve to find Somalia waiting on the other side!
Michiru: I don't have that kind of resolve! What does that even mean!? How am I supposed to open it!?
Yuuji: You're not worthy of my instruction.
Michiru: Give me a break here, don't be such a cheapskate. Hurry up and tell me how to open doors safely, got it!?
Yuuji: Hrm... if you're that determined, I suppose I can make an exception. Step one: confirm the surrounding area.
Narration: *Standing in front of the door, I demonstrate by pointing sequentially to the ceiling, the floor, my front, my rear, my left, and my right, following with my eyes.*
Michiru: I see, I see. Confirming the surrounding area, eh. What's next?
Yuuji: Observe with the utmost caution, you understand? Search every inch of your surroundings on the assumption that they hide deadly traps.
Michiru: O-Okay. And then?
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Hm?
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: W-What's going on?
Yuuji: Quiet! We've just begun our six-hour stakeout period, of course!
Michiru: That's ridiculous! There's no way I can wait that long!
Yuuji: What!? By all rights, we should obtain a map, infiltrate, and watch from cover for a week in advance! I'm granting extraordinary permission for a raid after nothing more than an observation period, and you're still not satisfied!?
Yuuji: Just how far do you expect me to indulge your laziness, you spoiled bottle-blond!? And you call yourself Japanese!?
Michiru: Look, just make it simple, just the basics!
Yuuji: ―Hrm. Very well. I'll teach you the simplest possible method, using nice small words. First, we slowly open the door.
Yuuji: Then, we throw in the decoy.
Michiru: Whaaaaa!?
Yuuji: Next, we close the door, and standby until the decoy's report!
Michiru: Eeeeeeee, open the door! Hey! Come on!
Yuuji: Listen up, maggot! You have a scouting mission to complete! Desertion in the face of the enemy is treason! If you turn your back on our foe and come crawling to safety, I'll re-educate you with my own hands!
Michiru: Eeeeeeeek! It's buzzing at meeeee!!
Yuuji: Calm down and maintain your composure. Don't let panic blind you. Use those holes in your head you call eyes! I've seen grannies with shriveled ovaries put their holes to better use on behalf of the nation!
Michiru: What the heck!? Uuuu, that's easy for you to say! Awawawawawawawa...
Yuuji: You're truly hopeless. Very well, I'll go so far as to sing a song to give you courage.
Yuuji: Lala, gleaming- like- the morning- sun-♪  Walther- P-acht-und-dreissig-♪
Michiru: Help meee! He-Help, he...
Michiru: ――――
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: I see! She's decided to silence her breathing and hide! Compared to noisily trying to escape, a much wiser course of action. She's gained such instinctive understanding of the art of reconnaissance in this short time...?
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, we might make a scout out of you yet... Hm?
Narration: *Michiru's collapsed on the floor, her eyes rolling around in her head. What's all this then?*
Yuuji: Hey, maggot. Who authorized you to faint?
Michiru: Haa. Awawawawawa, the bee! The beeee!
Yuuji: Calm yourself. This thing is nothing more than an insect.
Yuuji: Hah.
Yuuji: Bee eliminated! Situation resolved!
Michiru: You grabbed that thing with your bare hands!? It'll sting you!
Yuuji: I told you to calm yourself. This kind of bee can't sting.
Michiru: A-A bee that doesn't sting?
Yuuji: Listen well. A bee's stinger is a part of its ovipositor. Therefore, males don't have one. Look closely, this thing is harmless.
Michiru: Huh? Ah, you're right. There's no stinger! What the heck, I got all worked up over nothing... Huh? Then why isn't anyone in the classroom?
Yuuji: They jumped to conclusions and mistook this for the dangerous variety. Ran off to get insecticide or something.
Michiru: Oh... Uh, uhm, by the way, it's not like I'm scared of bees or anything. Got it!?
Michiru: Ah, there's another one! Once you know they don't sting, it's really nothing to worry about. This one's harmless too, right?
Yuuji: That's a giant hornet. It stings. Also, it's poisonous.
Michiru: Whaaaaa!?
Yuuji: Shh! It'll sting you if you shout. Keep quiet.
Michiru: sWhaaaa...s
Yuuji: Listen carefully, Michiru. Giant hornets don't just sting, they inject potent venom. Slight digression, but this thing is called the "yak-killer" because of its poison cocktail.
Michiru: D-Did you really have to tell me that right now?
Yuuji: Don't make any sudden movements. Walk slowly and keep quiet. Fortunately, you're a blond, so your coloration is similar to that of a hornet. In other words, there's no problem if he accepts you as his friend.
Michiru: R-Really? Tumdedumdum, fufufu-n♪
Yuuji: Hoh, offering it a Bohemian folk song? Very sensible.
Michiru: Ah, Mr. Bee is going click-click. Does this mean we're friends now?
Yuuji: Hrm. When they clack their mandibles together like that, it signifies a final warning. If you make any more stupid moves, you'll be stung for sure.
Michiru: ...EeeeEeeEeee.
Sachi: Thank you for waiting. I apologize, it took some time to mix the insecticide.
Narration: *Sachi drags a tank with an atomizing nozzle and hose into the room. It looks like it's designed for spraying agricultural chemicals. Apparently, it's full of her own cocktail.*
Michiru: Ohh, thank goodness you're here! Hurry up, the insecticide!
Sachi: Wah, the bee's hovering around Michiru-sama. Don't worry, this is a special homemade neurotoxin of mine. Fight poison with poison, as they say.
Sachi: Well then, I'll be spraying this through the nozzle, so please wait a moment.
Michiru: W-Wait a second! You, you just said this stuff is a something-toxin?
Yuuji: Neurotoxin. Sounds like it'll take that hornet out for sure.
Michiru: If you spray that stuff all over the place, it's obviously gonna get me too!
Sachi: Don't worry Michiru-sama, there won't be any problems as long as you don't inhale before it disperses. I'm sure you can hold your breath for fifteen minutes or so, yes? Alright, here we go. Ready, set―
Michiru: I can't do that! Okay, Sachi? I can NOT do that!
Sachi: ...Is that so? In that case, I suppose we can't use this. I'm sure we could have wrapped things up with one shot, too. What a shame.
Michiru: You'd wrap my life up too! Come on...
Yuuji: We've got to come up with a plan B or this won't end well. That hornet is pretty worked up.
Michiru: On that note, why is this bee only going after me!?
Yuuji: Just what did you do to that poor hornet?
Michiru: Nothing, I think. I mean, I, uh, I just don't get it! Is it my hair color after all? Maybe it's mad because I'm a tsundere? Like, I'm ripping off the "queen bee" thing?
Sachi: Michiru-sama, are you sure you don't want to try just a little puff? Even a puff should be quite deadly.
Michiru: I'm telling you, deadly is the problem here!
Sachi: Is that so...
Michiru: Eeeee, it's coming in low this time...
Yuuji: Seems to be aiming at your legs. Michiru, do you think you'll be needing those in the future?
Michiru: Of course I will!!
Yuuji: I... see...
Yumiko: ...It's awfully noisy in here.
Michiru: Ah, Yumiko! Don't come over here!
Yumiko: Excuse me? And what is that supposed to mean...?
Michiru: No, that's not it, there's a b―
Yumiko: Look, please don't shout at me this early in―
Yuuji: Stepped on it...
Sachi: Ah...
Yumiko: What? Can you please use complete sentences?
Michiru: Uh, never mind. It's nothing, really.
Yumiko: Well, all right then.
Narration: *The squashed hornet stuck flat to the bottom of her shoe, Sakaki walks to her desk and takes out a book.*
Narration: *Although the girl glances over here briefly, she soon pulls out her bookmark without another word and begins moving her eyes across the lines of text.*
Yuuji: Sachi, there's got to be a nest somewhere nearby. Think you can find it and give it a dose of that cocktail of yours?
Sachi: Yes, certainly!
Michiru: In conclusion, Yumiko is the strongest.
Yuuji: Not the type you want to make an enemy of.
Narration: *With this, the hornet incident draws to a close without casualties. Just as they say - at times ignorance is bliss.*

Date: *June 20, 2011, 18:00 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Narration: *"After middle school, you won't be popular with the girls if all you can do is fight. You need brains too."*
Narration: *Or so my master taught me.*
Narration: *"So, are you smart, then?"*
Narration: *In response to the obvious question, my master replied that "women are more popular if they're a little dim-witted."*
Narration: *I think she might have intended it as a joke. Not that it was remotely funny.*
Narration: *My master wasn't much of a comedian, but there's one thing I have to thank her for.*
Narration: *Specifically, she's the one who really got me hooked on reading.*
Narration: *There are a vast number of books in this world, and the majority are interesting in some way.*
Narration: *Even if you get stuck with a seriously dull one, if you look at it critically and figure out why it's a failure, the time you spend with it isn't a complete waste.*
Narration: *I devoured books like an addict when I was a kid.*
Narration: *And my master would get me anything I wanted to read, even comics or porn magazines.*
Narration: *"It's a damn good thing if you can enjoy reading."*
Narration: *"Why?"*
Narration: *"Lets you make use of the time you spend waiting in the dentist's office, doesn't it?"*
Narration: *"...Am I supposed to laugh now...?"*
Narration: *Not to say that I've gained much wisdom from what I've read in waiting rooms, but I think I can at least smile at those words today.*
Yuuji: Makina, you here?
Makina: Yeeeep! Door's open～!
Yuuji: ...Hey, Makina. Why aren't you in your own room?
Makina: Uu? I left a note on th' door, didn't I? Should say "I'm in the next room over."
Yuuji: ...True...
Narration: *Yes, there was a note on her door.*
Narration: *Thing is, the paper was yellowed and wrinkled. There's no telling how long it's been up there.*
Yuuji: ...Are you always in Amane's room?
Makina: Hm, yeah, now that you mention it, I guess I sorta am, ya know?
Narration: *Yes, the room I've just entered is in fact Amane's.*
Narration: *Looking around, a good half of the room is buried in random junk. I'd guess Makina has been doing her best imitation of a squirrel preparing for hibernation, depositing things here little by little with every visit.*
Makina: Well, don't just stand there, c'mon in!
Yuuji: I appreciate the neighborly spirit, but this isn't your room.
Amane: Maakinaaa? Somebody there～?
Makina: Yeah! It's Onii-chan!
Amane: Hm? Aah, Yuuji-kun? Why? What's up?
Yuuji: Nothing much. Just stopped by to lend Makina a book.
Amane: ...A book? What kind?
Yuuji: It's for that thing.
Narration: *I point toward one item among Makina's pile of junk, an aquarium containing her crawfish.*
Yuuji: She asked me if I knew any books with detailed instructions on raising crawfish, so I took a look around a store by the station.
Amane: Aah, so you're the one responsible for that crawfish. This girl carries it in here all of a sudden, then starts saying she's going to turn it blue.
Amane: We tried just keeping it in the sink for a while, but it would escape in the middle of the night. I ended up having to buy a tank and everything, you know?
Yuuji: Sorry about that.
Amane: I'm not really mad or anything. It's good to see her get interested in animals, I guess.
Makina: Hey! The book! Where's the book!?
Yuuji: ...Here, this is it. The part about raising crawfish starts on page 38. The last two pages talk about getting them to turn blue.
Makina: Thanks! I'mma read it right away!
Narration: *As soon as Makina accepts the book from me, she sits down on the spot with a thump and starts to rifle through the pages.*
Amane: ...So, what, they really do turn blue?
Yuuji: When I tried this experiment as a kid, there was a range of variation among the individuals, but most of them did turn some shade of blue.
Amane: Hmmm, sounds kinda fun.
Yuuji: By the way Amane, I have a question of my own. Do you mind?
Amane: Hm? What?
Yuuji: Why, exactly, are you constantly naked?
Amane: Ah, I wouldn't say "constantly," you know? I was just taking a shower.
Yuuji: I see.
Amane: And if you're going to bring that up, how about a less delayed reaction?
Yuuji: I'll try to work on that.
Narration: *...But, I mean... I think you'd do the "Kyaa" thing and hide your chest before I got a chance to bring it up... usually...*
Narration: *Amane, no more concerned with my glance than before, walks briskly to her vanity and flips on a hair drier.*
Amane: I'm kinda a heavy sweater and all, so I have to shower nearly three times a day in the summer... Let down my guard and I get prickly heat under my breasts. That's really the worst, you know?  
Yuuji: Big tits are tough in their own way, I see.
Makina: Hey! Onii-chan, wanna drink?
Yuuji: Hm? Yeah... if you're offering.
Makina: Mmkay, hold on just a sec and I'll get something.
Narration: *Makina places her book on the floor, opens Amane's refrigerator, then promptly sticks her head in and starts rooting around like she owns the place.*
Yuuji: ...It's basically as much her room as Amane's by this point...
Amane: Hmm～? Whaaat～? You say something～?
Yuuji: Just how long has Makina been hanging around in this room?
Amane: Aah, yeah, let's see... pretty much since she came to this school, I guess? This girl starts crying real loud in the middle of the night if she's alone.
Makina: That's rude, ya know! I don't cry anymore. I go back to my room ta sleep every once 'n a while!
Amane: Maybe once a month, at best? And for some reason, it only tends to happen when you're throwing a temper tantrum.
Makina: Hey, Onii-chan, what's your opinion on constantly scoldin' harpy-women?
Yuuji: They say it's a rare thing to find a woman other than your mother who'll nag you. Take good care of her, all right?
Makina: Grrr... even you betray me, Onii-chan...? This world's really goin' to the dogs. Drinkin's the only thing that gets me through th' day.
Narration: *As she speaks, Makina hands me a can of orange juice.*
Yuuji: Look, Makina... Can we do something about this "Onii-chan" thing?
Makina: Uu? Why?
Yuuji: Well, how can I put this...? It feels a little awkward...
Makina: I think you'll get used to it eventually, ya know? I got used to bein' called "Makina" an' all.
Yuuji: Hm? What do you mean? You don't like being called by your own name?
Makina: ...Truth is, I don't really like the name "Makina" that much...
Yuuji: Hoh... and why's that?
Makina: Makina kinda sounds like vagina, ya know...?
Yuuji: ...What?
Makina: Like I said, vagina.
Yuuji: I see... Well, uh... That's interesting...
Makina: But ya know what!? When you say it like "Vageena," it sorta sounds like an idol or somethin', right?
Yuuji: Yeah, whatever you say...
Yuuji: ...Hey! Amane!
Amane: Hmm? What's up?
Yuuji: Is this girl high? Just what are you putting in her food?
Amane: Don't be rude! I don't feed her anything weird!
Narration: *So she says, but... I mean... it's like talking to someone who's just gotten an injection of that weird "night-vision hormone" from the squad medic before a midnight raid...*
Narration: *I feel like I'm dealing with one of those people who see "things they shouldn't see" and hear "voices they shouldn't hear"...*
Narration: *Instinctively, I drop my hand onto Makina's head and vigorously ruffle her hair around.*
Makina: That hurts, ya know?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... your pupils don't look dilated...
Amane: If you're that suspicious, how about testing the food for yourself?
Yuuji: ...What?
Amane: I'm talking about dinner, of course. I was planning on oden today, so one more's no problem at all.

Makina: Hohoh, Od'n is it...
Amane: I'm afraid I'm talking about a kind of stew. The supreme god of the Norse pantheon will not be dining with us tonight.
Makina: My stupid pun was intercepted... What a letdown...
Yuuji: ...The hell?
Amane: Well, anyway, there's no problem. More the merrier.
Yuuji: Ah... hey!
Makina: Don't be stubborn. You'll embarrass Ama-nee, ya know? C'mon in.
Narration: *Makina seizes my hand and tries to forcibly drag me further inside.*
Yuuji: ...Well... all right, fine...
Narration: *There probably won't be anything I dislike in an oden stew anyway...*
Narration: *I'll eat pretty much anything that's put in front of me, but I do have some foods I find a little difficult to deal with on a psychological level.*
Makina: Mmkay, just sit here.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *Offered a cushion with a cute, girly design, I sit down a bit reluctantly. In an instant, Makina has plopped herself down on top of my knees.*
Yuuji: ...Look, you...
Makina: Hm? What?
Yuuji: Why are you sitting on my lap?
Makina: Huh? Do you hate havin' me here?
Yuuji: That's not what I'm saying, but...
Narration: *That line's familiar... I hadn't realized until now, but Makina seems to have a habit of imitating Amane's speech.*
Narration: *Now that I think about it, that "ya know?" she's always tagging on to the end of her sentences for no particular reason seems like it might be a corruption of Amane's frequent "you know?"―*
Narration: *And Makina's forcible tone and attitude toward men also remind me of a certain someone.*
Yuuji: ...They do say pets start to resemble their owners...
Narration: *Someday, this girl might well become the sort of evil woman who walks around with her tits hanging halfway out, seducing struggling shopkeepers into giving away their livelihood...*
Yuuji: ...We can't have that...
Narration: *To tell the truth, from my current position Makina's modest breasts are clearly visible.*
Narration: *For those of certain tastes, these things might have a power to tempt exceeding that of Amane's oversized udders.*
Makina: Hm? Wassamatter?
Yuuji: ...Hey! Amane!
Amane: Hmm? What now? My hands are full at the moment.
Yuuji: Why does this girl jump onto men's laps without a second thought? I'm leaning toward blaming you.
Amane: Excuse me? If you hate it that much, just tell her to get off.
Yuuji: I'm not saying I hate it... but if she starts casually hopping on top of strange old men in town, I think we might run into some problems.
Amane: Don't worry. I think I've said this before, but Makina's really pretty shy... Uh, come to think of it, since when were you two this friendly?
Yuuji: Well... we've had a couple chances to talk recently, I guess...
Amane: Even so, I've never seen Makina get attached to a guy so quickly. Just what did you do to this girl?
Yuuji: Nothing particularly comes to mind.
Amane: I mean, she can barely speak with most men... The old man at the greengrocers is about the only guy she can have a decent conversation with, you know?
Yuuji: That a fact?
Narration: *So why has Makina gotten so attached to me...?*
Narration: *I don't remember taming her with food or teaching her dirty games behind Mommy's back. I search my memory, but nothing really stands out.*
Makina: Hey, Onii-chan, can you open this for me?
Narration: *Completely disinterested in my ruminations, Makina pushes her can of orange juice toward me and tilts her head to the side as she asks for help.*
Narration: *A pretty standard pattern among women playing the "moe" type, who try to tickle the male heart with an appeal to their own helplessness. But Makina's fingers are so stubby and thin that it's clearly genuine. *
Yuuji: Yeah, here you go...
Makina: Thanks, Onii-chan!
Amane: Hmm? What's this? You guys really are very friendly. It's rare for Makina to act this spoiled, you know?
Yuuji: And if you tried to pull something like that, I'd probably punch you, right?
Amane: ...Why are you asking me to agree...? How the heck am I supposed to reply to that?
Yuuji: So she doesn't let just anybody pamper her like this?
Amane: Let's see... for the most part, I don't think I've seen her get this clingy with anyone other than me...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Whether or not Makina's paying any attention to our conversation about her, she continues to flip through the book on my lap without comment.*
Amane: Ah! He... geez! Makina, we can see your breasts! How many times have I told you to wear a bra?
Makina: Uuu... that thing feels so cramped, ya know...?
Amane: As if you've got enough there for it to be cramped. Hurry up, c'mere.
Makina: I was almost done readinnn'...
Amane: Come on, I'll put it on you, so stand up.
Narration: *Amane reaches her hands under Makina's armpits and forcibly drags her up off my knees.*
Narration: *A sense of emptiness... might be going a bit far, but the sudden removal of that limp, warm creature from my lap leaves me feeling slightly lonely.*
Amane: Okay, let's stand on our own, please.
Makina: ...Nnyuu...
Amane: ...Oww! Hey! Geez! Don't step on my foot!
Makina: Sowwy.
Amane: Geeeez... okay, I'll take off your camisole, so give me a "banzai."
Makina: Banza～i.
Yuuji: Uh, hey... how about having her put her clothes on by herself?
Amane: This girl is terrible at getting dressed. Or rather, she just hates clothes, period. Apparently she was wearing nothing but gowns the whole time she was in the hospital...
Yuuji: Gowns...?
Amane: You know, the kind people wear when they're in the hospital for surgery. Tied around the back and all...
Yuuji: Ah, right...
Amane: Maybe it's because that's the only thing she wore for a while, but she hates any clothes that aren't really loose. Unless someone does it for her like this, she won't even put on her underwear... here we go...
Makina: Ama-nee... it hurrrts...
Amane: Just deal with it for a second. If we just stuff a little fat from your back and armpit into the cup, like this... look, you've got some curves now, see?
Makina: ...It's hard t' breathe...
Amane: Such is woman's lot in life. Alright, we're all done.
Makina: Hehehe～, whaddaya think? My tits big enough for ya?
Yuuji: Yeah, they're shockingly big. What do you eat to get a pair like that?
Makina: ...Hmm... bread? An' strawberries.
Amane: You just listed your favorite foods...
Yuuji: So Makina likes bread and strawberries best, huh?
Narration: *Kind of childish tastes, but I guess that fits with her personality.*
Amane: This girl just doesn't eat that much in general. But when it comes to bread and fruit, she's got a decent appetite.
Makina: I like my bread nice an' hard, by th' way!
Yuuji: "Hard" bread? What's with that?
Amane: Aah... you know, French bread, or the German stuff with the firm crust, that sort of thing.
Amane: Japanese people are generally fond of fluffy, soft bread, but for some reason this girl loves hers heavy and stiff.
Makina: Limp bread's for grannies with rotten teeth. Bread's gotta be bulky and crunchy when ya bite or it's no good at all!
Amane: Well, it's not really good for the mornings, but if I make her a rye sandwich with cheese, ham, and lettuce, she'll gobble it down, you know?  
Yuuji: Hrm... I see.
Makina: Hey, Ama-nee, can I read my book now?
Amane: Mm, go ahead. But sit on the floor, got it? I don't want you spilling your juice all over Yuuji-kun's lap.
Makina: Yu～ss.♪
Yuuji: You don't have it easy, do you Amane.
Amane: Well, she's a bit of a handful, but that's kinda what makes her cute. Can't really blame her for being a little weird, you know? It's just how she is.
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *I'm the sort who'd tend to suspect the girl's purposefully acting younger than her age to take advantage of her childish looks. But in this case, I don't think I can disagree. That really is "just how she is."*
Amane: Oh, and you know what? That girl loves to call herself an idiot and all, but she's not really stupid in the least. Actually, I think she's quite a bit smarter than me.
Yuuji: Well, I suppose if we use you as a standard, the gap isn't quite that dramatic, but...
Amane: ...Rude. Don't take Makina lightly, okay? Want a little demonstration?
Yuuji: Demonstration...?
Amane: Makina, c'mere for a second.
Makina: Okay. What's goin' on?
Amane: Have you finished reading that book?
Makina: Uhm, yeah, mostly...
Amane: Alright, mind lending it to me for a sec? I'll give you a little quiz.
Makina: If ya say so...
Narration: *Amane takes the book from Makina and promptly hands it over to me.*
Amane: Okay then, let's start with page 161.
Makina: ..."Animal Evolution Series - Age of the Giant Dinosaurs, the Mesozoic Era's Jurassic Period."
Makina: Lasting from approximately 200 million years ago to 146 million years ago, the second period of the Mesozoic Era was known as the Jurassic, and is familiar as the greatest age of the dinosaurs...
Makina: The dinosaurs, having first appeared with the Triassic Period, evolved into a vast range of species, beginning a period of dominance that would continue through the Cretaceous...
Amane: ...Huh? Wasn't this a book about crawfish?
Yuuji: It's a general book about animals aimed at children. There's lot of other stuff in there as well...
Narration: *I open the book Amane handed me to page 161.*
Narration: *Spread across both pages is a color illustration of a plesiosaur, with words in a bold white typeface printed all around it.*
Amane: So, you check the book? Was she right?
Yuuji: ...She was indeed...
Narration: *Without even a single misplaced word.*
Amane: Okay, let's do page 29 next.
Makina: That's an ad page.
Makina: "Gobun Co. Children's Study Series - How Cars Work - The Mysterious Universe - Birdwatching and Environmental Chemistry - Cool Extinct Animals."
Makina: "Japan's Factories: How a Contact Lens is Made - Microorganisms and our Soil: Growing Vegetables with Organic Farming."
Amane: Okay then, so what's on page 86?
Makina: "Is it true that dogs are smarter than cats?"
Makina: "Dog breeds are very diverse, far surpassing other species in their range of variation."
Makina: "Bred by humans for many years, dogs specialized for the hunt, the battlefield, and the home were created, and new varieties continue to be born even now..."
Amane: Well? Did she get those as well?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... she's correct, alright...
Amane: What do you think? Pretty amazing, right? Just by skimming through for a while, she's got every page in that book totally memorized. She's a genius, isn't she?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's pretty amazing, to be sure.
Amane: Huh? You don't seem as surprised as I'd expect.
Yuuji: Makina, I've got a question. Do you remember the photograph of a bird on page 144?
Makina: Yeah, I know th' one.
Yuuji: What color is it?
Makina: ...Uuu? ...Uhhhm... dunno...
Yuuji: If I say blue you'd sort of think blue. But if I say red, you'd get the feeling it might be red?
Makina: ...Yeah...
Yuuji: Thought so...
Amane: Wait, what? What is it?
Yuuji: Seems like Makina memorizes the pages in monochrome. Loses the color information.
Amane: ...Huh?
Yuuji: Easier to memorize it quickly that way, right?
Makina: Yeah, exac'ly.
Amane: ...Uh, sorry, I'm not following this at all...
Yuuji: To tell the truth, my sister had the exact same skill.
Narration: *I first noticed my big sister speed-reading when she was seven years old. Watching her flip through a stack of books from the school library incredibly quickly, I couldn't suppress my curiosity.*
Narration: *"Can you really read them like that?"*
Narration: *My sister answered "I'm not reading them, but I am memorizing the contents," in a perfectly casual tone of voice.*
Narration: *Completely incredulous, I tested my sister on the spot. Exactly like Amane did with Makina just now, I gave her a page number and asked her to read me back the contents.*
Narration: *And, of course, she remembered every single word.*
Narration: *According to her, "It's much faster to memorize the books when they're in black and white"―*
Narration: *When dealing with books where color information wasn't important, she could even memorize two pages simultaneously using her left and right eye. I was totally dumbfounded at the time.*
Narration: *Four years later, by the time she was 11, my sister was managing rapid memorization of color books as well―*
Narration: *And thanks to long hours of practice, her left and right eye could actually memorize separate books simultaneously. Hearing that went past the level of surprise; it was outright terrifying.*
Yuuji: Basically, she's not reading the book, she's recording the pages as an "image" in the right side of her brain.
Yuuji: When you ask her about the contents, she reproduces the "image" in her right brain, and reads it by consciously interpreting the characters with her left brain. That sound about right, Makina?
Makina: Yeah, yeah. I can't explain it too good, but that's pretty much it.
Amane: ...I still don't get it... How does she do that, specifically?
Yuuji: I don't know the details myself, but it's basically looking at the page as a picture instead of lines of characters, and saving a mental snapshot...
Yuuji: Ignoring the "meaning," she processes it rapidly as "light" information, then draws out the meaning later on if she needs it...
Yuuji: To put it more simply, it's sort of like she's downloading a compressed file to her hard drive, then extracting what she needs later, I guess.
Amane: The heck is that? So she doesn't actually know what's in the book after she's done reading it?
Yuuji: Yeah, exactly.
Makina: My biggest problem is that, once I memorize somethin', I tend to forget where I put th' memory when I need it!
Amane: What good is that!?
Yuuji: Even if you can record something in your mind, your memory as a whole can still be a disorganized mess. Apparently you can work on that by training your synapses.
Amane: How would you do that?
Yuuji: If you repeatedly memorize the same information, it stimulates your synapses and makes it harder to forget. My sister would record the same image eight times over before she turned the page.
Yuuji: Other than that, you can also memorize while moving your body in specific ways, which ties the image to your "procedural memory" and makes it more durable. 
Makina: ...Hmm... I don' really get it...
Yuuji: That's fine. Not like there's any reason you have to turn into a genius like that.
Amane: Yep. When you become a genius, what you gain isn't admiration so much as envy and enemies. Or so they say.
Yuuji: ...Who's "they?" Where did you hear that...?
Amane: Aah... hmm... who was it again? Think I might have read that in a book somewhere. Don't really remember.
Makina: Hey, Ama-nee! It's time to feed the crawfish, ya know?
Amane: Yeah, yeah. I'll open the canned food for you, so just hold on a second.
Yuuji: Okay, I guess I'll be...
Narration: *―Guess I'll be going back to my room. But as the words start to leave my mouth, Makina firmly grabs hold of my hand.*
Makina: Siddown, okay? I wanna read together.
Yuuji: Didn't you finish already?
Makina: ...Mm... yeah, but... I wanna be together for a while... that not allowed?
Yuuji: No, that's really not what I meant...
Makina: Hey, ya know something? Sometimes, a woman has days where she wants a guy ta spoil her.
Yuuji: Hoh, that's the first I've heard of it.
Makina: And today happens to be jus' such a day! So you gotta spoil me, okay?
Yuuji: I see... Guess there's no helping it, then...
Narration: *I want to be spoiled, so you better spoil me... What an unreasonable demand. If this was Amane, I think I would laugh in her face, call her an idiot, and finish things off with a poke to the forehead.*
Narration: *But for some reason, when Makina gets all clingy, it's a bit difficult to fight back. I can't get myself to be too hard on her. Maybe it's because she looks and acts like a child?*
Narration: *Soft on children... Well, that isn't a bad thing by any means. But I'm probably the type who dies first when the terrorists start strapping bombs to their kids.*
Yuuji: ...But now that I think about it, it's not like you're really that much younger than me, are you?
Makina: ...Uu?
Yuuji: ...Don't give me that puzzled face...
Makina: Now, now. Let's just take a seat, 'kay? Also, gimme a hug.
Yuuji: ...Look, you... just for the record, today's a one-time deal. Don't think I'll let you cling to me whenever you want, got it?
Makina: Yeah, yeah.♪ Geez, Onii-chan, you really are a big ol' tsundere.
Yuuji: ...Guh...
Narration: *...Again with this...*
Narration: *I'd never really given the matter any thought, but... could it be that I really am a tsundere?*
Narration: *I mean, can we define the term first? Isn't the tsundere a sub-species of woman that's usually prickly and harsh, but then goes all gooey and sweet for some reason...?*
Narration: *In that case, I don't get it. When exactly have I ever been in that saccharine "lovey-dovey" mode?*
Narration: *...Hrm... well... come to think of it... in letting Makina occupy my knee like this, I have to admit my aura of "masculinity" seems to have faded a bit...*
Narration: *But this is merely an expression of my magnanimous spirit toward the young. It's not like I'm giving her lap access because I personally enjoy having her there, or anything.*
Amane: Ah, that's right! Hey, Yuuji-kun!
Yuuji: ...W-What?
Amane: Since we're on the topic, is canned mackerel okay for the crawfish's food?
Yuuji: ...Ah, yeah. Basically, anything without carotene in it is fine.
Amane: ...Oho...?
Yuuji: ...What's that supposed to mean...?
Amane: *Snicker*...
Yuuji: What is it, already? You're making me ill. If you have something to say, how about you say it?
Amane: No no, it's just, you know, she's really, truly taken to you... That's nice. I'm a little jealous.
Yuuji: You're the one who told me to make friends with Makina, you know?
Amane: C'mon, I'm not criticizing you or anything. But frankly, I really didn't think she'd get attached all of a sudden. I'm just a little surprised, I guess?
Makina: ...Nnyuu... nn...
Amane: Hm? What's this? ...Is Makina asleep?
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Makina: ...*Haaaaa*... *Phuuuu*...
Narration: *...I thought she'd been unusually quiet for a few seconds there, but at some point, Makina's eyes have fallen shut. Still sitting on my lap, her head is jerking back and forth with her breathing.*
Yuuji: I'm sure she was awake just a minute ago...
Amane: Aah... well, Makina... Sometimes she does just fall asleep out of nowhere like that...
Narration: *Come to think of it... there was that time I found her in the "rose garden," unconscious in the bushes...*
Yuuji: A frequent occurrence?
Amane: Well, every once in a while, when she uses her brain a lot or something. Might be because of that little reading exercise earlier...
Amane: She'll sleep fourteen hours a day if you let her, you know?
Yuuji: ...Really does remind you of a cat, doesn't she...
Amane: Sometimes she even falls asleep standing up, so I've got to keep an eye on her to make sure she doesn't fall over and hit her head or something... Good thing your lap was available today, Yuuji-kun.
Amane: Seems like she's really gotten fond of you.
Yuuji: I don't get it... Why get all attached to a guy like me...?
Amane: Oh? I think I've got an idea why...
Yuuji: ...Hmm?
Amane: Okay, for example, when you're looking at Makina, does the thought "poor girl" pop into your head?
Yuuji: Uh, no? Can't say it does...
Narration: *More like "what a hopeless kid"... I can't say I've ever felt pity for her...*
Amane: Right? I think that just might be the number one reason.
Yuuji: Is there a number two reason?
Amane: Hmm... let's see... I guess you're not too aware of this yourself, but I don't think you dislike Makina at all, you know? If anything, maybe you find her a little cute?
Yuuji: ...I'm not sure about that one.
Narration: *Well, I definitely don't hate her... that said, I think I've thought of her as "annoying" more often than "cute"...*
Yuuji: Maybe you've got the wrong idea about me, Amane, but I tend to say what I think, even to kids. When Makina annoys me, I tell her straight out. 
Amane: Oh, that's very convincing, coming from the guy who's staying put so she can sleep on his lap.
Yuuji: Hmm... that's... well... just don't have any real reason to wake her up at the moment, I guess...
Amane: But, well... I guess that makes sense too. It's easier for Makina to understand people when they're bluntly honest, compared to when they hold back awkwardly out of sympathy.  
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *I don't treat her gingerly out of sympathy.*
Narration: *When she does something truly stupid, I don't overlook it out of pity.*
Narration: *And Makina actually prefers it that way... is that what she's saying?*
Amane: That said, when it comes down to it you're basically sweet to her. Of course she'd get attached to you.
Yuuji: ...I'm sweet to her?
Amane: Well, it's nothing to be ashamed of, you know? Those little out-of-character spots round you out nicely, Yuuji-kun. 
Yuuji: Since when were you such an expert on my "character?"
Makina: ...Nnyuu?
Amane: ...Oh? Makina, you awake?
Makina: ...Nn... Did I fall asleep again...?
Amane: Well, yeah, for about fifteen minutes or so. Have any nice dreams?
Makina: ...Uhm... don't remember...
Amane: I see. Well, here you go.
Makina: ...Hmm? Whassis?
Amane: The canned mackerel. You wanted to feed the crawfish, didn't you?
Makina: Ah... that's right...
Makina: ...Here ya gooo. Eat it all up... get nice an' plump...
Yuuji: She's kind of tottering around... Is that a good idea?
Amane: That's par for the course, she's fine.
Makina: ...Uuu, this stuff ain't too tasty...
Yuuji: You sure about that? She seems to be eating from the can of crawfish food.
Amane: That's par for the course. She's fine.
Yuuji: You know, it kind of feels like you don't really give a damn...
Amane: That's also par for the course.
Yuuji: ...Hahah...
Narration: *My throat sticks shut halfway through my attempt at a laugh, and I'm sent into a coughing fit.*
Yuuji: ...*Cough*...*Hack*...!
Amane: Hey... are you all right?
Narration: *Amane grabs the half-finished can of orange juice Makina left lying on the table and hands it over to me. I gulp down the contents immediately.  *
Yuuji: ...*Cough*... I'm fine. I'm as terrible at laughing as I am at smiling. Also par for the course.
Amane: ...Yeah... we've got to fix that eventually...
Yuuji: Fix...?
Narration: *...Why is that necessary? In the first place, is a crappy smile really something you can fix...?*
Amane: Well, at the moment, fixing that fake-looking smile of yours and the bizarre way Makina talks would probably be my main objectives.
Makina: ...Grrm? Whassamatter with th' way I talk...?
Amane: ...The biggest problem right now is that the person in question doesn't even realize how weird she sounds...
Makina: Shu'up, ya chin-face!
Amane: The nerve'a you! Who d'ya think y're callin' a chin-face!? Y'little brat!
Makina: ...Wah!
Amane: Hey! Hold it!
Makina: Noooo! Help meeee!
Amane: Why y'little... where d'ya get that nasty mouth!? Y'want me to sew it shut for ya!?
Makina: It hurrrts! If you pull that hard, I'll  bwwwwwwweaaaaak～～～!! 
Narration: *Every once in a while, you'll find a person with a bad habit they're not even aware of until someone points it out to them.*
Narration: *Watching this scene, I've had my suspicions more or less confirmed: Makina's strange quirks seem to be partially the result of contamination from Amane's less admirable habits...*
Narration: *But as a humble and discreet gentleman, I'm frankly at a loss as to whether to disrupt the status quo by informing Amane of the log in her eye.*
Narration: *My deeply-ingrained "pain in the ass" warning system is also kicking in. There's a good chance the messenger is going to get killed on this one. So my lips are remaining sealed for the moment.*
Narration: *The human mind is a well-designed piece of machinery. It has ways to cope with the coexistence of such pros and cons, truths and fictions.*
Narration: *When your mind finds itself facing a contradiction, your thoughts tend to fly off in completely unrelated directions. It's a self-defense mechanism, just like that burning need to clean that always pops up the night before the big test...*
Narration: *So before I realize it, my attention has been drawn to the pleasant rattling sound of something boiling in the pan. The oden broth's smooth, flavorful smell tickles my nose.*
Yuuji: ...I'm hungry...
Narration: *―In the end, it would be another 30 minutes before I ate my dinner for that day. *

Date: *June 21, 2011, 10:35 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *―There's no gym teacher in this school, but that hasn't stopped some shameless individual from putting "physical education" on our schedule.*
Narration: *"A healthy spirit dwells in a healthy body"... It's easy to laugh these words off as a relic of the baby-boomer generation's Neanderthal obsession with "building character" through "guts" and "willpower," but―*
Narration: *In fact, it seems there actually is a good amount of scientific data linking moderate physical exercise to positive psychotropic effects.*
Narration: *Personally, having been brought up with the simplistic lesson that "basic physical strength decides things in the end," I don't have any objection to moving my body. That said...*
Amane: AlllRIGHTTT!! Le'ss DO thisss!!
Narration: *Amane's pointlessly powerful voice resounds across the field. In response, there's a vaguely apathetic chorus of "...Yeah～" from her classmates.*
Narration: *An unenthusiastic "...Yeah." from the transparently disinterested Michiru.*
Narration: *A dopey "Yuuusss!" from Makina, unintentionally draining any shred of motivation from all who hear it.*
Narration: *A vigorous "Yeaaah!" from Sachi, who's taking everything seriously as always; but her voice cracks shrilly at the clearly unfamiliar exercise.*
Narration: *And finally, stony silence from Sakaki, who's sulking like a prideful middle schooler forced to participate in a children's athletic meet.*
Narration: *The only one of the bunch with any real energy would be Amane, thrusting her fist toward the heavens from her position on the mound.*
Narration: *As for me, without the beginning of a clue as to what's about to take place here, I'm staring absentmindedly up at the sky. And how are you doing today, everybody?*
Yuuji: ...Hey. Amane.
Amane: Aye! Wassup!?
Yuuji: ...Why are you so ridiculously fired up?
Amane: Hmm... you know, everyone here's sort of the indoor type, I guess? Lots of them just hate moving their body, to be honest...
Amane: If I don't push out some energy like this to get things a little more lively, they hardly even bother to try.
Makina: What's this, maggots!? Y'look like blue-faced pigbies, th' lot of ya! Let's see some spirit! I've seen senile ol' men fuck harder than you move! Worthless buncha putrid-pussies!
Yuuji: ...Well, seems like we've got someone exploding with a weird sort of drill-sergeant energy, at least...
Amane: Ahahaha... hold on just a sec, okay? Makina, come here please.
Makina: ...Uu...?
Narration: *Amane seizes Makina's head from above like a basketball and forcibly carries her off into the shadows.*
Amane: ...Makinaa～? It's good to be energetic, but I think I've told you to watch your language, yess～? Do we understaaaand～?
Makina: Oww oww! Ama-nee! It hurts! It's rippin'! You're rippin' me apart! If you do that I'll break, ya know!? I'll bwwwweaaak～～!!
Amane: Now, now. "Bweak" is off-limits, remember～? Teeheeheehee...
Narration: *Amane's voice somehow manages to be both sickly-sweet and ice-cold. It's enough to send shivers down my spine. Makina's bitter, heart-rending screams don't help either.*
Narration: *I think Amane's trying to maintain a relatively kind tone of voice, but she's actually more frightening as a result.*
Narration: *It crosses my mind that this could very well be described as bullying. But considering the current climate of hyper-sensitivity toward such matters, I'll refrain from voicing any hasty conclusions.*
Michiru: Not that I really care, but if we're doing this let's get going already. We don't have all day.
Yuuji: That's fine by me, but... what exactly is it that we're doing?
Yumiko: The standard "sports," I assume? So ridiculous. Why exactly do I have to put up with this nonsense...?
Yuuji: Sports...?
Narration: *I was hoping for more specific details, but playing sports in gym class hardly seems ridiculous. More like completely common-place.*
Sachi: Please allow me to explain the details.
Yuuji: ...Before that, I've got an unrelated question, if that's all right?
Sachi: Certainly, go ahead.
Yuuji: Why are you the only one in a maid uniform?
Sachi: ...Huh???
Yuuji: Don't give me that totally nonplussed look. For a second you almost convinced me that I'm the strange one here.
Sachi: Aah, my clothes? If you observe with care I think it should be obvious, but as you can see, this is a maid uniform specialized for physical exercise...
Yuuji: Sorry, let's move on. Shouldn't have asked...
Narration: *My mistake. The strangest thing here wasn't her clothes; it was me expecting anything resembling common sense from a student at this school.*
Yuuji: ...Okay, so? What exactly does "sports" involve here?
Sachi: Well, let's see... there isn't exactly a name for this event. It's sort of like kickball... or maybe soccer... with a dash of volleyball...
Sachi: Perhaps you could describe it as a new genre, incorporating elements from all of the above... 
Yuuji: ...What kind of an extreme sport is that...? All I got out of your description is that there's probably a ball involved.
Sachi: Yes, you use a volleyball to play.
Narration: *Sachi hands me a large round ball she'd been holding on to.*
Sachi: The pitcher throws this ball from the mound, and the player standing in the batter's box hits it with their bat.
Yuuji: ...They hit a volleyball? With a bat...?
Sachi: Yes. If the ball rolls into the infield, the batter runs toward first base.
Sachi: The fielding team obtains the ball and hurls or kicks it at the runner as hard as possible. If it hits the runner, they're out. Three outs and the sides change.
Yuuji: ...What if someone catches the ball on the fly?
Sachi: That's also an out. It's similar to baseball in that respect.
Yuuji: When and why did this strange game come into fashion...?
Michiru: It didn't, really. It's just that we only had five people in our school. We never had the numbers to do any real games.
Sachi: Also... there was quite the stubborn split of opinions... Some of us wanted dodgeball, some of us wanted softball, and so on...
Yuuji: So you ended up just doing them all at once...?
Yuuji: Was this your doing, Sakaki?
Yumiko: I'd appreciate it if you didn't try to blame everything on me.
Yumiko: Although in this case, it is true that I made the suggestion...
Yuuji: Then don't complain when I blame you.
Yumiko: The argument just wouldn't end, so I said we might as well do all the games. I distinctly do not remember saying we should play them all at the same time.
Yumiko: Look, if you understand the rules, can we just get started already?
Yuuji: What about Amane and Makina?
Amane: We're right here.
Makina: ...Uuu... I thought she was gonna rip it right off, ya know...
Yuuji: What, exactly...?
Makina: ...My head... or maybe my soul...
Yuuji: Amane...
Amane: Don't give me that look! It's discipline, all right!? If I don't give this girl a firm warning every once in a while, her mouth just gets filthier and filthier!
Yuuji: ...Are you her mother or what?
Narration: *―And so, after 15 minutes of wasted time, with Amane's second shout of "Alllright, let's do thisss!!" our bewildering match of mystery extreme sports begins.*
Narration: *Through the impartial results of rock-paper-scissors matches, the teams are divided as follows.*
Narration: *Bear Team:  Pitcher - Suou Amane; Catcher - Sakaki Yumiko;  Fielder - Irisu Makina.*
Narration: *Rabbit Team:  Pitcher - Kazami Yuuji; Catcher - Komine Sachi;  Fielder - Matsushima Michiru.*
Narration: *Our Rabbit Team ends up being first to bat.*
Narration: *The leadoff batter dons a softball helmet, grabs a colorful metal bat, and takes her place in the batter's box.*
Michiru: Alll-right! Bring it on!!
Narration: *With a grating, high-pitched shout, Michiru thrusts her bat out to point at the pitcher's mound, where Amane's settling into her stance with the volleyball in hand.*
Yuuji: What's this? Considering how apathetic she was, Michiru's gotten surprisingly into it now that the game's started.
Sachi: Yes, Michiru-sama is... how shall I put this...? She approaches everything negatively and with a great show of reluctance at first―
Sachi: But once the event in question actually gets started, she tends to take it more seriously than anyone else.
Yuuji: I see... but I'm willing to bet she's also the first one to get bored...
Sachi: You're quite perceptive.
Narration: *Unaware of the critical analysis she's receiving from her teammates, Michiru takes a few vigorous practice swings, then glares up at Amane.*
Michiru: I think we have a score to settle today! It's payback time!
Amane: Ahh... what was it? You're going to "regain your disgrace," right? Bahah!
Michiru: I just said it a little wrong, okay!!? You're always picking at people's tiny little mistakes FOREVER like that! Arrrrgggghhhhh!
Narration: *Watching Michiru stamp her feet in frustration in the batter's box, I whisper to Sachi, who's sitting next to me on the bench.*
Yuuji: So... what happened last time?
Sachi: Right... Uhm, during the previous gym class, Michiru-sama was unable to score a single point off Amane-san...
Sachi: And so, well... at the end of the match, she loudly shouted "I'll regain this disgrace someday, just you watch..."
Yuuji: ...Ahh...
Narration: *Disgrace tends to be something you want to repay, not regain.*
Narration: *I guess the words are kind of similar. Michiru must have gotten all excited and shouted out a garbled sentence before she even knew what she was saying.*
Yuuji: ...Just a thought here. Might Michiru be something of an idiot?
Sachi: ...Uhm... I'm afraid I'm not very comfortable providing the answer to that question...
Michiru: Hey, peanut gallery! I can hear you!! Shut it already!
Yuuji: Yeah, sorry, didn't intend to distract you. We'll keep quiet, so please regain as much disgrace as you like.
Michiru: I'm going to repay it, okay!? Repay, not regain! Mukiiii!!
Narration: *As Michiru screeches like a drugged monkey and brandishes her bat overhead, Amane's first pitch sails over the plate.*
Yumiko: ...Strike.
Michiru: Aaaaah!! He... you! That's cheating!
Amane: Heheh... I don' see any cheatin' here. The game's already started, yeah?
Michiru: Kuh...! Such humiliation!
Narration: *Receiving the return throw from Sakaki, Amane carefully finds her foothold on the pitcher's mound, a fearless smile on her face.*
Amane: Okay, second pitch, coming right up.
Michiru: Bring it!
Narration: *With that intense shout, Michiru takes firm hold of her bat and fixedly watches Amane's pitching motion.*
Narration: *Looking closely, Michiru's got the position of her hands on the bat reversed, but if I mentioned that now I get the feeling her only response would be another "shut it."*
Narration: *Guess I'll just watch over her gallant battle with silent respect.*
Amane: ...Hnnya!!
Narration: *Amane twists her long limbs into a sidearm motion, and the volleyball soars toward the squatting Sakaki's hands at an ideal velocity and angle.*
Michiru: Gnwwwooooo!! Home ruuuuuuuuuun!!!
Narration: *With an explosion of energy, Michiru swings her bat at full force, but― *
Narration: *Tragically, she cuts through empty air a good ten centimeters above the top of the ball, her blond twintails swinging aimlessly behind her.*
Yumiko: ...Strike two...
Michiru: Nuaaaaa!! Why, whyyyy!!
Narration: *Michiru slams her bat on home plate in a towering rage.*
Amane: ...Heeheehee... One to go, Michiru-chan.
Michiru: Don't call me that! I'm not a kid! I'll knock the next one outta here! Witness my legendary batting technique, born for this day...!
Yuuji: ...Hey. Michiru.
Michiru: What now!?
Yuuji: You've got your hands wrong.
Michiru: Hunh!?
Yuuji: You're batting right, so your right hand should be on top. You've got it backward.
Michiru: I knew that! I'm doing it on purpose! How do I hold it!?
Yuuji: ...You're obviously clueless... hold it with your right fist higher on the bat, your left fist below.
Michiru: Tell me that sort of stuff sooner, why don't you!? Argh, what the heckkkk!! 
Amane: Hey, can we get a move on here?
Michiru: Go ahead! I'm ready for you any time! Hold on a second!
Amane: ...Which is it?
Michiru: Bring it!!
Narration: *As Michiru bares her fighting spirit, Amane's face briefly suggests a dubious "Are you sure about that?" But she's not the type to think too hard about this sort of thing; her expression soon gives way to a smirking grin.*
Amane: This one's for real, mmkaaay?
Narration: *Forcefully swinging the ball up in her right hand, Amane takes a step forward on the mound, throwing the movement of her entire body into the pitch.*
Narration: *The ball flies out of Amane's hand, whistling through the air directly at its target. Which is... Michiru.*
Sachi: Michiru-samaaaa! Look ouuuut!
Michiru: ...Just as I thought!!
Narration: *Michiru, anticipating the beanball, pulls back half a step with her pivot leg and swings her bat in a wide arc...*
Michiru: ...Take thissssss!! Legendary technique, pitcher-payback!!!
Narration: *Michiru's vigorous stroke of the bat catches the ball beautifully in the sweet spot, sending it flying back toward Amane on the mound.*
Amane: Wha-!!?
Sachi: Aah! Is this the legendary "pitcher-payback" technique!?
Yuuji: ...Well, that's what she screamed, so I would assume so.
Narration: *Exactly where and how this thing became a legend is a question for another day. The ball rushes straight back toward Amane, who's still in an awkward position from releasing her pitch.*
Narration: *"That thing's going to hit her!!"*
Narration: *―Or so I thought for a split-second. Amane nimbly recovers and takes a firm stance as the ball approaches her.*
Amane: That all you got!? Instant-kill! Pitcher-payback-payback!!
Narration: *Turning to the side, she swings back with her left elbow and unleashes a firm right-handed fist stab in model karate form.*
Narration: *With a resounding thud, the ball is sent flying back toward where Michiru stands in the batter's box.*
Michiru: Grnrnrn! Impudent whelp!! Secret move! Pitcher-payback-payback-payback!!
Narration: *Michiru fires it right back.*
Amane: Not done yet!!! Pitcher-payback-payback-payback-payback!!
Michiru: Gnuooooooo!! Pitcher-payback-payback-payback-payback-payback!!
Amane: Horyaaaa!! Pitcher-payback-payback-payback-payback-payback-payback!!
Narration: *Right off the bat, and we already find ourselves in a deadlock...? Or rather, what the hell is with this development...?*
Narration: *I'm sort of reminded of those martial arts matches where both fighters run into the center of the ring at the first gong, stop dead, and just start bashing away at each other, but...*
Narration: *Where do things go from here? Are they planning to repeat "pitcher-paybacks" until they just run out of steam?*
Narration: *I can't read the next move... A strange game. There's no apparent path to victory for either side...*
Makina: Ama-neeeee! Keep it uppp! Go! Ama-nee! Goooooo! Pitcher-packsss!!
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes, what is it?
Yuuji: What exactly is a "pitcher-pack?"
Sachi: I wonder? Maki-chan's tongue is somewhat short, so I'd speculate that she stumbled over the word "pitcher-payback"...
Yuuji: Hrm... I see...
Michiru: Hunmppph!!! Pitcher-payback-payback-payback-payback-payback-payback- payback!!
Amane: Don't make me laugh!!! Pitcher-payback-payback-payback-payback-payback-payback- payback-payback!!
Narration: *Sparks continue to fly as the battle to the death between mound and batter's box continues along its repetitive course... but, I mean... what exactly are they getting all worked up over? It's too damn hot for this...*
Narration: *But I suppose women have their own battles that must be fought to the bitter end. This is clearly a contest between two truly indomitable spirits.*
Yuuji: By the way, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes, what is it?
Yuuji: Just how long is this futile exchange going to continue?
Sachi: I wonder? Most likely, until one of them gives up or finally gets bored, I would think...
Yuuji: ...Truly a thrilling, edge-of-your-seat battle of the wills. Mind if I use this opportunity to go buy a drink?
Sachi: Ah, shall I go buy something for you?
Yuuji: ...No, think I'll get it myself this time.
Narration: *At my words, Sachi skewers me with a searching glare.*
Sachi: ...Don't tell me you intend to imitate Sakaki-san? Go to "buy some juice," and then head straight home instead? That's not allowed.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *As the thought "damn, she saw through me" runs through my head, I make eye contact with Sakaki, who's still crouched behind the plate.*
Yumiko: ...What is it? Could you not stare at me like that?
Yuuji: ...So there was a previous offender, eh?
Yumiko: Kindly shut up... This is a pure waste of time...
Yuuji: Well... can't argue with that.
Narration: *So we resign ourselves to watch over their battle to the end... with the calm gazes of the elderly, watching their overly-energetic grandchildren skip rope with all their might...*
Narration: *But just as I'm beginning to think that this fiery clash of pride between Michiru and Amane might truly never end, the conclusion arrives in an unexpected form.*
Michiru: Pitcher-payback-payback-payback-payback-payback-payback- payback-payback-payback-payback-payback-payback-payback!!
Amane: Pitcher-payback-payback-payback-payba...!! Gahh!!!
Yuuji: ...Hey, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes, what is it?
Yuuji: What does that "Gahh" just now signify?
Sachi: I wonder? I'd speculate that it might be the sound of Amane-san losing her footing, then twisting her ankle, perhaps?
Yuuji: I see...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *...Wait, should that be my reaction here?*
Yuuji: So... isn't that kind of bad?
Sachi: ...Bad... you ask?
Narration: *Sachi stares blankly back at me for a moment. After a beat, her eyes widen and her mouth springs open.*
Sachi: Yes! That is, indeed, bad!!
Narration: *As we hurriedly jump off the bench, Makina is already rushing up to Amane, who's currently writhing on the mound.*
Makina: Ama-neeeeeee!!! Don't dieeeeeeee!!!
Amane: ...Guh... Owwwowow...
Narration: *Although it might look like a slapstick comedy scene if you squint, the atmosphere is actually pretty tense... Until a burst of out-of-place laughter breaks it.*
Michiru: Aaaaaa―hahhahhahhah! Serves you right!
Narration: *Michiru points toward the mound with her right hand, her left hand resting on her hip, her proud face the image of "woman triumphant."*
Michiru: Haa... haa... T-That's... That's what you get... haa... haa... What you get for... da! Daring to challenge me! Haa! Haa!
Yuuji: Should you really be striking a victory pose right now? You're completely burned out yourself.
Michiru: S-Shaddup, okay! T-This is nothing! Noth... hauaa～～... Ah, crap... sorry... dizzy... Sa-Sachi! Oxygen! Bring me oxyge...
Narration: *Her faint voice abruptly failing her altogether, Michiru's body begins to shake violently. She collapses to her knees on the spot with a thump.*
Michiru: ...Uguh...
Makina: Waah! She dropped! Chiruchiru's dead too!! <Oh my gah!> How could this happennn!? Why mus' everyone I come ta love dieeee!?!
Michiru: ...I-I'm not dead, okay!! Haa... haa... just a lil'... lightheaded... Bleeeeeh...
Narration: *Michiru scatters sparkling vomit onto the ground with a sickening gurgle.*
Narration: *Would this be the so-called "double-KO"...?*
Yuuji: So, Sachi. In this case, can we declare the one who stands up inside the ten-count the winner?
Sachi: No, uhm, I don't think we're at that stage anymore! I'm sorry, Kazami-san, but I'm going to go take a look at Michiru-sama. Can I ask you to take care of Amane-san?
Yuuji: Roger.
Amane: ...Ghhh... I screwed up...
Makina: ...Are you okay, Ama-nee? Your foot sorta went crack an' bent in a way it shouldn't, ya know...?
Yuuji: Probably shouldn't try to stand. If the bone's broken, the pressure might make it break the skin.
Amane: ...Don't SAY stuff like that!
Yuuji: Look, just stay put. Let me see your foot.
Amane: ...O-Okay...
Narration: *Amane, supported by our hands, slowly shifts to a sitting position on the mound.*
Narration: *I take her right leg in my hand and lift it up to take a look. It's not any worse than I'd expected. Fortunately, there doesn't seem to be a fracture, but there is red swelling beginning around the joint.*
Yuuji: ...Hrm... Doesn't seem to be broken, but... a sprain...? Well, if we're unlucky, might be a partial fracture...
Amane: A sprain, huh... It's been a while. You know, my feet are pretty small for my height and all, so I used to fall down pretty often...
Yuuji: Either way, it's the infirmary for you... Can you stand?
Amane: Hm... I think so...
Amane: ...Ggh... Kuh...!!
Yuuji: Don't put weight on your right foot. Just get yourself onto my back.
Amane: ...Huh?
Yuuji: Don't give me that. It's not so bad right now because you're pumped full of adrenaline from the shock, but if you overdo it you'll be crying later. Hurry up and get on.
Amane: ...What's this all of a sudden...? You're being awful nice.
Yuuji: I'm not going to play along with your jokes right now. You're hurt. Stop wasting time and do what I tell you.
Amane: ...Ah... okay...
Narration: *Amane softly leans her body against my back, and grabs the shoulders of my gym uniform somewhat hesitantly.*
Yuuji: You need a better grip than that. Wrap your arms around! Get a hold on my neck!
Amane: Ah, o... I-I got it... like this?
Narration: *As instructed, Amane wraps her arms around my neck, pushing her breasts firmly against my back.*
Narration: *Normally, I'd be throwing out a joke or two at this point, but this isn't the time.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi! I'm taking her to the infirmary! How's Michiru!?
Sachi: Ah...! Yes! Michiru-sama is currently taking oxygen! I believe she'll recover in another five minutes or so!
Narration: *Michiru lies flat on on the ground, limp as a beached tuna. Sachi's holding a portable can of oxygen to her mouth as we speak.*
Yuuji: I'm leaving command of the field to you! Adjust your tactics as the situation demands! Can you handle it, class representative!?
Sachi: Yes! Understood! I will take it from here!
Narration: *For some reason - maybe instinctively reacting to my tone - Sachi raises a hand in salute toward me.*
Yuuji: Alright, here we go, Amane.
Amane: O-Okay... sorry...
Yuuji: Not a problem.
Narration: *"This isn't something you need to apologize for."*
Narration: *I thought about that response, but ultimately decided against it.*
Narration: *The wounded tend to grow timid toward those around them. Better to avoid wording that might make her think of herself as "baggage" burdening others. Don't want to increase her anxiety.*
Narration: *I keep up a flow of communication, standard procedure to ensure the wounded doesn't faint out of pain.*
Yuuji: Where's the infirmary? Amane, do you know?
Amane: ...Uhm... Turn right up ahead... If you keep going until the dead end, the infirmary will be on the left...
Yuuji: We'll be there soon, try to endure it for the moment.
Amane: Ahaha... this is a little much... It's just a sprain, you know?
Yuuji: Don't make light of leg injuries. Soldiers get abandoned when they can't walk.
Amane: ...Soldiers, he says... Well... I guess... Yeah, you're right... The injured ones... die first...
Yuuji: Don't worry. Japan won't desert you, and I won't leave you to die either.
Amane: ...Sorry. I'm heavy, right?
Yuuji: Not particularly. Five bags of rice or so, at most.
Amane: ...Wait a second... why do you know my weight?
Yuuji: I'm used to carrying around heavy luggage on my back. I can estimate weight from the feeling on my shoulders.
Amane: ...Uhm, look... you are carrying me and all, so maybe I shouldn't be complaining, but...
Amane: Ordinarily, in this situation, you'd say "you're not heavy at all," okay? Like, you know... when you're dealing with a girl, maybe show a little consideration every once in a while?
Yuuji: You're lighter than I expected. Probably only looked heavy from your height and that oversized chest. You've got long legs, too... that must have thrown me off.
Amane: ...I guess it's nice to be complimented on my legs, but... that's kind of double-edged... I mean, just how much were you expecting me to weigh?
Yuuji: My impression was that you'd be comfortably above 60 kilos.
Amane: ...See, that is exactly what you do NOT say!
Narration: *As she speaks, Amane sharply tightens her arms into a chokehold around my neck.*
Yuuji: Look, stop thrashing around. You'll be the one crying if I drop you.
Narration: *I come to a brief halt on the spot and lift Amane's body, which had been sliding down my back, up more firmly around my shoulders.*
Amane: Heheheh... come to think of it, Yuuji-kun, your hands are full, aren't they?
Yuuji: What are you planning, woman...?
Narration: *In the next moment, Amane gently closes her eyes. Still clinging tightly to my neck, she brings her lips close.*
Amane: ...Nn... *Smack*...
Yuuji: ...Hey!
Narration: *I'd taken immediate evasive action in response to her suspicious movements, but Amane's lips nonetheless press against my cheek.*
Amane: ...Tch... you dodged...?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *"What the hell is wrong with this woman...?"*
Narration: *I've got half a mind to drop her on the hallway floor, but we are dealing with an injured party here...*
Narration: *I turn my head to the side to stare into Amane's face, finding her blushing in apparent embarrassment.*
Narration: *"...I thought... I met her for the first time at this school, but maybe...?"*
Amane: ...Geez, what... what're you staring at me like that for...
Yuuji: ...It's nothing.
Narration: *No matter how long or how carefully I study Amane's features, nothing comes to mind.*
Narration: *I was entertaining the possibility she might have been some childhood friend I'd parted from in tears or what have you, but I'm pretty well convinced that isn't the case.*
Narration: *Which would leave...*
Yuuji: ...Do I look like the lover you were tragically separated from in your previous incarnation? Is that it?
Amane: Ahah... what the heck is that? Do I look like that much of a headcase? You know, you really shouldn't make jokes like that in this school. Hits a little too close to home for some people.
Narration: *Pouting her lips, Amane knocks a fist against my head with a solid thunk.*
Yuuji: ...What are you, anyway?
Amane: ...Suou Amane...
Yuuji: Yes, my short-term memory is perfectly fine, thanks.
Narration: *Every time Amane speaks, her soft breaths strike my ear.*
Narration: *Is it just my imagination... or has her body temperature slowly been rising while I've had her on my back?*
Narration: *If she's suffered a partial fracture on that ankle, it might be that her body's beginning to generate a fever. Better get a move on.*
Narration: *Again lifting Amane further up on my back, I hurry to the infirmary.*
Yuuji: ...Doc! Emergency case! Get a move on!
Amane: Doc, he says...
Narration: *Still carrying Amane, I push my way forcefully into the room and shout for attention. But there's no one here whatsoever, much less a doctor.*
Yuuji: Why isn't anyone here? Everyone take a break at once?
Amane: We don't have a health teacher here. Just let me down on the bed, I guess I'll take care of the rest.
Yuuji: There's no doctor...? You mean they haven't hired anyone at all to staff this room?
Amane: Yep, that's right...
Narration: *For the time being, I lower Amane onto a nearby bed.*
Amane: They've been talking about getting a health teacher for a while now, but apparently it's pretty hard to find a good one. I guess they've at least got a supplier coming in to replace the medicine, though...
Yuuji: ...Well, fine... I'll take care of the treatment.
Amane: You can do that...?
Yuuji: I learned first aid at my previous school. I can handle something like this, at least.
Narration: *I kneel in front of Amane's leg, untie and remove her athletic shoe, then take her red, swollen right ankle in my hand.*
Yuuji: I'm going to move it. Tell me if it hurts.
Amane: ...Okay...
Narration: *Her ankle's slender, but compared to her uninjured left foot it's clearly inflamed pretty badly.*
Narration: *I bend Amane's ankle to various angles, carefully searching for the location of her injury.*
Narration: *It's not fractured after all, but I think the ligament might have been stretched, or the joint capsule ruptured.*
Narration: *Taking a roll of medical tape from the infirmary's first-aid kit, I loosely wrap it around Amane's ankle, restricting the range the joint can move―*
Narration: *Then retrieve ice from the freezer, stuff it into a bag, and press it over the injury through a towel, relieving the heat of the inflammation.*
Amane: ...Thank you... it feels a lot less painful now. You seem pretty experienced at this.
Yuuji: Well, just a bit...
Narration: *I'm accustomed to treating sprains and burns, at least.*
Narration: *When I was a kid, I was getting hit pretty much every day, and I still get my fair share of injuries even now.*
Amane: You really are a nice guy, Yuuji-kun...
Yuuji: Spare me. How exactly am I a "nice guy?" I just treated an injury. Anybody would do that much.
Amane: And now you take this deliberately cold attitude. Probably because you don't want the hassle of me "mistaking" you for a kind person and taking advantage of you?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *To be honest, Amane's words are pretty close to the bull's-eye.*
Narration: *When human beings find kindness, they naturally take advantage of it.*
Narration: *Before they realize it, they've grown dependent on that kindness. They lose their ability to function without it.*
Narration: *"If I disappeared, what would you do with yourself?"*
Narration: *...My master spoke those words to me when I was still a child.*
Amane: To be honest, I was prepared for you to just drop me off here with an "Alright then, I'll be going," and... then you just started treating me without a word, you know? I was pretty surprised.
Yuuji: ...Alright then, I'll be going!
Narration: *As I raise my right hand in farewell, Amane grabs my clothes firmly to prevent my retreat.*
Amane: ...Excuse me... Are you planning to leave a nervous, injured girl all by herself? Stick around a while!
Narration: *Am I the only one who thinks she should be slightly more "nervous" about being alone with a teenage male in this room? Which has a bed? When her leg is injured, to the point that she can't walk?*
Yuuji: What do you want from me? If you have something to say, then spit it out already.
Amane: Okay, then I'll get straight to the point. Be my boyfriend.
Yuuji: ...What?
Amane: What, you couldn't hear it the first time? Want me to say it again?
Yuuji: Why are you saying this?
Amane: Because I love you.
Yuuji: Since when?
Amane: Since the instant we met. "Love at first sight," as they say.
Yuuji: ...Hmm...
Amane: ...Kind of a cold response. You don't believe me, do you?
Yuuji: Then let me ask... what part of me did you fall in love with?
Amane: Hmm... let's see... The way you seem sort of hopeless, I guess? "If I'm not around, how is this guy gonna keep himself alive?" and all that. I'm kind of a sucker for that kind of man, it seems.
Yuuji: I see. Can't say I have a problem with reliable women, myself.
Amane: Ah, really? That's pretty convenient, huh? Whaddaya think? Shall we start dating?
Narration: *"What does this girl think she's grinning about...?"*
Narration: *Momentarily speechless with bemusement, I hold my right palm to my forehead and run it up through my hair.*
Yuuji: ...Look, is teasing me that much fun?
Amane: Hmm, it's a little upsetting to hear you put it that way, but... all right, fine. If you don't want to become my boyfriend, I'll become your big sister.
Yuuji: ...What?
Amane: Well? Think you could use a beautiful, sweet big sis?
Yuuji: I regret to inform you that we're not hiring big sisters at the present time.
Amane: Oh, so when will you be hiring?
Yuuji: We anticipate no vacancies until doomsday.
Amane: Geez, gimme a break here...
Yuuji: That's my line, idiot.
Narration: *Shifting my grip on the ice pack, I give Amane a slap on the ankle.*
Amane: Ngyaa! That huuurts! Geez! Do you enjoy bullying girls!?
Yuuji: Let's see. If you make it a yes/no question, then yes. I think I'd be safely on the "enjoys bullying girls" side.
Amane: A sadist, eh...? But don't worry. I know this may come as a bit of a surprise, but I happen to be a natural-born masochist.
Yuuji: ...Just what do you want from me, exactly?
Amane: Hey... is it that firm a "no?" No matter what? I'm kind of losing my confidence as a woman here...
Yuuji: ...I'm not trying to reject you, but don't you think you're rushing things here?
Amane: I hear when someone says "It's too premature for that," they'll be saying the exact same thing ten years down the line.
Yuuji: We're not talking about politics here.
Amane: Look, I'm telling you I'll give up on being your girlfriend and be your big sis instead. Okay?
Yuuji: Starting off by asking for the sky, then dragging out concessions as a "compromise" in the negotiations? You really do think you're a politician.
Amane: ...Hrmph... thick-skinned as I am, I'm going to get hurt pretty soon, okay?
Yuuji: ...Haaaaaaa...
Narration: *I drop my shoulders in an exaggerated gesture and heave a heavy sigh.*
Narration: *I'm sure this girl intends to continue this aggressive pursuit until I tell her what she wants to hear...*
Narration: *It would be a serious pain in the ass if she tried to push me any harder than this. As a point of compromise, this is probably right at the limit of my tolerance.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah, yeah, I got it. If you want to play the big sister that badly, I'll go along with it...
Narration: *If there was a mirror in front of me as I speak these words, I'd be staring into the face of a man with the word "RELUCTANT" stamped on his forehead.*
Narration: *"...Might this have been a hasty decision...?"*
Narration: *Indifferent to my shame and regret, Amane beams happily, dropping her hand on top of my head with a gentle thump in grand big-sister style.*
Amane: Very well then! I'll accept that! From now on I'm "Onee-chan" to you, got it?
Yuuji: ...Don't think this means you can pet my head whenever you feel like it...
Narration: *Although I don't go so far as to push Amane's hand away, I can't say this is an especially pleasant feeling.*
Narration: *Dutiful and clever dogs, as a rule, don't wag their tails when someone other than their "master" pats their head...*

Date: *June 22, 2011, 12:22 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *―I prefer eating my meals alone.*
Narration: *It's just easier that way. For one thing, I don't have to go through the hassle of pretending to enjoy what I'm eating.*
Narration: *In the first place, there's no cafeteria or lunch counter in this school. The facilities themselves apparently exist, but after all, you can count the number of students and permanent staff here on the fingers of your hands.*
Narration: *Spending the money to run a lunchroom for the benefit of that small a number of people would be completely inefficient any way you look at it.*
Narration: *So then, you might ask, how does lunch work at this place? It's a pretty simple system.*
Narration: *When we arrive at the classroom in the morning, we can write our names in a notebook on the podium. Every lunch period, a supplier delivers food to everyone who's signed up. Boxed lunch catering, as they call it.*
Narration: *Of course, it's completely up to every individual student whether we take advantage of the catering.*
Narration: *Because the menu is basically left up to the supplier, it's possible to sign up only when they're offering something you want. Personally, I haven't asked for delivery even once.*
Narration: *It's not that I'm worried about saving money, or that I can't trust food made by others. I don't have any religious principles against eating meat, either. I'm just not interested enough in what I eat to bother.*
Narration: *They say it's a common result of being raised in a "food-poor" environment, and considering the time I spent living together with my master and her crappy cooking, I guess it's only natural. A full stomach and adequate nutrition is all I need.*
Narration: *Incidentally, the lunch I prepared for myself today is three plain salt riceballs. My side dish was also a quick job―*
Narration: *After frying onions and garlic, I threw them together to cook with some canned tomatoes and kidney beans, adding a packet of chili powder for seasoning.*
Narration: *As my master used to say, "Humans ain't that fragile. You won't starve as long as you've got beans to eat"―*
Narration: *But I guess going with nothing but the basics is a bit too bleak for me. No point in living like a monk, so I've also brought an apple for dessert.*
Narration: *Kind of feels like I'm eating nothing but red stuff, but there's no point worrying about a meal's appearance. This is perfectly adequate for my needs.*
Amane: Hey there! Yuuji～♪
Yuuji: ...So now she's dropped the honorific...
Amane: Hm? What?
Yuuji: Don't just call me "Yuuji," woman.
Amane: Well, I'm your big sister now, right? Using an honorific for my little brother would just be weird.
Yuuji: I don't remember giving you permission to not use one.
Amane: I don't remember you forbidding it, either.
Yuuji: Okay, it's now forbidden.
Amane: My goodness, what a tyrant. In that case, I have a condition of my own.
Yuuji: What do you want?
Amane: If you call me "Onee-chan," I'll stop calling you "Yuuji."
Yuuji: ......
Amane: Whatcha think, Yuu-chan?
Yuuji: Spare me. Not even my parents ever called me that.
Amane: C'mon now, why not give it a try? Say "Onee-chan" for me.
Yuuji: Ridiculous.
Amane: What kind of an attitude is that!? In that case, it's "Yuuji" for you, got it!?
Yuuji: ...Do whatever you want.
Amane: I intend to. Yuuji.♪
Yuuji: And? You need something?
Amane: Hmm? Nah, it's just that I spotted you starting that traaagic lunch all by yourself. C'mon, let's eat together.
Yuuji: ...No, I'll pass. Take your volunteer work to Makina, why don't you?
Amane: Of course, Makina's going to be with us too. Maaakinaaa!
Makina: Oo? Ya call?
Amane: ...Yes, I did. But can you please try to speak properly?
Makina: Nni? Onii-chan's got a boxed lunch too? Whatcha eatin'?
Amane: In one ear and out the other...
Makina: Rice balls and an apple, an'... what's this red stuff?
Yuuji: Baked beans.
Makina: Those look kinda tasty...
Yuuji: Want to try some?
Makina: Yeah!
Amane: Geez, don't beg people for food like that! You'd think we weren't feeding you anything at home.
Makina: D'licious!! Ama-nee! Gimme some bread! This would def'nitely work with bread!
Amane: Listen to me when I'm talking to you!
Makina: Oo?
Amane: Don't give me "Oo"... And you! Just what are you feeding Makina?
Yuuji: Like I said, beans. She just had a mouthful, hardly a big deal.
Amane: Beans... Whoa, what? What's with this depressing "lonely businessman in his forties" lunch?
Yuuji: Beans are nutritious. There's no problem.
Makina: It's pretty dang good, ya know?
Amane: ...Let's see.
Yuuji: Hey, you. Don't just start eating my food.
Amane: Hmm, I guess it is pretty good. But this is canned stuff, isn't it?
Yuuji: Well, the beans and the tomatoes, yeah...
Makina: I love canned food too! *Chomp*... *Nom* *Nom*...
Yuuji: Look, stop eating it already. This is all I've got.
Makina: Speakin' of canned food, I've been wonderin' this for a long time... How do they peel those canned mandarin orange slices so perfectly?
Yuuji: They don't. They melt the skin off with acid and alkali.
Amane: ...Geh! Seriously? That sounds kind of bad for you...
Yuuji: Don't worry, the chemicals are neutralized, and they wash the fruit with water after. It's perfectly safe.
Makina: Tha'ssa relief... *Om* *Nom*...
Yuuji: Hey, you...! Haaah. The girl's already halfway through my lunch.
Amane: Ahaha, sorry. As an apology, we'll split some of our lunch with you, okay?
Yuuji: It's fine, don't worry about it. I'm not desperate enough to start stealing other people's food.
Amane: C'mon now, we've got plenty! No need to hold back. Behold!
Narration: *With that exclamation, Amane brings out a huge wrapped lunch. Looks like she's actually got a number of boxes stacked on top of each other.*
Amane: Feast your eyes on a true work of culinary art.
Narration: *Opening the lid, she reveals a box packed with a rich variety of vividly-colored side dishes, practically indistinguishable from a delivery lunch from some well-established restaurant.*
Yuuji: I see, no wonder the neighborhood calls this place the Money-Sink Academy. Pretty luxurious for a school lunch...
Amane: Hmm? This isn't one of the catered lunches. I made it.
Yuuji: ...Seriously?
Amane: Haven't I already mentioned? My family runs a Kyoto-style restaurant in Kanda.
Yuuji: ...Kyoto food in a district of Tokyo?
Amane: Mah mom's th' daughter of an old-school Kyoto restaurant, and m'dad's a cook from Kanda.
Yuuji: No kidding...?
Narration: *So that's where Amane's infrequent lapses into that weird Kansai accent come from...*
Narration: *And come to think of it, the short-tempered, vaguely masculine side of her personality makes a lot more sense knowing that her father's from a blue-collar neighborhood like Kanda.*
Makina: Ama-nee's crazy good at cooking, ya know? She's not a big fan of meat, so we don't get mucha that, but what she does make is super delicious!
Yuuji: You don't eat meat, Amane?
Narration: *Now that she mentions it, I don't see much in the way of meat dishes inside this box.*
Yuuji: Bit of a surprise. I had you down as a carnivore for sure...
Amane: Well... it's not like I'm a vegetarian, and I can cook meat just fine. But, you know... if I get too much protein, I'll end up growing even bigger. Which I'd kiiinda like to avoid.
Yuuji: What, your breasts getting too heavy?
Amane: I'm talking about my height!
Narration: *Ah. Well, I guess you can't exactly shed inches the way you can pounds...*
Narration: *Cutting back on meat now isn't going to make her any shorter, but if Amane keeps a careful eye on things, it might help maintain the status quo.*
Narration: *Bit of a reactionary approach, considering she's already pretty damn tall, but I guess that's just your typical passive Japanese mindset at work.*
Narration: *As JB once told me, "there aren't many Japanese who go to the dentist before their teeth start to hurt."*
Amane: But I guess boys want their meat, huh? I'll make some next time, so make do with this for today.
Yuuji: I'm not a huge fan of meat myself. More importantly, I'll take care of my own food expenses. You don't have to worry about my tastes.
Amane: I'm making Makina's share every day anyway, so adding a little more isn't that big of a deal at all. No need to hold back.
Yuuji: Why are you so determined to stick your nose into my eating habits?
Amane: Well, you're my little bro, right?
Yuuji: ...What?
Makina: You're my big bro, right?
Yuuji: ......What?
Makina: Right?
Yuuji: ...I don't get it.
Narration: *In other words, they just want to play house...?*
Narration: *Or maybe somebody... say the principal... ordered them to "become friends with Kazami-kun" for some reason...?*
Narration: *Either way, I'd prefer to maintain some distance. I can't be as casual about this as a normal student might be. I have too many things I'd like to keep to myself.*
Amane: I mean, isn't it a little sad to be eating rice and beans for lunch at your age?
Yuuji: I'm used to simple food.
Amane: Okay, that too. The whole "I'm used to being bullied" thing, that's also pretty pathetic. Just what have you been eating until now?
Yuuji: ...Well... I don't know, nothing special...
Narration: *When I was a young kid, I may not have gotten much in the way of luxury, but I ate normal meals.*
Narration: *My current emphasis on low-effort, nutritious food is the product of the way they did things at my previous "school."*
Narration: *Pardon my French, but at that place the principle was "eat fast, shit fast." In the morning, we were kicked out of bed at 6 AM sharp for roll call, exercise, and running; then it was doubletime to the mess hall.*
Narration: *We had a few minutes to eat breakfast. Take your time, and you'd get a dressing-down from one of the "seniors." So everyone stuffed whatever food they could grab into their mouth and forced it down their throats as fast as possible.*
Narration: *Lunch was slightly different, in that the sheer amount of food they gave us became a challenge. The piles of meat and vegetables would have been hard enough to handle alone, but they'd throw in a heaping bowl of rice as well.*
Narration: *We were expected to cram all that into our stomachs in about ten minutes, washing it down with miso soup.*
Narration: *Naturally, we weren't allowed to leave a scrap of food on our plates. Vomit it up and they'd tell you to push it all back down again. In other words, the taste was not exactly the first thing on our minds.*
Narration: *I never enjoyed eating that much in the first place, so once my meals became outright painful, approaching food in a purely business-like fashion felt like the natural response.*
Narration: *Nothing but rice and beans for lunch might seem "sad" to Amane, but I'm not fighting my friends for a can of food, and I've even got fruit as a dessert...*
Narration: *By my standards, this is a high-class, elegant meal.*
Amane: I mean, you're always making this face that just screams "I'm only eating because I have to." Can't we do something about that?
Yuuji: If my face is putting you off your food, I suggest you don't look at it.
Amane: Geez, you're such a wet blanket. Your beautiful big sis is offering to make you lunch, so this is the part where you stop being stubborn and say "thanks."
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Amane: What now?
Yuuji: ...Nothing... Yeah, you're right about this one. Sorry.
Amane: ...Huh? What? You're suddenly going along with it...? This is a little freaky...
Yuuji: Well... can't hurt to play along once in a while...
Narration: *To tell the truth, I had a similar discussion in the past with another pushy woman. Ended up turning into an outright fight.*
Narration: *A certain busybody German had this habit of coming to the mountain cabin where I lived with my master, mainly to subject us both to shrill nagging sessions...*
Narration: *She'd barge in, clean up without even asking permission, make food nobody asked for, and then leave just as quickly. I think the woman must've gotten some sick pleasure out of it.*
Narration: *One day in particular, I got pretty indignant when she put away some book I was in the middle of reading. I ended up firing off the line "You're not my damn mom," with predictably unpleasant results.*
Narration: *Well, it wasn't exactly the first time we'd fought, and it's true that I found her incessant meddling annoying. So I honestly told her as much. Serious mistake.*
Narration: *The woman in question, already a full-grown adult, spat out the supremely childish words "Fine! See if I care!"―*
Narration: *And then, of all things, she broke down in tears, leaving me in a complete bewildered panic.*
Narration: *Since that disastrous experience, I've learned a lot about how to handle women. The first lesson: "Knowing when to back down is crucial."*
Narration: *"Don't resist a woman's kindness."*
Narration: *"When a woman gets worked up, words won't get through to her."*
Narration: *And the most troublesome lesson of all: women of the busybody type "remember the smallest grudges through all eternity."*
Yuuji: I'm happy you're willing to make lunch for me, but don't feel like you have to do it every day. I'd appreciate it when you have the time.
Amane: Ah... uhm, sorry... you know, I wasn't really trying to be that pushy about this... Well... I mean...
Yuuji: I know your intentions were good, Amane.
Narration: *I don't have a reason to refuse that would satisfy her. Not one I can bring up here, at least. Anyway, I'm not looking to make the atmosphere in the classroom awkward over something like this.*
Narration: *As for Amane... I don't know how she interpreted my sudden change of tune, but she sounds downright contrite about her aggressiveness. We're both being mature about things all of a sudden.*
Narration: *Guess the two of us are still capable of being reasonable with each other. Probably a good sign.*
Makina: Anyway, it's time to chow down! I'm hungry, hombre! *Nom* *Nom*...
Amane: ...Hey, you... Aaah, there go the last of Yuuji's beans.
Makina: Nwhoa!? Since when!? Who coulda done such a thing!!?
Amane: You know no shame.
Yuuji: Well, a healthy appetite is a good thing...
Amane: Talk like that and she'll take your rice balls and apple too, you know?
Makina: Apples're my number two fave, right after strawberries! ...Hohoh... this guy looks tasty indeed...! *Slurp*...
Amane: You just had an apple this morning! Don't be such a glutton!
Yuuji: I don't really mind giving her the apple, but... I thought you said Makina didn't have that big of an appetite?
Amane: Ah, well... I guess it'd be better to say her eating habits are totally unbalanced. She won't eat at all for a while, but when she does she'll pack away three meals at once...
Yuuji: Sounds like a bit of an exaggeration.
Narration: *I drop my hand on Makina's head with a thump.*
Yuuji: Where would the kid be storing all that in this tiny body?
Amane: I had the same thought, but it's a fact. Some nights she'll polish off a huge dinner, then sidle up to me and say "I'm hung'y" five minutes later.
Makina: Welp, everybody has days like that!
Amane: No, they really don't.
Yuuji: Strange... Maybe she works like a mole, or a rhino? Inefficient at absorbing energy from her food, so she has to keep stuffing herself or she'll starve to death...?
Amane: ...Let's not waste time talking about this. I'll spread out the lunch. Makina, give me a hand.
Makina: Aye!
Narration: *For a second, I thought I saw a shadow fall across Amane's face, but she and Makina quickly get to work. They drag nearby desks and chairs up to mine, creating one large island.*
Amane: It's nothing special, but enjoy.
Narration: *Amane pushes one of the stacked lunch boxes at me. Inside, there's deep-fried tofu covered with red bean paste, accented with thinly sliced boiled daikon radish―*
Narration: *Not to mention broccoli with sesame sauce, fried burdock root, Kyoto-style grilled mackerel, and chicken meatloaf. Together, they make an amazingly well-balanced and elaborate meal.*
Narration: *Holding back at this point would be downright rude. I thank her for the food and extend my chopsticks to the sliced daikon radish.*
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *Amane's cooking is somewhat light on the seasoning.*
Narration: *I'd noticed as much before, when I had dinner in her room, but―*
Narration: *To my tongue, used to preservatives and artificial coloring, her food seems extremely gentle. Probably because I haven't eaten real home cooking in a long time, it tastes even better than I'd expected.*
Yuuji: ...Delicious...
Amane: Hm? What was that?
Yuuji: Amane, you really are an excellent cook.
Makina: I told ya so. Ama-nee's the best, right?
Amane: Well, I was born into a family of cooks and all.  ...And didn't you already eat my cooking, just the other day?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, true.
Narration: *The dinner in her room was a simple stew, and the main ingredients were just some off-the-shelf fish products, so there weren't any real surprises...*
Narration: *But this meal has the vaguely nostalgic essence of "home cooking." The taste calls up faded memories of the meals my mother served me. Honestly, it's a bit of an emotional jolt.*
Amane: My mom used to say "Ah don't care if ya turn out stupid or plain-faced, but you're gonna learn ta make food." I got a lot of cooking lessons even as a kid.
Makina: Hey, Onii-chan! I'll feed ya! How 'bout an egg? Wanna egg? Say aaan!
Yuuji: No, I'll feed myself, thanks...
Makina: C'mon, aaaan.♪
Narration: *Even eating with others like this is a concession on my part. This is going way past "ticklish" and into seriously "awkward" territory.*
Narration: *Makina thrusts the omelet toward my nose with a clumsy grip on her chopsticks. I instinctively pull back, and turn a frank scowl in Amane's direction.*
Yuuji: Hey... Amane.
Narration: *"Do something about this girl." Or so my glance was intended to convey. But instead, Amane bites her lower lip lightly, and an irrepressible smile spreads across her face.*
Narration: *Grabbing a kinpira burdock root with her chopsticks, she presses it toward my face, which I'd turned away from Makina's attack.*
Amane: C'moon, aaaan.♪
Yuuji: ...Brutus!!
Narration: *Et tu!?*
Amane: You've got cute girls on both arms, hand-feeding you, you know? Royal treatment, am I right?
Makina: That's right, ya know? How 'bout ya get the message already?
Yuuji: That's my line...
Narration: *Caught between a rock and a hard place. Theoretically, I should gain distance, then suppress each target individually. Step one: I need a chance to take evasive action.*
Narration: *"Have to create some sort of distraction...!"*
Narration: *Everyone in this room is now a potential weapon of last resort. My frantic gaze settles on Sakaki, sitting alone in silence, picking food from a catered lunch with her chopsticks.*
Narration: *"Sakaki! I'm begging you!"*
Narration: *As Sakaki glances toward us out of the corner of her eye, I send her a desperate SOS with my gaze. Her own silent message follows―*
Narration: *"Please. Don't think you're going to drag me into this!"*
Narration: *―A truly cold and heartless answer.*
Narration: *A brief "Please try to eat a little more silently" from your mouth could save my life, and you abandon me...? Is this the way Mihama Academy's management treats its students!?*
Narration: *I've just witnessed with my own eyes the tragic moment. Long years trusting in a superpower's "umbrella;" forbidden from developing a military, still shedding blood and sweat in defense of our nation - all come to naught.*
Narration: *Sakaki! Sakaki, my friend and ally! In the end, was I nothing to you but a shield against the menace of Amane and Makina? A sacrifice to suffer in your place when the time came!?*
Yuuji: # **...Kuh...**
Narration: *No reason to despair, Kazami Yuuji. From the start, you were a mere pawn in the great game. A dog, kept alive on the whims of your masters. And you threw away the right to expect mercy from God a long time ago. Didn't you know as much?*
Narration: *It's too late now to think of the national interest. All that's left to me is to embrace this moment of reckoning. Endure the unendurable, suffer the insufferable. Find the cool serenity of still water!*

Amane: Is this annoying to you?
Yuuji: ...What...?
Amane: Getting pushed into my little games and all. Maybe you think it's a pain in the ass. Maybe you just want me to leave you alone. Maybe it's incredibly annoying...
Amane: But this is the only thing I can do right now. I can't think of any other way...
Amane: I don't know about your past, and even if I did I couldn't do anything about it. Other than offer you hollow sympathy, which I won't. I know how miserable that feels on the receiving end.
Amane: Maybe this is just me making myself feel better. Sorry. But could you please deal with it? In other words, just give up. C'mon, open up. Aaan.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *This Suou Amane woman is too clever at times.*
Narration: *When she puts it like that, no matter how badly I want to escape this situation, there's no way I can bring myself to run away...*
Narration: *That ruthless way she cuts off my path of retreat is nostalgic in a way. Reminds me of my big sister.*
Narration: *Then again, compared to Kazuki, I guess Amane's methods are almost charming... As that thought passes through my head, the tension naturally drains from my body, and I let my mouth fall open.*
Yuuji: ...Nn...
Narration: *The kinpira she throws in my mouth has that same simple, light seasoning. The same taste of "home."*
Amane: Tasty?
Yuuji: ...Yeah...
Narration: *The food is good, to be sure. But what's with this stifling feeling?*
Narration: *The soft taste of home cooking, a meal spent with others. I understand this feeling of harmony to be a kind of happiness―*
Narration: *And in counter-reaction to the peaceful atmosphere, a dark thought spreads through my mind. "I shouldn't be sitting here." My chest feels tight. Drawing breath is uncomfortable.*
Narration: *I'm off balance.*
Narration: *I know exactly why.*
Narration: *I've spent one and a half years since my master's death keeping my distance from others. In that time, I've grown starved for this sort of contact. And I don't want to admit that to myself, because that means facing the question.*
Narration: *Do I deserve an ordinary life?*
Narration: *Do I have the right to an everyday, routine existence, living for small moments of happiness?*
Amane: ...It's fine...
Yuuji: ...Huh...?
Amane: It's fine, go ahead and have some from my share.
Yuuji: Uh... Yeah...
Makina: That's right! You're a growin' boy! Eat it all up, get nice an' plump! C'mon, aaan!
Yuuji: ...Look, I told you I can feed myself...
Narration: *"I've got to get used to this sort of thing sooner or later." I want to believe that, but there's a part of me that can't. Even now, there's a nagging discomfort in the corner of my mind.*
Narration: *There's always a side of me that accepts and a side of me that denies.*
Narration: *And in a fight, the side that denies always comes out on top.*
Narration: *I guess that's the first thing I should try to fix about myself.*
Narration: *"Is there a reason I can't stay broken?"  An obvious question, but I think I'll leave it for another time.*

Date: *June 23, 2011, 11:21 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *―Just like at any other school, the start of a recess period here means that someone runs off to buy drinks for the group.*
Narration: *There was a similar system at my previous school, so the event itself is familiar. The fact that our designated gopher puts on a maid uniform for the task, on the other hand, is still going to take some getting used to.*
Sachi: All right everyone, please let me know what you'd like to drink.
Amane: I feel a little bad that you're always the one to do this. Green iced tea, please.
Sachi: Think nothing of it. I'd be making the trip to buy my own, anyway... All right, a green iced tea for Amane-san.
Michiru: Okay then, milk tea for me!
Sachi: Yes, milk tea for Michiru-sama. Of course.
Yumiko: I'd like some lemon tea...
Sachi: The usual sugar-free variety, I assume...? Certainly.
Sachi: Kazami-san, what's your pleasure?
Yuuji: ...What's available?
Sachi: Well, for the most part, I think I should be able to obtain anything you request...
Yuuji: Hrm. In that case, I'll have Universi-Tea.
Sachi: ...!! U-Uhmm...?
Yuuji: Thought I'd keep the tea combo going.
Amane: Okay, look, you just made that tea up.
Yuuji: Hold the gum syrup.
Amane: There's. No. Such. Thing. Okay?
Sachi: ...Universi... Tea...?
Amane: Okay, look, Sacchan. The way you try really hard to understand everything you're told is a strength of yours. But sometimes it's also a weakness, you know?
Amane: And you, Yuuji. You know Sacchan takes everything seriously, so don't confuse her with stupid jokes!
Makina: I'll go wit' Synchronici-Tea!
Amane: ...Now look what you've done. Now that dimwitted copy-cat's doing it too!
Yuuji: True. My bad...
Narration: *But when you offer me "anything," I think it's only natural to want to explore the limits...*
Yuuji: Okay then, I'll go with water. Make mine non-carbonated.
Sachi: ...Non-carbonated... is it?
Amane: In other words, he just wants mineral water.
Sachi: Ah, certainly, now I understand. And how about Maki-chan?
Makina: Mmkay, I'll take some milk! Make mine... non-carbonated!
Sachi: ...!!? U-Uhm...?
Amane: Milk isn't carbonated in the first place! And what the heck was with that attempt at a cool-guy voice!?
Makina: It's my Onii-chan impression! Hrm, not a problem!
Amane: ...Her "impression" is bizarre, and nothing she's saying makes any sense. I'm at a real loss. Where do I even begin?
Yuuji: Why the glare in my direction?
Amane: This is all your fault, that's why!
Sachi: Uhmm... in other words, normal milk would be acceptable...?
Makina: Yeah! Get me the tastiest one!
Sachi: The tastiest milk? Certainly. I'll be on my way, then. Please excuse me.
Narration: *With those words, Sachi picks up the hem of her skirt and bows to us, then quietly leaves the classroom.*
Amane: Seriously, what a pain... Makina's been imitating Yuuji in anything and everything lately...
Michiru: Well, this girl's always been easily influenced. Like that foul mouth of hers... Hate to say it, but she picked that up from you, Amane.
Amane: I'm not foul-mouthed, okay? I'm just the type to say what I'm thinking, instead of stewing over it forever.
Yumiko: ...Yes, and as she's telling you, that was a bad influence on the girl. Not to say that a little foul language strikes me as that much of a problem...
Michiru: Well... yeah. Compared to how she was at first, I think this is an improvement...? Sorta. Maybe?
Yuuji: What, was the girl even worse when she arrived here?
Makina: That's not it. It's just... hmm... lessee...
Amane: She used to be a lot quieter. Meek as a kitten, really. Didn't take to anyone, didn't talk to anyone. Spent all her time playing with dolls by herself.
Makina: He... geez, you don't gotta bring up ancient history here...
Narration: *Anyone has a thing or two in their past they don't want others to know about. And if you're attending a school like this, merely touching on the subject is probably enough to make some old wounds ache.*
Narration: *There seems to be an established principle of mutual restraint when it comes to these sore spots. Our conversation shifts fairly smoothly away from the details.*
Amane: ...Well, the point is... compared to the fragile Makina we used to know, the current edition is an improvement.
Makina: Don't feel like I've changed that much, m'self...
Amane: No? But you've even started eating tofu lately.
Michiru: ...Tofu?
Amane: This girl is a ridiculously picky eater, you know?
Amane: She only eats the stuff she likes, and she only likes bread and fruit. It was a real pain getting her to eat anything else, but all of a sudden she's gotten a lot better about trying new things.
Makina: Uuu... that's 'cause Onii-chan...
Yuuji: Having favorite foods is fine, but don't reject something you haven't tried. At least eat some before you decide to hate it.
Makina: ...So th' man says.
Narration: *"Experience" is the most useful possible form of knowledge. A precious privilege, reserved for those who manage to stay alive.*
Narration: *Sometimes, the most instructive and memorable lessons of all come from the deaths of your comrades.*
Narration: *But I wasn't trying to preach to Makina, or make any complicated argument about her values.*
Narration: *I just wanted to get across that ignorance isn't something you should cling to proudly. You're only embarrassing yourself when you insist that you hate some food you've never eaten.*
Amane: Well, I'm honestly happy that she's stopped with the picky eating. Not so much that she's started imitating Yuuji in all these weird ways, though.
Yuuji: For example...?
Amane: Like I said, the way she talks. Haven't you noticed Makina's language getting weirdly arrogant and pompous lately...? I wonder whose fault that might be?
Yuuji: You're blaming me?
Amane: Uhm, you're the only person here who talks like that.
Yuuji: Hey, Makina. Seems you've been coming off as a little arrogant lately. Better watch your step, got it?
Makina: Hrm. Duly noted.
Michiru: Look, this is exactly what we're talking about, okay?
Makina: Ah? You talkin' to me, punk?
Amane: Okay, what's with the sudden aggression?
Yumiko: Well, the girl has always been easily influenced by others... and if you consider the positive effects it's had on her, is there really any reason to force her to suppress that habit?
Makina: Oh? Wise words! This girl knows what I'm talkin' about. Sometimes ya just gotta lay off! Nice goin', Yoshiko!
Yumiko: Who's Yoshiko!? I'm Yumiko! I'd appreciate it if you didn't scramble my name for your amusement!
Makina: ...Huh? That really worth gettin' mad about?
Amane: I mean... couldn't we get her to just imitate our better habits?
Yuuji: ...I think the problem's with the samples she's working off, to be honest.
Amane: I really don't think you can talk.
Makina: Thanks ta everybody, I'm pretty happy right now, ya know?
Makina: Got my cheerfulness from Ama-nee, and learned t'enjoy books through Yumi-chan. Picked up hard work and not givin' up easy from Sacchin.
Makina: And Onii-chan showed me how to be strong an' live with courage? Something like that...
Makina: I guess pretty much everyone 'cept Chiruchiru's taught me somethin', ya know?
Michiru: Hey!! What's that supposed to mean!? Learn from me too! Like, my tsundere skills or something!!
Makina: ...Why would I do that...? Whazzat crap even good for...?
Michiru: Wha-! Can you please stop flatly denying my entire way of life without even batting an eyelid!?
Makina: S'okay! Now that I think about it, I'm learnin' from Chiruchiru too, y'know? As a negative example...
Michiru: What the heck!? You're just calling me an idiot after all!
Makina: Yep! But I love ya!
Michiru: Haah...!?
Makina: I love ya a whole lot, Chiruchiru! So it's okay!
Michiru: Ah... uh... okay... I don't really get it, but... yeah... really?
Makina: Whaddya think? Mockin' you ruthlessly, then switchin' to lovey-dovey mode at the end for maximum contrast! Tsundere enough for ya!?
Michiru: Okay, I'm pissed off after all!
Makina: Huh? But it's true that I like you a whole lot, ya know? It's fun havin' you around, Chiruchiru. Even if you are an idiot...
Michiru: Aaah! That a fact? Nice to hear! Thanks SO much! Arggh, geez! Don't call me an idiot! Only idiots call people idiots, got it!?
Yuuji: ...Whoops, the break's already over.
Amane: ...Huh? Sacchan's really slow getting back... I hope she didn't run into any trouble.
Yumiko: Why don't you call her if you're worried?
Amane: Ah... yeah...
Amane: ...Ah, hello. Sacchan? Where are you?
Amane: ...Huh? The station platform...? What are you doing out there...?
Amane: What? ...Hokkaido...? Why on earth?
Amane: Wait wait wait! No, that's really okay! It doesn't have to be THAT fresh! You really don't need to go that far!
Yuuji: What's this? What happened?
Amane: Uh, it seems like Sacchan... took "the tastiest milk" a little too literally. She was planning to go out to Hokkaido and milk a cow...
Yuuji: ...That woman's devotion knows no limits...
Amane: Anyway! Come back right now!
Amane: What? An airplane ticket!? No, you really don't need to bother standing by for an open seat! Okay?
Amane: You don't have to go out there! They sell fresh milk from Hokkaido in the supermarket right here, remember!? Just buy that and come back! Please!?
Yuuji: ...Okay, I think I might've been right about this one...
Narration: *Makina's personality getting warped might have been inevitable, considering the references she's working from here.*
Narration: *Well, not to say that I'm any exception...*

Date: *June 23, 2011, 12:37 - Mihama Academy - Principal's Office*
Narration: *―I had assumed the job of a principal mainly involved counting your school's money, then begging for more. That and signing off on paperwork you haven't really read.*
Narration: *Judging from the way Chizuru has the free time to call me in to chat for no particular reason, even going so far as to make the tea personally, my guess may not have been that far off the mark.*
Narration: *But, well... even if that's the truth of the matter, pointing it out would no doubt hurt the woman's self-esteem. "A good man knows when to keep things to himself," as my master put it.*
Principal: So? How are things? Are you used to the school yet?
Yuuji: Not in the least.
Principal: Is there some problem with our accommodations? If you need anything in particular, submit an application and we'll...
Yuuji: That's not what I meant... I don't know. It sort of feels like I'm just playing a student for some undercover operation. Can't quite settle down...
Principal: Is that so? From what I've seen, it looks like you're rather enjoying yourself.
Yuuji: Well, I won't deny that. But sometimes I'll catch a glimpse of myself smiling in a pane of glass and just flinch...
Yuuji: It's like I'm looking at someone else. It feels... awkward. I just want to ask that guy... "What's so funny, asshole? Who do you think you are?" And before I know it, the smile's fallen right off my face.
Principal: ...Not quite sure I follow.
Yuuji: Alright, here's a simple analogy. You know when you're having sex in a hotel, and get a look at yourself going at it in the mirror? And you're just like, "What are you, a monkey?" The whole thing seems ridiculous, right? Same deal.
Principal: That's even less comprehensible...
Yuuji: Really? Okay then, let's try this one. This guy I knew told me a story about the time his parents caught him fucking a pillow in the middle of the night―
Yuuji: In that moment, cursing his own idiocy, he longed for the release of death. I think that sense of shame might be somewhat similar...
Principal: Uhm... is there more to this story about your pillow-raping friend?
Yuuji: Wasn't rape. He had the pillow's consent.
Principal: ...That's not what I was asking, thanks.
Yuuji: I guess it was a turning point in his life. Decided that if he was going to kill himself anyway, he might as well die defending his country... Uh, how'd we get on this topic anyway?
Principal: Mind if I get back to the point?
Yuuji: Feel free.
Principal: Well... I like to think I do have some idea of what this must be like for you, but there's really nothing I can say other than "you'll get used to it eventually," I guess...
Principal: The rest of the kids at this school all said pretty similar things when they first arrived here, you know.
Yuuji: ...So they've all got their own "circumstances," huh? Figured as much.
Principal: Just like you, the other students at this Academy all have their own complicated reasons for being here.
Principal: The reason this school was founded in the first place has no small connection to personal circumstances of that sort.
Principal: Likewise, the reason that we're operating with only six students is in large part because you're all special cases, useful for a "test run."
Yuuji: But the nature of these "circumstances" isn't made clear to any of the other students... or so it would seem.
Principal: Forget about the students, we haven't disclosed the exact details even to your lecturers.
Principal: Some of our students have delicate situations that shouldn't be clumsily meddled with. And some have things that need to be kept private to avoid major difficulties in their daily life. Like you, for example.
Principal: Our school policy is based on the principle of self-help, I suppose... By bringing together students with serious problems, we hope to nurture a mutually caring atmosphere, enhancing independent psychological recovery...
Yuuji: ...In other words, you throw a bunch of losers together in the hope they'll lick each other's wounds?
Principal: That's a very misleading way to put it. Rather than forcing "help" on our students from above, we're trying to provide an education emphasizing the formation of bonds between peers...
Yuuji: Sounds pretty when you put it that way, but basically, you gathered a bunch of rich kids who couldn't handle regular school―
Yuuji: Raked in a ton of donations from people with a guilty conscience about how their children turned out, then made up an excuse about "healing in their own time" when no one improved no matter how much money you threw at the problem?
Principal: Goodness! What slander!
Principal: I won't deny that we receive financial support from Sakaki-san and Irisu-san's families, but it's strictly above-board!
Principal: It's just that since our enrollment is so small, every individual student bears a large proportion of our expenses! A-And, we're talking about private capital here, so there's a certain degree of flexibility with their funds...!
Yuuji: Aah... my bad. Let's stop talking about money.
Narration: *Whether I'm right or not, this is just going to lead to a lot of outraged self-defense. And wherever the money's coming from, it's covering my free tuition, so I hardly have the right to criticize.*
Principal: ...Uhmm... Where were we?
Yuuji: Why did you call me here in the first place?
Principal: It's not that I had anything urgent to discuss with you. I just wanted to know if you'd encountered any problems with your new life here, that's all.
Yuuji: Like I said, there's no real problems. Just can't get used to this yet.
Principal: But you have made friends, right? Are things going well on that front?
Yuuji: With some more than others. As you know, I'm not the most sociable human being. And thanks to my master's influence, I've got a bit of a sarcastic streak... does lead to some misunderstandings.
Yuuji: I guess you could say I've run into some minor communication problems.
Principal: ...Minor, are they? I have the impression that your "communication" with the others is somewhat warped, to be honest...
Yuuji: What do you expect in a school that was founded to collect warped people and fix them? Or maybe to sweep them under the rug? Whichever.
Narration: *Beating the flaws out of a warped sheet of iron, gathering the failed works and stuffing them in some dark closet... This place is more like a metal shop than a school.*
Principal: ...Why does every conversation I have with you turn out this way?
Yuuji: Didn't I just tell you? I have some issues with communication.
Yuuji: I guess you might have been hoping that adding a truly twisted individual like myself would offset the others' "warping" and get them back on track, but apparently it hasn't worked out too well.
Principal: You can think whatever you want, but I didn't invite you to this academy for such a mercenary reason. I'd like you to trust me on that.
Yuuji: ...Gratitude toward the person who saved your life, is it?
Principal: It is indeed.
Yuuji: It was a coincidence that I was the one who saved you. And I was acting on orders.
Principal: But from what they tell me, it couldn't possibly have gone that well if it was anyone else. If you hadn't been there, I wouldn't be sitting around drinking tea right now. Am I wrong?
Yuuji: That's just something you arbitrarily convinced yourself of. Not to repeat myself, but I didn't save you for any special reason.
Principal: Arbitrary as it may be, I believe what I believe. And either way, I don't like leaving my debts unpaid. Or would you have preferred some other reward?
Yuuji: ...No, you've done more than enough.
Principal: I suppose it may be a little different from the "normal school" as you imagined it, and I won't deny you have a lot of unusual classmates―
Principal: But this is the most I can do for you. I'm sorry.
Yuuji: Not a problem...
Narration: *Not that I buy every word coming out of the principal's mouth, but when you get down to it, a place like this is probably just about right for someone with circumstances like mine.*
Narration: *Tossing the likes of me into a run-of-the-mill school wasn't a great idea to begin with. Pushing my way into a crowd of people with completely different values probably would've made for a tense and irritating experience.*
Yuuji: Alright then, are we done here?
Principal: Yes, I suppose so. If you have any complaints, please do let me know. I'm not going to promise I can fix anything, but I will always consider what you have to say.
Yuuji: Got it.
Principal: Ah, that's right. I actually wanted to ask you something while you're here...
Yuuji: What is it?
Principal: What are your thoughts on the other students?
Yuuji: My thoughts...?
Principal: I'm not asking for a detailed analysis or anything... How should I put this...? Your opinions on the others? For example, what sort of person does Sakaki-san seem like to you?
Yuuji: ...Sakaki, huh...?
Narration: *I haven't known her for that long, and honestly, I can't say that I have a particularly firm read on her.*
Narration: *And to be perfectly frank, this is the woman who started slashing at me with a box cutter out of nowhere. I can't say I'm that eager to get deeply involved with her.*
Yuuji: ...All right, these are just my impressions. If you put it nicely, she's a rational type that doesn't waste her time. Put it harshly, and she's just apathetic.
Yuuji: Unless it's blocking her way, the girl's not going to bother picking up something that falls down. That's how she comes off, at least.
Yuuji: That applies to her relationships with others as well. Sakaki seems to avoid getting involved with someone unless she absolutely has to. She'll respond when you talk to her, but rarely joins the conversation otherwise.
Yuuji: I guess you could interpret her quietness as an attempt to avoid hostility or attempts at intimacy from others, but... I think it's partly that she simply doesn't understand how to build relationships of mutual trust.
Yuuji: And if someone else tries to bridge that gap, she'll take it as an intrusion on her territory and violently reject them...
Yuuji: I think those are the major points. I've been consciously trying not to be too pushy or intrusive with her, but... well, I haven't gotten that far.
Principal: I see... then how about Matsushima-san?
Yuuji: Michiru, huh...? The girl's nuts. The other day I saw her wandering the dorm hallways, moaning, with cling wrap rolled around her head. What kind of ritual is that supposed to be?
Principal: ...I'm fairly sure she was just bleaching her hair. She needs to repeat that about once a month to maintain her color, but apparently the chemicals she uses are quite painful.
Yuuji: Hm, I see...
Narration: *At the time, I'd hidden myself instinctively and observed Michiru's freakish "ceremony" from afar. But it seems she wasn't wrapping foil on her head to protect from occult mind-control rays after all...*
Yuuji: Incidentally, is that hair color allowed by the school regulations?
Principal: Well, I suppose it might not be the best thing for our public relations, but we're a private school. It's not like her hair is causing any particular problems with discipline...
Yuuji: True enough. It seems like she has her reasons for going with that hair color, too. Guess there's no need to force her to stop.
Principal: ...What do you mean?
Yuuji: Hm? About what?
Principal: Do you know why Matsushima-san bleaches her hair?
Yuuji: No... Well, she said "I'm a tsundere, so it has to be this way," but... I don't know anything more than that.
Principal: What the heck is that? "Tsundere?"
Yuuji: Okay, to sum the girl up, she's just a generally incompetent human being.
Yuuji: Although you might get distracted by that flashy blond hair at first, it's not representative of who she really is. That coloration is actually a warning signal.
Yuuji: By going out of her way to be highly visible, she's announcing to everyone who sees her that "I'm poisonous!" But in the end, it's nothing more than an empty threat.
Yuuji: In other words, Michiru's so weak that she feels the need to project hollow menace in self-defence. The girl wouldn't last a minute on her own. She has to form symbiotic relationships to survive...
Yuuji: But she's also counterproductively cautious around others, and has a hard time trusting their charity or affection.
Yuuji: In that sense, Sachi's a unique presence in Michiru's life.
Yuuji: If you ask me, Michiru might be trying to figure out "Just how selfish can I be before Sachi rejects me?" by slowly pushing at the limits of her kindness.
Principal: ......
Yuuji: What? For the record, these are just my opinions based on what I've seen of Michiru, so I might be completely off base...
Principal: ...No, it's more that you have some quite insightful observations... I'm a little surprised.
Yuuji: People do call me "perceptive" sometimes... when you grow up nervously watching the expressions on other people's faces, you naturally pick up a habit of observing others.
Principal: Come to think of it, didn't you have an older sister?
Narration: *As she speaks, Principal Tachibana takes a binder stuffed with documents from her desk, then begins flipping through the contents.*
Principal: Children with elder siblings tend to grow up by studying their example, which frequently leads to outstanding observational skills. Or so they say.
Yuuji: Well, that's not the only reason in my case...
Principal: And? How about the others? Right, what are your thoughts on Komine-san?
Yuuji: Sachi, eh...? On the surface, she's just insanely serious about everything. Kind of an awkward girl. I think she believes diligent obedience is her only redeeming feature.
Yuuji: Guess you could classify her as a "tortoise" rather than a "hare," but it seems more like she's decided that for herself... like she's just given up on developing her talents any further.
Yuuji: Basically, she's the type who thinks about resolving a huge problem over the course of ten years of hard work. She seems incapable of even considering a search for easier methods, let alone turning to others for help...
Yuuji: If you told her "build a castle here," she'd start stacking up stones by herself.
Yuuji: She's serious, honest, and follows any instruction she's given obediently. To the point where she often seems more like a robot than a human being.
Yuuji: The girl's faithful to her orders, but she doesn't think about efficiency when carrying them out. It's almost like she's punishing herself. If someone doesn't teach the girl to let off some steam, she's going to explode someday.
Principal: ...Hrmhrm... Yes, I think you're right...
Principal: No matter what you ask that girl, she'll just say "Certainly, I'll take care of it," so it's easy to get into the habit of asking her to deal with chores or odd jobs. I'll have to be more careful about that.
Yuuji: Try not to fall into the mistake of thinking "I've created an appropriate setting, so now I can just leave the students to take care of themselves."
Principal: ...You know how to hit me where it hurts... Look, I don't want things to stay the way they are either, you know? That's exactly why I regularly take feedback from the students in this sort of personal interview.
Yuuji: So you've had this sort of discussion with the others as well?
Principal: Yes, that's right. I try to ask for an interview whenever there's a convenient moment, and I have the students who are less comfortable talking submit diaries.
Yuuji: ...Diaries?
Principal: Well, I guess you could call it that... Maybe "picture diary" would be more exact?
Yuuji: Makina, is it...
Principal: You are indeed perceptive.
Principal: It's a little difficult to understand that girl, and she'll frequently forget the topic halfway through the discussion―
Principal: So I decided to have her put anything that comes to mind down on paper and hand it in. She's surprisingly good at drawing. It's actually quite fun to read.
Yuuji: I see... Yeah, in Makina's case, I think a diary would probably be more coherent...
Principal: I must say, it seems like you've gotten quite friendly with Irisu-san. That's very unusual, you know?
Yuuji: Amane told me the same thing.
Principal: You might not think it to look at her, but Irisu-san has a shyness of strangers significant enough to cause difficulties in her everyday life... How exactly did you get her to accept you?
Yuuji: Piece of cake. Just helped her get the hang of masturbation with a little hands-on instruction. Now she comes by my room every night.
Principal: ......
Yuuji: It's a joke. Don't give me that look.
Principal: ...That really is a joke, yes...?
Yuuji: If you ask me, Makina's kind of the exact opposite of Michiru. She plays up her own weakness to take advantage of the protection of others. Like her bizarre speech patterns and quirky habits―
Yuuji: The aggressive way she cuddles up to people, all that. I think it's something she does by instinct to invite compassion from the strong.
Yuuji: That sort of trick works on many men, but it's not going to make her popular with her own sex. Wouldn't be surprised if she'd been bullied as a result.
Yuuji: The reason Makina's taken to Amane so much is probably because of Amane's unusually strong protective instinct. But I think Amane's large body and the oddly masculine parts of her personality are also a factor.
Yuuji: If you want Makina to like you, communicate that you don't intend her any harm, then demonstrate that you're "strong." She'll sidle up to you herself.
Principal: ...That sounds like a pretty warped... or rather, a pretty mercenary basis for a relationship.
Yuuji: Don't know about that. It's a fact that I don't dislike Makina, and she herself understands perfectly well that I've seen through her.
Yuuji: Fact is, Makina's much smarter than she lets on.
Principal: You really don't find this arrangement even slightly problematic?
Yuuji: That's not what I'm saying. For one thing, it's not like I can always be around to protect her.
Yuuji: If you're completely convinced that someone's going to keep you safe at all times, you'll turn into the sort of person who can't do anything in a real emergency.
Yuuji: Amane's enough if she wants someone to spoil and protect her. I'm trying to convey the value of "independence" and "self-defense."
Principal: ...Are we still talking about Irisu-san? Or is that a commentary about our future as a nation?
Yuuji: An interesting interpretation.
Principal: Heheh, just a joke. All right, last up would be Suou-san. Your thoughts?
Yuuji: Hmm... Amane, huh... To be honest, she's the biggest mystery to me. Her painfully cheerful personality and burning need to help others are one thing, but I have no idea why she clings to me so persistently.
Principal: I believe Suou-san herself said it was "love at first sight," didn't she?
Yuuji: That's what I don't understand. See me walk by and your first thought is going to be "that's a suspicious character." And she's saying she fell in love with me at first sight? She might be the most deranged of all of them. 
Yuuji: I don't have an answer, so let me ask you instead. What kind of woman is she?
Principal: ...What kind...? Uhm... I'm pretty sure what you see is what you get? She's cheerful, energetic, and just as reliable as you'd hope for from the oldest student here... Uhmm, hold on just a sec, will you...?
Narration: *The principal flips quickly through the documents she's holding.*
Principal: She took a year-long leave of absence from her previous school, so she's actually two years older than you.
Yuuji: Hey now, you shouldn't give away a woman's age like that. Pretty cruel.
Principal: Please. She's still young, that hardly matters.
Yuuji: ...In that case, how many years older than me are you, Chizuru?
Principal: ......
Yuuji: What's the matter? You've inexplicably broken into a sweat...
Principal: ...Uhm... she was the second to arrive at the Academy, following Sakaki-san...
Yuuji: I didn't ask you about that.
Principal: And the day after her luggage arrived at the dormitory, she arrives driving... what do you call it? You know, one of those "choppers" you always see the biker gangs riding in America.
Principal: That was a shock. I was convinced we'd gotten a really wild one, but talk to her a little and anyone can see what a nice, normal girl she is, you know!?
Yuuji: Alright. I get the picture.
Narration: *Guess I'll give up on the age thing.*
Principal: Anyway, they're all good kids, so please do try to get along with them.
Yuuji: ...Can't make any guarantees, but I will put in the effort. Are we done here?
Principal: Yes, you're free to leave. If there's ever anything you'd like to consult me about, come by anytime.
Yuuji: Alright then. I'll be going.
Narration: *I can't quite get used to my life at this school. I was being perfectly honest when I told Chizuru that my own smile feels awkward to me...*
Narration: *A normal student life in a normal school... It's hard for me to believe how readily I'm accepting these small fragments of happiness. Or maybe... Right. Maybe it's hard for me to "forgive."*
Narration: *I don't think I'm really feeling "awkward" when I see that smile. I'm feeling guilt.*
Narration: *It feels like foul gas gathering in my body. Like my blood's turning black and viscous in my veins. A stifling sensation, as if my lungs are slowly filling with cold poison.*
Narration: *"Look, you. Do you really think this is what you should be doing right now...?"*
Narration: *Vague, impatient questions dominate my mind. I feel a pressing need to do something, anything, but no concrete course of action presents itself.*
Narration: *The principal tells me that I'll "get used" to this soon, but... what good would that do, even if I could...?*
Narration: *No matter how I change, none of the things that I've lost are ever coming back...*

Date: *June 24, 2011, 15:30 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *In the field, interpersonal relationships resemble the interlocking of pieces in a puzzle. In order to form a coherent larger picture, the "players" fix every piece into its place.*
Narration: *I move according to their instructions, take the position they designate for me, and carry out the tasks they assign to me.*
Narration: *In many cases, the players prepare a number of spare pieces as insurance against the unexpected. The pieces in question realize that they're expendable, and are prepared for the possibility they may be used as sacrifices.*
Narration: *I always hated watching as people were sent to their deaths. But I also understood the rules of the game we were playing.*
Narration: *Pawns aren't allowed to move on their own selfish impulses. The first priority is always to win.*
Narration: *It's probably because I've spent so long in that sort of world, but "friendship" has become a mostly theoretical concept for me. The word rings a little hollow in my ears.*
Narration: *Not to say that I'm skeptical of its existence, but to me it seems almost like something out of a magic show. Show me two people swearing "we'll be friends forever!" and I see some TV psychic bending a spoon.*
Narration: *Makes me want to pull back that curtain they've set up around their feelings and see what's really going on in there. How the "trick" really works.*
Michiru: Nnnn, ish soooour, so soooour!
Narration: *As usual, Michiru's gulping down that bitter soft drink to maintain her vitamin C intake. If she's that determined to keep up this absurd daily dose, wouldn't taking supplements be more efficient?*
Narration: *There are pills that contain daily supplies of a wide range of vitamins. The ideal would be to get everything you need from your meals, but that would involve eating buckets of vegetables daily, which isn't easy to keep up.*
Narration: *It's not a great idea to become completely dependent on pills for your nutrients, but I don't think there's any problem with using them to complement your diet.*
Yuuji: Incidentally, Michiru...
Michiru: Bwah! H-How long have you been there? Are you... <The Stalker!?>
Yuuji: Why don't you just take supplements?
Michiru: Huh? Wh-What are you talking about?
Yuuji: If you want to keep up a regular vitamin C intake but don't like sour things, wouldn't it be easier just to take a multi-vitamin tablet?
Michiru: Hmu?
Yuuji: Okay, cut the "Hmu," maggot. I'm asking you a question. Why do you torture yourself by drinking this stuff when there's an alternative?
Michiru: Hah hah hah. Kazami-kun! You might look smart, but it seems you're surprisingly dim-witted at times. Are you an idiot or what!?
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Ah, so... Er, that's not, what I... Ahem. T-The answer should be obvious! It's much easier for the body to absorb the vitamins when they're in liquid form, of course! Just think about it for a second.
Michiru: If you drop some water and a piece of candy on top of dry sand, which will get absorbed faster? C'mon now, spit it out!
Yuuji: Almost certainly the water.
Michiru: You see? In other words, the liquid vitamins will be absorbed much more easily by my parched body. Did we learn something today?
Yuuji: Are you saying that your body is composed of dry sand?
Michiru: I'm not sand! There's no way I could be sand! I was just talking about being thirsty. That's why I said parched. Because my throat gets all dried out, obviously.
Michiru: Who are you calling dried out, anyway!? Am I some leftover rice you found stuck to your shirt!? How dare you imply that I'm rice! Who are you calling the Rice Goddess!?
Yuuji: I get the feeling you'd end up in an infinite loop if I let you keep going here.
Michiru: H-Hmph. Anyway, guess I showed you. I'm pretty smart myself at times, right? Heheheh.
Amane: Yep, Michiru's right about this one. The Rice Goddess is always watching over us, so you'd better eat up every grain with respect, or face her rice-flavored wrath.
Michiru: No, uh, that wasn't exactly what we were talking about.
Amane: By the way, since I heard you've been seeking sour stuff, I got a little something ready for you, Michiru. Ta-da!
Narration: *Amane takes out an airtight plastic bag filled with powder. Although I didn't have her down as a drug trafficker, this is pretty suspicious any way you look at it.*
Yuuji: What's that? Heroin?
Amane: Yep, it's heroin alright. You put just a little bit of this on a spoon, then heat it from underneath with a lighter.
Amane: Then just as it gets nice and bubbly, you pump it all up with a syringe...
Amane: And then you find a vein in your arm... Aah, but when you're an addict like me, the skin's mostly gotten all stiff, so you search and search for a nice soft place... then stick the syringe right on in.
Amane: And finally, after just a moment where your blood flows into the syringe, mixing with the heroin...
Amane: You push it all... inside you...
Amane: ......
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: ......
Amane: ...Ah.
Amane: Aah... Aaah... Aaaah... Kuah...
Amane: Aah... Aaah... Aaaaaah...
Amane: I am... a g-golden... god...!
Amane: AaaaAaaaAAaaAaaaaah!!
Amane: The hell ya talkin' about!? Course it ain't heroin! Oh, and before you ask, it isn't cocaine either. Teheh!
Michiru: Really!? Are you sure about that!? Was that not just a little bit TOO believable!?
Amane: Huh? C'mon, it's the classic "playing along with the joke," right? Very common in Kansai-style comedy routines.
Michiru: Okay, yes, great. Am I the only one who's still pretty disturbed here? That monologue was... I mean...
Amane: Now, now, let's just calm down. Anyway! The true identity of the mystery powder! Drumroll please. It's pure vitamin A!
Amane: Not even vitamin C can compare to this stuff. I gathered the sourest of the sour, then refined them into the pure, powdery essence of sourness. Custom-made for you, Michiru. C'mon, get it while it's sour!
Michiru: Uhm, it's not like I enjoy sour stuff, you know...
Yuuji: Hrm. Still, you've had this chance to challenge the sourest of the sour dropped in your lap. Might as well give it a shot.
Michiru: Whaaaat!? No way! Don't wanna, don't wanna!
Yuuji: A veto, eh? Alright, you don't have to try it. I'll have a go instead. Sour things tend to be good for you, after all... Well, except when the taste is the result of something going rotten.
Yuuji: Amane. You didn't grind up spoiled meat to make this, right?
Amane: O-Of course not. But―
Yuuji: Then I'll try it.
Michiru: Huh? Y-You're gonna swallow that stuff?
Amane: Ah, hold on a second, that's not―
Yuuji: Sit tight and watch, Amane. You understand, Michiru? If you're not going to take this, I will. Here goes.
Michiru: ...Th-This is... In this situation... a tsundere would...
Michiru: Hey, you! Hand that over right now!
Narration: *Michiru rudely snatches the plastic bag out of my hands and pulls off the twist tie that was sealing it shut.*
Michiru: It's not like I'm going to give YOU any! This is my A, got it!?
Narration: *Try too hard to play the tsundere and you'll end up as nothing more than a predictable contrarian. Michiru pours the stuff from the bag into her mouth, gulping it all down as though it were antacid powder.*
Michiru: Ngngng... Nnn!?
Michiru: Buhoooooo, bitttttttteeeeeerrrrrrr! Bueha, bueha!
Amane: H-Hey, why are you swallowing it all at once!? Just a teaspoon is plenty!
Michiru: T-Try telling me that before! Before I swallow it, got it!? My tongue! My poor tongue! It burns! This is way past sour, it's just bitter!
Michiru: Eeee! G-G-G-Get me a drink! Any drink at all!! Please!!
Yuuji: Here you go.
Narration: *I pass Michiru the "100% Vitamin C" drink she'd been working on earlier.*
Michiru: Th-Thanks! *Gulp* *Gulp*...
Michiru: Buhaaaaaaa, sooooouuuurrrrr! Wh-What the heck, this is my drink!!
Yuuji: You said any drink at all. This was the closest thing at hand.
Michiru: Yeah, I said that, but this is obviously no good! Why do you have to be such a jerk at a time like this!? Are you an idiot!? Auau, p-please! Anything is fine, give me something else to drink!!
Amane: O-Okay. Try this instead.
Michiru: Thank you! ...*Gulp* *Gulp*
Michiru: Bueeeeeeh! Bi-ttttterrrr! Wh-What IS this stuff!?
Amane: My special custom-made "100% Vitamin A Drink."
Michiru: What the heck!? Hey, if you had something like that why didn't you just give it to me!? What's the point of making me swallow powder instead!?
Amane: I just brought the powder to show! I was going to give you the version diluted in water to actually drink!
Michiru: Then tell me that beforehand, okay...
Amane: Look, I tried to. When Yuuji said he'd take the powder, I said "hold on" very clearly. Remember?
Michiru: Aah, okay, maybe you did! But, you know, we need to work on this! More orderly communication! Okay? For the sake of a less painful future!
Amane: S-Sorry. Was it that sour?
Michiru: Yes, it was sour. Of course it was sour. Not to repeat myself or anything, but I don't like sour stuff, okay? I just want my vitamins.
Yuuji: I see. I have no idea why you're so stubborn about not using supplements, but if that's your way of doing things, I'll keep my opinions to myself.
Michiru: Haa, the tingling on my tongue is finally starting to die down...
Michiru: By the way, Yuuji. As an ultimate tsundere, I can eat this stuff without batting an eyelid, but do you know if there's any foods to avoid eating with sour things?
Yuuji: Foods to avoid? You talking about that superstition where certain combinations of dishes supposedly cause some terrible side effect? It's mostly just a bunch of old wives' tales.
Michiru: Really? Well, don't get me wrong, it's not like I really care about that superstition or anything. I'm so tough I eat grapefruit with everything, you know. That's how little I care.
Yuuji: Hrm. Sour stuff... I guess they clash with salty things, so the "bad combinations" would probably be stuff like eel or pickled plums. Supposedly you'd get pretty severe indigestion.
Amane: I really doubt it, unless you just eat way too much. I do think I read something about nutrients in certain foods nullifying each other's effects, though, so if you can avoid the "bad combinations" I guess you might as well.
Yuuji: Learning from the wisdom of the ancients is all well and good, but I wouldn't get too hung up on myths like that. Even that famous legend about durian fruit and alcohol causing some fatal reaction turned out to be a load of crap.
Yuuji: But why are you asking in the first place? Planning to start cooking?
Michiru: Th-That's not it... It's nothing! I don't even care about bad combinations, okay!? Let alone cooking! I'm a tomboy! A spicy girl!
Makina: A spacey girl?
Michiru: Grah! Shaddup! Graaaaah!
Makina: Haah, so th' truth finally comes out. Chiruchiru really has been transmittin' to outer space all this time...
Michiru: No! No I have not!
Amane: Are you really that concerned about bad combinations? Worried about your diet?
Michiru: ...Not worried at all.
Amane: If it wasn't on your mind, why would you bring it up?
Michiru: Urmm... no, that's not it. Yeah.
Yuuji: What's wrong? Your tsundere is starting to fade.
Michiru: N-No it isn't! Hmph. You don't need to go out of your way to point that out, got it!? I mean, I'm usually aware of it myself...
Michiru: Hey! What are you making me say!? This is how I am naturally, got it!? Not that it's any of your business!
Sachi: My, the gang's all here. A heroin party, is it?
Amane: Sorry, we already finished that up.
Sachi: !!
Michiru: Uh, look, that's just a teensy bit misleading... Sachi, we didn't really have a party or anything. Otherwise Yumiko would be here too, right? I'd never leave anyone out.
Sachi: I see, that's certainly true. Then I assume Sakaki-san is off reading by herself again?
Amane: Mmm. Sakaki-san sure does keep her distance, though. Not to say that we don't get along, but...
Michiru: Really? No problem for me! I can already greet her with ease! You know, "Hellooo Yumiko! How're you doing today? Not that I'm worried about your health or anything, got it!?"
Sachi: I'm filled with admiration for Michiru-sama's gregarious nature. She throws herself into her target's bosom with all the elegance and precision of a broken-down dump truck.
Yuuji: Yeah, I expect you get carried away with that fairly regularly. Probably resulting in a lot of nasty glares from Sakaki.
Michiru: W-Well, yes, I suppose that might happen every once in a while. Hmph.
Yuuji: So who does Sakaki spend the most time with, then?
Amane: That's kind of a tricky one... I'm mostly looking after Makina, myself.
Makina: Dang straight! I'm leechin' off Ama-nee round the clock!
Michiru: As for me, I suppose I ask Sachi for favors pretty regularly.
Sachi: Indeed. It's extremely frequent for Michiru-sama to pop up with a request just as I'm thinking about taking a break. But I find my work quite fulfilling, so I certainly can't complain.
Michiru: Hehem, I know, right? Sachi's my personal maid!
Sachi: Then again, I also spend a lot of time together with Maki-chan, as we're the same age.
Yuuji: Makina's a popular one.
Makina: Eheh, you better believe I'm popular! Unlike Chiruchiru... Well, with a personality that annoyin', I guess it's inevitable, ya know?
Michiru: H-Hey, what's that supposed to mean? Talk about rude. Harrumph rumph!
Sachi: Michiru-sama, please calm yourself and try to accept the reality. You. Are. Not. Popular.
Michiru: Huh? Sachi...?
Makina: It's sad but true, Chiruchiru. Ya really should work on making yourself some friends, mmkay?
Michiru: So... what? Do you all just talk to me out of pity?
Makina: Don't think I'd go that far, but you're in the right neighborhood.
Yuuji: Not to worry, Michiru. You can always make friends inside your head. They'll never reject you.
Michiru: Huh!? Hey, what do you mean? How does that "friend inside your head" thing work?
Narration: *Michiru's reaction to my attempt at a joke isn't quite what I expected. She's staring wide-eyed at me, waiting on tenterhooks for more details. I take a deep breath and politely begin to explain.*
Yuuji: Well, the most common term would be "imaginary friend." It's a fictional companion that lives solely in your imagination. Pretty typical in childhood. Some people only make one, some people dream up a whole cast of characters.
Yuuji: Although they'll usually drop the idea as they grow up, I've heard some people keep their imaginary friends around even into adulthood.
Michiru: Imaginary... friend, eh?
Narration: *Although Michiru listened carefully to my every word, it doesn't seem to have been what she was looking for. Her shoulders sag in disappointment.*
Michiru: Ah, okay. So just a fantasy for kids, basically.
Yuuji: I guess some people have long conversations with their dolls or stuffed animals instead.
Amane: Michiru does seem like the type to get caught up in her fantasies.
Michiru: Huh? That's not true! I'm an unflinching realist! I stare reality right in the face at all times! Kapow!
Yuuji: Hoh, that a fact? So what's "reality," the way you see it?
Michiru: Huh, the nature of my reality? Th-That's a pretty difficult question out of nowhere... Hold on a second, alright...?
Narration: *Michiru folds her arms and closes her eyes. After a long moment of thought, she stands up straight and delivers her answer.*
Michiru: My reality is...
Michiru: The fact that I am here, at this moment!
Narration: *Judging from her dramatic delivery, Michiru must have thought that was a really impressive line. Sadly, her audience is less than responsive. There's a moment of awkward silence.*
Makina: *Sigh*... Yeah, uh, obviously? If ya weren't here, how would we even be talkin' about your "reality?" Chiruchiru, you tried too hard and ended up just sayin' nothin' at all.
Amane: Yeah... I guess that might have been a bit too hard of a question for Michiru.
Sachi: Michiru-sama, please don't be afraid to admit when you don't have an answer. If you're honest, Kazami-san won't ask you in the first place.
Sachi: I'm sure he'll go easy on you once he realizes the depths of your incompetence. Everyone else does, after all. You. Are. Incompetent.
Michiru: H-Hey! Why's everybody talking to me in that pitying tone!? That answer just now was perfect! It was borderline metaphysical!
Yuuji: Can you define "metaphysical?"
Michiru: Of course I can! What's the answer!?
Amane: Her flip-flopping has reached warp speed!
Yuuji: You've disappointed me. I'm making a note not to expect anything from you in the future. Not that I had been previously, but I clearly need to lower my forecasts even further.
Yuuji: From this moment forward, I'll be formally handling you as an authentic, officially-certified "idiot."
Michiru: Grrrah, stop calling me an idiot! I'm not stupid, got it!? That word is forbidden! <Don't stop!>
Makina: Okay, let's just ignore Miss "Don't Stop" for th' moment...
Michiru: Hrrrrm, "fantasy abandonment," is it? Makina's come a long way...
Makina: This ain't roleplayin', ya know? I really am ignorin' you.
Michiru: Kiiiiii! <Don't star!>
Amane: Ahem. Well then, moving right along. Yuuji, I can't really imagine what kind of friends you've had. What sort of people did you play with as a kid?
Yuuji: As a kid? My friends, eh... Hmm.
Narration: *The words bring to mind a young girl I met under some very unusual circumstances.*
Narration: *Our relationship was basically about helping each other stay alive, but I guess you could have called it a sort of friendship.*
Narration: *Then again, after a while she disappeared from that place, and I was left to fend for myself again.*
Yuuji: Tricky question. I'm not the most socially gifted person around.
Amane: Really? You are a bit grumpy at times, but I don't think you're as bad as all that. You have any ideas what kind of friends you'd like to have, then?
Narration: *I'm drawing a blank on the concept of "friends," so I decide to mentally substitute the term "buddies." I think I can provide more concrete answers about the teammates I've known on the field.*
Yuuji: Well, I'll pass on anyone who holds me back. The useless ones don't have any right to complain if they end up getting shot in the back.
Michiru: Shot in the back? Uh, just what kind of a setting is this "friendship" supposed to be happening in...?
Yuuji: Just a figure of speech. Nobody's actually going to shoot an ally. But you should try to learn who you can count on to watch your back, and who you can't expect anything from. And how to deal with the latter.
Sachi: "Dealing" with the... incompetent...?
Michiru: *Gulp*
Yuuji: Anyway, I like people who are easy to work with. I guess that's really the only thing I'm looking for, to be honest. As long as they don't get in my way, I'm not going to complain.
Amane: That's pretty, uh, pragmatic... Feels more like what you'd want from a co-worker than a friend.
Yuuji: Maybe. Sometimes I think tools make better partners than human beings. They have a clear purpose, you know? Makes them a lot simpler to deal with.
Amane: Yuuji, I really don't think you should be treating people like tools.
Yuuji: Didn't mean to imply that. I'm just saying that tools tend to be... reliable. Once you've used a piece of machinery enough, it practically becomes a part of you. A simple extension of your body that does what you need.
Yuuji: The more affection you give a tool, the more smoothly it operates. A tool won't betray you... not often, at least.
Makina: You've kinda lost me here...
Yuuji: Sorry, got a bit off track there. To put it more simply, I don't think I've ever really had something you could call a "best friend."
Amane: Yeah, that's not that rare. A "friend" is one thing, but it's pretty difficult to get that intimate with someone.
Makina: Hmm, I haven't really thought about this stuff too much, t'be honest.
Sachi: Nor have I. I'm more focused on being of use to everyone...
Narration: *We've been discussing "friendship" for a while now, not that the concept has gotten any clearer for me. But at this point, I realize that one person has stopped participating in the conversation.*
Narration: *A certain bottle-blond has slowly taken her distance from the group and our friendly chat, her face growing increasingly gloomy. Her usual energy's vanished. Wonder if something's wrong.*
Michiru: Mm, mmm...
Narration: *I can see beads of sweat forming on Michiru's forehead. Maybe her stomach's upset? Hmm... As she demonstrated just a few minutes ago, the girl isn't the sharpest tool in the shed.*
Narration: *As she is an idiot, it wouldn't be surprising if she ate food off the ground and found herself in intestinal distress.*
Narration: *...Yes, I can easily imagine the girl stuffing her cheeks with unidentified berries she found on some bush.*
Narration: *I take a good, careful look at Michiru. Hrm, indeed. This is the face of someone who'd go scavenging in trash cans once she got a little hungry.*
Narration: *No, my mistake. She probably doesn't even have to be hungry first. I can picture her plucking some "tasty-looking," colorful mushroom off the ground and chowing down without a second thought. The mentally feeble are such a handful.*
Michiru: H-Hey. What are you staring at me for...?
Narration: *Perhaps she wandered down to the beach, spotted a crab, chased after it while drooling, then found herself under attack from a jealous macaque coveting the same prize?*
Narration: *Does this woman have no sense whatsoever when it comes to her hunting and gathering? Just entering a wild monkey's territory is dangerous. What kind of fool goes so far as to try to steal their prey?*
Narration: *Come to think of it, crab-eating macaques don't even live in Japan. Did this girl wander all the way to Southeast Asia in search of something tasty to stick in her craw? This is just too much. I have to say something.*
Michiru: Hey, uhm, what is it? You're kind of... scaring me. Hello, earth to Yuuji?
Narration: *I abruptly jump up off the sofa and drop my hands on Michiru's shoulders. Everyone flinches in surprise, but I pay no mind to their stares. I keep my gaze firmly focused on Michiru as I speak.*
Yuuji: It's amoebic dysentery. I'm sure of it.
Michiru: Huh...? Huhhh!?
Yuuji: Don't worry, I have some experience with this. You were bitten by a crab-eating macaque, right?
Michiru: What's a "crabby tin macaulk?"
Yuuji: Try to learn from this experience. Stop scavenging for food for the time being. Don't get me wrong; I'm not criticizing you for the thought...
Yuuji: After all, procuring food from your environment is the most crucial and fundamental of survival skills. I'm very proud of you for trying. Okay?
Michiru: Hu, hwha?
Yuuji: That said, your particular actions in this case were mistaken. You acted rashly out of ignorance. But there's nothing to be ashamed of. I'll make sure this doesn't happen again. And...
Narration: *I sharply turn to face the rest of the group and raise my voice to a harsh shout.*
Yuuji: Let me just warn the rest of you right now! You don't have any right to look down on Michiru just because she's caught amoebic dysentery! This could have happened to any one of you!
Yuuji: We're going to learn from this mistake! You're all going to know what plants are edible, which are poisonous, and how to avoid savage monkeys! I don't want you crying to me for help when the Japanese islands are covered in jungle!
Michiru: Wh... Wha...
Yuuji: Alright then, first things first. I'll be accompanying Michiru for the moment. C'mon, we're going to the bathroom. I need to get a look to confirm my diagnosis.
Michiru: W-W-Wait just one second, you! A look at WHAT? What are you even talking about!? Crabby tins? Scavenging for food!? I'm completely lost!
Yuuji: Hm? You were scavenging for food, right? Hence the infection.
Michiru: O-Of course I wasn't! Don't just decide stuff like that without even asking!
Yuuji: Then what's with the sweating? Your face is pasty and you've got nasty beads of perspiration on your forehead. You sure don't look healthy to me.
Michiru: I-I, uhm...
Narration: *Amane, watching Michiru and me with concern, enters the conversation.*
Amane: Uhm, what's with all this talk about jungles and crabs? Is Michiru all right?
Yuuji: Not in the least. She's suffering from brutal diarrhea.
Michiru: I-I said that's not it, okay!?
Amane: But now that he mentions it, you don't look so hot all of a sudden. Are you feeling okay?
Michiru: I'm p-perfectly fine. It's nothing at all, got it?
Yuuji: Even if you don't have dysentery, we need to properly identify the problem. Whatever infectious disease you've caught, we'll need to take the appropriate countermeasures, understood?
Michiru: Ugh, I'm telling you... I'm not...
Makina: Chiruchiru, does your tummy hurt? Are you okay?
Sachi: Michiru-sama, please let me take you to the infirmary.
Yuuji: Not necessary, Sachi. There's a possibility she's still infectious. I probably have more experience dealing with this sort of thing than you.
Sachi: Understood. In that case, I will leave her in your capable hands.
Yuuji: C'mon, let's go.
Michiru: L-Look, I'm telling you not to make such a big deal out of nothing. I hate it when people make a fuss about this sort of thing...
Yuuji: Listen, maggot! How many times do I have to tell you not to make light of dysentery!? The small things are what get you. You change your socks regularly when you're in Vietnam, and you always treat diarrhea with the proper respect!
Michiru: I do not have dysentery! Geeeez...
Yuuji: Hrm, you're awfully stubborn. But anyway, this illness sure came out of nowhere... You looked fine until we started talking about "best friends" or whatever it was.
Michiru: ...U-Ugh.
Narration: *Michiru's face fills with pain, and she clutches a hand to her chest. In the next moment, she's leaning heavily against the wall, as if to keep herself from falling to the ground.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Are you in pain?
Michiru: Mm. Please, just let me rest. I'll be okay in a second.
Yuuji: Wait... is it your chest rather than your stomach?
Michiru: Yuuji, please. Just for a second. I'm used to this.
Narration: *Normally chest pain is something we should be responding to immediately, but it seems this is a familiar occurrence for Michiru. She has the most information, so for the moment I'll have to trust her judgment.*
Yuuji: All right, if you say so. But don't overdo it. If it feels worse than usual, let me know right away.
Michiru: F-Fine. It's... it's not like I want you to worry about me or anything, got it?
Yuuji: You've got guts, young tsundere.
Michiru: Nn, haa, haa... ha... hoo.
Narration: *Thumping herself lightly on the back, Michiru slowly settles her ragged breathing down. In time, the beads of sweat on her forehead disappear, and the expression of pain on her face fades away.*
Yuuji: I see. I tend not to trust sick people when they tell me "I'll be fine," as a general rule. But I guess sometimes the person in question does know best.
Michiru: I told you so. It's just a little anemia, that's all. Nothing you need to worry about.
Yuuji: I don't think anemia typically causes chest pain.
Michiru: Well, it does in my case! So even if you happen to see this again, I expect you to just ignore it, alright!?
Michiru: Also... I don't really want the others to know about this. So you need to keep quiet about it.
Yuuji: If you've got a chronic illness, I think it'd be best if the people around you knew enough to react appropriately in an emergency. But if you're that opposed to the idea, we can write a memo and stick it on your forehead.
Michiru: I'm telling you to keep quiet, so you're gonna keep quiet! U-Understood!?
Yuuji: ...Hrm, if you insist.
Michiru: That's all I wanted to hear. Okay, let's go back.
Michiru: Hey everybody, I've returned triumphant! It was just a little anemia! Nothin' to worry about!
Makina: Huh, back already? Glad to see you're lookin' better.
Michiru: But of course. Who do you think I am? Allow me to inform you! I'm the Tsundere King, Michiru-sama!
Sachi: I was very worried for a moment―
Michiru: Sachi! If you've got the time to be babbling about that, why don't you get me something to drink instead? I'm super thirsty! I desire a natural mineral water immediately, if not sooner!
Sachi: C-Certainly. I'll be just a moment.
Amane: Ordering Sacchan around the instant she comes back? I guess she really is back to normal.
Michiru: A little anemia's not gonna keep me down for long. Flip the reset switch and it's all good! Alright then, let's get fired up again!
Makina: Uh, were we talkin' about anything that excitin' in the first place?
Michiru: If we weren't, we are now! Full speed ahead!!
Amane: Considering this level of energy, I guess I don't need to worry too much...
Narration: *Once women get started with idle gossip in earnest, it won't end anytime soon. In accordance with that rule, the group's conversation stretches on endlessly. Finding a good moment, I slip away silently.*
Narration: *When I leave the dorm, I bump into Sakaki, a non-participant in the ongoing girl talk. I know she's not the most sociable type, but even so, she's known the others longer than I have. She might have some sort of an answer for me.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sakaki. Just now, Michiru got sick out of nowhere― Ah, don't worry, it didn't turn out to be anything serious. It seemed like she was actually completely used to it. Have you seen something like that happen to her before?
Yumiko: ...No, not that I can recall. When I see her, she's always jumping around like an idiot.
Yuuji: Hrm. Which would mean she's trying to hide it.
Yumiko: What are you talking about? Does Matsushima-san have a disease of some sort?
Yuuji: No, I don't think so. Sorry for the weird question all of a sudden.
Yumiko: No, that's quite all right.
Yuuji: Incidentally, Sakaki, please don't mention what I said to anyone else. It seems Michiru doesn't want people worrying about her.
Yumiko: ...I see. Well, I think everyone here wants their privacy. My lips are sealed.
Yuuji: Thanks. I'll see you later.
Narration: *Relationships are difficult things. Too often, we hide ourselves out of consideration for others, and dress up ugly reality with happy lies. Keep it up long enough, and the truth is left irreparably tangled with fiction.*
Narration: *Everyone understands that the ideal relationship is based on straightforward honesty. But that "straightforward" road feels as circuitous as a maze once you take the first step. Our hearts are hidden from each other, regardless of our intentions.*
Narration: *As we stumble through the twists and turns of life, the most we can do is pray that we won't lose our way in the one maze we ourselves have created.*
Narration: *But I think that might actually be the most difficult thing of all. If we could manage that much, every path would lie open to us.*

Date: *June 25, 2011, 08:30 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *It's very difficult to use your time off effectively.*
Narration: *In particular, when you're in a profession like mine, your holidays tend to be irregular and come with many restrictions on how you can spend them. It's hard to make plans ahead of time, and when you do they'll be spoiled as often as not.*
Narration: *As a result, I tend to use my free days to catch up on sleep, get in extra exercise, and read books. Things that I can do without the need for any advance planning or preparation.*
Narration: *The major side effect is that I've never been able to form much in the way of a hobby or interest to enliven my usual routine.*
Narration: *My schedule may have changed once I entered this school, but my mildly pathetic recreational habits remain much the same.*
Amane: And here we have a rare specimen. The dullest human being alive.
Narration: *I'm working through a calisthenics routine in the dorm lobby. Amane is providing helpful commentary.*
Makina: Existence is unendurably painful... And yet, I can do nothing but go on living...
Yuuji: Look, the stage whispers and dramatic sighs are starting to get on my nerves. How about you just come over here and tell me off to my face?
Makina: Doin' calisthenics bright and early on a Saturday mornin'? Seriously? You're so lame I think I'm gonna puke. Fer real.
Yuuji: ...I take it back. Do me a favor and stick to sniping behind my back. This is more infuriating than I'd expected.
Amane: Seriously, do you really have nothing else to do? I think I can hold my stomach down, but watching this is pretty painful.
Narration: *Amane squats down next to me as she speaks, her face full of pity.*
Yuuji: Give me a break here. It's better than sitting around doing nothing at all, don't you think?
Amane: Well, I guess, but it's Saturday. You only get one a week. Can't you come up with any other way to spend your free time?
Narration: *...This woman can be such a pain in the ass at times.*
Narration: *Bringing my calisthenics to a halt for the moment, I stand up and turn to face Amane.*
Yuuji: Alright then. As you're clearly a professional woman of leisure, Ms. Amane, please teach me exactly how to make delightful use of my Saturdays. I'm all ears.
Amane: F-Fwha...?
Yuuji: Very simple question, Amane. How do you spend your own free time?
Amane: Uh, w-well... hmm...
Makina: Look, it ain't hard! He just wants the foremost expert on livin' every moment to the fullest, weekend adventurer supreme, Suou Amane, ta grace him wit' her thoughts on how to enjoy a day of delightful leisure.
Amane: Not you too! What's with that cheap imitation, anyway!?
Makina: Adventure! Defloration! Ah, her flower's in full bloom!
Amane: ...Would it be okay for me to karate chop her in the nose at this point?
Yuuji: Don't ask me. So? How do you spend your weekends, Amane?
Amane: Oh, er... are we... still talking about that...?
Yuuji: Since you go around calling other people "dull human beings," I'm sure you have some really interesting hobbies yourself, right? Spit it out.
Makina: I'm sure they're perfect! Probly got a few cover articles in "Adult Leisure Magazine" by now! C'mon! Lay it on us!
Amane: ...Makina, you're going to pay for this later...
Amane: My... My hobbies are... uhm...
Amane: ......
Amane: Cleaning, laundry, and cooking... I guess?
Narration: *I drop my hands abruptly onto Amane's shoulders.*
Yuuji: I'm afraid you've made a serious mistake here, my friend. Please allow me to explain in detail.
Amane: Sorry. Okay, yes, I know. I know, so please just stop it.
Yuuji: The things you just listed are not what we'd call "hobbies"...
Amane: No, please, say no more!
Narration: *Firmly maintaining my grip on Amane as she squirms around violently, I stare into her eyes, plaster on a fake smile, and deliver a blow of truth.*
Yuuji: Those. Are. Chores.
Amane: Noooo! I know, I know! Stop rubbing salt in my wouuunds!!
Narration: *Amane at last escapes from my grasp. Collapsing to her knees, she hangs her head in shame.*
Narration: *Makina trots over to Amane's side and gives her back a few commiserating thumps.*
Makina: Don't take it so hard, kid. I bet you'll find somethin' worth living for one of these days. So for now, you just hang in there and be th' very best housewife ya can be, alright?
Amane: ...That karate chop is getting more tempting by the second...
Yuuji: Well, you're the one raising the girl. Discipline her as you see fit...
Narration: *Anyway. With this level of instruction, it doesn't seem likely I'm going to find myself a hobby worth being proud of any time soon.*
Michiru: What are you all squawking about out here? Thanks so much for waking me up at the crack of dawn!
Narration: *Michiru arrives on the scene. She's obviously been awake for several hours already. Probably thought our noise was a good excuse to be nebby.*
Narration: *By the way, "nebby" would be Kansai slang for someone with a desperate need to stick their nose into other people's conversations. I've been picking up a bit of this stuff from Amane lately.*
Amane: We were busy mocking Yuuji for being a dull human being. The guy has no hobbies whatsoever.
Michiru: Hobbies?
Yuuji: Yeah. I don't have anything particularly worthwhile to occupy my leisure time, which they decided to pester me about.
Michiru: True, you don't seem like you have many interests. I kind of picture you locking yourself in your room, then doing push-ups and arm stands all weekend. Using a single thumb.
Narration: *I understand what she means, but at that point, wouldn't it technically be a "finger stand" rather than an arm stand?*
Makina: Chiruchiru's got a hobby, though! Masturbation!
Michiru: H-Hey! Wh-What the heck are you saying!?
Makina: Well, when it comes ta stuff I can picture Chiruchiru doin' on a daily basis, that's pretty much th' only thing that comes to mind.
Michiru: Mukiiii! You don't know me! Of course I don't do that every single day! Not everyone in this place is a sex-crazed monkey, got it!?
Amane: So it's not a daily thing, huh? But I notice you don't deny doing it at all.
Michiru: W-Well... Hey, look! Can we NOT have this discussion in front of Yuuji!?
Amane: Oh? Personally, I'm not ashamed to admit the truth. Why, just yesterday, I started thinking about Yuuji while moving my finger nice and...
Michiru: Stop that sentence right now! Also, that come-hither voice is banned! Yuuji, talk some sense into this girl!
Yuuji: Sorry, but what exactly am I supposed to say here?
Michiru: Just tell her to stop talking about m-masturbation or whatever! This is messed up, right!?
Makina: So, Chiruchiru, how many times per week? Ya use your fingers? More of a toy person?
Amane: Ever gotten off to Yuuji? What sort of fantasy was it?
Sachi: My, this sounds fun. Are we discussing Michiru-sama's masturbation habits?
Michiru: Aaaaaaahh!!! That's itttttt!!!! I'm gonna blow this whole building SKY-HIGH!!!
Sachi: Michiru-sama, blowing up a structure of this size would require significant expertise, as well as access to fairly powerful explosives. I don't think it's a practical means of resolving your problems, whatever they may be.
Michiru: Yes, thanks so much! I did know that! I really wish you would stop taking every figure of speech literally!
Sachi: I apologize, Michiru-sama. It seemed like something you really might think of...
Michiru: Nwwwooooh!
Yuuji: ...Try to keep it down, will you?
Narration: *Well... since I've come here, I guess my leisure time has been increasingly filled with this sort of boisterous, trivial chat.*
Narration: *Even in that alone, I think I've gained something from entering this school.*
Yuuji: By the way... where's Sakaki?
Narration: *Considering the topic of our conversation, I don't think she'd be sticking around for long even if she did drop by, but I haven't seen our box cutter girl even once today.*
Narration: *At a glance, her normal reserved seat - next to the pillar at the edge of the lobby - doesn't seem to have been disturbed recently.*
Michiru: She's out today.
Sachi: Yes, she left the dorm very early this morning, carrying a large tote bag.
Amane: How early are we talking about?
Sachi: Well, I had only just got up myself, so... a little after 5:00 AM, perhaps?
Narration: *Yeah, that's "early" any way you look at it.*
Narration: *It's one thing if you're a compulsive morning runner like me, but most people aren't going to wake up at that hour on a Saturday. Grade-schoolers with their radio exercises... or old men doing Tai chi for their blood pressure, maybe?*
Michiru: Wonder what she had in that bag...
Sachi: A good question. Perhaps it was packed full of spare box cutters...?
Amane: That girl's a mystery, as always. Didn't we already have this discussion, come to think of it? In this very place, if I remember correctly.
Yuuji: We did, now that you mention it.
Narration: *Amane's words bring to mind the previous Sakaki incident, set off after a round of scary stories in the lobby.*
Narration: *That affair shed light on one aspect of Sakaki's true nature, but not a particularly large or revealing one. And I haven't gained any further insights since.*
Narration: *Sakaki's private life is as mysterious as always.*
Narration: *As soon as we get back from school, she tends to lock herself up in her room. On the rare occasions she does poke her head outside, she actively evades any real attempt at conversation.*
Yuuji: Now there's a question... How about Sakaki? What does she do with her free time?
Narration: *I'm not that caught up on actually finding an answer to this question, but I can't deny that the contrast between the shameless openness of this bunch and Sakaki's cloak of secrecy leaves me slightly interested.*
Makina: Masturbation, maybe?
Amane: Can you please drop that subject already...?
Makina: What blasphemy! Underneath th' great an' beautiful cycle of existence, the journey from the cradle to th' grave, lies a foundation of sexual pleasure! The orgasm is life itself, ya know!?
Amane: ...Oh, Makina. Where did we go wrong...?
Makina: I feel your pain, but this is reality. Grin an' bear it, alright?
Amane: Maybe this is my fault... I think I may have to start wearing less revealing clothes...
Michiru: So, anyway. Yumiko's always got her nose in a book in the classroom, so wouldn't her hobby be reading?
Sachi: I don't believe so.
Michiru: Huh? Why not?
Sachi: Sakaki-san's reading is frequently little more than a pretense. More often than not, she's merely going through the motions.
Sachi: I've noticed her repeating the same few pages many times over. Sometimes, she forgets even to turn the pages. It's not uncommon for her to be carrying the same book for quite some time.
Yuuji: ...You're observant, Sachi. Bizarrely so.
Sachi: Well, Maki-chan requested as much, so I've spent quite some time watching Sakaki-san...
Narration: *Wait, is she talking about that time we "investigated" Sakaki?*
Narration: *I thought our mission wrapped up after we succeeded in startling the girl, exposing her scaredy-cat nature, and generally making life miserable for her...*
Narration: *But apparently Sachi was still on observation duty...?*
Makina: ...Sacchin's investigative skills are without peer, ya know?
Yuuji: I'm sure they are. So try not to waste them on stupid crap, alright?
Narration: *At any rate, it seems the "bookworm theory" is fairly dubious.*
Michiru: ...Maybe she practices knife tricks?
Amane: What, because of her box cutter thing? You're just being lazy now.
Michiru: Come on, what else IS there? There are exactly four things I ever see that girl doing: walking, sitting, reading, and slashing around with her box cutter!
Narration: *When you describe her that concisely, Sakaki really does seem quite the fearsome character, doesn't she?*
Amane: Well, whatever. She's a human just like the rest of us. I'm sure she's a secret porn addict. Probably pleasures herself 'round the clock.
Yuuji: ...I think we were talking about "leisure time" and "hobbies" here, but somehow the topic of discussion seems to have shifted to Sakaki's sex life. How'd that happen, exactly?
Amane: Seems natural enough to me. When you've got too much time on your hands and nothing to do with it, playing with yourself is the first thing that comes to mind, right?
Sachi: Either way, I'll maintain a close eye on Sakaki-san and report any further developments.
Yuuji: Okay, Sachi, that's not necessary. Really, truly not necessary.
Sachi: Very well. In that case, I'll discontinue the operation.
Narration: *The last thing we need is this nonsense leading to something troublesome and making things awkward in the dorm.*
Narration: *If Sakaki wants to talk, she'll do so in her own time.*
Narration: *It's not like I have any pressing need to know more about her, so I'm not going to pry when she wants to be left alone.*
Amane: Ah, crap. I've got a load of laundry I forgot to put in the dryer. Gotta go, guys.
Narration: *Amane patters off toward her room.*
Narration: *Sachi and Makina rise off the couch and follow suit.*
Narration: *But before I can get up myself, Michiru sidles up with an inquiring look on her face.*
Michiru: Why do you ask, anyway? You want to know more about Yumiko?
Yuuji: No, not particularly...
Narration: *I only stuck around because I'd been planning to continue my calisthenics. But Michiru ignores my answer to her question, draws her own conclusions, and forges ahead with this one-sided excuse for a conversation.*
Michiru: Well, if you're that curious what she's getting up to, why don't you ambush her at the entrance one morning and ask? Not that I care.
Yuuji: I have better things to do with my time.
Michiru: Huh? Weren't you just complaining that you have nothing to do with your time? Like, all of five minutes ago?
Yuuji: If you want to talk down to me, I'd suggest you first find a hobby other than masturbation, Michiru.
Michiru: Oh my GOD! Will you drop that already!? I'll end you!
Sachi: Michiru-sama, is that true? Masturbation really was your hobby all along?
Makina: Well, life's a long an' twisty road! Sometimes ya have a phase like that. Masturbate like a deranged ape to your heart's content, my friend! But try ta work on thinkin' up somethin' else to do with your life. In between sessions.
Michiru: Aaaaaaaaggggh! Would a bolt of thunder be so kind as to fall from the sky and fry this girl's mouth shut!!!!!?
Narration: *Clawing furiously at her blond head, Michiru shrieks a desperate entreaty to the heavens.*
Narration: *In the end, our discussion about Sakaki's private life was diverted into the usual headache-inducing nonsense before we could reach any real conclusions.*
Narration: *Not that it was a topic of especially great interest to me in the first place. A few sets of push-ups later, and I've mostly forgotten about the whole thing.*
Date: *June 26, 2011, 05:00 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...Guess I'm up a bit early.
Narration: *Probably because yesterday had been a fairly light day, I found myself awake earlier than usual.*
Narration: *It's not like that's a bad thing, though. More time for a little calisthenics before my run.*
Yuuji: ...Hobbies, huh?
Narration: *As I run through my stretches, I find myself thinking about the conversation we had here yesterday.*
Narration: *I guess "dull" is in fact an objectively appropriate word for someone who uses all his free time to exercise.*
Narration: *From a conventional viewpoint, "training your body" might well qualify as a hobby of sorts. But in my case, I'm maintaining a tool I need for my profession. Training is just a part of the job for me.*
Narration: *So, yes, I basically have no hobbies. I think my personality is mostly to blame. Nothing really tends to capture my interest that strongly, or for that long.*
Narration: *On that point, I may have something in common with Sakaki. By all appearances, she keeps everything and everyone at arm's length mainly because she's decidedly uninterested in learning more.*
Yuuji: Come to think of it, didn't they say Sakaki... Hm?
Narration: *With the sentence halfway out of my mouth, I sense someone behind me and turn to face them.*
Yumiko: Ah...
Narration: *Sakaki's standing by the entrance, staring at me in surprise.*
Narration: *There's a bulky tote bag lying at her feet.*
Narration: *I can tell at a glance that it's stuffed full of various items. I catch a glimpse of thin, wooden objects sticking out the top.*
Yumiko: ...You're early.
Yuuji: For what?
Yumiko: I mean you woke up early, of course...
Narration: *At this point, the conversation from yesterday comes to mind again.*
Narration: *The others mentioned Sakaki's habit of leaving the dorm early in the morning by herself. Apart from the large bag she always carries on these trips, no one has any clues as to what she's getting up to.*
Narration: *Not that I'm particularly interested, but the flow of the conversation seems to call for a little light probing.*
Yuuji: You're up early yourself, Sakaki. Where are you off to?
Narration: *I tried to phrase the question pretty casually. It certainly didn't sound too pushy coming out of my mouth.*
Narration: *I honestly was just trying to draw her into a little small talk, but...*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki purses her lips for a moment before she speaks.*
Yumiko: ...It seems to me that what I do is no one's business but my own.
Narration: *The sentence she finally fires off somehow manages to be simultaneously sharp and blunt.*
Yuuji: What we've got here, Sakaki, is a failure to communicate.
Yumiko: ...What are you talking about?
Yuuji: I asked "Where are you off to?" and you responded "What I do is no one's business."
Yuuji: That's the answer to a slightly different question. You were probably feeling self-conscious about whatever it is you are going off to do, and ended up mishearing what I was asking.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...You have a very unpleasant habit of picking at people's words.
Yuuji: Sadly, it's not really a habit. I was born this way.
Yumiko: ...A-Anyway, please drop the subject. I don't want to talk about it.
Yuuji: Alright. I won't ask you about this again.
Yumiko: Wha...?
Narration: *Sakaki's face fills with genuine confusion. She's clearly surprised by this ready concession to her demand.*
Yumiko: ...All right, I'll be on my way.
Yuuji: Yeah, see you later. Sorry to bother you.
Narration: *As Sakaki heads for the exit, I turn around and begin my calisthenics again.*
Narration: *But as I'm sitting on the floor and beginning to stretch out my arms, I realize that I haven't heard her leave the building yet.*
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: What's up? You need something?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...It's nothing.
Narration: *Sakaki throws opens the door in apparent irritation and immediately leaves the dorm.*
Amane: Talk about fishy...
Sachi: What on earth could she be up to?
Makina: I wanna know what's she's got in that bag...
Michiru: I still think it's spare weapons.
Yuuji: What, were you watching? You've all got too much time on your hands.
Narration: *Within seconds of Sakaki's exit, the other four emerge from their hiding places around the lobby.*
Yuuji: Don't tell me you actually went out of your way to wake up early so you could watch her leave?
Narration: *Amane does her best impression of a mischievous child caught with one hand in the cookie jar. It's kind of unpleasant to watch.*
Amane: You know, after that discussion yesterday, I kinda couldn't help myself.
Sachi: It seems everyone had similar thoughts.
Michiru: Get it together, Yuuji. If you'd pushed a little there, Yumiko obviously would've spilled the beans.
Yuuji: Sorry, but I'm just not that interested.
Narration: *In the first place, if it was something Sakaki would feel comfortable talking about, I'm sure she would have responded differently to my casual question.*
Narration: *That blunt refusal to talk probably means she has her reasons for keeping her activities to herself.*
Narration: *I'm not so irrepressibly curious as to pester her on a sensitive topic, especially when she's not going to reveal anything anyway.*
Makina: That bag is th' key! I bet she's got foldin' angel-wings an' weird glowsticks an' a wig in there! Yumi-chan's goin' out to cosplay in secret!
Yuuji: Hoh. Your grounds for this deduction?
Makina: Well, she's such a borin', quiet character normally, ya know? I'm sure she wants to let her hair down on the weekends! But she already wears it long, right? Hence, a bright pink wig! Elementary! Whaddaya think?
Yuuji: Amane, if you'd be so kind as to shut her up now.
Amane: Daddies who push all the discipline onto mommy tend not to have happy marriages, you know?
Sachi: What shall we do, Kazami-san? If you'd like to reinitiate the surveillance operation, I can get started right away.
Yuuji: No, I don't think there's any reason to put your ninja skills to the test today.
Michiru: C'moooon, that's no fun!
Yuuji: If you want to know that badly, Michiru, go tail her yourself. One-on-one.
Michiru: Ugeh...!
Amane: Send Michiru on a mission like that and I think it'll come to bare steel within minutes.
Sachi: I believe this will end in tears. And blood. I'm concerned for your safety, Michiru-sama, but I feel bound to respect the path you have chosen to walk. I will strengthen my resolve.
Michiru: I didn't say a single friggin' thing about doing this! Don't strengthen your resolve until I tell you it needs strengthening, got it!?
Makina: It'll be okay, Chiruchiru! Ya got lives to spare! She might cut ya into three pieces or so, but within moments th' segments will begin their new lives as Neo-Michiru A, B, an' C!
Michiru: Am I a planarian, Makina!? Don't answer that! The answer is no! I am NOT a planarian!
Yuuji: Look, I'd really like to exercise at some point, if you don't mind...
Yumiko: Ah...
Yuuji: Yo.
Narration: *Later that same day...*
Narration: *Shortly after finishing my outdoor training, I happen to be doing some cool-down exercises in the dorm lobby just as Sakaki returns.*
Narration: *She's holding her bag in the shadow cast by her own body, as if consciously trying to hide it from view.*
Yuuji: Sorry about this morning.
Narration: *First off, an apology for my earlier rudeness seems called for.*
Yumiko: ...R-Right.
Narration: *Sakaki offers a vague non-response, squirming awkwardly where she stands.*
Yuuji: Alright. I'll see you later.
Narration: *I turn away and restart my calisthenics.*
Narration: *But Sakaki doesn't move a muscle.*
Yuuji: ...Sakaki?
Narration: *When I call out to her for the second time, Sakaki flinches in surprise, then shoots me a fierce glare.*
Yumiko: It's nothing. Nothing at all! Just leave it be...!
Narration: *Clearly talking to herself, rather than me, she stomps off in the direction of her room.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Well after Sakaki's vanished from view, I'm still staring after her.*
Narration: *The girl might not have said much of anything to me just now, but it's obvious that she's strangely tense.*
Yuuji: ...Wonder if something's wrong.
Narration: *As I'm puzzling over the matter, a certain woman of unusual proportions appears out of nowhere.*
Amane: Kinda seemed like Sakaki-san wanted to talk there, from what I saw.
Narration: *Amane approaches me with a knowing smirk on her face.*
Yuuji: Oh yeah? I didn't get that feeling, personally.
Amane: That's because you're fundamentally thickheaded, Yuuji.
Narration: *Rather than sitting on the sofa, Amane drops herself cross-legged onto the ground.*
Narration: *Drawing her face close to me as I exercise - as if to give me a whiff of her perfume - she continues.*
Amane: So, what do you think? Got a little bit more interested in Sakaki-san?
Yuuji: Sorry, exactly what in the conversation just now suggested that to you?
Amane: That apathetic attitude of yours seemed kinda tactical, you know. Like you were trying to wait Sakaki-san out, frustrate her into talking to you first...
Yuuji: I don't know about you, but I don't approach my relationships with other people as if they were a fish I'm trying to catch.
Amane: Oh, c'mon now, that's not me either. I'm all about the frontal attacks. Fits my personality much better, you know?
Yuuji: True. Full-frontal certainly seems more plausible in your case. Sorry, I misjudged you.
Amane: ...I don't think you even mean for it to happen half the time, Yuuji, but you really know how to make people want to hit you.
Yuuji: Sadly, I was born this way.
Amane: *Sigh*... I do wonder what's going on with Sakaki-san. Doesn't rejecting everyone around you get kind of lonely and painful?
Yuuji: Well, I guess being alone is the less painful choice sometimes...
Amane: ......?
Date: *June 27, 2011, 15:15 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Principal: Alright, we're done for today.
Sachi: Stand.
Narration: *The weekend behind us, we're back in the classroom.*
Narration: *As the day's lessons reach their conclusion, Sachi leads us in the formal bow that marks the end of every school day.*
Narration: *The weekdays are nice and simple. Given a set schedule, I can coast peacefully through it without having to worry about how I'm spending my time. Or about being insulted over my lack of interests.*
Narration: *I shoulder my bag and leave the classroom.*
Narration: *After dropping my stuff off in my room, I find myself heading to the roof of the dormitory for no reason in particular.*
Narration: *When I can't think of anything to do with myself, sometimes I'll search out places where I can be alone and look at the sky.*
Narration: *I wouldn't say that I prefer solitude, but every once in a while I'm seized with the need to get a break from the clamor of daily life. Which has been very noisy indeed lately.*
Yuuji: Hm...?
Narration: *As I swing the door slowly open, I realize there's someone already on the roof.*
Narration: *The instant I set foot outside, she's staring at me with a slightly suspicious look on her face.*
Yumiko: ...You again?
Yuuji: Sorry, but we do live in the same building. We're going to run into each other sometimes.
Yumiko: ...I wasn't particularly accusing you of anything.
Yuuji: So, can I come up?
Yumiko: You don't need my permission...
Narration: *Having obtained Sakaki's assent, I stand beside the handrail and gaze up into the sky.*
Narration: *It's a vivid shade of blue today. The sun shines powerfully down on us; I can feel heat rising off the iron railing in front of me.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *After a moment, Sakaki turns to me and breaks the silence.*
Yumiko: Hey...
Yuuji: Yes?
Yumiko: Are you... sleeping on your feet?
Yuuji: ...No, I'm awake.
Yumiko: You were so quiet I thought otherwise.
Yuuji: Would you prefer me to talk about something? Or ask you questions?
Yumiko: ...No, that's not necessary.
Yuuji: I see. In that case, I guess I'll do what I feel like.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki tilts her head back slightly and gazes into the sky for a long moment.*
Narration: *Her long hair catches the sea breeze and flutters like a flag.*
Yumiko: Do you come up here frequently...?
Yuuji: Why do you ask?
Yumiko: We've run into each other here before...
Yuuji: True, now that you mention it.
Narration: *I lean forward and grip the warm iron railing with both hands as I speak.*
Yuuji: Every once in a while, I guess. Just to look at the sky by myself.
Yumiko: ...Really? That's a bit hard to believe.
Yuuji: It really is every once in a while. Anyway, that's the only reason I come up here.
Yumiko: I see...
Yuuji: Everyone has times when they want to be alone, right?
Yumiko: Are you insinuating something...?
Yuuji: No, we're talking about me here.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *The sunlight today really is powerful. Very much a midsummer day.*
Narration: *The shadow of a kite flying overhead moves slowly across the roof, wings and beak clearly defined against the concrete.*
Narration: *As I follow the shadow's movement with my eyes, Sakaki blurts out unexpected words.*
Yumiko: You... don't plan to ask, do you?
Yuuji: About what?
Yumiko: What I do outside on the weekends.
Narration: *Sakaki turns her face ever so slightly toward me as she speaks.*
Yumiko: Wouldn't you usually ask, after you saw me leaving at that hour...?
Yuuji: Yeah. I did ask, remember?
Yumiko: But since then, you haven't mentioned it at all...
Yuuji: You told me you didn't want to talk about it, so I haven't brought it up since then.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: If you changed your mind about that, I assume you'd let me know. I'm not looking to stick my nose in other people's business...
Narration: *I turn my head slightly toward Sakaki, meeting her gaze out of the corner of my eye.*
Yuuji: ...With the exception of when somebody wants me to.
Narration: *That policy isn't limited to Sakaki. I'm trying not to interfere with any of the students here more than necessary.*
Narration: *I don't dislike any of them, and I don't have any reason to go out of my way to avoid them; but all the same, I don't have any reason to get closer to them.*
Narration: *That said... when they're the ones approaching me, there's no need to reject them, either.*
Narration: *I'm trying to maintain that subtle balance, as my master taught me.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki stares steadily at my face.*
Narration: *Her expression lies somewhere between puzzlement and curiosity.*
Narration: *I don't know what's gotten her interest all of a sudden, but it's clearly different from her usual apathetic gaze.*
Yuuji: What is it?
Narration: *At my question, Sakaki exhales lightly and closes her eyes.*
Yumiko: ...It's nothing.
Narration: *Sakaki abruptly walks away from the railing and heads for the stairs. Halfway there, she pauses briefly and looks back in my direction.*
Yumiko: ...I'll be going back to my room.
Yuuji: Right.
Narration: *At my concise response, Sakaki's expression again takes on a shade of bemusement.*
Yumiko: You really are an odd one, you know that...?
Yuuji: For some reason, I get that a lot. Honestly can't understand why.
Narration: *For a moment, there's a rare smile on Sakaki's face.*
Yumiko: ...Goodbye.
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *Sakaki opens the iron door and disappears inside the dorm.*
Narration: *The kite I've been watching draws a lazy arc in the sky, as if to wave farewell, and then floats out of sight.*
Narration: *The sun begins its slow descent toward the horizon as the evening approaches.*
Narration: *I push myself back from the railing and walk slowly toward the stairs, feeling the sun-warmed concrete underneath my feet.*
Yuuji: An odd one, huh...?
Yuuji: ...Don't know if you're one to talk.
Narration: *Her hypocrisy is kind of charming. It feels like I've been lectured about drinking too much by an alcoholic.*
Narration: *For some reason, I feel like I've warmed up to Sakaki a bit. Maybe we've got more in common than I realized.*

Date: *June 27, 2011, 17:10 - Mishima Cape - Central Shopping District*
Amane: Heyy! Michiruuu! Over here!
Michiru: ...Hum? A voice calls to me from the shadows... A voice crying out for justice!
Amane: I'm right here. Also, justice isn't involved.
Michiru: ...Show yourself!
Amane: Geez, you're so oblivious. Phew. This stuff is way too heavy.
Michiru: Amane? What's up with all those bags?
Amane: Eheh, I kinda got carried away with my shopping.
Michiru: No kidding! This is ridiculous... How can you possibly use all this by yourself?
Amane: It's not just for me, of course. I've got Makina and Yuuji's share too...
Amane: Oh, hey, that's right. Michiru, you have a second? Shoei's got a sale on large eggs, 98 yen for a 10-pack, but it's limited to one per customer.
Michiru: Huh? Wha... you're still not done!?
Amane: Eggs have so many uses, right? You can really never have too many. I mean, when you open the fridge, doesn't it make you a little nervous if you don't have a couple dozen eggs waiting for you?
Michiru: No, it really doesn't. I mean, you just buy more when you run out, right?
Amane: No thank you. My pantry needs to be overflowing at all times or I just can't settle down. C'mon, just tag along. You're a tsundere, aren't you?
Michiru: Excuse me? What does my being a tsundere have to do with eggs?
Amane: Don't worry about it, let's just get going already. The sale's gonna end soon.
Michiru: Geez. All right. If you're that desperate for my company, I guess I can spare some time.
Amane: Yes! That's what I was looking for! Exactly how a tsundere should be.
Michiru: What's that supposed to mean? Are you mocking the proud history of the tsundere people?
Amane: Perish the thought. Teeheehee.
Michiru: "Teeheehee" yourself...
Date: *June 27, 2011, 17:50 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Amane: I'm home! Ahh, that's a load off!
Michiru: You're home? This isn't your room!
Amane: Hmm? Yuujiii? Not around? Well, whatever... Michiru, hand me that bag, will you? Gotta get that stuff in the fridge.
Michiru: Uh, that isn't your fridge. Can you really just start putting stuff in it? You're really acting like you own the place.
Amane: Hmm? C'mon, it's not like he's making good use of it. The fridge in my room is way too small.
Amane: Don't just stand there, have a seat. I'll get you some tea or something.
Michiru: Huh? Ah, okay...
Amane: Barley tea good enough? Here you go.
Michiru: Yeah! Thanks!
Michiru: ...Okay, hold on just one second here!!
Amane: Gah, you scared me! What the heck? Why're you shouting all of a sudden...?
Michiru: Huh? He... Hey!  Why are you taking off your clothes...?  WHY are you taking off your clothes!?
Amane: ...You kind of repeated yourself there.
Michiru: Good to know! Thanks so much! Why are you getting undressed!?
Amane: Hmm? What're you getting so worked up about? Everybody changes clothes when they come home.
Michiru: Okay, maybe so! But this is NOT your home, right!? You just barged into a guy's room and started stripping!
Amane: It's not like I'm planning on lounging around naked. I'm just getting changed into my casual clothes.
Michiru: That's another thing... Why exactly do you have a change of clothes in this room in the first place...?
Michiru: What's with you two? Are you dating? Living together? Why is there a bra lying on top of his bed? I have way too many questions right now...
Amane: Ahahah, sorry. It's a real mess, huh?
Michiru: ...Uhm, that's okay... but is it my imagination, or is most of the stuff in here yours, not Yuuji's? I mean, this place is pretty freakin' bleak. He doesn't even have a TV...
Amane: Hmm, well, there's a TV in the lounge just outside his room, and I think he's got most of his belongings stuffed in that huge backpack. Of course, I don't have any idea what exactly's in it...
Michiru: Oh, hey, what's in here?
Amane: Ah, don't open that door. Yuuji'd get seriously mad.
Michiru: Why?
Amane: That's basically his private room. Not that it's very large. Two and a half square meters or so, I guess.
Michiru: Huh? That's just a walk-in closet, right? What the heck does he have in there?
Amane: I'm telling you, just leave it alone. There's nothing interesting in there anyway. It's basically an empty room.
Michiru: Really?
Amane: I took a quick peek inside once, but all I saw was scraps of paper all over the place.
Michiru: If there's nothing in there, why can't we look?
Amane: Doesn't matter if it's empty. I think he just needs a totally personal space. Everybody has parts of themselves they don't want others looking at, you know?
Amane: He got really angry the time I went in there. It's off-limits.
Michiru: Why? I don't get it.
Amane: Hmm. Well, think of it this way. How would you feel if someone started looking through the messages on your cell phone? Pretty mad, right? It's something like that for him.
Michiru: Even though the room's completely empty?
Amane: Even if there aren't any messages in your phone, you don't want someone looking through it, you know?
Michiru: I still don't get it.
Amane: Let me put it this way... I'm pretty sure he's got his past stuffed in there.
Michiru: Uh, what?
Amane: By which I mean all the things he doesn't want anyone to know about.
Michiru: ...Oh...
Michiru: ...If you put it that way... Well, it's not like I don't have some secrets myself, I guess...
Amane: Right? So anyway, just leave it be, okay?
Michiru: ...Yeah, yeah. I got it.
Amane: Ah, more importantly, I've gotta get to work on dinner! I was going to do gyoza dumplings today. Can you help me out, Michiru?
Michiru: Huh? Wait a second... You even make his meals for him!?
Amane: I'm always making extra for Makina, anyway. It's hardly any effort to make his share while I'm at it. If you've got time, help me out with wrapping the dumplings.
Michiru: Why gyoza, anyway? Does he like dumplings?
Amane: Hmmh? Well, he's not a picky eater, but he doesn't have many favorite foods either... he basically eats anything I put in front of him. Not a big fan of meat, though. I think shrimp gyoza should be right up his alley.
Michiru: Uhm, I... haven't made dumplings before, alright? Go get Makina to help.
Amane: The girl's no good at all with this sort of thing. She'll just start making sculptures with the dough.
Michiru: Alright, so why not ask Sachi? Why push this on me?
Amane: C'mon, I've got to teach the second daughter something every once in a while. Stop your complainin' and get over here.
Michiru: ...Second daughter?
Amane: Our firstborn is hopeless on this front, can't manage anything harder than cup ramen. The third daughter takes everything seriously, so she'll remember what you teach her, but...
Amane: Give her a job like this, and she gets so obsessed with wrapping every dumpling perfectly shut that it never gets done. And as I mentioned, the youngest child hasn't grasped the difference between making gyoza and playing with clay.
Michiru: So by process of elimination, you go to the second daughter...? Uh, why am I the second daughter, anyway?
Amane: You're crude, uncouth, your personality is warped, and you aren't what I'd call charming, but you're still the girliest of the bunch somehow. Sounds about right for the troublemaking, attention-starved middle child.
Michiru: Is that supposed to be a compliment?
Amane: But of course! Alright, shall we get started with the setup?
Michiru: I'm telling you, I've never done any cooking before...
Amane: It's easy. We steam the cabbage and bok choy for a bit, boil the bamboo shoots, and mix in chives. Instead of meat, we'll be mincing shrimp as the base for the filling. Then we just wrap it up in some off-the-shelf dough skins.
Michiru: ...Come to think of it, for a room this barren, there's a pretty impressive set of cooking utensils...
Amane: Mmm, yeah. Well, I've sort of been bringing all the big pans that get in the way in my room down here...
Michiru: You're just using this place as a dumping ground, aren't you?
Amane: C'mon, he's getting delicious meals out of it. I'd hardly call that a bad trade. Pass me the salt.
Michiru: ...Salt? Is that this one?
Amane: It is indeed.
Michiru: Hey, what's this thing? With all the big grains of something or other inside...
Amane: Hm? Ah, it's parched rice. Instead of using desiccants, you can just roast the rice for long-term storage.
Michiru: What the heck is that? Folk wisdom? You're such an old lady about this stuff, Amane...
Amane: Geez, leave me alone... What's wrong with knowing a few household tricks? Here we go... vwoosh!
Michiru: ...Whoa! Aren't you going to chop that stuff up with a knife or something? You're more casual about this than I expected...
Amane: Don't be silly. What's the point of doing it the painstaking way when there's a machine that works? That time really adds up when you're doing this every day, you know. The trick to consistent home cooking is knowing where to cut corners.
Michiru: ...Huh? Really?
Amane: Gyoza dumplings might sound difficult, but even grade-schoolers can make pretty decent ones with a little practice.
Michiru: It does look kind of easy the way you do it... what with the "vwoosh" and all...
Amane: I'm always trying to teach Makina this, but the most important thing when you're learning to cook is to avoid getting "clever." Just do what the recipe tells you and you'll hardly ever fail outright.
Amane: 80% of the time a beginner makes something completely inedible, it's because they came up with some "brilliant" idea and ignored the instructions.
Michiru: I see...
Amane: Then again, I'm a pro, so I do whatever I want.
Michiru: ...Hey! What was that!? What did you just put in there!?
Amane: Hmm? Oh, it's oolong tea. Pour a dash of this onto the gyoza filling and you'd be amazed how much tastier it gets.
Michiru: ...Huh? Really? But it looks so gooey now...
Amane: Gooey is fine. Who cares? Yuuji loves oolong tea.
Michiru: ...Huh? That's the reason you tried this!? Aren't you kind of... uh... careless about this!?
Amane: Alright, we're done with the filling! Now we just wrap them up and fry them! See? Not so hard, is it?
Michiru: Is this really okay? It felt like you were barely paying attention. And, uh, isn't the wrapping part kind of tricky...?
Amane: Piece of cake. People only screw up because they get greedy and stuff too much filling in each dumpling. Stick to a teaspoon a piece.
Amane: After that, just sprinkle some water on the edge of the wrapper with your fingers, then pinch it closed! C'mon, how about you just give it a try?
Michiru: ...O-Okay...
Amane: Yeah, that's it. Now you just fold in little flaps on one side to get the pleated look.
Michiru: ...Huh... you're right. It's going okay, I think...?
Amane: No problem, right? Okay, just keep going like that and we'll be done in no time. Let's say 40 for the four of us.
Michiru: ...Hrm, Hrm... This is actually a little fun... I feel like I'm getting an idea of how Sachi feels about this stuff...
Amane: Whoops, the eldest son has returned...
Michiru: ...Eldest son?
Amane: Welcome back, Yuuji. Where've you been? Out getting up to no good?
Yuuji: I told you the reception on the TV in the lobby was getting bad, didn't I? Sachi and I were trying to fix the antenna.
Amane: Hmm, and? You get it working?
Yuuji: Yeah, although we ended up having to replace the antenna... Look, forget me. What are you two doing in here?
Amane: Can't you tell? We're cooking dinner. It's gyoza tonight.
Yuuji: ...I'm asking why you're doing that in my room.
Amane: Aw, don't be grumpy. We're making your share too.
Yuuji: I don't remember asking for any...
Amane: But you won't turn it down, will you?
Yuuji: Well, can't let food go to waste.
Amane: Oh, please. You don't fool me. Once you actually start eating, you always end up admitting how good it is. This is what we call "tsundere," you know? Am I right, Michiru?
Michiru: Huh? ...Ah! That's right! Hey, Yuuji!
Yuuji: What?
Michiru: Don't misunderstand, okay? It's not like I made dinner for you or anything! I was making my own share and just happened to have some extra left over! Got it?
Amane: Michiru, sometimes you just forget you're supposed to be a tsundere, don't you?
Michiru: Th-That's... That's not true!
Yuuji: ...Well, fine. Try not to make too much of a mess in here, okay?
Amane: Hm? Where are you off to?
Yuuji: Just going to buy some oolong tea.
Amane: Oh, right. I figured you'd be running out pretty soon, so I bought some just now. It's in the fridge.
Yuuji: ...I see. Appreciate it.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: ...Amane, you know... you really do have it together. Very much the responsible older woman... I'm honestly impressed...
Amane: What's this all of a sudden...?
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji!!
Yuuji: Nn... *Gulp*... What now?
Michiru: Look, you! Don't just stand there gulping down the tea she bought you like it's the most natural thing in the world!
Michiru: Do you understand what you've got here!? It's thanks to Amane that you've got this easy life, you know!? You'd better not forget that!
Yuuji: Uh... yeah... I guess. Can't forget that the front lines are only possible through the support of the supply units and paymasters...
Michiru: What are you even talking about? You make no sense at all sometimes! Do you really understand!? 
Yuuji: ...Well, to be honest, I have no idea why you've gotten so angry all of a sudden... Sorry.
Michiru: Don't apologize to me, idiot! Show some gratitude to Amane for once! Right now!
Yuuji: ...I don't really get it, but... Amane, thank you very much for everything you do, I guess?
Amane: You're very welcome, I suppose?
Michiru: Okay, I sort of expected as much from him, but why did you turn that sentence into a question, Amane...?
Amane: Well, I just don't remember doing anything I'd expect him to grovel in gratitude over... Is it really that big a deal?
Yuuji: It might not seem like much to you, Amane, but to certain people who feel self-conscious about never doing anything for anyone else, I expect buying some tea looks like a truly heroic act of charity.
Michiru: You don't get it at all!! Also, you're a jerk!!
Yuuji: What do you want from me...?
Michiru: I want you to show Amane the gratitude she deserves! And while you're at it, show me some gratitude for making the gyoza! Got it!!?
Yuuji: Oh, is that all? Of course, I'm grateful to you both. I appreciate it, Michiru.
Michiru: ...I don't feel really convinced of that, but... very well. I suppose I'll let you off the hook for the moment...
Narration: *Soon after, the wafting scent of frying gyoza lured Makina to my room. Sachi, concerned to find Michiru's room empty, also stopped by before long.*
Narration: *At that point, we adopted a resolution to invite Sakaki as well, initiate an extraordinary increase in dumpling production, and engage in a "Gyoza Pig-Out Party."*
Narration: *The "Mihama Female Gyoza Corps." was then established, under the command of Suou Amane (XO - Komine Sachi), to pursue these objectives. All members hurriedly scraped together ingredients from their fridges. Our goal was set at 120 dumplings.*
Narration: *The results of this emergency production varied widely in quality. There were a number of respectable dumplings, filled with relatively appropriate things like bean jam or cheese―*
Narration: *But also some truly bizarre results, such as "fishstick gyoza" and "wiener gyoza." Soon, dozens of dumplings were arrayed in front of the hot plate.*
Narration: *Much like the weapons brought to battle by an army on the verge of defeat, the variation was rich, if not the quality. We began testing a wide range of dipping sauces, as well, leading to even stranger combinations of tastes.*
Narration: *Fortunately, Makina quickly complained that "Eatin' em plain tastes better." The group's experimental spirit restrained at last, the "Gyoza Pig-Out Party" drew to a close without any major casualties...*

Narration: *June 28, 12:47 - Mihama Academy - Hallway*
Narration: *There's an old proverb: "Once three women gather, things get noisy." It happens to be a lie.*
Narration: *Truth of the matter is, one woman is enough for things to get noisy. Females are capable of holding a lengthy conversation with a wall; get three such creatures together, and you're solidly beyond "noisy" and into "migraine-inducing" territory.*
Narration: *A conversation between men is a very efficient thing. Step one: both sides communicate their business. There is no step two.*
Narration: *With women, it's a different story. Before they get to the point, the conversation will be diverted onto the subject of dieting, which then develops into a chat about cosmetics.*
Narration: *From there, the topic will shift to TV programs, then celebrities, perhaps followed by an exchange of opinions on popular sweets. After a stopover at the old standby, love gossip, things will come full circle to more dieting talk.*
Narration: *Whatever the original point of the conversation may have been, it's buried under the bewildering blizzard of topics, never to be seen again.*
Narration: *Then again, maybe I'm just looking at this the wrong way. It seems entirely plausible that female conversation is pointless by design.*
Narration: *Of course, I'm something of a magnanimous spirit, so I do my best to endure these unproductive chats when necessary. But there comes an end to every limit.*
Narration: *Once my tolerance is exceeded, my usual coping method is to shut down my brain, then repeat "I see," "Amazing," and "Not your fault" every time I sense a pause in the verbal onslaught. In many cases, this proves sufficient.*
Narration: *On one memorable occasion, I weathered a conversation with a woman for a good four hours using nothing but these three phrases.*
Voice: You think so as well, Kazami-san!?
Yuuji: I see.
Voice: Then the matter is decided, I think.
Yuuji: Amazing.
Voice: I'll make every effort to produce a work of the highest possible quality!
Yuuji: Not your fault.
Narration: *Unfortunately, there are also times when my strategy doesn't work out so well.*
Voice: Uhm, are you really okay with agreeing to that? Seriously?
Yuuji: Hmm?
Michiru: Please don't tell me you were just spacing out...
Yuuji: What a ridiculous accusation. I was listening to every word.
Michiru: Okay then, how about you try telling me what that conversation was about?
Yuuji: Let's see... Something about how Sachi hates pickles? Or was it parsley?
Michiru: Not remotely close! You weren't paying any attention at all!
Narration: *Seems my concentration may have slipped ever so slightly. Probably because I got so caught up reading that new novel last night.*
Narration: *I hadn't noticed during my morning training routine, but apparently I didn't get enough sleep. Must have flipped the mental kill switch without even realizing it.*
Narration: *I force my brain out of hibernation mode and stare Michiru in the eyes.*
Yuuji: All right. Honestly, I wasn't paying attention in the slightest. Therefore, I have no idea whatsoever as to what that conversation was about. Not even a shred of a clue. You got a problem with that?
Michiru: H-Hey, what's with the attitude all of a sudden...?
Yuuji: All I remember of that discussion was some pointless small talk at the beginning. Hardly a big deal if I did "space out."
Michiru: Oh yeah? Well, if you're really okay with that, it's not like I care. Just make sure you don't come crying to me later, got it!?
Yuuji: Crying...?
Michiru: I can see you now. Crawling back to me, sobbing "It's embarrassing! It's sooo embarrassing!" Don't think I'm going to wipe your tears for you or anything!
Yuuji: "It's embarrassing...?" What? Sorry, I have no idea what you're talking about.
Michiru: That's your own stupid fault! Hmph!
Yuuji: Hrm, this might be trouble.
Sachi: Kazami-san, about what we just discussed...
Yuuji: Yeah, about that...
Sachi: Would you allow me to take your measurements? After all, if by any chance the length were to prove insufficient, it would be quite a problem.
Yuuji: Uh, yeah. Very true. Got to have sufficient length.
Sachi: Yes, it wouldn't be usable otherwise.
Yuuji: Right. Wouldn't be usable.
Sachi: All right then. Please hold still for a moment.
Narration: *With her customary finesse, Sachi takes my measurements. The skillful, efficient movements of her hands remind me of a maid gracefully pouring tea.*
Narration: *Her refined motions possess something of the special charm unique to the work of true artisans. Truly impressive.*
Yuuji: Can I ask one question?
Sachi: Certainly. What is it?
Yuuji: You're measuring for the length of what, exactly?
Sachi: The strap.
Yuuji: The strap, eh.
Sachi: Well then, I'm going to begin work at once. Please excuse me.
Yuuji: All right, show me what you can do. I expect precision to the millimeter.
Sachi: Thank you very much. I'll do my very best to make a shark pouch that will look perfect on you, Kazami-san!
Yuuji: Sachi! Hold―
Yuuji: ―on! Wait! Sachi...
Narration: *Sachi trots off, oblivious. My voice doesn't even seem to register. As I find myself alone, the gravity of the situation at last begins to sink in.*
Yuuji: A shark pouch... that will look perfect on me?
Narration: *By "shark pouch," she's presumably referring to something like that vaguely fish-shaped fanny pack Michiru's always wearing.*
Narration: *Okay, that much I understand. But... one that "will look perfect on me?" What exactly is that supposed to mean?*
Narration: *I slowly, carefully draw out my vague memories of the conversation I sleep-walked through earlier.*
Michiru: Owwww!
Narration: *A cool draft of air was flowing into the hallway through an open window, refreshing as a mountain breeze after a long hike.*
Narration: *As I walked down the corridor, lost in my thoughts, I was surprised by an agitated yelp. It was reminiscent of the high-pitched shrieks emitted by cartoon animals back in the earliest days of sound films.*
Narration: *I moved to confirm the situation, prepared for the remote possibility of an emergency. Instead, I found Michiru sprawled out on all fours, her face planted on the ground. Apparently, she was cleaning the floor with her tongue. How admirable.*
Yuuji: Hrm. A face mop, eh? That brings back memories. I had to clean a few hallways this way myself, back in my old school.
Michiru: That's completely ridiculous! I j-just fell, idiot! Owowow...
Narration: *When I looked down, a number of canisters were strewn all over the floor. They resembled Michiru's containers of ramune candy. Apparently this wasn't an attempt at cleaning after all; they must have fallen out of her shark pouch when she fell.*
Narration: *In an attempt to be polite, I bent over to help her pick them up, but Michiru hurriedly snatched the nearest canister away from my hand.*
Michiru: It's fine, I can pick them up myself. You just keep your hands to yourself, got it?
Yuuji: Hrm. If you say so.
Michiru: Aw, looks like the zipper on this thing is getting a little loose. Guess I'll have to ask Sachi to fix it.
Sachi: You called, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: Eeeeeeeek!! Where the heck did you pop out from!?
Sachi: I simply happened to be passing by.
Michiru: R-Really? Okay, well, that's convenient. Could you repair the zipper on this for me?
Sachi: With pleasure!
Sachi: But I must say, this shark is incredibly cute. As always.
Michiru: Hmm, well, yeah. Sure, I guess.
Sachi: I feel that this sort of item only looks good on certain people, but it suits Michiru-sama very well indeed. What do you think, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's cute. Michiru has reached the pinnacle of shark chic.
Sachi: Shark chic... That's wonderful...
Narration: *Now that I think about it, by this point I was already mostly tuned out of the conversation. Once a female speaks the word "cute," in most cases the discussion is going to get painfully lengthy and repetitive.*
Narration: *Combined with my drowsiness from insufficient sleep, this instinctive judgment quickly sent my mind into hibernation mode.*
Michiru: Huh? You like this sort of thing too?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Sachi: That's somewhat unexpected.
Yuuji: Really?
Michiru: Don't tell me, let me guess. You've secretly been longing for a shark pouch of your own, right?
Yuuji: I see.
Sachi: If you really do want a shark of your own, perhaps I could make you one...
Yuuji: Amazing.
Michiru: H-Hey... Okay, I'm sorry for joking around. She's really going to make you one, you know?
Yuuji: Not your fault.
Sachi: Michiru-sama, it seems that Kazami-san truly does want a shark pouch of his own.
Michiru: Y-You think so? Are you sure about that? His eyes look kind of vacant. Maybe he just stopped paying attention to the conversation?
Sachi: That can't be, Michiru-sama. Kazami-san would never do such a thing. Kazami-san! Please allow me to make you a shark of your very own!
Yuuji: I see.
Sachi: I know! I'll add some rhinestones to make an extra-cute sparkly version for you! But don't worry. It will be durable enough for you to wear it every single day, as I'm sure you will!
Yuuji: Amazing.
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji! I'm sorry, it's my fault! She's really going to do this, you know? You're going to live every day with a glittery shark around your waist!
Michiru: A sparkly lifestyle, you understand!? Is that really what you want!?
Yuuji: Not your fault.
Sachi: Michiru-sama, you mustn't judge a book by its cover. It appears Kazami-san actually loves the fancy, sparkly things in life!
Sachi: I'm certain rhinestones will suit this shark perfectly. You think so as well, Kazami-san!?
Yuuji: I see.
Sachi: Then the matter is decided, I think.
Yuuji: Amazing.
Sachi: I'll make every effort to produce a work of the highest possible quality!
Yuuji: Not your fault.
Yuuji: ...Hrm.
Narration: *Somehow, it seems the conversation concluded with me sentenced to wear a sparkly shark fanny pack at all times. I gently close my eyes and imagine the result.*
Narration: *A sparkly lifestyle. As they say in Hollywood, a life of glitter...*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Although I can picture the scene without difficulty, accepting it proves beyond my capabilities.*
Yuuji: Sachi! Sachiiii!!
Sachi: Yes, how can I help you?
Yuuji: Emergency situation. Sorry for the sudden notice, but I need to withdraw the previous request. Discontinue the production process.
Sachi: What do you mean?
Yuuji: I'm talking about the pouch. You remember, right?
Sachi: Yes, uhm... are you referring to the shark pouch that I've already halfway completed for you?
Yuuji: ...You work fast.
Sachi: Yes indeed, I can hardly control myself. My hands have been moving at Mach speed.
Narration: *Every time the words "shark pouch" leave Sachi's mouth, her expression becomes dazed and dreamy. The girl's gotten herself all fired up for some reason. I've got to do something, and quick...*
Sachi: Kazami-san, I'm positive a shark will look simply adorable on you. Rest assured, I'm putting my heart and soul into producing a flawless pouch! Perfect down to the millimeter!!
Yuuji: Uh... Right.
Narration: *If the thing's already half-finished, I can hardly admit that I simply wasn't paying attention to the conversation.*
Narration: *In the field, even a momentary lapse of judgment can be enough to trap you in a hopeless situation. I've seen people die for their carelessness before my eyes.*
Narration: *A few thoughtless steps, a small sound drowned out by the buzzing of insects, a single stray bullet; such things can sometimes change the fate of the world. I should know this all too well. And yet, look at me now.*
Narration: *Cold sweat trickles down my armpits as I speak.*
Yuuji: A shark, eh. A shark, is it...?
Sachi: Yes! An adorable shark!
Yuuji: Could you make it a crocodile instead?
Sachi: I certainly can! I'll begin at once!
Narration: *Figures. I was hoping to buy some time with an unreasonable demand, but we're dealing with Sachi here. A design change like that doesn't even faze her.*
Yuuji: Sorry, Sachi, forget about the crocodile as well.
Sachi: Huh...? Uh, certainly. In that case, I'll remove this tracing paper for the moment.
Narration: *Her preparations for changing the coloration from a shark to a crocodile were proceeding far too quickly. I can't underestimate her skills.*
Narration: *I've got to pick an animal difficult enough to throw her for a loop and slow down the production process.*
Narration: *...Which would mean...*
Yuuji: I've got it, Sachi. What we need here...
Yuuji: Is a bush dog.
Sachi: A bu... bush dog? By "bush dog," do you mean the canid species common in northeast Argentina, supposedly capable of running backward at full speed, known as the "vinegar dog" in Brazil!?
Yuuji: I do indeed. Think you can handle it?
Sachi: But of course! However, I think it might take some time to complete...
Narration: *Sachi twists her face in apparent frustration. Just as I'd hoped. Even with her determined spirit, making a motif from such an unfamiliar animal should require some time-consuming work.*
Yuuji: All right. Carefully collect your reference materials. Proceed slowly but surely. Nice and slowly, understood?
Sachi: Mission accepted!
Yuuji: Let's have your initial report on the estimated time to completion.
Sachi: Approximately twenty minutes!
Narration: *Through heroic effort, I manage to swallow the words "That's too damn fast!" before they leave my mouth.*
Yuuji: ...I s-see. You think it'll go that smoothly, eh?
Sachi: Indeed! Prompt action is foremost in my philosophy! Please excuse me!
Yuuji: ...Seems the bush dog was too easy. If I'd gone with the golden lion tamarin, I might have bought myself a few more minutes.
Yuuji: Damn it, I chose poorly. Damn it!!
Michiru: You are such an idiot...
Michiru: It's your own fault for not paying attention to the conversation... You're really hopeless.
Yuuji: Silence! What's the point of passing judgement on history from a position of hindsight!? At that time, under those circumstances, I made the best decisions that I could!
Michiru: And this is the result? My condolences, your best is pretty terrible.
Yuuji: Damn it! Damn it all!!
Michiru: H-Hey, calm down already, will you? It's just a pouch. Hardly that big a deal, is it?
Yuuji: Guh. Yes, perhaps you're right. *Sigh*... My apologies. I overreacted.
Narration: *Thanks to Michiru's words, I quickly regain my composure. It seems my lack of sleep may have made me overly irritable.*
Narration: *Just as she says, if I think about the matter rationally, there's hardly any reason to make such a fuss over a mere rhinestone-covered shark pouch. The mature thing is to politely accept my sparkly fate.*
Yuuji: On second thought, I'd rather die!
Michiru: Look, I'm telling you to calm down already!
Yuuji: Gwaaaa! Adequate sleep! Adequate! Sleep! Is! Gravely! Important!
Makina: What's goin' on? Pretty dang noisy out here. We havin' a festival?
Michiru: I'm at a loss here. Yuuji's seriously freaking out. I've never seen him this irritated before.
Makina: Hawhoa! A rare sight 'ndeed. Likely a case of calcium deficiency. Here, eat up.
Narration: *As she speaks, Makina picks up a pebble from the hallway floor and offers it to me. I accept it with a curt "Yeah," then hurl it into the distance with one smooth movement.*
Makina: Wha!? What do ya think you're doin'!?
Yuuji: Silence. Please. I really, truly need you to stop talking for a while.
Michiru: <Please don't say train.>
Yuuji: Nobody was discussing locomotives. Your English is terrible. Also, you need to shut up.
Michiru: Myu?
Makina: What th' heck! Onii-chan's actin' real weird. You were right, somethin's off here.
Michiru: It's his own fault for only half-listening. Basically getting your just deserts, you know?
Yuuji: True, when you get down to it this is my fault. Seems I have no choice but to accept the consequences...
Makina: So Chiruchiru, what did ya need me for?
Michiru: Mmm, well...
Sachi: Haa, haa... Kazami-san! It's complete! Haa, haa... B-Behold, the bush dog!
Sachi: Haa, haa... haa... look, the... b-bush... dog... d-haa... kuh... sh...
Narration: *Although she's completely out of breath, Sachi's face is filled with the joy of victory. She thrusts out her hand, offering me a pouch recognizably modeled after a bush dog. Pretty impressive accuracy for such off-the-cuff work, actually.*
Yuuji: G-Good work. Impressive... I wasn't expecting you to finish the job so quickly.
Sachi: Yes! Sharks are the state!
Michiru: It's not a shark, it's a bush dog. Not that either of those have anything to do with the state.
Sachi: Well then, Kazami-san, please feel free to try it on right away. Drape this strap over your shoulder.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I turn the pouch over in my hand. It seems to be constructed from heavy-duty waterproof nylon, usable even in heavy rainy weather.*
Narration: *In order to express the distinctive coat of the bush dog, Sachi's made use of fabric with a "chocolate chip" pattern.*
Narration: *The chocolate chip design is more familiar as a camouflage pattern in desert regions, but it's well-suited to the purpose. I'm honestly fairly impressed with her creative choice.*
Narration: *And yet... as if to intentionally shatter the otherwise clever design, sparkling rhinestones are scattered all across the pouch's surface.*
Narration: *The sheer "glitter power" of this thing is overwhelming. I feel a little dizzy just looking at it.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes? Is something the matter? The strap is equipped with an adjuster, so you should be able to adjust it to the most comfortable height for your physique.
Sachi: It's no exaggeration to call this pouch my... Komine Sachi's greatest masterpiece! Please, by all means, try it on!
Yuuji: ...I... I see.
Narration: *I steel my nerves and prepare to face my cruel, sparkly fate.*
Yuuji: Kuh. If only... I'd gotten adequate sleep...
Narration: *But in the next moment, the situation changes abruptly. Michiru approaches briskly, snatches the pouch from my hands, and dangles it in front of Makina.*
Michiru: H-Hey, take a look at this thing, Makina.
Makina: What? I ain't interested in fanny packs, ya know. Keep your nonsense to yourself, why don'tcha?
Michiru: Stupid. Take a close look, got it? See, it's got all these shiny bits, right?
Makina: Whaaaa!? Shiny bits!?
Narration: *With a subtle motion too small for Makina to consciously notice, Michiru draws the pouch back toward herself.*
Narration: *The action triggers Makina's subconscious instinct for the chase, firmly hooking her interest on the bush dog pouch.*
Makina: Whoa, this thing's hella shiny! Crazy shiny! I wannit! I wannit!
Narration: *At Makina's words, I grab Sachi's shoulders and stare intensely into her eyes.*
Yuuji: Sachi, my friend, you heard the girl. "This thing's hella shiny." "I wannit." "Unless you give me this pouch, I don't know what will become of me. I'm afraid I can no longer live without it." What passion. My heart has been moved.
Yuuji: On that note. I know I was originally scheduled to receive this, but I think Makina may be the more deserving recipient. It may look even better on her than it would on me. What do you think?
Sachi: Y-You may be right... I think Kazami-san is ideally suited to a shark, but for a bush dog, Maki-chan may be a tactically appropriate choice...
Makina: Hey hey hey, what is this anyway? A golden lion or somethin'?
Sachi: How rude! Anyone could tell at a glance that this is a bush dog!
Makina: A bush dog, eh! It's super cute. I love bush dogs! Almost as much as I love Chiruchiru!
Michiru: Whaaat? Just where do I stand in your internal rankings!?
Makina: Huh? In order, I love dogs, Chiruchiru, bush dogs, an' dogs!
Michiru: Why am I in the animal category!? And you said dogs twice!
Yuuji: Sachi, can you find it in your heart to give it to our young animal lover here? I think that would be the best thing for the pouch.
Makina: Hrmph, who says I'm an animal lover? I jus' love bush dogs. Also dogs, Chiruchiru, an' dogs. That's it.
Sachi: Very well... I understand. Perhaps you're right, this pouch might suit her best. Please take good care of it, Maki-chan.
Makina: Yaaaay! I got it! I gotta super-shiny bush dog!!
Bush　Dog: Wafoo.
Makina: This guy... just barked!
Sachi: Yes, I thought... it might be nice... if it could bark...
Michiru: Why are you shy about that!?
Makina: Hey, hey, Sacchin, can it bark more? Does it have other barks?
Sachi: At the moment, I'm afraid there are only around ten variations, but if you do this...
Bush　Dog: Hapopopo.
Makina: Gyaaa! Ka-yuuut! So cuuuute!! C'mere and show me more! I wanna find a nice quiet place to appreciate th' barks!
Narration: *Makina and Sachi wander off somewhere, grasping the sparkling bush dog pouch in their hands. Left behind, Michiru and I find each other's eyes and heave simultaneous sighs of relief.*
Yuuji: Hrm, excellent work. I definitely owe you one.
Michiru: Huh? For what?
Yuuji: No need to play dumb. I know you orchestrated this conclusion. You called Makina over so you could press that pouch on her.
Michiru: Orchestrated? Don't just start accusing me of weird stuff! What part of me looks like I'm orchestrating!? I've never orchestrated in my life!
Yuuji: Can you define "orchestrated?"
Michiru: It's, you know, that thing where you stand on the box? With the little wand or whatever? ...What the heck is it? What does that mean!?
Yuuji: Whatever. Either way, I owe you one. From now on, I'll be paying at least a little attention to any conversation, no matter how incredibly pointless. Otherwise, there's no telling when I'll get caught up in something ridiculous again.
Michiru: Are you honestly trying to be nice here? Or is this more of the usual sourpuss act? I seriously can't tell.
Yuuji: Sounds like you're describing yourself.
Michiru: Wha!? That's so not true! I'm super hone... Er, no. I'm super tsunde... Wait, what am I supposed to say here...?
Yuuji: If a tsundere honestly admits they're a tsundere, they stop being a tsundere.
Yuuji: A woman says everyone on her island tells nothing but lies. If it's true, the woman's a liar, but if she's a liar, what she says can't be true. Similar case.
Michiru: Ah yes, the famous "hedgehog's dilemma!"
Yuuji: No, not quite.
Michiru: Guh. R-Really? Uh, the hedgehog's dilation?
Yuuji: Now you're just talking about an animal giving birth.
Michiru: Wait, which one is the dilation then? The cat inside the box?
Yuuji: Are you looking to become a veterinarian?
Michiru: Huh? I wanna be a vet!? When did this turn into a psychological test...? I can't let my guard down for an instant around you!
Yuuji: There was no testing involved. You managed to get yourself completely confused just fine without my help. Specifically, you started talking about things you don't understand and lost track of the conversation entirely.
Yuuji: Neither Schroedinger nor Freud have anything to do with this. You're trying too hard. Stick to nice, small words.
Michiru: Oh, shut up already! Anyway, I'm me! Not anybody else! Got it!?
Yuuji: Yes, I'm aware of that.
Michiru: Well, I wasn't! So there! Blaaah!
Michiru: *Am* *Nam*
Narration: *Michiru takes a handful of ramune candies from her pouch and munches down on them vigorously.*
Narration: *I know women are always saying they have a "separate stomach" for sweets, but isn't this daily intake of junk food bad for her? Or is this some form of stress relief?*
Narration: *Seems to me that a coping strategy like that would just get you caught in a vicious circle of candy-bloated misery.*
Yuuji: You know, no matter how much glucose you take in, it's not going to increase your basic potential for action.
Yuuji: It's certainly necessary as energy for your brain, but considering your presumably modern and clearly unhealthy diet, there's no need to go out of your way to take more.
Yuuji: Junk food like that is basically pure sugar, just so you know.
Michiru: L-Leave me alone, alright!? Eating these things calms me down. *Nyam* *Nyam*
Yuuji: Hmm. If you're that fond of them, let me try one.
Michiru: No way, these are mine and mine alone! Go buy your own, you deadbeat!
Michiru: ...Ah, deadbeat isn't quite the right word... Uhmm, you... you...! An insult for someone who wants candy...? Hmm.
Yuuji: "You" what?
Michiru: Hmmm, you... you... you <sugarless!!>
Yuuji: I think you may have gotten there from "homeless," but the nuance is actually pretty different. I think I might have mentioned this, but your English really needs work.
Michiru: Shaddup. Anyway, that's that! Bye-bye!
Yuuji: Oh? A reasonably polite farewell for once.
Michiru: Ugh. I take that back! It's not like I'm saying bye-bye or anything! I'm storming off without a word, got it!? Without a word!
Yuuji: Got it. See you later.
Michiru: Yeah, later!
Michiru: Ahh! ...Kuh.
Narration: *It's difficult for me to determine whether this girl is basically a somewhat considerate person, or just an utter idiot who occasionally stumbles her way into acts of kindness. But either way, she's incredibly noisy.*
Narration: *From experience, I know that there are essentially two types of women in the world. You have your "noisy women," and then you have your "even noisier women."*
Narration: *And we men must manage as best we can in this cruel world. There is a quick and efficient way of shutting a woman up, namely sealing her lips, but sadly this comes with its own set of complications.*
Yuuji: Life's no picnic.
Narration: *...I think I'll be going to bed early tonight.*

Narration: *Makina and Sachi wander off somewhere, grasping the sparkling bush dog pouch in their hands. Left behind, Michiru and I find each other's eyes and heave simultaneous sighs of relief.*
Yuuji: 「Hrm, excellent work. I definitely owe you one.」
Michiru: 「Huh? For what?」
Yuuji: 「No need to play dumb. I know you orchestrated this conclusion. You called Makina over so you could press that pouch on her.」
Michiru: 「Orchestrated? Don't just start accusing me of weird stuff! What part of me looks like I'm orchestrating!? I've never orchestrated in my life!」
Yuuji: 「Can you define "orchestrated?"」
Michiru: 「It's, you know, that thing where you stand on the box? With the little wand or whatever? ...What the heck is it? What does that mean!?」
Yuuji: 「Whatever. Either way, I owe you one. From now on, I'll be paying at least a little attention to any conversation, no matter how incredibly pointless. Otherwise, there's no telling when I'll get caught up in something ridiculous again.」
Michiru: 「Are you honestly trying to be nice here? Or is this more of the usual phony crankiness? I seriously can't tell.」
Yuuji: 「Sounds like you're describing yourself.」
Michiru: 「Wha!? That's so not true! I'm super hone... Er, no. I'm super tsunde... Wait, what am I supposed to say here...?」
Yuuji: 「If a tsundere honestly admits they're a tsundere, they stop being a tsundere.」
Yuuji: 「A woman says everyone on her island tells nothing but lies. If it's true, the woman's a liar, but if she's a liar, what she says can't be true. Similar case.」
Michiru: 「Ah yes, the famous "hedgehog's dilemma!"」
Yuuji: 「No, not quite.」
Michiru: 「Guh. R-Really? Uh, the hedgehog's dilation?」
Yuuji: 「Now you're just talking about an animal giving birth.」
Michiru: 「Wait, which one is the dilation then? The cat inside the box?」
Yuuji: 「Are you looking to become a veterinarian?」
Michiru: 「Eh, I have a subconscious desire to become a veterinarian!? When did this turn into a psychological test...? I can't let my guard down for an instant around you.」 
Yuuji: 「There was no testing involved. You managed to get yourself completely confused just fine without my help. You started talking about things you don't understand and lost track of the conversation entirely.」
Yuuji: 「Neither Schroedinger nor Freud have anything to do with this. You're trying too hard. Stick to nice, small words.」
Michiru: 「Oh, shut up already! Anyway, I'm me! Not anybody else! Got it!?」 
Yuuji: 「Yes, I'm aware of that.」
Michiru: 「Well, I wasn't! So there! Blaaah!」
Michiru: 「*Am nam*」
Narration: *Michiru takes a handful of ramune candies from her pouch and munches down on them vigorously.*
Narration: *I know women are always saying they have a "separate stomach" for sweets, but isn't this daily intake of junk food bad for her? Or is this some form of stress relief?*
Narration: *Seems to me that a coping strategy like that would just get you caught in a vicious circle of candy-bloated misery.*
Yuuji: 「You know, no matter how much glucose you take in, it's not going to increase your basic potential for action.」
Yuuji: 「It's certainly necessary as energy for your brain, but considering your presumably modern and clearly unhealthy diet, there's no need to go out of your way to take more.」
Yuuji: 「Junk food like that is basically pure sugar, just so you know.」
Michiru: 「L-Leave me alone, alright!? Eating these things calms me down. *Nyam nyam*」
Yuuji: 「Hmm. If you're that fond of them, let me try one.」
Michiru: 「No way, these are mine and mine alone! Go buy your own, you deadbeat!」 
Michiru: 「...Ah, deadbeat is a bit harsh... Uhmm, you... you...! An insult for someone who wants candy...? Hmm.」
Yuuji: 「"You" what?」
Michiru: 「Hmmm, you... you... you <sugarless!!>」
Yuuji: 「I think you may have gotten there from "homeless," but the nuance is actually pretty different. I think I might have mentioned this, but your English really needs work.」
Michiru: 「Shaddup. Anyway, that's that! Bye-bye!」
Yuuji: 「Oh, a reasonably polite farewell for once.」
Michiru: 「Ugh. I take that back! It's not like I'm saying bye-bye or anything! I'm storming off without a word, got it!? Without a word!」
Yuuji: 「Got it. See you later.」
Michiru: 「Yeah, later!」
Michiru: 「Ahh! ...Kuh.」
Narration: *It's difficult for me to determine whether this girl is basically a somewhat considerate person, or just an idiot through and through. But either way, she's incredibly noisy.*
Narration: *From experience, I know that there are essentially two types of women in the world. You have your "noisy women," and then you have your "even noisier women."*
Narration: *And we men must manage as best we can in this cruel world. There is a quick and efficient way of shutting a woman up, namely sealing her lips, but sadly this comes with its own set of complications.*
Yuuji: 「Life's no picnic.」
Narration: *...I think I'll be going to bed early tonight.*

Date: *June 28, 2011, 14:03 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *When you visit a country where they speak a different language, there's one thing you should always learn first―*
Narration: *Namely, the local phrase for "thank you." Or so my master taught me.*
Narration: *Of course, my master was also such a half-assed human being that she usually didn't bother to learn anything else.*
Narration: *Get "thanks" down first, then just make up the rest as you go along. I had plenty of good conversations in America using only "thank you," "dog," and "pencil!"*
Narration: *―When someone's that shamelessly sloppy about life, it's actually kind of charming.*
Narration: *The woman had the brains of poultry. But while we're on the subject of English, "chicken head" is an insult you should usually try to avoid over there.*
Narration: *Say that to a woman and you've implied that she spends a lot of time moving her head back and forth like a chicken pecking at feed. In other words, that she's a blowjob expert.*
Michiru: <Today's supper isu fish. You rike a fish?>
Makina: <...Huh? Do I look like a fish?>
Michiru: <Yes, fish. Are you ohkay?>
Makina: <...What you say?>
Michiru: <Are you ah-kaay?>
Makina: <...Are you a gay?>
Michiru: <Yes, I'm ogay!>
Makina: <Oh, geez. That's tough.>
Michiru: <You too?>
Makina: <Of course not! You bastard!>
Michiru: <What? Prease say again.>
Makina: <You know what I'm sayin'? Knock it off...>
Michiru: <I rike fish! I'm rove-it!>
Makina: <You're a rabbit? The hell are you laughin' about, anyway?>
Yuuji: Hey. Amane.
Amane: Hm? What's up?
Yuuji: What exactly are those two doing over there?
Amane: Oh, that? It's Professor Makina's remedial class.
Yuuji: Remedial class?
Amane: Remember how Michiru was this close to failing the last English test? That's pretty common. So every once in a while, Makina teaches her for a bit.
Yuuji: Makina? Teach...?
Amane: Well, I think I mentioned this before, but Makina lived in America for a while as a kid.
Yuuji: The idea of Makina teaching somebody... is kind of bizarre...
Makina: What're you sayin'!? Think the matter over, gentl'men!
Makina: Listen carefully. Matsushima Michiru is a woman who misreads "Chopin" as "chopping!" While I'm a woman who merely mispronounces "animal" as "enimo!"
Makina: Surely no obj'ctive observer can deny that I'm th' one who should be teachin' her! A self-evident truth, is it not!?
Makina: No, I'm certain of it! 'Twas a rhetorical question! And for some reason, I'm talkin' like a pretentious git! Truly, the epitome of annoyin'!
Amane: ...You're saying that yourself? If you're aware, maybe you could just stop...?
Yuuji: Hmph... you're awfully full of yourself for someone who can't even pronounce Anomalocaris properly...
Amane: The heck is that?
Yuuji: It's the name of the largest animal in existence during the Cambrian period. Makina, let's see what you've got.
Makina: Aromanocaris!
Yuuji: Wrong. Try again.
Makina: Anoromacaris!
Yuuji: Wrong. It's Anomalocaris. Once more.
Makina: Ano... mano...?
Amane: Halogen bulb.
Makina: Hageron bubble!_
Amane: Three strikes, you're out.
Makina: <Ouchie!! Fuckin' jeez!>
Yuuji: ...What, you can't even handle "halogen bulb?"
Sachi: Maki-chan's tongue is short, and her head works in a slightly "special" way, so there are many words she has difficulty pronouncing properly.
Makina: That ain't right, ya know!? Don't you underestimate me! You'll be cryin' in th' end! 
Sachi: Cargo-Passenger Ferry Mangyongbong-92.
Makina: ...C-Cargo... Poss! Nagrgghhh!! Shaddup! Leave me aloneeee!!
Yuuji: Spare me the temper tantrum...
Narration: *It's probably a side effect of a compression-based mnemonic method. She seems to be storing only the beginning and ending of each word for efficiency, so proper nouns and words with unusual middle syllables give her trouble.*
Makina: Chiruchiruuu! We're continuin' the English conversation! Right nowww!!
Michiru: Oh, pipe down. You don't have to scream, I'm right here...
Makina: Alrrrright then! The topic of the conversation is Ama-nee! Begin!
Michiru: <Ahh... Her name isu Amane.>
Makina: <I knows. So what?>
Michiru: <She is very lovely.>
Makina: <That's right.>
Michiru: <By making her a lover, it's to become happy!>
Makina: <Dunno 'bout that.>
Michiru: <She is lover of rover.>
Makina: <...Lover of rubber? A dutch wife?>
Michiru: <If you marry her, it is mammy of mammy!>
Makina: <Huh? Is your mommy a mummy?>
Michiru: <Yes!>
Makina: <Holy shit. Quite a family. Try to find your own path, okay?> 
Yuuji: What good is this doing...? This isn't even a conversation...
Yuuji: Hey. Amane.
Amane: Hm?
Yuuji: Is this really going to help her grades any?
Amane: Hmm... I wonder. Well, it's probably better than nothing, right?
Yuuji: Well, maybe. I guess...
Narration: *The complete lack of coherent flow to their conversation is part of the problem, but Makina's English is honestly almost as bad as Michiru's.*
Narration: *Her pronunciation is comically off, and she mixes in many weird phrases you won't hear over there. They say you shouldn't learn English from a non-native speaker, and this is a good case in point.  *
Amane: Well, just get a bit down and you can make up the rest as you go along, right?
Yuuji: As you go along, eh...?
Narration: *I suppose there are some people out there who can hold an entire "conversation" using only "pencil," "dog", and "thank you."*
Narration: *"When it comes to English conversations, might as well just make it up as you go along."*
Narration: *I guess that's the extent of our "lesson" for the day.*

Date: *June 29, 2011, 16:53 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Narration: *―"When you see a maid with her hands empty, call out to her."*
Narration: *That's a line from an old movie I saw once. It basically means that a capable maid should be kept busy at all times.*
Narration: *Excluding the bridesmaid, whose main responsibility is getting drunk at her friend's wedding, the essence of the maid is "service." Her job is to anticipate her employer's actions and needs, then take care of the dirty work in advance.*
Narration: *This generally involves tools of some kind, so a maid who isn't carrying anything tends to be an idle, underemployed maid.*
Narration: *You can apply the idea to other occupations as well; a good soldier always carries a well-maintained rifle, and a diligent student should always have a reference book or two on their person.*
Narration: *...But in some cases, the opposite may also be true. As I've just discovered, there are certain maids who catch your attention when their hands are full, rather than empty.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *The maid in question: Komine Sachi, as of fairly recently my classmate.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Just yesterday, we sat at our desks in the same classroom, pursuing our studies together. And now here she is, walking in my direction, dragging a metal bat roughly across the floor.*
Narration: *In this country, where guns and bladed weapons are strictly prohibited, this is about as suspicious as it gets. Show this scene to ten thousand Japanese, and I think every one would mistake her for a dangerous person.*
Narration: *...Of course, I don't actually have any proof that assumption would be a mistake on their part. Maybe she really is planning to burst into someone's room and launch an attack.*
Yuuji: So, who's the target?
Sachi: What?
Narration: *Unable to suppress my doubts, I call out to Sachi with the question foremost on my mind. She turns to face me with a blank expression of confusion.*
Narration: *Her nonplussed face is enough to confirm that my worst suspicions were unfounded. My interrogation proceeds to the next logical point of inquiry.*
Yuuji: What's that metal bat in your right hand?
Sachi: It's a Mizumo.
Yuuji: No, that's not...
Sachi: It's a MIZMO.
Yuuji: I wasn't asking for the brand. And your pronunciation was fine the first time.
Sachi: I'm very sorry... I can't quite seem to grasp what you're trying to ask me, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: I just want to know why you have that metal bat in your hand, and what you intend to use it for...
Sachi: Now I see. The nuance of the question eluded me at first.
Narration: *Closing her eyes, she nods in satisfaction at resolving the puzzle.*
Narration: *If I was having this conversation with someone from Ichigaya, we would have gotten to this point in two seconds or less. Communication between students, as you can see, is a comparatively involved and troublesome process.*
Sachi: I retrieved this metal bat from my locker in the classroom at Michiru-sama's request. I'm currently bringing it back to her.
Yuuji: Michiru asked for that? She planning to challenge Sakaki to a duel or something?
Sachi: I'm afraid I didn't ask...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Your position inside the hierarchy of your community is established fairly quickly. For those determined to move up the ladder, single combat is a fairly common means of advancement.*
Narration: *Perhaps this is a good opportunity to witness such a moment of struggle.*
Yuuji: Mind if I come with you?
Sachi: I don't think I have any objections, if that's what you would like...
Yuuji: All right then, let's go.
Narration: *When we reach Michiru's room, Sachi knocks lightly on the door.*
???: ...What's the password?
Sachi: Mountain.
???: River.
Sachi: Bloomers.
???: Alright...
Narration: *With this brief, cryptic exchange of words, the door swings open.*
Michiru: You've done well!
Narration: *In the next moment, a shock of distinctive bleached-gold hair springs out toward me.*
Yuuji: ...I don't remember doing anything warranting a hug from you, actually.
Michiru: Hey! Why the heck is Yuuji here!?
Sachi: Well... I met Kazami-san on the way here, and when I mentioned I was on my way to your room, he asked if he could come along as well...
Michiru: ...Why?
Yuuji: Why not? Just felt like seeing you, Michiru.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: D-Don't tell me you really think... th-that transparent lie is going to work on me!
Sachi: Oh, it didn't work after all? I couldn't quite tell. Your face seemed to indicate otherwise.
Michiru: Sachi, you could have left that alone, okay? Just for future reference!
Sachi: I apologize...
Yuuji: So... what exactly are you planning to use a metal bat for?
Michiru: G-Girls have their secrets! That information is off-limits to you!
Narration: *...Does a metal bat have any female-specific applications?*
Michiru: All right, thanks Sachi. I owe you one for this!
Sachi: Yes.
Narration: *With this exchange, Michiru quickly retreats back into her room, and Sachi starts to walk off with a satisfied expression on her face.*
Yuuji: Sachi, aren't you interested in what Michiru plans to use that bat for?
Sachi: It wasn't relevant. My job was simply to deliver the item requested.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *True, demonstrating the discretion to refrain from inquiring into the circumstances of your clients is a vital step toward establishing trusting business relationships...*
Narration: *Sachi seems to view her responsibility as a class representative from an admirably professional perspective.*
Yuuji: Impressive, Sachi. You've exceeded my expectations again.
Sachi: ...Thank you very much.
Narration: *Watching Sachi's face flush slightly red, I continue with my questions.*
Yuuji: So, what's next on your schedule?
Sachi: Next... I was planning to water the flower bed in the courtyard.
Yuuji: Is that also part of your job as a class rep?
Sachi: It's not an official responsibility, but... Principal Tachibana mentioned it would be helpful if I could "try to keep the flowers from withering," so...
Yuuji: I see.
Narration: *Seems that woman's been saving on labor costs by relying on volunteers for simple maintenance work...*
Yuuji: Next time you see the principal getting ready to push work on you, I think you should tell her the following: "Come back after you've fixed that habit of baby-talking to your pets."
Sachi: ...Certainly.
Yuuji: Also, one more request... Would you mind if I continue observing you work for a while?
Sachi: Well... I don't have any particular objections, but...
Yuuji: Something the matter?
Sachi: Uhm, I suppose I'm concerned that you'll find watching me rather boring, Kazami-san...
Yuuji: No worries on that front. I've already been entertained enough to last me for a while.
Sachi: ...?
Narration: *Sachi tilts her head to the side in a gesture of pure bewilderment.*
Narration: *The more time I spend around this girl, the more I realize that she's a natural airhead. The type so oblivious she doesn't even realize she's missing out on everyone else's jokes.*
Yuuji: All right, that's that. Don't mind me, I'll keep out of your way.
Sachi: Yes.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Upon entering the courtyard, Sachi immediately begins watering the rows of flowers.*
Narration: *If you forget the strange fact that it's taking place in a Japanese school, this little scene of a maid caring for the flower beds is truly picturesque.*
Yuuji: Are those purple flowers verbenas?
Sachi: Yes. Perennials of the vervain family. In Japan, they're known as "bijozakura."
Yuuji: ...You're pretty knowledgeable.
Sachi: I wouldn't say knowledgeable, but... in order to "keep the flowers from withering," I did a certain amount of research.
Yuuji: I see. You're a diligent one.
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *All of a sudden, Sachi stops moving her watering can. She bends down and opens a flower's bulb with her hand, carefully examining it.*
Yuuji: Something wrong?
Sachi: The petals on this one are turning white...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Crouching down next to her to take a look, I quickly understand why she's so concerned. One of the flower's petals is almost entirely covered in white, as if someone's dusted it with powder.*
Yuuji: Looks like "flour disease."
Sachi: ......
Narration: *At my words, Sachi looks at me with eyes full of anticipation.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry, but that doesn't mean it's become edible. It's more commonly known as "powdery mildew disease." You see it a lot when you're growing wheat or grapes.
Sachi: Oh, I see...
Yuuji: It's caused by a parasitic fungus, so the most effective response would probably be using chemical fungicides on the affected plants.
Sachi: Chemical fungicides...?
Yuuji: If you ask the principal, I'm sure she'll get some for you.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: What is it? Something on your mind?
Sachi: Uhm... I was just thinking that you're fairly knowledgeable about flowers yourself, Kazami-san... 
Yuuji: ...Ah, not in particular. Guess I'm actually pretty similar to you in this respect, Sachi... Somebody told me to read books, and I've just been following those orders.
Yuuji: After a while, a lot of random trivia just accumulated in my head. It does come in handy every so often.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Sachi doesn't respond to my words verbally, but her smile seems slightly brighter than usual.*
Yuuji: ...So, where are we headed next?
Sachi: The bathroom.
Yuuji: That so?
Sachi: Yes.
Narration: *The conversation comes to an abrupt end. We walk on in silence.*
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: .........
Narration: *After a little while, we arrive in front of the girls' bathroom.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi. Mind if I stop you for a second here?
Sachi: What can I do for you?
Yuuji: If we take another step forward here, I'm going to be trespassing in the girls' bathroom...
Sachi: So... it would appear, yes.
Yuuji: And you don't have a problem with that?
Sachi: Well, I'm not sure if my feelings on the matter are the most relevant consideration...
Sachi: If one of the others were to see you in a place like this, I'm afraid their level of trust toward you would likely take a severe turn for the worse...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Seems she at least understands that a man entering a female restroom is not generally considered acceptable.*
Yuuji: So next up is cleaning the grand bathroom?
Sachi: Yes. It's very rare for anyone to enter the bath at this time, so I typically give it a quick cleaning.
Yuuji: You planning to do it by yourself today, as usual?
Sachi: I suppose so... Unfortunately, I lack the power to create magical clones of myself, or the skill to produce a robo-Sachi to assist me...
Yuuji: True. Don't think I can help you on that front myself.
Narration: *That said, she could at least try asking one of the others for assistance once in a while.*
Narration: *Maybe it has something to do with her firm set of beliefs about her responsibilities as class representative...?*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *While I'm pondering the matter, Sachi has already calmly begun her work.*
Narration: *After stopping the hot water that's constantly trickling into the oversized bath, she begins to lightly rinse the other areas of the bathroom using the shower head.*
Narration: *From the quick, confident movements of her hands, it's obvious that she's repeated this procedure many, many times.*
Narration: *It's pretty clear that Michiru or Amane helping is a rare event. I think she's effectively been cleaning this place all by herself for a long time now.*
Sachi: Mm... Hm...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Since I did tell Sachi I'd "stay out of her way," it was my intention not to interfere with her work as much as possible, but...*
Narration: *Just standing here and watching as my classmate does manual labor feels pretty awkward.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes?
Yuuji: This is just an offer, but how about I help out as well?
Sachi: But... cleaning this bathroom isn't your responsibility, Kazami-san...
Yuuji: Yeah, but I'd like to help, as long as I wouldn't get in the way. What do you say?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Well... I must admit, I am curious about the exact nature of the mysterious powers you seem to be hiding, Kazami-san. Might you be able to clean the entire bathroom with a wave of your hand? That would be quite helpful.
Yuuji: Unfortunately, I don't have any supernatural skills, but I do have some confidence in my basic physical capabilities.
Sachi: I see. In that case, I would certainly appreciate it if you could put that strength to use.
Yuuji: Sure.
Yuuji: Okay, let's get down to it. Your orders?
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Sachi: Well... the truth is, I'm not particularly good at giving others instructions...
Yuuji: ...I see.
Yuuji: In that case, you want me to give the commands?
Sachi: Yes. That would be much appreciated.
Yuuji: Got it. We're dividing the bathroom into two halves. Sachi, continue to work on that area from the entrance to the right wall. I'll assume responsibility for the left half.
Yuuji: Our objective will be to finish the work in fifteen minutes. Is that acceptable?
Sachi: Yes, sir.
Yuuji: ...A good response.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Having completed the division of labor, I quietly move my brush along the tiled floor, precisely imitating Sachi's movements as I observed them earlier.*
Narration: *Throwing yourself into a mindless task like this every once in a while isn't such a bad thing. Helps maintain your ability to concentrate.*
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *Sachi lets out a small cry, and there's the sound of something toppling over.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *When I turn around, I find Sachi sitting on her backside on the bathroom floor. She seems somewhat dazed.*
Yuuji: ...You planning to clean the floor with your clothes instead of the brush?
Sachi: Oh my... I hadn't even thought of that possibility. The scales have fallen from my eyes... 
Narration: *In a gesture that's growing increasingly familiar to me, Sachi nods her head vigorously several times.*
Narration: *It seems to be a sign she's absorbing a new idea.*
Yuuji: So, first things first... Any injuries?
Sachi: Well... I suppose the tile on the floor may have been scuffed somewhat.
Yuuji: ...That's not a problem. Let's continue the job.
Narration: *I reach out my hand to Sachi, who hasn't budged from the bathroom floor during this conversation.*
Sachi: ...Yes.
Narration: *After helping Sachi to her feet and confirming that she's all right, I return to my own work.*
Yuuji: Phew...
Narration: *But seriously, the more you look at this gigantic bathroom the more it seems out of place in a student dormitory.*
Narration: *It's sizable enough that even a grown man would likely get tired trying to clean it alone.*
???: ...Hachew!
Narration: *Then again, this academy is dramatically over-equipped in nearly every respect, considering the tiny number of students currently enrolled here.*
Narration: *The one area where they show moderate restraint is the small faculty... But even then, every class is led by a lecturer with special expertise in their particular field.*
Narration: *Well, since this school was basically built by Sakaki's father, I guess you can think of it all as one big "toy" he bought for his daughter. Either way, the economic inefficiency of this place isn't really my problem...*
???: ...Achew!
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: What's with the chirping? Do we have a sparrow trapped in here?
Sachi: ...Huh?
Narration: *When I turn back in search of the wayward songbird, I find Sachi in an inexplicable state of undress.*
Yuuji: ...What on earth are you wearing?
Sachi: Uhm... My panties, I suppose...?
Narration: *Hrm. She's got her bra on as well, so I think "underwear" would be a more precise description...*
Yuuji: No, see, I was trying to ask why you've taken off your maid uniform...
Sachi: Ah, yes. When I fell earlier, my clothes got rather wet. Given that fact, I thought I might as well make use of them as part of a more efficient cleaning method.
Yuuji: And so you wrapped your uniform around the head of the brush and started dragging it across the floor?
Sachi: Indeed. The idea occurred to me because of your wise words earlier, Kazami-san. Good job!
Narration: *I suppose her clothes-brush is contacting more of the floor at once than the standard version, but I'm more than a little dubious about how effective a cleaning instrument it is.*
Yuuji: In exchange, you're standing around in your underwear in front of a member of the opposite sex... Any thoughts on that?
Sachi: Is that... Hacheew!
Yuuji: Sorry, but I'm not familiar with the language of the sparrows.
Sachi: Uhm... Is that a problem?
Yuuji: Well, not for me. I'm not the sort to complain about a free show...
Sachi: In that case, there doesn't seem to be any reason for concern.
Narration: *As soon as the words are out of her mouth, Sachi gets back to work, completely nonchalant.*
Narration: *...Things have gotten troublesome all of a sudden.*
Narration: *There may not be any major problems at present, but if, say, Amane were to walk in right now... I think there's a good possibility I'd get dragged into an interrogation even lengthier than the one that followed the JB incident―*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *At this point, I notice Sakaki standing frozen just inside the entrance.*
Yuuji: ...Planning to take a bath in your clothes?
Yumiko: I don't think that's my major concern at the moment, thank you very much.
Narration: *Even as she spits out her retort, Sakaki's suspicious glare stays glued to Sachi and her bizarre appearance.*
Yumiko: Komine-san, why on earth are you undressed?
Sachi: Well, Kazami-san said it would be best...
Yumiko: Wha!?
Yuuji: Hold on, Sachi. There are a number of problems with your attempt at explaining the situation.
Yumiko: Then how about you enlighten me? You're a prior offender, so I hope you have a very good explanation indeed...
Yuuji: Prior offender...? Oh, you're talking about that time she came to school in her underwear.
Yumiko: Yes...
Narration: *Sakaki reaches into the pocket of her skirt and retrieves the usual "item."*
Narration: *So she carries her self-defense stationery with her even into the bath? A truly cautious individual. Sachi could learn a thing or two from her example.*
Yuuji: I think I've mentioned this before, but that thing isn't going to work on me.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: As for the reason Sachi's in her underwear... she decided this would be a more efficient method of cleaning, and took off her clothes on her own initiative.
Yumiko: ...I see.
Narration: *Although I offered my explanation fully expecting it to be rejected, Sakaki accepts my words surprisingly easily.*
Narration: *It seems she's familiar enough with Sachi's lack of common sense that even a bizarre story like this sounds perfectly plausible.*
Yuuji: So anyway, the grand bath is "reserved for cleaning" at the moment.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *At this announcement, Sakaki abruptly turns and walks out of the bathroom, her long hair streaming behind her.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *As for Sachi, she's already restarted her cleaning as if nothing had happened.*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *The females in this school seem to be somewhat lacking in the "shame" department.*
Narration: *Or perhaps my preconceptions on the matter are as old-fashioned as wearing a pager on your hip? Maybe this is just the way things are nowadays...*
Narration: *It seems like I've still got quite a lot to learn.*
Yuuji: Sachi, you're really something. In a lot of ways.
Sachi: ...Th-Thank you very much.
Narration: *I have a truly unlimited number of unresolved questions here, but one in particular stands out...*
Narration: *Why is it that this girl can strip to her underwear in front of a man without even batting an eyelid, but blushes bright red when you give her anything resembling a compliment? Female thought processes are truly complex.*
Narration: *In this way, a day spent in close observation of my classmate comes to an end...*
Narration: *And starting the very next day, there's a clear change in my environment.*
Date: *June 30, 2011, 08:02 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Specifically, this.*
Narration: *Sachi has suddenly moved from her habitual seat, directly in front of the teacher's podium, to the desk immediately next to mine.*
Narration: *Not that she's started pressing her blubber against me, Amane-style. She's just changed her seat.*
Narration: *Not a particularly dramatic event, really.*
Amane: ...Hey, Yuuji. I'd like your explanation for this, right now. And it had better be good.
Yuuji: I'd like to hear an explanation myself, honestly... but first of all, can you stop interrogating me as if I'm an unfaithful husband?
Narration: *But this small change seems to have taken everyone around me by surprise, prompting general curiosity.*
Michiru: Don't tell me you're blackmailing our innocent Sachi!? Did you order her to change seats? Is that it?
Yuuji: Oh? An interesting scenario. Where would things go from there?
Michiru: Well, you'd take d-dirty photos of her... then call her to your room... Hey! How dare you make a girl say stuff like this!?
Yuuji: I don't remember "making" you reveal your sick and twisted mind.
Makina: Hey, hey, Sacchin. Why'd ya move next to Onii-chan?
Michiru: ......!
Narration: *As Makina plunges into the heart of the matter, the other two inquisitors catch their breath in anticipation.*
Sachi: There's no particular reason. It's just...
Makina: It's just?
Sachi: I think I slightly prefer it this way.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *And why exactly would she suddenly prefer this seat?*
Narration: *Was nearly walking into a girls' bathroom together that much of a bonding experience...?*
Michiru: ...Hey, Sachi. Is that, uhm... would that mean a certain somebody, uh, likes Yuuji?
Sachi: I'm sorry, who exactly? You, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: W-We're not talking about me, obviously! I'm asking if you moved because you like Yuuji, Sachi!!
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Having grasped the nature of the question, Sachi closes her eyes in thought.*
Sachi: ...I don't think that's it, no.
Michiru: Huh...? Really?
Sachi: Yes. I'm quite convinced that Kazami-san isn't a bad person... but I don't have any romantic feelings toward him at the moment.
Amane: That so...
Sachi: It is indeed.
Narration: *Sachi simply answers the questions put to her in a steady, bland tone of voice.*
Narration: *That hasn't changed at all from the day I met her.*
Amane: Teeheehee. You got shot down pretty quick, Yuuji.
Yuuji: ...Yeah, before I even made my move. That's a new record.
Makina: So, you basically just felt like it?
Sachi: Yes. I basically just felt like it.
Narration: *There's a slight smile on Sachi's face as she speaks.*
Narration: *I'm pretty confident she's speaking with complete honesty.*
Yumiko: Still... "at the moment" would seem to suggest the possibility of further developments...
Narration: *I spent an entire day with her yesterday, but Sachi's thoughts are still beyond my understanding.*
Narration: *―But it seems clear that her opinion of me has undergone a subtle change of some sort.*
Principal: Ah, Komine-san. Do you have a moment?
Sachi: Certainly...
Principal: If you don't mind, I have a little favor to...
Sachi: Please come back after you've fixed that habit of baby-talking to your pets.
Principal: Huh...?
Principal: ...W-Why would Komine-san say something like that?
Principal: ...Did I... do something to her?

Date: *June 20, 2011, 10:20 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *―It's pretty well-known that rabbits can die if they get lonely enough.*
Narration: *You might assume that means you should be petting your bunnies at all times, but in fact, excessive contact can stress their nerves badly enough to inspire escape attempts. Moderation is the rule in our interactions with other creatures.*
Narration: *But human beings have a hard time finding that balance even when we try. All too often, we clumsily misjudge the appropriate distance. Or stumble in our attempts to maintain it.*
Makina: Hold on, Onii-chan! It's a crisis, ya know!? Seriously! Hey!
Yuuji: Yeah. Sounds bad. A crisis, to be sure.
Narration: *A recess period. Makina pops up noisily before my eyes, then proceeds to grab at my clothes and shake me back and forth.*
Narration: *I ward her off with one hand, paying little attention to the specific content of her squawking.*
Makina: Hey, Onii-chan! What's with th' brush-off!?
Yuuji: Well, I assume you're just babbling. Can't say I'm sensing a whole lot of danger right now...
Makina: But it's true! Don't gimme that unruffl'd cool-guy face right now! Earth's in danger, ya know!?
Yuuji: I can't do anything about my face. Leaving that aside, I suppose it wouldn't do to ignore a global crisis.
Makina: Oh, earth was a bit of an exaggeration. Sorry 'bout that! It's a little bit more localized. Specific'lly, limited to our class.
Yuuji: That's a pretty dramatic drop in scale, you little punk...
Makina: But in many symbolic, philosophic'l anime, the events in such microcos-mickel communities are directly connected to th' fate of the world, so I'm not really that far off!
Yuuji: ...What the hell are you even talking about...?
Amane: Well, leaving aside symbolism and the fate of earth or whatever, I think it's fair to say this is a fairly serious matter. On the scale of... let's see, a one-kilometer radius or so.
Yuuji: Hoh...
Narration: *Makina is one thing, but if Amane's backing her up I guess this does warrant my attention.*
Michiru: What's this? Something up?
Sachi: Oh? Why the group meeting all of a sudden...?
Yuuji: ...I have a feeling this is going to get out of hand if everyone jumps into the conversation.
Narration: *But just as I'm about to shoo away the two late arrivals...*
Amane: That's it!
Narration: *For some reason, Amane jabs out her finger in my direction and powerfully declares... something or other.*
Yuuji: I'd appreciate it if you could explain what "it" is a little more comprehensibly than that.
Amane: That word "everyone" you just used! That's the problem here. Think about it, Yuuji.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I have no idea what this woman is talking about. Does leading a normal student life require the ability to find enjoyment in this sort of vague, meaningless riddle? In that case, I've still got a ways to go.*
Amane: C'mon. You say "everyone," but aren't we missing a certain someone...?
Yuuji: ...Oh. So we're talking about Sakaki.
Narration: *We're finally on the same page.*
Narration: *I used the word "everyone" when only five of us are here. Amane is suggesting my unconscious exclusion of Sakaki Yumiko from the group suggests a problem in our social dynamic.*
Amane: Right. We get to a recess period and half the time she just vanishes. The rest of the time she's hiding behind a book, shutting everybody out. Is that really what Sakaki-san wants? You have to wonder sometimes.
Yuuji: She's keeping her distance out of her own free will, so presumably this is how she wants it to be. I don't think it's necessarily something we need to worry about.
Amane: It's been that way up until now, but that might just be a vicious circle she can't break out of, you know? If we approach her a little more proactively, there's a possibility things might change.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I hadn't thought of it that way, but she might be on to something.*
Narration: *Sakaki's a human being, after all. Much as her box-cutter- brandishing mischief may stand out, letting those moments of hostility prejudice all of our interactions with her means giving up on all hope of mutual understanding.*
Makina: That girl's gonna give in once we push her a bit. She's just dyin' for us to shove her into th' group so she can play the reluctant, long-sufferin' voice of reason! Prob'ly!
Yuuji: How did you reach that conclusion? Do you have any evidence whatsoever?
Makina: None! Just goin' off the template.
Yuuji: Okay, you can stop talking now.
Michiru: Hmmm, I guess you guys might be right, but honestly, I'm a bit too scared to try. Make one wrong move and she'll flash that icy smirk at you. It's bad for the heart...
Sachi: Yes, that's true... Michiru-sama in particular seems to receive that murderous smile quite frequently. Even as a bystander, maintaining my calm proves to be a challenge.
Michiru: Ugh... so it's not my imagination after all? She really is gunning for me...?
Amane: Anyway, let's try to forget our personal traumas for the moment. I had a pretty good idea just now. How does a little contest to see who can get friendliest with Sakaki-san sound?
Yuuji: ...A contest?
Michiru: How would that work?
Amane: Let's see... we'd give out points. Like, touching her hand would be one point, tug on her sleeve and you'd get three points.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Is it my imagination, or is this sounding increasingly fishy? Also, potentially dangerous?*
Makina: Yumi-chan's got that long, pretty hair too, ya know.
Amane: Okay, so touch her hair and it's one point, pull on it for three, and five for yanking a hair out. Sound good?
Sachi: How many points for cutting some off?
Amane: Oho, you're an aggressive one... All right, how 'bout ten points per centimeter you cut off?
Michiru: T-That's a pretty potent multiplier...
Makina: Uhyoo! Sounds like a challenge! Yumi-chan's head might end up a blasted wasteland before I'm through!
Yuuji: Okay, I'm starting to get slightly concerned. Can we slow down for a second here? Are you all seriously going to do this?
Narration: *My voice of restraint falls on deaf ears. The rest of the group is getting more fired up by the second.*
Sachi: What about snatching away a book Sakaki-san is reading...?
Amane: Alright, that's 100 points. But get this - if you manage to get the book on top of Sakaki-san's head, it's 10,000 points! 50,000 for the ultimate reversal of fortune: make the book read her!
Sachi: Amazing... The tantalizing possibility of an instant come-from-behind victory adds a whole new level of excitement!
Yuuji: A book reading Sakaki? What does that even mean? Please explain in detail.
Narration: *Was it a surreal gag? Did Amane trip over her tongue in her increasingly frantic excitement? At this rate, I'll likely never know the truth.*
Narration: *The bizarre conversation rolls forward, momentum building by the second. You'd think everyone involved was hitting the peak of a chemical-induced high.*
Narration: *It might just be my imagination, but sometimes I think I may have found my way into a fairly deranged excuse for a learning environment...*
Amane: Okay, the match will be held during the next recess period. The person who gets friendliest with Sakaki-san is the champion.
Makina: Awwwwright!
Sachi: A worthwhile challenge indeed...!
Michiru: I'll show you what I can do!
Yuuji: Do you people actually hate Sakaki or what...?
Narration: *The enthusiastic group of conspirators doesn't dignify my perfectly reasonable question with a response.*
Narration: *Tragically (for Sakaki), the next recess period arrives all too quickly.*
Amane: Okay, Yuuji. Don't go tattling to Sakaki-san, got it?
Yuuji: ...Fine.
Makina: You're th' official scorer, Onii-chan, so ya gotta stay impartial too! Don't start rootin' for anybody, okay?
Yuuji: Fine, fine. Let's get this over with.
Narration: *To be honest, I seriously doubt this is going to get us any closer with Sakaki, but giving the game away would probably make things just as awkward in its own way.*
Narration: *And so, I've adopted the typically Japanese policy of watching passively over the situation from a safe distance.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko: the unexplored territory; the final frontier. Seated at her desk, face buried in a thick book, her body language projects a desire to be left alone.*
Amane: Uhm... Sakaki-san, do you have a second?
Yumiko: ...Yes.
Narration: *The Suou Amane expedition takes the first daring step into the wilderness.*
Narration: *Her approach appears impressively natural. Woman's something of a skilled actress, apparently.*
Narration: *Of course, she could probably be putting that talent to better use than this, but...*
Yumiko: ...What is it?
Amane: Well, you see, we had a little chat while you weren't around.
Yumiko: ...Some variety of malicious gossip, was it?
Amane: No no no, not at all!
Narration: *Sakaki coolly throws out a perceptive question without bothering to look up from her book, prompting a flustered denial from Amane.*
Sachi: We were reflecting on our past behavior toward you, Sakaki-san. We felt we might have been interacting with you without adequate consideration for your feelings.
Michiru: Y-Yeah, right, what she said!
Yumiko: ...What do you mean?
Amane: Well, it feels like we tend to meddle a little too much and end up bothering you sometimes. If you'd like, we can try to be a little more restrained, maybe?
Yumiko: ...I see. Could you be more specific?
Makina: Hey-yo Yumi-chan, whatcha readin'?
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *Makina tries to snatch away the book with a surprise attack, but is forcefully rebuffed by Sakaki, who's clearly in a state of heightened wariness.*
Makina: Tch...
Narration: *Makina clicks her tongue in irrepressible frustration.*
Narration: *She'd been gambling on taking the big points with that opportunity, but sadly, her moment has passed with nothing more than a one-point "hand touch."*
Yumiko: It would seem a certain someone isn't quite on board with your proposal.
Michiru: Geez, Makina... What the heck are you thinking!?
Sachi: I'm sorry for Maki-chan's behavior, Sakaki-san. Did she twist your hand?
Yumiko: Let's suppose that she did. Is there some reason why you need to start touching it as well?
Sachi: Yes. It's better to be safe than sorry. Please let me take a careful look... The palm of your hand and your fingers don't seem to be injured. Let's see about the wrist...
Amane: ...Sacchan's really something. She converted someone else's failure into an immediate profit...
Makina: I gotta keep an eye on that one...
Narration: *Amane and Makina quietly mutter to each other, careful to keep out of Sakaki's earshot.*
Narration: *The palm of Sakaki's hand and her fingers are pretty much a package deal, so I'll award one point for the pair. With the addition of the wrist, Sachi's jumped into an early lead with two points.*
Amane: Geez, Sacchan. Were we not just talking about this? Y'gotta give Sakaki-san her space or she's gonna start thinking you're a weirdo, you know?
Yumiko: Can I ask why you feel the need to pound on my back as you speak...?
Amane: Oopsie, ah'm sorry! Your big sis didn't mean nothin' by it. You know, out 'n the country all the old ladies go around thumpin' people like this at the drop of a hat!
Yumiko: That's fascinating, but I'd really appreciate it if you stopped hitting me at some point.
Narration: *Thumping = five points. And she just executed a five-hit combo.*
Narration: *Making excellent use of her folksy Kansai girl act, Amane seizes 25 points in the blink of an eye.*
Narration: *The "old lady" reference also seems like a clever play, taking advantage of the difference in their ages... but expressing my admiration on this point would likely lead to new conflict. I exercise discretion and keep my trap shut.*
Makina: Ama-nee, it's really rude to just start hittin' Yumi-chan outta nowhere like that. Here, lemme demonstrate. Like this. Very rude. Am I right, Yumi-chan?
Yumiko: ...You're being about ten times ruder at the moment!
Narration: *Just when I thought the balance of power had shifted to Amane, Makina uses her established thoughtlessness as cover to launch a new series of attacks, quickly acquiring 40 points.*
Narration: *Keeping up with the scoring is beginning to prove challenging in its own right.*
Michiru: Huh? Yumiko, do you have a loose button on your uniform there?
Yumiko: !!
Michiru: Ah... no, it's nothing... My mistake, Sakaki-san.
Narration: *Sakaki anticipates Michiru's approach and brings it to a premature halt with her powerful glare. The pseudo-tsundere wilts like a potted plant under the desert sun.*
Sachi: Ah, there certainly was a loose button. Here you are.
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Narration: *Seizing the moment once again, Sachi deftly plucks a button from Sakaki's uniform, then holds it out for inspection on the palm of her hand.*
Yumiko: Oh... Thank you...
Sachi: Not at all, it's only natural...
Narration: *Sakaki's clearly dubious. In comparison, Sachi's beaming from ear to ear. She's got guts to launch a bold attack like that under such risky circumstances.*
Narration: *In deference to our dauntless soul of a maid, I mentally award 50 points, bringing Sachi's total to 52. She's regained the lead in a flash.*
Sachi: If you'd like, I can sew the button back on immediately.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Fine, do as you like.
Sachi: Certainly. Please leave it to me.
Yumiko: Hey, don't yank on my clothes like that.
Sachi: I'm very sorry, but I need you a little closer to get the correct angle for my needle, if you don't mind.
Narration: *Sachi launches a follow-up attack. Pulling on Sakaki's school uniform earns her three points, bringing her total to 55.*
Yumiko: Uh, and why exactly are you pulling me in the opposite direction...!?
Makina: Well, ya got stretched out in that direction, so I thought I'd restore th' balance. Hope I didn't bother ya or anything.
Yumiko: Quite honestly, you did!
Makina: Alrighty, then I'll putcha back as you were.
Yumiko: Pulling me a third time isn't going to accomplish anything...!
Narration: *Makina adds two tugs for a total addition of six points. With a score of 46, she's hot on Sachi's heels.*
Yumiko: ...Look, what exactly are you people playing at here!?
Narration: *Sakaki's not completely oblivious. By this point, she's clearly realized that she's become the group's plaything. Her voice has a dangerous edge to it.*
Amane: C'mon, don't say that. If you're grumpy all the time, this beautiful hair of yours will start going white.
Yumiko: Of course it won't. Don't attempt to distract me. And will you please stop touching me!?
Amane: But you had a split end, see?
Yumiko: Spare me the nonsense.
Amane: No, it's true. Take a look.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Amane seems to have discovered a genuine split end. Sakaki falters for a moment, obviously thrown off her balance.*
Narration: *Devious as Amane may be at times, I don't think this was planned out beforehand.*
Yumiko: ...I don't particularly care. It's hardly important.
Amane: That's no good. You've got to pay a little attention to your grooming, or you'll end up becoming an unpresentable mess of a woman. C'mon now.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki attempted to bury the split end in her thick hair, but Amane smoothly intercedes and takes up position behind her.*
Narration: *Compared to the clearly unnatural interactions earlier, this is a convincingly normal development. From a neutral perspective, it would appear an action of pure goodwill and friendliness on Amane's part.*
Narration: *Accordingly, Sakaki proves unable to offer any firm resistance.*
Yuuji: One, two, three touches of the hair...
Narration: *Of course, unbeknownst to her, Amane's racking up points by the second.*
Sachi: Impressive...!
Makina: Damn. Ama-nee's seized herself one helluva cushy position.
Narration: *Having won Sakaki's trust for the moment, Amane no longer has any need to employ risky, aggressive tactics.*
Narration: *As she slowly and steadily racks up the points, Makina and Sachi's faces grow increasingly tense with desperation.*
Amane: Hmhmm.♪
Yumiko: ...What are you so pleased about?
Amane: Ahh, it's nothing! Just thinking... your hair really is pretty. Ah, what about that split end? Mind if I pull it out?
Michiru: Ah, I just happen to have a pair of shears for split ends! Allow me...!
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: Uugh, I got it... here, I'll let Amane do it, so please don't glare at me like that...
Amane: Thanks, Michiru.
Michiru: Why am I the only one to suffer...?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Michiru... It's painful just to watch you.*
Narration: *The girl's thoughts are written too plainly on her face, especially when she's up to no good. Sakaki's going to shoot her down every time. Perhaps this will inspire her to take a good, long look at herself...*
Amane: ～♪
Narration: *On the other extreme, Amane is already coasting into a leisurely victory lap.*
Narration: *Combing through Sakaki's long hair, she snips out split ends with the scissors she borrowed from Michiru. As she's racking up another 10 points with every centimeter she harvests, she's already well into triple digits.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Although Sakaki's keeping her expression blank, her reaction to Amane's fiddling with her hair appears to be something like relaxed boredom. Putting aside the points and this silly contest, it seems like they really might be getting friendlier.*
Makina: Yumi-chan, I challenge ya to a duel! A duel, ya hear!? Let's go punch the crap out of each other until a beautiful friendship blooms!
Yumiko: No thank you.
Sachi: Sakaki-san, that's quite an interesting book you've got there. Might I take a look for a moment?
Yumiko: No. You've got an evil gleam in your eye.
Narration: *Makina and Sachi try their best to claw back into the fight, but Sakaki's on high alert. Their hands are tied.*
Narration: *At this point, it's no exaggeration to say the match is all but decided.*
Amane: Okay, we're all done. Thanks for the scissors, Michiru.
Narration: *Very soon, the chime heralding the end of the recess period will sound.*
Narration: *At that moment, this battle will be concluded as well.*
Narration: *Sitting comfortably on a commanding lead, Amane refrains from touching Sakaki's hair longer than necessary, bringing the grooming session to a natural end.*
Michiru: Uuugh...
Narration: *Long since out of the running, Michiru seems destined to end the match with an inept 0 points.*
Michiru: Ah...
Narration: *As Amane hands over the scissors, they slip through the dejected Michiru's hands and clatter against the floor. As a side note: don't get the idea that Michiru's only careless when depressed. This sort of thing happens all the time.*
Amane: Ah, sorry about that.
Michiru: It's fine. Uhm... Ah, there they are.
Narration: *Dropping down under the desks, Michiru crawls forward a bit in the direction of the group. Picking up her scissors, she immediately begins to stand up―*
Yumiko: Hey, hold on, stop! You're going to...
Michiru: Huh?
Narration: *As Michiru's head lunges toward her like the world's clumsiest uppercut, Sakaki instinctively reaches out with her hands to defend herself.*
Narration: *Of course, in those hands, she's still holding the book she's been protecting all this time...*
Yuuji: Ah...
Amane: Ah...
Sachi: Ah...
Makina: Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!
Yumiko: ............
Narration: *In the next instant, Sakaki's frozen in place. Her book, knocked violently out of her hands, now rests on top of her head.*
Narration: *Apparently unable to process the situation, Sakaki stands perfectly still.*
Yumiko: ...Uhm...
Narration: *Sakaki's face is blank with dazed confusion. The hardcover book lies open across the crown of her head like some bizarre helmet.*
Narration: *It's a truly surreal moment. I find myself staring blankly, utterly lost for words.*
Narration: *Makina has already burst into an explosion of tactless laughter, and Amane's trying and failing to contain her own amusement. Sachi, on the other hand, gazes with some bitterness at this truly astonishing bottom-of-the-ninth comeback.*
Michiru: ...Huh?
Narration: *And in that moment, the bell echoes through the classroom, ending the contest.*
Narration: *......*
Amane: And now, it's time to announce the results!!!
Narration: *At the next recess period, we've gathered in the hallway in an attempt to avoid Sakaki's notice.*
Amane: Alright, then! Who's the winner? Don't keep us in suspense, Yuuji.
Yuuji: I think you're all well aware already. With a final score of 10,000 points, earned by planting Sakaki's book on top of her head, Michiru is our champion.
Michiru: Tough luck, everybody!
Makina: Blah. This is pretty friggin' hard to swallow, ya know?
Sachi: I quite agree.
Michiru: What's this I hear? The whining cries of the also-rans? How very sad... but face the facts. Whatever the means, results are all that count in the end. Luck is a skill in its own right!
Narration: *Michiru may have been completely nonplussed by her victory at first, but upon grasping the situation, she instantly puffed herself up like a peacock. I think it's fairly clear the girl has a lot of backed-up resentment.*
Makina: Chiruchiru ain't the Chiruchiru we know an' love if she actually wins at something!
Sachi: Yes, this is very out of character. Michiru-sama, please make sure to lose in a particularly horrible way next time, in order to restore the proper balance.
Michiru: Is this abuse really necessary!?!
Amane: C'mon y'all, settle down now.
Narration: *Amane offers the group vague, soothing words in full Kansai dialect.*
Amane: By the way, Michiru. That was just a coincidence there at the end, right? I assume you didn't do it on purpose or anything.
Michiru: Huh? Ah, no! It was all part of my cunning plan, of course!
Narration: *Michiru's voice rings with bold confidence. Judging from her stilted phrasing it's most likely a complete lie, but the words nonetheless sound fairly convincing as they echo hollowly down the hallway.*
Narration: *At that moment, everyone else freezes in pure shock. With a quick survey of our surroundings, I soon learn why.*
Narration: *I don't miss Amane mouthing the word "idiot..." with a slightly smug look on her face, either. Her reaction to defeat is to plot revenge, it would seem. Quite a woman.*
Michiru: But anyway... I wonder if this really did get us a little friendlier with Yumiko?
Yuuji: No. I think not. Sorry.
Michiru: Huh? Why!?
Amane: Well, Michiru, I believe Yuuji's referring to the fact that you're about to be destroyed.
Michiru: What the heck is that supposed to mean...?
Yumiko: Hmmm... So that was intentional, was it?
Narration: *With a familiar, ominous sound, the shadowy figure that's snuck up behind Michiru mutters a few ice-cold words.*
Narration: *The smile on Michiru's face instantly hardens into a rigid grimace. Copious streams of sweat begin to run down her forehead and along her cheeks.*
Michiru: W-Why didn't you say something...!?
Narration: *At last aware of her plight, Michiru squeezes out a few whimpering words of reproach.*
Yuuji: I'm ashamed to admit it, but I just noticed a moment ago myself.
Amane: I mighta given 'em a little bit of a threatening glare so they'd keep their mouths shut... Sowwy.♪
Michiru: Cut the baby-talk! Amane, you asked that question knowing full well she was there!
Amane: Teehee!♪
Michiru: Take your teehee and shove itttttt!
Sachi: But this is quite a load off my mind. In the end, Michiru-sama has regained her rightful place in the order of things. What a relief, don't you agree?
Michiru: I disagree! Stop being relieved!
Makina: Case closed, ya know! Right? That's that, Yumi-chan!
Yumiko: I assumed this would be obvious, but allow me to make myself clear: I have absolutely no intention of letting the rest of you off any easier than her.
Amane: C-C'mon now. Don't you feel like we got a little closer, in a sense?
Yuuji: You're such an optimist, Amane...
Michiru: Uhm... What should I do here...?
Yuuji: Well, probably the same thing as the rest of us... Retreat, double time!!!
Michiru: Ah, hey, wait!!!
Yumiko: That's my line!
Narration: *This day would go down as the first time in the Academy's history that all of its students were simultaneously absent from a class. But it's said that no one involved dared speak the reason why...*

Date: *July 1, 2011, 05:00 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Narration: *Our daily habits become part of who we are. That goes for everything from the natural routines, like washing your face or brushing your teeth, to the obsessive rituals, like always moving your left leg first when you walk.*
Narration: *I know I don't run every single day for some conscious reason. The habit's just ingrained into my personality by this point.*
Narration: *Doesn't matter how tired I am; doesn't matter if it's pouring rain; doesn't matter if the wind's blowing me all over the road. Even when I get a little sick, I'm out there running like it's a cure for the common cold.*
Narration: *Sixteen kilometers every morning like clockwork. In one month, that's 496; in a year, 5840.*
Narration: *When you work it out, I'm running the distance to Singapore annually, with change to spare. A pretty respectable distance, if I do say so myself.*
Narration: *Not that I'm particularly aiming to go see the Merlion or try out the famous chicken rice. My itinerary is strictly local.*
Narration: *Every day, I make my way around the outer walls of the school, past the shuttered stores of the shopping district, and by a few poorly maintained Shinto shrines. Every day, I take in the same coastal scenery.*
Narration: *It might sound repetitive, but I don't feel any need to change my standard course. Running a familiar road at a familiar pace makes for better training. That said, my route isn't completely set in stone.*
Narration: *For example... if I happen to notice an acquaintance nearby, I'll sometimes head in their direction. Not that I chase people around town, of course. I just catch up and offer a brief greeting.*
Narration: *It just seems like the polite thing to do. Especially when they're a "school friend" of mine.*
Narration: *This morning, as I'm following my standard marathon route around the Academy's campus, I catch sight of Matsushima Michiru.*
Narration: *I'd planned to do three quick laps around the school before heading toward the station, but Michiru's appearance gives me pause. Even from a distance, her body language is clearly unusual.*
Narration: *From the way she's trudging along the road with her shoulders slumped, you'd think the force of gravity's operating at double strength in her immediate vicinity.*
Narration: *Something seems distinctly off with the girl. Then again, it's still very early in the morning, and I don't want to disturb her privacy. Probably better not to call out to her.*
Narration: *As I make my way through the shopping district, I try to think of reasons why Michiru would leave the school at such an early hour. She's a little young to be heading to a public park for radio calisthenics. So what's her objective?*
Narration: *When I happen to spot the girl for the second time in this one training session, my curiosity proves harder to suppress.*
Narration: *This time, I'm running along the coast when I notice her blond hair dead ahead. She's walking slowly up the same road, her head slightly bowed. At this rate, I'll catch her up very soon; when I overtake her, I can just say a quick hello.*
Narration: *But Michiru abruptly turns off my route. Before I have the chance to say anything, she's vanished down a side path.*
Narration: *Having completed my standard sixteen kilometers, I return to the dorm as usual. Usually, I'd take a quick shower next.*
Narration: *But the uncharacteristic melancholy I could see in Michiru even from a distance seems to have left an oddly strong impression on me. It's weighing on my mind.*
Yuuji: We're classmates, after all. Can't hurt to stick my neck in every once in a while.
Narration: *Mumbling something of an excuse to myself, I wipe the sweat from my neck with a towel, then head back outside the school grounds.*
Narration: *I don't understand people who dream about living in a house by the sea. The ocean breeze makes everything rust; the moisture makes it hard to dry your laundry. If a "seaside town" sounds romantic, you've probably never lived in one.*
Narration: *Sure, you can come to love your home wherever it may be. But let me assure you, there's nothing idyllic about drunken teenagers partying on the beach for months at a time. Especially given their tendency to launch fireworks at midnight.*
Yuuji: All right then, I'm pretty sure she was headed this way.
Narration: *I find Michiru seated on a high ridge overlooking the sea, aimlessly gazing into the distance. I approach slowly, but she appears oblivious to my presence.*
Narration: *I'm consciously taking loud, conspicuous steps, to no apparent effect. The girl's carelessness exceeds my expectations.*
Narration: *She's crumpled into herself like a load of laundry long forgotten in the hamper. More than anything else, she looks worn out. Exhausted, even. Almost like a completely different person.*
Michiru: ...*Sigh*
Narration: *I can hear the sound of waves in the distance. The sunlight is gentle this morning, the weather fair and pleasant. The location isn't bad, either. But if this is an early morning picnic, she's forgotten to bring food.*
Yuuji: Michiru.
Narration: *The fastest way to figure out what she's doing here is probably just to ask her. But she doesn't respond to my voice.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Waiting to get picked up by the garbage truck? In that case, you've got to correctly label yourself as oversized waste. They can't pick up bottle-blonds if you just dump one on the curb, you know?
Narration: *Normally, a remark like this would be met by an indignant, cryptic shriek of "mukiii" as soon as it left my mouth, but today I get nothing. Just what is going on with this girl?*
Narration: *I rapidly review and analyze Michiru's recent behavior.*
Yuuji: Okay, just what do we have here...?
Narration: *It doesn't take long for me to reach an extremely plausible hypothesis. All the pieces fall into place.*
Yuuji: I see, so that's what's going on. Why didn't I realize sooner? Careless. Very careless. Damn!
Narration: *I've finally gotten a grasp on the situation... Specifically, the nature of Matsushima Michiru's bodily distress.*
Yuuji: Michiru, has your dysentery taken a turn for the worse!? You should have told me! Why suffer in silence? Okay, first order of business. I need a look at your stool to confirm the progression of the disease. Hurry up! Out with it!
Michiru: Huh!? Wha, hey, what!?
Narration: *When I grab Michiru's shoulders with both hands and begin shaking her vigorously, there's finally a response. I was half-convinced she'd fainted sitting up, but things don't seem to be quite that serious.*
Michiru: Huh? Why're you here, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Good question. Why am I here? What do you think?
Michiru: I-I have no idea. That's why I asked you...
Narration: *Michiru may have recognized my presence, but her normal bristly attitude is notable by its absence. It's not just that her armor has fallen off; it feels as though she isn't aware of her own state of vulnerability.*
Yuuji: Why am I here? That would be because I came here; therefore, here I am. Do you understand?
Michiru: Well, I know that, but... mmm, that's not what I meant...
Yuuji: Either way, that's of little importance at the moment. Produce a stool sample at once.
Michiru: Huh!? Wh-What are you talking about!?
Yuuji: Cut the back-talk, maggot. You're the one who ate contaminated food! Here I am, kindly offering to examine your stool as a favor to my classmate, and this is your attitude? Evacuate your bowels at once!
Michiru: Okay, look... How many times do I have to say this before you get the message? I didn't eat any contaminated stuff. I don't scavenge for food, okay?
Yuuji: Hmm? What's that supposed to mean? Are you implying my mental picture of you is fundamentally flawed?
Michiru: I think I might regret asking, but what sort of a "mental picture" do you have of me, Yuuji?
Yuuji: I picture you in the mountains, discovering colorful toadstools. You try to shriek "Omigawd, what's this? It's like, sooo cute!" But before the "sooo" is out of your mouth, it's stuffed full of mushrooms. You're dead seconds later.
Michiru: C-Come on, there's no way I'd do something like that. What, do I really have that sort of image?
Yuuji: Let me ask you instead. What kind of image do you think your acquaintances have of you?
Michiru: Well, uhm... Tsundere Michiru-tan, always cheerfully running around chasing the bluebird of happiness...
Michiru: Just don't get the wrong idea! I-It's not like I really want to find a bluebird or anything!  ...You know, something like that.
Yuuji: If you don't want to find one, why are you running around chasing it in the first place?
Michiru: It's just a figure of speech! That's just one small part of the true Michiru, anyway. Understand? You don't have to pick at everything I say, you know.
Yuuji: Hrm. Sadly, I find your explanation incoherent. And that image of you lying dead in the forest with mushrooms spilling out of your mouth doesn't seem to be going anywhere... My apologies.
Michiru: S-Shut up already. Anyway, I'm the same happy, energetic person as always...
Narration: *Certainly, my impression of Michiru up to today has been pretty similar to her description: a constantly cheerful idiot-girl. But today she's got none of the usual vigor, and her tsundere act has all but disappeared.*
Narration: *When women act differently from normal, the most likely cause is "that time of the month."*
Narration: *But we're dealing with a girl going through a difficult age. One must put these questions delicately, or it'll be awkward to answer. I lower my voice and beckon Michiru closer with my hand.*
Yuuji: Michiru.
Michiru: Huh? What is it this time?
Narration: *Michiru draws her face near. I put the matter to her in the most gentlemanly way I know how.*
Yuuji: Are you menstruating?
Michiru: T-That's not it! Why would you whisper something like that into my ear? What is wrong with you?
Yuuji: I thought it would be better than shouting, but it seems our opinions differ.
Michiru: Forget shouting or whispering, normally you just don't say that sort of thing to a girl at all, right!?
Yuuji: But if I don't ask I'll never understand. Alright then, is it iron deficiency? That won't just give you anemia, you know. Makes it easier to catch colds as well.
Yuuji: There's no reason to stuff yourself with vitamin C like an idiot if you forget to eat anything else. You need balance, alright? Balance.
Michiru: Will you stop jumping to conclusions? That's not it either. Geez. I'm not sick or anything, okay?
Yuuji: So it's not anemia, not menstruation, and not a nutritional deficiency. I'm out of ideas. What's actually going on here?
Michiru: Well... uhm...
Yuuji: It's fine. Even if it feels hard to talk about, you can just throw it at me straight. I've been in the field a long time, and I've seen a lot of things. You're probably not going to shock me.
Michiru: Mmm. Well, okay, you see...
Yuuji: Hrm, hrm. Yes? What is it?
Michiru: I was... looking at the sea.
Yuuji: Ah, looking at... Hmm? Say what?
Michiru: I was looking at the sea, all right?
Yuuji: ...The sea?
Narration: *Michiru gives a quick, embarrassed nod, her eyes downcast.*
Narration: *"Looking at the sea"... I ruminate carefully on these words. Just what hidden meaning lurks inside this brief, cryptic cipher of a sentence?*
Narration: *I know of a certain Japanese organization that refers to its maneuvering grounds as "the mountains." All right, so what would "the sea" indicate...? Nothing comes to mind.*
Yuuji: Sorry, Michiru. When you say "the sea," what exactly are you referring to?
Michiru: Huh? The sea is just the sea, right?
Yuuji: The sea is the sea... which would make "looking" the keyword, eh? I'd assumed you were indicating some sort of special surveillance mission. Was I missing some crucial context?
Michiru: What? Uh, look, I was just looking at the ocean, plain and simple. No "mission" was involved.
Yuuji: ...What... was that? You were literally... just looking at the ocean?
Michiru: Y-Yeah.
Yuuji: Explain yourself. I'm baffled. You were staring at a giant salt-water puddle for no reason whatsoever?
Michiru: Y-Yes, I was. Is there a problem with that?
Yuuji: Of course there is! The first and biggest problem is that you don't see anything wrong with it. Listen carefully: Time is not an infinite resource! You only get so much.
Yuuji: Our lives are brief. How to make use of the precious time we're given is an absolutely essential problem!
Yuuji: It's one thing if you're never given the opportunity to make your own choices. Some people spend their lives following orders from others. If that's the only path open to you, then you just have to deal with it as best you can.
Yuuji: But you, my friend, have the good fortune to be a free human being. And you're choosing to use your time staring at the sea for no reason at all? I find that extremely hard to understand!
Yuuji: As your classmate, I officially request that you produce an acceptable reason for looking at the ocean! Understood!?
Michiru: ...Uhm, you're kind of thinking too hard about this. I was just looking at the ocean and thinking about how pretty it is, or whatever. What's wrong with that? Do I really need some special reason?
Yuuji: H-Hmm. Can I conceive of this as a rest and relaxation period, then? I don't think I can accept it unless there's some sort of concrete meaning to your actions.
Michiru: All right, fine, let's go with that. I was looking at the sea to relax.
Yuuji: I see. Hrm. Have to say, you didn't really seem to be enjoying it much.
Michiru: Mm... That's not true.
Narration: *Michiru squints her eyes against the sea breeze. Her expression belies her words; this explanation seems dubious at best. But then again, I suppose it was foolish of me to expect any coherent logical basis for this woman's behavior.*
Michiru: Mm, the wind feels nice...
Narration: *We stand below the vivid, clear summer sky, utterly wasting our time. If things are going to continue along these lines, it'd be more productive to return to the dorm now and just read for a while.*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend. Have you considered the possibility that this abnormal desire to view the ocean is the product of some sort of bacterial infection in your brain?
Michiru: No, I haven't! And I'm not going to!
Yuuji: Then perhaps there's a Kappa in your family tree...? No, wait, they live in rivers. Damn... Hm? What's this? Let me see your head for a second.
Michiru: Huh? What? What now?
Yuuji: Shut your mouth and present me your cranium. Don't give me any trouble.
Michiru: Huhhh? But, uhm, uh... what? Is there... Don't tell me there's a Kappa-plate on my head?
Narration: *I pull Michiru's head toward me and quickly pluck out a single hair. Among her mass of thoroughly bleached blond locks, there was a single pure black strand.*
Michiru: Ow! Did it break? Did you break my plate?
Yuuji: What, did the Kappa ancestor ring any bells? Not to worry, though, nothing's broken. I just pulled out a black hair for you. Kind of stands out when it's surrounded by a sea of blond.
Narration: *No matter how much effort you put in, you're probably going to miss a few hairs like this unless you have someone else take a look for you.*
Michiru: Huh? Oh, I see. T-Thanks.
Yuuji: Hrm. You've got some cucumber bits around your mouth, by the way.
Michiru: Ugggh, cut it out with the Kappa gags already. Just look at the sea for a while, Yuuji.
Yuuji: I'll pass. Why bother looking at it? It's the same as it was yesterday. I think the ocean will get along just fine even if I don't sit around staring at it.
Michiru: Oh, will you just look already? C'mon.
Narration: *I give in to her pestering and stare out at the ocean. As expected, there have been no dramatic developments since the last time I saw it.*
Michiru: I mean... the ocean is just so huge, you know?
Narration: *The sea may be the same as always, but Michiru is clearly different today. The tone of her voice is strange.*
Yuuji: True enough. 70% of the earth is covered in oceans. Huge is a relative concept, but I think this would qualify by the more typical standards of comparison.
Michiru: Heheh. I thought you'd say something like that. So silly.
Narration: *Michiru laughs, inexplicably amused by my simple statement of fact. But in the next moment, that unusually serious expression is back on her face.*
Michiru: You know, I've been thinking.
Michiru: Compared to this ocean, people are really just tiny, insignificant specks, aren't they?
Michiru: When I look at this huuuuuge ocean, my worries just seem sooooooo tiny. I feel like... like it's all just a joke.
Narration: *Michiru brazenly fires off a set of lines you can normally only hear the likes of in the corniest of decades-old, made-for-TV teenage dramafests. If she's not intentionally quoting something, this is about as hackneyed and cliched as it gets.*
Michiru: Heheheh. That was pretty deep just now, wasn't it?
Narration: *What's more, she's not remotely sheepish about her trite words. Fascinating... maybe I'll take a look inside her head and see how the machinery works. She's clearly got a few screws loose already, should pop open easily enough.*
Yuuji: Hrm, yeah. Maybe it was.
Narration: *But in the end, I decide to affirm her statement. It's a fact that humans are only one part of the greater whole of nature. It might be cliched to reflect on the transitory nature of our existence, but that doesn't make it any less valid a thought.*
Michiru: Right? I know, right? Heeheehee, I said something deep. Ahem. My worries―
Yuuji: That doesn't mean you need to repeat it. Once was plenty.
Michiru: Umrgh... Geez, get off my back. Let me repeat it if I want to! My worries are tiny and insignificant! Heh. Eheheheh!
Narration: *Michiru's clearly gotten carried away. It might have been a mistake to give her ego a boost like that. In the end, she's nothing more than an idiot; can't have her getting too satisfied with herself.*
Narration: *Too exasperated even to sigh, I send Michiru an expressive glare. Not that I'm confident she'll be able to see the cold pity in my eyes.*
Michiru: Eheheh, eheheh. Hm? H-Hey, what are you looking at? What is it now?
Yuuji: Nothing. Nothing at all.
Michiru: If it's nothing at all, why are you staring at... Ah! Aaaaaaaah!
Narration: *Hoh. It looks like the girl's had a sudden flash of insight. Perhaps she's finally become aware of her own foolishness?*
Michiru: Don't misunderstand! I didn't mean it that way, okay!? My "tiny worries" don't have anything to do with that! Stupid!
Narration: *As Michiru babbles on, she moves her arms to hide her "tiny" chest from view.*
Yuuji: Look, maggot, I have no interest in your pitiful excuse for a rack.
Michiru: What the heck!? You were just staring at it! With this dirty look in your eyes! And I... I don't have tiny breasts, okay!? I've got a nice body! So there!
Yuuji: A "nice body" is a term we might use to describe, say, Amane. By any reasonable standard, your breasts are tragically underdeveloped. My condolences.
Michiru: Hey, hey! Shut uppp! My breasts aren't tragic! They aren't tragic at all! I mean, Makina's way worse, right!?
Yuuji: That girl's in a whole different category. Are you really happy about winning against an outlier like Makina?
Michiru: N-Not happy in the...  Okay, maybe a little happy.
Narration: *The corners of Michiru's mouth rise ever so slightly. Probably recalling Makina's washboard of a chest and mentally comparing it to her own.*
Yuuji: What a petty human being... Have you no pride, woman? You might as well gloat about handling your chopsticks better than some tourist from France.
Michiru: Shaddup already! I have big breasts! Big, I tell you! Admit it! I demand that you say they're big!!
Yuuji: "They're Big."
Michiru: Too vague! I demand that you say "Michiru-sama's breasts are very large!"
Yuuji: "Michiru-sama's Breasts Are Very Large Indeed."
Michiru: Kiiiiiii! Somehow I'm even more pissed off!!
Yuuji: Apparently my complete lack of sincerity got across to you. But anyway... sounds like you've cheered up a little.
Michiru: I've been cheerful all along! I'm the same person I always am, got it!?
Cat: Meowww.
Michiru: Ah!
Narration: *The black cat from the other day appears from somewhere or other. Purring loudly, it sidles up to Michiru and aggressively rubs up against her leg.*
Yuuji: I see. So you came here in search of a black cat, rather than a blue bird.
Michiru: I-It's not like I came here because of the cat, okay!? It's total random chance. Uh, I mean, it's not like I've ever seen this cat before. Hmm, to think there'd be a cat in a place like this! Crazy coincidence! What are the odds?
Yuuji: Hrm. What was this cat's name, again? Something like...
Michiru: Who says it has a name? Not that I care. No idea, myself.
Yuuji: That's right. It's "Rommel."
Michiru: It's Kittymeow! Don't give him some weird name, you jerk!!
Michiru: ...Ah.
Yuuji: Just as I thought. It's the same animal that was at the school before, isn't it? Didn't know it was your pet.
Michiru: You've got the wrong idea! I don't know this cat! So there!
Yuuji: What, Rommel isn't an acquaintance of yours?
Michiru: Argh! How many times do I have to tell you, it's Kittyme... Ahem. Never seen it before in my life.
Yuuji: Hm? You dropped something. Allow me.
Michiru: No no no, it's fine, you don't have to pick that up!
Yuuji: A carton of milk, eh...? That's a bit unusual for you.
Michiru: Hmm? Didn't I ever mention that I'm a complete milk fanatic? Sure, I guess I've never drunk it around you guys, pretty much ever, but I love it! I'm constantly guzzling it down!
Michiru: Just happen to never have given the slightest indication of that in public for even a second!
Yuuji: I see, that's good to hear. If by any chance you'd been giving milk to the cat, I would have had to stop you.
Michiru: Huh? Wh-Why?
Yuuji: No worries. Since you're the one drinking it, there's no problem. Enjoy.
Michiru: Y-Yeah. This is for me. No problem. *Gulp* *Gulp*  But, uh, why? C'mon, tell me already! *Gulp* *Gulp*
Yuuji: Alright, let me break it down for you. Giving a cat milk can upset its stomach badly. If you're that desperate to give it some, you need to dilute the milk with water first.
Michiru: I-It's not like I'm desperate to give him milk or anything! ...Hmmm.
Narration: *As soon as the words are out of her mouth, Michiru's glancing restlessly around the area.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Looking for a source of water, by any chance?
Michiru: Th-That's not it. I wasn't looking for anything. It's nothing! Jerk!
Cat: Mmmrm meowww!
Michiru: Wha, whawa...
Narration: *The black cat wraps itself around Michiru's leg like a fuzzy boa constrictor, then starts to rub the corner of his jaw roughly against her ankle. Looks like it's trying to mark her with its scent.*
Yuuji: Seems like you've pretty much tamed the animal. One could almost get the mistaken impression that he's begging for the milk you always give him.
Michiru: You've got it all wrong! Very wrong! Kittyme... Th-This cat that I don't know from a hole in the wall, which is to say, hole-cat, isn't attached to me in the least!
Yuuji: You sure about that? Rommel seems awfully...
Michiru: It's Kittymeow! ...Ah. No, it's a hole in the wall. Yes, he's a hole. This cat is a hole!
Yuuji: No it isn't. It's clearly a cat.
Michiru: I know that, jerk! Arrrrgh!
Narration: *Apparently giving up on its request for milk, the feline in question sinks to the ground at Michiru's feet and rolls itself up into a ball. Within seconds, it closes its eyes and falls fast asleep.*
Yuuji: You must have been feeding this thing for quite a while, for it to trust you this much.
Michiru: ...Sh-Shut up, alright? It's not like I come here all the time to feed it or anything!
Michiru: T-This hole-cat just showed up completely out of the blue. In other words, he's wholly blue! Or as the Italians say, sacre bleu!
Yuuji: Could you please try to calm down a bit? You have a bad habit of firing off unintelligible gibberish when you get worked up.
Michiru: Grmmm. All right, I suppose I'll pet this hole in the wall until I feel calmer. *Pet* *Pet*
Narration: *Michiru reaches down and scratches the neck of the defenseless cat with the tip of her fingers. The animal moves its head in time with her strokes in evident pleasure, then begins to lick at the pink pads on its paws.*
Narration: *The cat seems so completely and blissfully relaxed that I half expect it to melt into a contented puddle. Just watching it, I can feel some of the stiffness in my shoulders begin to lighten.*
Narration: *It's not good to carelessly let your guard down, but keeping up a state of constant tension is an even worse idea. After a brief glance around the area, I decide to take a moment of rest.*
Yuuji: All right, think I'll join him down there for a while.
Michiru: Huh?
Narration: *I drop myself to the ground next to Michiru. Flustered, she grabs at her skirt and holds it close, preventing any potential visual access to the interior.*
Yuuji: Don't be an idiot. I don't have any ulterior motive. You worry about the stupidest things.
Michiru: E-Even if you don't have an ulterior motive, I don't want you seeing anything, okay?
Yuuji: Like what, a bit of cloth? Nothing worth worrying about.
Narration: *Michiru's apparently worried about disturbing the cat now slumbering at her feet, as she's avoiding any large movements.*
Narration: *Either way, I truly don't have any secret plans involving her underwear. I just wanted to sprawl out on the grass and think about nothing at all for a while.*
Michiru: Whatever. Just don't look over here too much, all right...?
Narration: *It's been a long time since I've laid myself down on the ground and gazed blankly up into the sky like this. Every once in a while I do spend some time gazing at the clouds, but I tend to be thinking things over while I do so.*
Narration: *But as Michiru says, just looking for no particular reason isn't bad in its own way.*
Narration: *The vault of blue above me hasn't changed; it looks just as it did when I was a child. I'd thought the clouds might seem a little closer by now, but naturally, they're the same as they've always been.*
Narration: *My perspective may be a meter or so higher when I stand, but that's completely insignificant on this scale.*
Narration: *I can stretch my hand up all I want, but it'll never reach the clouds. We're all but chained to the dirt beneath our feet.*
Yuuji: I see. Not a bad view.
Narration: *Michiru begins to speak, her tone somewhat troubled.*
Michiru: I'm kind of scared of the sky. Especially when it's dark. When I look up at the moon at night, it doesn't look like the moon anymore. It looks like a... gash.
Michiru: It's like the sky is a giant lid covering us, and the moon is an airhole someone punched in it. Like I'm trapped inside a box or something. It makes me feel like I'm suffocating, sometimes.
Yuuji: I've heard of people who get disturbed by the way the moon always seems to follow you around, but the world-as-a-giant-box angle is new to me.
Michiru: Can't help it, that's what it seems like to me. So I just don't look at the sky at night. It's kind of scary, and it makes me feel lonely... It makes me feel like I'm not myself anymore.
Yuuji: I think I understand. You don't look at the night sky in order to prevent yourself from transforming into a wolf, right? I imagine that would be troublesome.
Michiru: That would actually be easier to deal with. Simpler. A wolf, vampire, whatever. That way, somebody could just shoot me with a silver bullet. Aim right at my h...
Cat: Meowww.
Michiru: Ah, I'm sorry, Kittym... Ahem. Are you hungry, purr-haps? Or still sleepy?
Yuuji: Hmm, well, this weather really does make you want to take a siesta. That said, I haven't even eaten breakfast yet, so the timing is a bit off.
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji. I'm going to ask you something strange, okay? Just for the heck of it. Don't think I'm weird or anything.
Yuuji: No worries on that front. I've had you down as "exceptionally weird" for a long time now.
Michiru: Uhm... What happens to people when they die?
Yuuji: What...?
Michiru: Wait, don't get up. Just keep lying down. This is just a stupid little chat, okay?
Narration: *If possible I'd like to talk about this while observing her face, but if Michiru-sama desires otherwise, I can do naught but obey. I ease myself back onto the grass and listen to her voice.*
Michiru: For example, Dracula. He gets hit by the light of the sun, turns into ash, and blows away. The end. So, what about normal people? What happens to them when they die?
Yuuji: Are we talking about religious ideology here? You want to hear something about a final moral judgment?
Michiru: Nothing like that. I just want a normal answer. What happens when you die? Plain and simple.
Yuuji: Hrm, let's see. I haven't died yet so I can't speak with much authority, but probably nothing.
Michiru: What's... "nothing" like? Oblivion, or something?
Yuuji: If you're imagining floating naked in a pure white space, I think you're slightly off. The way I picture it, it's just like going to sleep and then never waking up again.
Michiru: Ah. You fall asleep and just stay that way forever?
Yuuji: Everyone around you will probably be running around worrying about the funeral, but what do you care? There are many different ways to get to that point, but ultimately I think everyone's just sleeping for eternity.
Michiru: I see. Is that all? Sounds pretty peaceful, really.
Yuuji: Depends on how you look at it. Anyway, Heaven and Hell and all that are basically just the remnants of moral education from an earlier era. Nobody really takes that stuff seriously anymore.
Yuuji: Don't see many people going around walking on water. Or making magical wine out of it.
Yuuji: Of course, it seems God does appear before the chosen few every once in a while. Most often to tell them they need to start up a political campaign.
Michiru: Hey, uh... Hmmm...
Narration: *Michiru begins to ask something, but stops before the words leave her mouth.*
Narration: *After a moment of silence, she starts to speak again. I can't tell whether it's the continuation of her dangling sentence or a completely new topic.*
Michiru: If I die, I want to be buried here.
Yuuji: Getting a bit ahead of yourself there. Or do you plan to die any time soon?
Michiru: No, no. Of course not, but, you know. It's just a what-if thing. I mean, this place has such a beautiful view, right? It feels like you can see across the whole world from up here. I'd be happy if I could sleep forever in a place like this.
Yuuji: To be honest, I'm a little displeased to hear a perfectly healthy person scouting out locations for their tomb.
Michiru: C'mon, don't be such a stick in the mud. All right, I'll bestow this important duty on you, Yuuji. Make my grave here!
Yuuji: You want me to dig a hole and bury you in it? Look, in the first place, a grave isn't something you can just make wherever you please. Do you understand that?
Michiru: It's fine! You can deal with the details later. Just do as I say!
Cat: Meow!
Narration: *The cat's eyes shoot open at the sound of Michiru's shout. Startled, it bounds away like a spring, vanishing in the blink of an eye. I slowly raise my upper body off the ground, brushing off the grass clinging to my clothes.*
Michiru: Geez, you've got no sense of romaine, you know that? No romaine in your heart!
Yuuji: Why are we talking about lettuce?
Michiru: Nobody said anything about vegetables! Argh, are you just messing with me again!? It's your fault that Kittymeow ran away.
Michiru: Nnnaargh, now I feel all hungry, too. Why did you have to mention lettuce? Forget this. I'm going to eat my breakfast! You there, I'll permit you to dine with me.
Narration: *Michiru's expression has returned to the norm. It's as though the conversation just now never happened.*
Yuuji: Well, if you're hungry, I guess I can split my beans with you.
Michiru: Beans? Whaaat? Your diet is totally miserable, as usual...
Yuuji: Says the girl who's always filling up on convenience store boxed lunches that're packed full of preservatives.
Michiru: Shaddup already! All right, we're gonna have a race back to school loser buys the drinks ready set GO!!
Narration: *Our little conversation about death took me by surprise, honestly. Not what you expect from a random chat with your classmate. But life is always shadowed by death; the only question is whether you're aware of its presence at your side.*
Narration: *Sometimes a man who looked perfectly healthy in the morning goes to sleep and never opens his eyes again. Death can come at any time, and once it does, it's too late to regret the things you've left undone.*
Narration: *Morbidity isn't productive, but sometimes we should remember that nothing lasts forever. Michiru's words might be significant, in their way.*
Michiru: C'moooon! Get a move onnnn!
Narration: *Michiru calls me from some distance away. Carefree girl. I'll catch up to her in seconds if that's the extent of her head start.*
Narration: *I begin to walk slowly, trying to decide what sort of drink I'll have her buy me.*

Date: *July 2, 2011, 14:47 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Narration: *―Rookies should stick to moving in pairs. You'd better know what you're doing if you want to work alone.*
Narration: *I'm quoting a professional detective, but the words are generally applicable: when you're tailing someone, a pair is less conspicuous than a single shadow.*
Narration: *Of course, that can change depending on the circumstances. In most cases, though, one stone-faced guy glaring at your back is going to inspire more caution than two idiots who happen to be following the same road.*
Narration: *Even the best international agents usually use a male and female pair. A single tail isn't unheard of, but it demands significantly greater skill and experience.*
Sachi: ......!?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *A major part of the challenge is that some people are simply more wary than others. As we've just seen, your target may turn and look behind them at completely unpredictable moments.*
Narration: *Which means that when you're shadowing someone, especially solo, perception and anticipation are the most crucial elements of success.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *...Incidentally, on this particular tailing mission, I've got a tail of my own.*
Narration: *She seems to think it's going well, but I noticed her unwavering stare as soon as I left the dorm.*
Narration: *Being observed isn't really a problem in itself, but I should probably make things clear before she starts developing any unfounded self-confidence.*
Yuuji: ...Sakaki, if you've got something to say, feel free. Any time.
Yumiko: ...Y-You were on to me?
Yuuji: Yeah, pretty much from the second I left the dorm.
Yumiko: Wha...
Narration: *Sakaki's eyes widen in surprise. Seems she did indeed have some misguided pride in her attempt at stealth.*
Yuuji: Why are you following me around?
Yumiko: H-How about you tell me why you're following Komine-san first?
Narration: *...I see. So that's how she wants to play this.*
Yuuji: All right, Sakaki, I think we all know there's a greater mystery here. Why are you outside?
Yumiko: What!? Excuse me, did you just call me a shut-in to my face!?
Yuuji: No worries. Just a little friendly joke between classmates.
Yumiko: It's wasn't particularly amusing, for your information...
Narration: *Sakaki shakes her head in exasperation.*
Yumiko: ...Well? I haven't heard an answer to the question yet.
Yuuji: Let's see... My favorite food? Baked beans.
Yumiko: Nobody asked about that! Baked beans, though...? Seriously?
Narration: *Sakaki's voice grows unusually loud with irritation.*
Yuuji: Keep it down. Sachi's going to notice us.
Yumiko: Then answer my question seriously.
Yuuji: Hrm... The reason I'm tailing Sachi, is it...?
Yumiko: Yes.
Yuuji: Pretty much just felt like it.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *At my response, Sakaki silently begins to dial a number on her cell phone.*
Yuuji: Do me a favor and refrain from calling the cops. I'd really like to avoid dealing with a certain cantankerous old codger if at all possible.
Yumiko: In that case, I suggest you offer a slightly better explanation for your actions.
Yuuji: ...Hmm, let's see.
Narration: *I think back a little way, trying to come up with some sort of reason for my behavior. Sadly, I'm drawing a blank.*
Yuuji: I happened to see Sachi heading out and got a little curious. That's about all I've got. Sorry.
Yumiko: You're following someone around for a reason like that...? Ridiculous.
Yuuji: Don't worry, though, it's not like I'm some obsessed stalker. Don't have a life-size Sachi poster in my room or anything. You can check.
Yuuji: If I'd happened to see you heading out instead, I'd probably be tailing you right about now.
Yumiko: ...I'm relieved from the bottom of my heart that things turned out otherwise.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *While I've been talking with Sakaki, Sachi has been steadily moving farther ahead.*
Yuuji: We're getting separated from her. Come on, time to move.
Yumiko: ...Huh? H-Hey!
Narration: *I charge off in pursuit. Sakaki follows in my wake.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Leaving the area surrounding the school, Sachi heads in the general direction of the station.*
Yuuji: She doesn't seem to have caught on for the moment...
Yumiko: ...I'm not sure if that's a good thing... Would you mind explaining why I should play along with this nonsense?
Yuuji: A male-female pair is efficient and inconspicuous for covert surveillance missions. You're already familiar with how tricky it is to shadow someone by yourself, aren't you?
Yumiko: Of course we're "conspicuous." Komine-san knows exactly who we are. The instant she sees us it's all over.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Sakaki seems even grumpier than usual today... but judging from the fact that she hasn't simply stalked off back to the school, it seems she's surprisingly weak against pushy tactics.*
Yuuji: Just where is she going, anyway?
Yumiko: ...That's a shopping bag over her shoulder, isn't it? The shopping district seems the most likely possibility.
Yuuji: I see. A supply mission, is it?
Narration: *It seems Sakaki has a decently observant eye in her own right... Meanwhile, Sachi has stopped to speak with someone she met in the street.*
Friendly　Lady: Hello there, Sacchan. Thanks so much for your help last time.
Sachi: Think nothing of it.
Friendly　Lady: Shopping for ingredients today, is it?
Sachi: Yes. Just a quick trip to the supermarket.
Friendly　Lady: Make sure you get some chicken thigh, then. They've got a limited-time sale about to start.
Sachi: Ooh, thank you very much. I'll keep that in mind.
Delivery　Man: Oho, if it ain't Sacchan.
Sachi: Hello, sir. Back out delivering soba noodles? Are your hips feeling better?
Delivery　Man: Yeah, thanks to that ointment you got me I'm good as new.
Sachi: I'm very glad to hear it.
Delivery　Man: My wife was very pleased too... or rather, pleasured! Gahahahaha!!
Sachi: ...?
Innocent　Girl: Ah, it's the maid lady!
Stooped　Grandmother: Ah, Komine-san. Let's play croquet again when you have the chance, yes?
Narration: *Before long, it becomes apparent that virtually everyone Sachi passes in the street has some sort of friendly greeting for her.*
Yuuji: What's with this bizarre phenomenon...?
Yumiko: Don't ask me...
Yuuji: I had no idea Sachi was such a celebrity in the town.
Yumiko: I'm not sure "celebrity" is the appropriate word... But I expect Komine-san leaves the same impression even when outside the school.
Yuuji: The same impression?
Yumiko: Komine-san is very diligent and honest. Whatever the final results of her efforts, we all trust her and rely on her, yes?
Yuuji: True enough.
Yumiko: I don't think there is any other side to her personality. She's probably just as straightforward and helpful wherever she goes.
Yuuji: I see... You know, considering how uninterested you always claim to be, you're a pretty observant one.
Yumiko: ...I've simply known Komine-san a little longer than you, that's all.
Yuuji: All right, we'll leave it at that.
Energetic　Kid: Ah! It's Sachi-neechan!!
Naughty　Kid: You're right! Heyyy!!
Narration: *Even after arriving at the shopping district, Sachi's encounter rate is as high as ever.*
Sachi: ...Huse dolt, tike how ten?
Energetic　Kid: Ay nim, hable crabbco.
Sachi: Sabdor, yonogurt?
Naughty　Kid: Pindle, pindle.
Yuuji: ...Sakaki, please explain this as well.
Yumiko: Don't expect me to explain everything just because I had the answer once...
Yuuji: Oh. All right. I assumed the renowned classmate researcher, Professor Sakaki, would have some insights on the matter...
Yumiko: I don't recall becoming a professor of anything...
Sachi: Thell... pindle, zork ario?
Energetic　Kid: Ahaha! Nice one, Sachi-neechan! I hadn't thought of that!!
Naughty　Kid: I know, right!?
Yuuji: For some reason they're getting really excited...
Yumiko: H-How on earth does this code language they're speaking in work...?
Yuuji: It's nothing like any I'm familiar with, unfortunately.
Yumiko: ......
Sachi: Nerf... shab ratz, der ogeese.
Energetic　Kid: Ahaha! Ahaha!
Yumiko: Argh! I can't hear well from this far away...
Narration: *Mumbling something to herself, Sakaki draws gradually closer to Sachi.*
Yuuji: Watch it, Sakaki! Get any closer and she's going to notice us.
Yumiko: ...Huh? Oh, right. Sorry.
Yumiko: Wait, why am I hiding, anyway...? What am I even doing...?
Yuuji: Now you worry about that? Talk about a delayed reaction...
Narration: *Well, I guess you could say Sachi's pretty impressive in a way, to have so completely caught our perpetually unenthusiastic Sakaki's interest.*
Sachi: Thell wen, dera rose.
Energetic　Kid: Yeah, see ya later, Sachi-neechan!
Naughty　Kid: See yaaa!!
Yuuji: She just held an entire conversation in gibberish.
Yumiko: If Matsushima-san was here, she'd probably be bursting out demanding the secret code right about now.
Yuuji: Most likely.
Yumiko: Anyway, Komine-san certainly is popular with the young. Perhaps that knack for dealing with children is also the reason Irisu-san is always demanding her as a playmate...?
Sachi: ......
Yumiko: Ah... Come on, we're going to lose her, Kazami-kun!
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *...When exactly did our roles in this operation get so thoroughly reversed?*
Sachi: ...All right, that's everything.
Narration: *Having finished her shopping in the supermarket, Sachi begins to walk back toward the school, a satisfied expression on her face.*
Narration: *Seems this is all she had planned for this particular expedition.*
Yuuji: Well, as expected, she didn't pull anything too out of the ordinary in the supermarket.
Yumiko: Oh? Personally, I don't think anyone "ordinary" would listen to an old lady giving out free samples blather for an entire hour...
Narration: *Sakaki's voice has its usual tinge of exasperation, but her facial expression is somewhat relieved.*
Yumiko: ...All right, I think I'll be leaving you to your own devices now. Excuse me.
Yuuji: Hm? We're going back to the same place, aren't we?
Yumiko: I've got something I want here as well.
Yuuji: If you need help carrying anything I can tag along...
Yumiko: Not necessary.
Narration: *Sakaki fires off an instant response, leaving no room for discussion.*
Yuuji: Alright, take care.
Yumiko: Yes, I intend to. You never know when some overly-curious individual might start stalking you on a whim, after all.
Narration: *With a few words of deadpan sarcasm, Sakaki walks off on her own.*
Narration: *...All right, I suppose I'll just finish my surveillance of Sachi by myself.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *When I turn my attention back to the maid in question, she's walking along while peeking down into the bags she's holding in both hands.*
Yuuji: It doesn't look like she's paying attention to where she's going...
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *As soon as the words are out of my mouth, Sachi bumps her shoulder against someone, sending the contents of her bags scattering across the ground.*
Narration: *Well then. Any way you look at it, we've got a classmate in distress here...*

Yuuji: Okay, I think that's enough tailing for one day.
Narration: *Discontinuing my covert surveillance, I run up to Sachi's side.*
Yuuji: You all right, Sachi?
Sachi: Ah, Kazami-san... were you―
Yuuji: Save the banter for later. Let's get your things off the ground.
Sachi: ...All right.
Yuuji: I think we've picked up all the obvious stuff. You missing anything?
Sachi: Uhm... No, that appears to be everything.
Yuuji: Good.
Sachi: Thank you very much. I owe you my life, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Uh, no. I think that's a bit of an exaggeration.
Sachi: Is it...?
Narration: *A disappointed expression on her face, Sachi shifts the bags in her hands. Something inside catches my eye.*
Yuuji: Hey, that canned food...
Sachi: Yes, the clerk recommended this one. It's "kamkan" brand, tuna flavor.
Yuuji: It also seems to have "cat food" written on the side... Are you really planning to make a meal out of that?
Sachi: Yes, of course.
Yuuji: I see...
Yuuji: Look, it's not like I have the best eating habits myself, so I don't want to say too much about other people's diets... but voluntarily eating pet food? That seems a bit over the top.
Sachi: I'm not eating it, of course. What on earth are you saying, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: ...I'm glad it was a misunderstanding, but please stop talking like I'm the one responsible for the confusion.
Sachi: I'm sorry?
Yuuji: So, if not you, who will be eating that cat food?
Sachi: A cat.
Yuuji: Didn't know you had a pet, Sachi.
Sachi: Well...
Narration: *As if at a loss for an answer, Sachi closes her eyes in thought.*
Sachi: I think it would be quicker to simply show you.
Narration: *And just like that, she turns and begins to walk away.*
Narration: *Guess this means I'm supposed to follow her?*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *After entering a dead-end alley off the main road, Sachi takes a few steps then squats down to the pavement.*
Kitten: Mewww.
Narration: *A kitten begins to whine loudly in response to her presence.*
Yuuji: I see. So this is the recipient of the cat food?
Sachi: Yes. A few children from the neighborhood told me about this kitten... When I have business in the shopping district, I stop by to feed it.
Narration: *...In other words, the local kids are usually looking after it, so it's not really "her pet."*

Yuuji: I'll wait and see what happens for now.
Narration: *Might seem a little heartless, but the entire purpose of this outing was to tail Sachi.*
Narration: *If I just pop out now, she'll probably ask me what I'm doing here. And I don't have a good answer.*
Narration: *...Therefore, it's standby for the moment.*
Businesswoman: ...Uhm, do you need a hand?
Sachi: No, that's quite all right.
Narration: *As I'm thinking over the matter, Sachi deftly gathers up her scattered groceries. In no time at all, she's begun walking again.*
Yuuji: She's not using the shortest route back to the dorm. Must still have a stop on the itinerary...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *After entering a dead-end alley off the main road, Sachi suddenly squats down to the ground.*
Yuuji: ...Wait, is she not feeling well?
Narration: *Considering that sloppy mistake with the bags earlier, it seems plausible. I don't think I can justify keeping up my covert surveillance any longer.*
???: Mewww.
Narration: *I emerge from cover and run to Sachi's side. There's a strange, inhuman cry from her general vicinity.*
Narration: *This might be an even more serious situation than I thought.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi, are you all right?
???: Mewww.
Sachi: Ah... Kazami-san...
Narration: *Sachi turns back to face me. She's holding a small cat against her chest.*
Yuuji: ...What, a cat?
Sachi: No, I'm a human being.
Yuuji: I'm relieved to hear that, but I was actually talking about the creature you're holding.
Sachi: Yes. This creature is a cat. I am holding a cat.
Yuuji: ...Thanks for clearing that up. I especially appreciated how you worded your response like a tourist forming sentences out of a pocket dictionary.
Sachi: Think nothing of it.
Narration: *Well, it's quite clear that Sachi is the same as always.*
Yuuji: So you came here to look after that animal, I assume?
Sachi: Yes. A few children from the neighborhood told me about this kitten... When I have business in the shopping district, I stop by to feed it.

Kitten: Mew... Mewww.
Narration: *There don't seem to be any visible problems with its health, but... can't hurt to take a quick look.*
Yuuji: Mind if I examine its physical condition for a moment?
Sachi: Are you a veterinarian, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: No, can't say that I am... but I should be able to tell if it's healthy or not.
Narration: *A long time ago, when I had a pet dog, my master taught me how to perform a basic check-up of an animal's health.*
Sachi: You never cease to amaze me, Kazami-san...
Kitten: Mew.
Narration: *Receiving the kitten from Sachi, I begin a simple palpation of its body.*
Narration: *Even when you're dealing with a very small animal, if there's something seriously wrong with its body, the pulse and movements of its internal organs will always tell you as much.*
Yuuji: ...Hrm, seems to be in decent shape.
Sachi: I'm very glad to hear it.
Yuuji: Incidentally, the most common mistake people make when raising kittens is inducing diarrhea.
Yuuji: People tend to give them milk during the weaning period, but...
Yuuji: Many kittens don't produce that much of the enzyme needed to break down lactose.
Yuuji: If their diet is too heavy on dairy, it'll cause severe indigestion. Sometimes they'll even weaken and die if you don't get them treated.
Yuuji: You should probably teach the kids that much, if they don't know already.
Sachi: I had no idea... It seems I still have much to learn.
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi gently strokes the kitten's head.*
Narration: *From her behavior and body language, it's clear that Sachi is quite fond of the animal.*
Yuuji: Have you considered taking the kitten in yourself? You know, keeping it in the dorm?
Sachi: The student dormitory has a general prohibition on pets.
Yuuji: ...Well, I guess that's not surprising.
Yuuji: On the other hand, they're generally pretty lax on enforcing that sort of rule, you know? As long as none of the others have an allergy or whatever, I doubt anyone's going to complain if you're a little selfish for once...
Sachi: Selfish...?
Yuuji: Matter of fact, Makina's keeping a crawfish in her room at the moment.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: If you're interested in the idea, I could try talking to the principal directly and―
Sachi: I mustn't be selfish.
Yuuji: Hm?
Sachi: A selfish girl who causes trouble for others is a bad girl. And I mustn't be a bad girl.
Yuuji: ...A bad girl, eh.
Narration: *I guess a class representative should try to be cautious about following the rules... but I think Sachi's true feelings are probably different.*
Narration: *Animals are mysterious things...*
Narration: *No matter how indifferent you are at first, spend a little time with one and you'll find yourself naturally getting attached.*
Narration: *...That's something I've experienced personally in the past.*
Yuuji: Let me change the question... Forget everything else, Sachi. Would you like to keep the kitten as a pet if you could?
Sachi: I...
???: Heeeey! Sachi-neechan!!
Narration: *Just as Sachi averts her eyes from mine in hesitation, a young boy runs noisily into the alley.*
Sachi: ...What's wrong, Masahiko-kun?
Masahiko: Haa... haa... haa...
Masahiko: J-Just the person I wanted t'see. I've got big news for you, Nee-chan.
Sachi: Big news?
Masahiko: Yeah! It took a long time, but I finally talked my Ma into letting me keep the cat!
Sachi: ......!
Masahiko: He doesn't have to live inside a cardboard box anymore. Isn't that great?
Narration: *The boy energetically gestures as he speaks, bubbling with joy.*
Sachi: I see. That's quite a relief.
Masahiko: Sachi-neechan, thanks so much for looking after him all this time.
Sachi: Not at all. I just gave him a little food every once in a while.
Narration: *With those words, Sachi gently hands the cat in her arms over to the boy.*
Masahiko: Hehehe... You're livin' with me now, okay?
Kitten: Mewww.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *The boy pets the kitten's head gently, just as Sachi had before.*
Narration: *She watches the two of them quietly.*
Masahiko: ...Ah, one more thing, Sachi-neechan.
Sachi: Yes?
Masahiko: If you wanna see this guy, you're welcome to come over anytime.
Sachi: Would that be all right?
Masahiko: 'Course it would. It's all thanks to you that he got this big and strong.
Kitten: Mewww.
Sachi: ...Okay.
Sachi: Then every day right after class, I'll―
Masahiko: Uh... E-Every day might be a liiittle much, haha...
Sachi: What a shame...
Masahiko: Okay, I'm gonna go show this guy to Ma right away.
Sachi: I'm sure it will be a lot of work... but please take good care of him.
Masahiko: Yeah. Leave it to me!
Narration: *The boy pounds a hand against his chest, speaking with forceful confidence.*
Masahiko: Alright, see ya later, Sachi-neechan.
Sachi: Bye-bye.
Masahiko: You too, evil-looking guy!
Yuuji: You could have left out the "evil-looking" part...
Narration: *The boy cradles the cat carefully in his arms and dashes back out into the main street.*
Yuuji: ...That's too bad, Sachi.
Sachi: Hm? I was expecting something more along the lines of "Nice to see the cat found itself an owner. You're really something, Sachi" at this point in the conversation...
Yuuji: I'm not sure why I would compliment you at the end, but let's leave that aside for the moment...
Yuuji: Deep down, you wanted to keep that kitten yourself, didn't you?
Sachi: ...Yes, of course.
Narration: *Knew it.*
Yuuji: Therefore, "that's too bad."
Sachi: I see...
Narration: *With that curt reply, Sachi slowly begins to walk away.*
Sachi: I have been considering this possibility for quite some time now, but I'm now convinced... Kazami-san, you belong to the category of people commonly referred to as "sadists."
Yuuji: Can't say I've ever consciously classified myself as such... but I guess I'll have to take your word for it, Sachi.
Sachi: There's no doubt about it. Under the merciless assault of your cruel words, I felt something stirring within me...
Yuuji: Say what?
Narration: *What the heck is this...?*
Narration: *Did a classmate just confess to me...? Specifically, about awakening to sexual deviancy?*
Sachi: ...But nonetheless, I have to thank you.
Yuuji: Why?
Sachi: Earlier, you offered to talk to the principal so that I could keep the kitten in the dormitory.
Yuuji: Ah...
Narration: *Well, it was obvious that Sachi was fond of the animal, after all.*
Sachi: It seems I won't be able to raise him myself anymore, but...
Sachi: Just knowing that there's someone who understands my feelings... makes me feel a little warm inside.
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Sachi: Yes.
Narration: *Sachi begins to walk more briskly, seemingly unable to say any more.*
Narration: *...No matter how much she hides it behind words and logic, having something she loves taken away from her must be a bitter experience.*
Narration: *If I was able to take some of the edge off that pain... I guess even the most whimsical of tailing missions might have meaning in their own right.*
Sachi: ...Kazami-san, I have a report. Sakaki-san spotted at twelve o'clock.
Yuuji: Excellent. We're beginning covert surveillance. Follow my lead.
Sachi: Roger.
Narration: *...Well, under certain circumstances, at least.*

Date: *July 2, 2011, 18:50 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Amane: ...Huh? Michiru, are you having takeout from the convenience store for dinner again?
Michiru: So what? Leave me alone.
Makina: Hrrrm, lessee here. Garlic chicken an' tuna corn salad... wit' deluxe baked puddin' for dessert... Same as always...
Makina: I betcha everyone workin' at that place knows ya as the "Garlic Chicken Addict Girl" by now. "Garli-girl" for short.
Amane: Sounds entirely likely! They tend to remember customers who always buy the same thing at the same time, you know? I can just see the part-timers talking behind your back. "Garli-girl come by today?"
Michiru: Wha-! Cut it out!! Now it's going to feel really awkward the next time I go shopping!
Amane: Aha, sorry 'bout that. Hardly a big deal, though. Don't let it get to you.
Makina: What she said. Get too self-conscious and you'll turn into an ugly human bein', ya know?
Michiru: ...Huh? R-Really...?
Makina: I dunno. Just repeatin' something Ama-nee told me once.
Michiru: ...What does that mean?
Amane: Hmm... it's a little tough to explain. Basically, if you get too obsessed with what everyone thinks of you, it's easy to lose your individuality... Your values and style get thrown off little by little...
Amane: That said, you do need to pay attention to the impression you leave on other people, so it's kind of a tricky balance... You've got to find the middle ground.
Michiru: ...This coming from someone shameless enough to wander around the dorm naked...? Am I really being lectured about moderation by a girl whose breasts always seem ready to burst out of her clothes...? Is she nuts?
Amane: Hey, you. If you want to badmouth me, wait until my back is turned, got it?
Makina: ...I mean... nmm... *Nom*... She ain't gotta reason to hide a body like that... *Nom* *Nom*... so why not show it off...? Nmm... tasty...
Michiru: Ah! Hey! Makina! What are you eating!?
Makina: Oho? This puddin' is hella tasty, ya know?
Michiru: Aaaaaaah!! Aa, aaaaaah! Y-You ate... Aaaaaaaaaaah!!
Amane: Whoopsie...
Michiru: "Whoopsie" doesn't cut it! She ate the pudding! My precious pudding!
Michiru: That pudding was easily the highlight of the meal! I was looking forward to it so much! How dare you!? Vile fiend! Pudding, I shall avenge thee!! Kiiiiiiiiii!!!
Makina: Whoaaa!! He... Sorr...! Uncle, uncle!!
Amane: Okay now, let's not go nuts over one little pudding. I'll give you something else for dessert.
Michiru: What was that!? That wasn't just any pudding, it was baked pudding! Deluxe baked pudding! With whipped cream on top!
Michiru: What replacement could you possibly offer for such a perfect dessert!?
Amane: ...Okay, uh... well... all I've got is some pumpkin ice cream, but you're welcome to it...
Michiru: Pumpkin ice cream...?
Amane: Yeah, I was actually just on my way to Yuuji's room to deliver dinner... Here you go.
Michiru: Ah... this looks pretty good...
Amane: It's tasty if you eat it plain, but it also goes really well with some warm honey toast.
Michiru: Hmmm... that does sound kinda good...
Makina: That pumpkin ice cream... looks tasty...
Michiru: You already ate all my pudding! You're not getting this too!
Amane: Makina, where's your apology to Michiru?
Makina: Uuu... Sorry Chiruchiru... I haven't mentioned it before, but th' truth is, I have a secret mega-passion for sweet stuff...
Michiru: Uh, yeah, I'm well aware of that already. I guess I was being careless, anyway...
Michiru: Ah... Wait, isn't this for Yuuji? Is it really okay for me to take it?
Amane: Yeah, no problem. I made plenty, so there's lots more waiting up in my room. I'll just bring down his share when I pick up the dishes.
Michiru: ...Uh, he's actually okay with eating pumpkin in the first place?
Amane: Hm? Why do you ask?
Michiru: Pumpkin stuff tends to be kinda sugary and all. Don't guys usually hate it?
Amane: Oh, really? But just the other day he ate up the pumpkin itokoni I gave him just fine.
Michiru: "Itokoni?" What's that?
Amane: You know, the thing where you boil pumpkin and azuki beans in sugar and soy sauce... Never tried it?
Michiru: Geh... Sounds ridiculously sweet... That would completely overpower the rest of the meal! I can't stand pumpkin, anyway. It's all dry and crumbly, always makes me thirsty.
Amane: Hating pumpkin? What kind of a girl are you?
Michiru: Not all females love that stuff, for your information!
Amane: Huh? Don't you love baumkuchen, though? That stuff makes you just as thirsty.
Michiru: Baum is different! It's a kind of cake, okay!? Pumpkin is a side dish, not a dessert!
Amane: I dunno about that. Makina loves itokoni with a big glass of milk at snack time, you know?
Makina: Ooh, yeah. Cooled itokoni with some nice frosty milk is a standard summer snack, if ya ask me.
Michiru: Look... you just like anything that tastes sweet, right? I mean, boiled food with milk sounds kind of strange... Do they really go together?
Amane: Makina eats everything with milk. Sponge cake and milk, twinkies and milk, whatever...
Michiru: Well, I guess I can understand the sponge cake one, at least. Maybe it goes with anything sweet...?
Amane: Hm? Hey, Makina, don't you eat curry with milk too?
Makina: Yep, I do indeed. I coat my stomach with a glass of milk beforehand ta protect it from the curry spice, ya know? I'm also a fan of milk when I'm eatin' a YB.
Michiru: ...YB...?
Amane: Aah... she's talking about a "yakisoba bowl"...
Michiru: A what!?
Amane: Yeah, we take a bowl half-full of rice, sprinkle on some shredded cabbage, then dump piping hot yakisoba on top of it...
Michiru: Gah! Noodles on top of rice!? Carbohydrates on carbohydrates!?
Makina: It's tasty, ya know? If ya have the time, it's even better if you put a lid on the bowl and wait 'till the cabbage is nice and soft.
Amane: Is it that weird? I mean, people do the same thing with other fried stuff like okonomiyaki or takoyaki, right?
Michiru: Yes, it's weird! People from Kansai are nuts! And you drink milk with that!? Don't tell me you're forcing Yuuji to eat that stuff too!?
Amane: Mmm... well... can't say I've gone so far as to give him something as slapdash as YB... But either way, Yuuji hasn't complained about anything I've served him so far. Not even once.
Michiru: Ugh... poor Yuuji... You can't just start complaining about a girl's cooking, after all. He must be suffering in silence...
Amane: I'm pretty sure that's not true...
Makina: Onii-chan always says it tastes good, ya know?
Amane: The guy really isn't picky about his food. I mean, he did say he doesn't like meat, but if it's on his plate he'll eat every bite...
Makina: I think Chiruchiru with her garlic chicken diet is the weird one here. Complainin' about pumpkins is one thing, but milk too? Whatta picky eater. No wonder your hair's gone all pale.
Michiru: The color of my hair has nothing to do with this, all right!? I go through hell to keep this bleached! It's intentional, got it!?
Makina: ...Huh? Ah, really? I was thinkin' more like... you weren't getting enough nutrients to your head, so ya turned into a dumb blond... or somethin'...
Michiru: Wha!? "Dumb blond!?" Is that really how you see me!?
Amane: Aah, sorry, this one might be my fault.
Amane: See, I kinda found out that when I say "if you don't eat properly, you'll end up like Michiru!" she'll gobble down every scrap on her plate... while screaming in terror. So, you know...
Michiru: No, I don't know!! Don't use me to threaten a child! What do you people think I am!? Do I look like a friggin' boogeyman to you!?
Amane: "I'll grind up naughty kids to make my bread!" Ahahahahahahaha!
Michiru: Not funny! That is NOT funny!
Makina: Hey, don't let it getcha down, alright? I spent a long time overseas, so I understand. This is what it means ta be a blond woman. Ya can't help it.
Michiru: I told you, my natural color is black! Mukiiiii!!
Narration: *As Michiru shrieked and threw her hands up in rage, it seems that her completely melted puddle of pumpkin ice cream scattered in a syrupy spray across the hallway.*
Narration: *Hearing this story as I ate my dinner that night, I nodded thoughtfully and offered a few wise words.*
Narration: *"The word 'blond' doesn't indicate a hair color alone. It describes an entire way of life... tragic as it may be."*

Date: *June 3, 2011, 07:51 - School Dormitory - Laundry*
Narration: *―There are many kinds of "heroes" in this world:*
Narration: *The famous heroes who really existed, like Jeanne d'Arc, the woman commander who broke the deadlock of the Hundred Years War;*
Narration: *The heroes of legend, like Heracles of Greek mythology, who carried out twelve great labors and fought the forces of Chaos in the Gigantomachy;*
Narration: *Even the small heroes whose names are quickly forgotten, like that man who selflessly protected a young girl from vicious stray dogs.*
Narration: *But among all the varieties of heroism, the admiration of children is mostly reserved for the "superhero" category, composed of flashy characters who use special powers to fight for justice in comic books and television shows.  *
Narration: *Originally, a superhero is supposed to protect the weak and crush evil, but...*
Narration: *These days, matters aren't quite so clear-cut. It seems mysterious superheroes with unclear motives have come into fashion.*
Narration: *I learned of their existence not too long after entering my new school...*
Makina: Toro! Toro!!
Sachi: Spare ribs! Spare ribs!!
Narration: *When I arrive at the third floor, having decided to finish my laundry early, I find Sachi and Makina screaming at each other about food.*
Yuuji: Thigh meat! Thigh meat!
Sachi: Boldly declaring your fetish as soon as you enter the scene...? I must admit, this I had not anticipated. You continue to amaze me, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: No, you two seemed to be discussing your lunch menu, so I was trying to play along...
Makina: ...Lunch menu? Whaddaya talking about?
Yuuji: You were screaming about fatty tuna and spare ribs, right? Weren't you arguing over your meal plans?
Sachi: Ah, now I understand. No, you've got the wrong idea.
Makina: We were just now playin' a vigorous round of "Tunafish Man!"
Yuuji: Tunafish Man, is it...?
Narration: *I've heard that name fairly frequently since entering this school... since it ends with "-Man," odds are he's some kind of superhero.*
Narration: *The "Tunafish" part is slightly harder to decipher. Perhaps it's the nickname of a hardened warrior? A man so tough that even under the harshest enemy interrogation, he stays as cold and inert as a dead fish?*
Narration: *Or maybe he's a socially-conscious superhero, fighting back against the environmental consequences of tuna overfishing...?*
Makina: Onii-chan, hey. Onii-chan. Why so quiet? Fantasizin' about thighs again?
Yuuji: No. I was pondering a little about this "Tunafish Man" character.
Makina: Uu? Don't tell me ya aren't familiar with Tunafish Man!
Yuuji: Afraid not. I've only started to hear the name recently.
Sachi: That may be a grave problem... A basic understanding of such cultural phenomena is an essential part of getting by in modern society.
Makina: Indeed! Tunafish Man is an ultra-famous superhero these days! He's routinely refer'nced in major political speeches, not ta mention national school exams!
Yuuji: ...Say... what?
Sachi: Maki-chan may be exaggerating slightly... but at the very least, he's a very popular character in the Mishima Cape area.
Yuuji: I see... in my previous school, I usually had my hands full with my "studies," so my knowledge of popular culture may be somewhat lacking by now...
Sachi: In that case, how about taking a look for yourself?
Yuuji: ...Is that possible?
Sachi: Certainly. Tunafish Man is a Sunday morning TV superhero, after all. A new episode will be broadcast just about five minutes from now.
Makina: Wha!? We've only got five minutes!?
Sachi: Yes... we've been playing Tunafish Man for a good thirty minutes now.
Makina: Mwhoa! Th' time flew by thanks to Sachhin's top-class roleplayin' service. Nearly backfired on us...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *This Tunafish Man is still something of a mystery to me... but apparently, he's a compelling enough character to make a surreal game like that addictive.*
Sachi: All right then. We're going to watch Tunafish Man in the lobby. Would you care to join us, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: I think I will. If the character's as famous as you say, I think it's worthwhile to take a look for myself.
Sachi: Excellent. I knew you'd give it a try.
Makina: A'ight. We can't be late for Onii-chan's initi-ate-shun as a Tunaman fan. We're dashin' to the first floor!
Yuuji: Right...
Makina: Sacchin, Sacchin! Switch it on, pronto!
Sachi: Yes!
Narration: *Sachi dives toward the television set like a runner stealing home and mashes the power button. A commercial for a snack food familiar from when I was young fills the television screen.*
Makina: M'keh! 7:59! Made it by th' skin of our teeth!
Sachi: Yes, it won't do to miss the recap.
Narration: *Judging from the child-like sparkle in their eyes as they settle on the sofa, it would seem these two really are looking forward to the show.*
Narration: *My curiosity piqued, I turn my attention back to the television.*
Narration: Last time, on Fresh-Fish Superman, Tunafish Man!!
BBQ　Belligerent: Bii! Bii, biiii!!
General　Spareribs: Bii... bii... bii... it's already been three months since we launched our plan for beefy world domination from the distant pastures of Fujisawa...
General　Spareribs: First, we plotted to convert that crumbling old "Hamagase Shrine" into a steakhouse... but met terrible treatment at the hands of those un-bii-lievably violent shrine maidens...
General　Spareribs: What we need is a nice, easy place to conquer... just for starters...
BBQ　Belligerent: Bii! How about this town, Mihoshi?
General　Spareribs: Mihoshi? What sort of town is it?
BBQ　Belligerent: Bii! A rustic hot spring town in the Nishiizu area. But it seems there's an inn of long standing repute which attracts many repeat customers!
General　Spareribs: Bibibi... sounds like a beefy prize...! All right, our next order of business: we'll make that inn into a super cheap all-you-can-eat BBQ restaurant...
Yuuji: What is with this freak? Why is he wearing that cheap-looking mask...?
Makina: The word "mask" is forbidden! That's General Spareribs, the BBQ Empire's baddest, beefiest bigshot! He's Tunafish Man's sworn archenemy.
Sachi: "General Spareribs," designed around a BBQ beef ribs motif, wages an unending battle against "Tunafish Man," designed around a tuna motif...
Sachi: It's the ultimate clash between meat and fish, a take-no-prisoners food pyramid war. A truly clear and compelling setting, matched artfully to the interests and knowledge of children.
Yuuji: I'm sorry, is there some point to staging a battle between meat and fish?
Sachi: None in particular, as far as I'm aware.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *As I tilt my head in puzzlement at their "explanation," the program's theme song begins to play.*
Makina: ...By the way, Sacchin. Was the CD for this song released yet?
Sachi: No. I believe they haven't even announced a release date at this point...
Makina: What'n the heck are the producers doin'!? A godly song like this would be a million-seller hit! I guarantee it!
Sachi: I agree that it's a good song, but... a million might be expecting a little too much...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *The real world can be a heartless place. Especially when it comes to music about fish-themed superheroes.*
BBQ　Belligerent: Bii! This is it, General! Mihoshi!!
General　Spareribs: Bibibi... good, good. Let's bii-gin our search for this renowned inn... 
General　Spareribs: ...Hmm?
Nanano: Haa... haa... waaaait upppp! Renge-chaaan!
Renge: Geez... Nanano, you're the one who said we had to hurry before the melon buns sell out, you know?
General　Spareribs: Nice timing. We'll bii-t the location of the inn out of these girls...
BBQ　Belligerent: Biii!
Nanano: They're not melon buns! They're mango-melon buns!!
Renge: Yeah, yeah...
General　Spareribs: Uhm, excuse me. We've heard there's a well-known traditional inn in this area, but...
Nanano: Ah, yes. You must mean the Kuroda Inn. It's right next to my house... hey, wait a second! General Spareribs!?
General　Spareribs: Bii? Young lady, could it bii that you know who I am?
Nanano: Of course I do! I never miss an episode!
General　Spareribs: I see, I see. It seems I've bii-come something of a celebrity...
BBQ　Belligerent: Biii!
Renge: ...Uh, if you say so. I have no idea who this guy is... are you sure he isn't just some freaky pervert?
General　Spareribs: Pervert!? How rude can you bii!? I am General Spareribs of the BBQ Empire!
General　Spareribs: Ah, here... my card.
Renge: Ahh... so basically, you're the guy in the "role" of General-Whatever...
General　Spareribs: Bibii!? Such cynical words are forbidden in the world of superheroes! Don't children these days bii-lieve in anything!?
General　Spareribs: Where's the inn!? You'd better spill the bii-ns if you know what's good for you!
Nanano: But... General Spareribs, what do you plan to do if I tell you where the Kuroda Inn is?
General　Spareribs: Why, steal the rights to the property, then remodel it as a bii-hemoth all-you-can-eat BBQ joint, of course!
Nanano: Grrrr! That's just wrong! I'll never ever tell you where the inn is!!
General　Spareribs: Insolent whelp... If that's the way it's going to bii, I'll take you as a hostage and get the truth out of the other girl!
BBQ　Belligerent: Bii!
Nanano: Hyaaaa!?
Renge: ...You okay, Nanano-chan? I can call the police right now, if you want.
General　Spareribs: Don't talk about the police! How cynical can one person bii!?
Nanano: It's fine, Renge-chan. We have a powerful superhero on our side...
Renge: ...Superhero?
BBQ　Belligerent: Bibii!?
General　Spareribs: Y-You can't mean...!?
Nanano: Oh, but I can!
Nanano: ...Help meeeeeee! Tuuunaaafish maaaaan!!
General　Spareribs: ......
BBQ　Belligerent: ......
Renge: Uhm... nothing seems to have happened.
Nanano: Don't rush things, Renge-chan! Tunafish Man needs time to rush over here!
Renge: Hmm... that a fact...
Tunafish　Man: ...Fish guts! Fish guts! Fish have guts!!
Renge: Gah... a weird thing showed up... on foot...
Nanano: That's no weird thing! It's the superhero Tunafish Man, ally of the weak and defender of justice!!
Tunafish　Man: Haa... haa... haa...
Tunafish　Man: Bleeeh! *Hack!* *Hack!* *Wheeze!!*
Renge: ...Is it just me, or is he totally out of breath?
Nanano: Tunafish Man is an eco-friendly superhero, so he never uses any vehicle that emits CO2! 
Tunafish　Man: ...Fresh-Fish Superman! Tu～na～fish～Man!♪
Renge: This is a superhero...?
General　Spareribs: Bibi!? You show your face at last, Tunafishman...
Nanano: Whoops... there we go...
Renge: Oh, once the superhero shows up they let the hostage go...?
Nanano: Eheheh. That's just how these things work.
Tunafish　Man: As long as there are saltwater fish crying out for a savior... the tuna of justice will appeaaar!
Renge: We're primates, though...
Nanano: Don't sweat the small stuff!
General　Spareribs: Biii... Tunafish Man, you meddling do-gooder, always standing in my way... bii-ware, today we'll settle the score once and for all...
Tunafish　Man: Just what I wanted to hear!
Nanano: Go, go, Tuna～fish～man!!
Tunafish　Man: All right then! I'll show you the guts of a fish! That is to say, fish guts!!
Renge: Uhhh...
Tunafish　Man: Eat this! Akami! Akami!
BBQ　Belligerent: Bii! Biibii!!
BBQ　Belligerent: Biiiiiiii!!
Tunafish　Man: Excellent... it seems today's sushi is ferociously fresh, as always...
General　Spareribs: Grrrr... insolent whelp!
General　Spareribs: Take that! Tenderloin! Tenderloin, Tenderloin!!
Yuuji: Hey...
Yuuji: These things just started ripping their own stomachs open and throwing their flesh at each other...
Sachi: This is how the battle between Tunafish Man and General Spareribs must be fought...
Makina: Only through th' sacrifice of their own delicious bodies can they achieve true victory...
Makina: Tunafish Man throws everythin' he's got away ta teach us the harshness of reality...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *For a show that's supposedly "easy for children to understand," this grim fatalism seems slightly out of place.*
Narration: *Perhaps this program has an unexpectedly nuanced message beneath its bizarre surface?*
Tunafish　Man: Hot! Hot, hot!!
General　Spareribs: Biibibibi... what do you think? The tenderloin is bii-witchingly succulent when grilled over high-grade oak charcoal direct from the forests of Wakayama Prefecture, wouldn't you say?
Tunafish　Man: Guuhhh... it's exquisitely cooked ... and this smell... stimulating the appetite, draining my power...!
Renge: What, you're okay with the burns...?
General　Spareribs: Whatever might bii the matter, Tunafish Man...? I've still got the beef tongue and sirloin steak waiting...
Tunafish　Man: Damn... at this rate...!
Nanano: Wawah! What do we do, Renge-chan...? Tunafish Man is in trouble!
Renge: Huh? Trouble? This is trouble...?
Tunafish　Man: Fishuhuhu... no cause for concern... I've still got my trump card!
Nanano: Huh!? Th-That's...!?
General　Spareribs: Heh...
Narration: Somehow enduring the powered-up tenderloin attack, Tunafish Man prepares to answer with his ultimate attack...
Narration: But what does the fearless smirk on the face of General Spareribs mean!?
Makina: Pheww... a commercial break...
Sachi: Today, Tunafish Man is in a pinch right away... very unusual.
Makina: Instead of gettin' fresher meat, they changed th' fire used to grill the beef... I didn't see that one comin'...
Sachi: Wakayama charcoal is fearsome...
Tunafish　Man: Tu～na～fish～Man!♪
Narration: Moves just like the real thing! It glows! It shakes!
Narration: Now you too can be Tunafish Man! Tunafish Man transformation belt set!! Coming soon!!
Makina: Wha! This wonderful product... I wannit! Argh, I wannit immediately! If not sooner!!
Yuuji: Hold on a second. I don't care if you want the toy, but... did I miss something here? I didn't see any transformation scene in this show.
Sachi: Now that you mention it... Tunafish Man is always in full Tunafish mode from the moment of his arrival...
Makina: Uh, in the first place, I dun' think he even wears a belt...
Yuuji: Then... what's that "just like the real thing" supposed to mean...?
Makina: ......
Sachi: ......
Makina: O-Okay, Sacchin. Once the show's over, research this mysterious transformation belt at once!
Sachi: Y-Yes. Certainly.
Tunafish　Man: ...Eat this!Toro!Toro!
General　Spareribs: Biiiii! I-It stinks! It stinks of fish!!
Tunafish　Man: How's that...? Toro, the finest fatty cut, harvested from the least muscular spot of the belly... something else, isn't it?
General　Spareribs: C-Certainly a rich, oily cut of fish...
General　Spareribs: But I won't bii defeated by the likes of this!
Tunafish　Man: ...What... did you... say?
Nanano: No way... the toro didn't work!?
General　Spareribs: There's no way that it would... bii-cause this toro isn't from the usual bluefin tuna, caught by the fishermen of Oma! If I'm not mistaken, it's mere bigeye tuna, probably caught somewhere close to the equator.
Tunafish　Man: Guhhh! If only the record-setting heat waves hadn't caused ocean temperatures to rise, leading to a dramatic decline in the regional fish catch... if only...!!
General　Spareribs: Biibibibibi! I've bii-n defeated by that move too many times to miss such a blunder!
Renge: That's really not something to be proud of...
Tunafish　Man: Damn! I may have gained power as a superhero... but in the end, is a mere saltwater fish like me powerless against the force of nature...?
Renge: Uh, hold on... Tunafish Man, you're not a fish, are you? I mean, you've got legs...
Tunafish　Man: Gyo!?
Renge: "Gyo" yourself...
General　Spareribs: Bii-littled by a young girl! Serves you right.
Tunafish　Man: Kuh... if only... if only global CO2 emissions had been reduced while we still had the chance...!
General　Spareribs: Sorry, but I think you've had enough time to bii-moan environmental problems... I'll finish this with my ultimate attack...
General　Spareribs: Take that!
Tunafish　Man: Guaah! Guaaaaaah!!
Nanano: Waah! A-Are you okay, Tunafish Man...?
Tunafish　Man: I-I'll be all right... but at this rate, the virtuous citizens will have their inn stolen and turned into a BBQ restaurant...
Nanano: You can do it, Tunafish Man!! The Kuroda Inn is Mihoshi's pride!!
Tunafish　Man: But... I've already... thrown every edible part of my body...
Nanano: T-True... your stomach is nothing but bones now...
Renge: ...You've still got something you can throw, don't you?
Tunafish　Man: ...Huh?
Renge: C'mon, you know... you've still got that "leftover" stuff they're always selling in the seafood section, right?
Tunafish　Man: Gyo!? Y-You don't mean―
General　Spareribs: What do you think you're whispering about!? Face the beefy reality! You'll all be working in BBQ restaurants in the glorious BBQ Empire from now on! Bii-have yourselves and surrender at once!
Tunafish　Man: ...I'm afraid I can't do that.
General　Spareribs: Bibii!? You still stand? Despite receiving my ultimate spare ribs attack, powered up by high-quality oak charcoal!?
Tunafish　Man: Through the grace of our mother the sea... and the wisdom of a young girl... I have awakened to a new power!
General　Spareribs: ...A new... power?
Tunafish　Man: Eat this! Tunafish Man's new ultimate attack!!
Tunafish　Man: Tuna scrape! Tuna scrape! Tuna scrape!!
General　Spareribs: Guaah! Guaaaaah! Guaaaaaaaargggghhh!!
General　Spareribs: I-Impossible... tuna scrape...? This can't bii...
Tunafish　Man: Not just any tuna scrape... the highest quality leftover flesh, scraped from the spine right at the fatty belly area... the taste is incomparable.
General　Spareribs: Grrrraaaaa... I c-can't deny it, this would bii great in a nice sushi roll...
Tunafish　Man: That's right! Now that you've learned your lesson, get back to Fujisawa!
General　Spareribs: Biiii!! I'm bii-sides myself, but it seems we have no choice but to retreat for now...
General　Spareribs: But don't think this is over! My dream of beefy world domination still lives!!
Renge: Ah... the pervert ran away...
Tunafish　Man: He did indeed. Now only we refined gentlemen and ladies remain.
Renge: No, I have you pretty firmly in the freak category as well...
Nanano: That was amazing! You drove off THE General Spareribs! Tunafish Man, you're really something else!!
Tunafish　Man: Fishuhuhuhuhu... It's all thanks to your brave support, young lady.
Tunafish　Man: And you as well, quick-witted young miss... your advice proved the key to victory. You have my thanks.
Renge: Yeah, yeah, whatever... good work...
Tunafish　Man: Indeed. All right, you two. I expect you to be very careful about overfishing tuna in the future!
Renge: No need to worry, since we have absolutely no influence on that whatsoever.
Nanano: Tunafish Man, good luck! Please protect the next town too!
Tunafish　Man: But of course!
Tunafish　Man: Ah, I almost forgot... please enjoy the leftover tuna scrape, you two.
Nanano: Whaaa!? Really!? Is that okay!?
Tunafish　Man: Yes. Don't worry, I've stuck on a date sticker for safety. It's freshly scraped from my body this very afternoon!
Nanano: Yaaay! What an awesome side dish! Onii-chan will flip out!
Renge: We're really going to eat that...?
Narration: ...And thus, thanks to Tunafish Man's efforts, the BBQ Empire's ambitions were thwarted once again...
Narration: But as long as General Spareribs still walks this world, there can be no true peace...
Narration: Run, Tunafish Man! Fight, Tunafish Man!! As long as there are saltwater fish crying out for a savior, your battle will go on!!
Renge: The fish and meat used in the attacks were enjoyed by the staff after filming.
Makina: M'keh. We've got our standard conclusion! Everything wrapped up perfec'ly, as always...
Yuuji: So that's a complete story, then?
Makina: Yeah. Personally, I found it super-satisfyin'. Especially the new ultimate move.
Sachi: Indeed, today's episode was a roller coaster ride... I've still got goosebumps...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *So today's episode was of the so-called "heart-pounding," "edge of your seat" variety... apparently.*
Sachi: So, Kazami-san, what did you think of your first taste of Tunafish Man?
Makina: Yeah, let's hear it, I was just wonderin' myself.
Yuuji: Let's see... it's a little difficult to put everything into words, but...
Yuuji: All said and done, it was definitely not a boring experience.
Narration: *It's no lie to say that I found the setting and plot truly... thought-provoking.*
Makina: Dang straight... Tunafish Man never, ever fails ta deliver 30 minutes of action-packed, must-see television...
Sachi: If you've gained an interest in the program, I have here a DVD with recordings of all episodes broadcast so far. You're welcome to it.
Yuuji: ...You're well prepared.
Sachi: It's only natural for the class representative.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *You can take the class rep out of the classroom, but it seems you can't take the zealous devotion to service out of the class rep.*
Makina: Siiiigh... I hope Tunafish Man comes to Mishima Cape someday...
Sachi: If he did, would you ask him for an autograph?
Makina: Good idea! I'm gonna go get some autograph paper and pens! I gotta be prepared for Tunafish Man's visit whenever it comes!
Sachi: Ah, wait, Maki-chan! I've got all that in my locker already...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *An ordinary low-budget television show just inspired a shut-in girl to vigorous action.*
Narration: *If you look at it that way, children's superheroes might have more redeeming value than immediately meets the eye.*
Amane: ...Huh? Hey, what are you doing out here?
Yuuji: Nothing much... up until a minute ago, I was watching a show with Sachi and Makina.
Amane: Really, now...? Pretty rare for you to watch TV with those girls, Yuuji.
Yuuji: True enough. But there was something I'd been a little curious about for a while. Those two were educating me.
Amane: Hmmm... I see...
Yuuji: Incidentally, Amane... Tuna is good stuff, isn't it.
Amane: ...Sorry. What the heck are you talking about all of a sudden?
Yuuji: Well... I was pondering about seafood, and the thought just popped into my head.
Amane: Pondering, eh...?
Yuuji: Anyway, if I asked for a negitoro bowl right now... could you maybe make one?
Amane: What's this? Yuuji asking me for something...? Where is this coming from?
Yuuji: Hrm... I'm aware it's pretty unusual, coming from me... but the fact is, I've got something of a craving for fatty tuna.
Amane: Mmm, I'm honestly curious about what's gotten you so fixated on tuna, but... Well, whatever.
Amane: You almost never let me spoil you, after all. As you wish, your kind big sis will make you a negitoro bowl full of love.♪
Yuuji: ...Yeah. I appreciate it.
Narration: *"Fresh-Fish Superman, Tunafish Man."*
Narration: *An eccentric superhero, decidedly unlike any other I've known...*
Narration: *But if the spirit of justice burning in his tasty breast can inspire the hopes and dreams of two girls in this dorm...*
Narration: *Well... in this world full to the bursting with tales of heroism, one more hero can hardly hurt.*

Date: *July 3, 2011, 07:51 - School Dormitory - Laundry*
Narration: *―There are many kinds of "heroes" in this world:*
Narration: *The famous heroes who really existed, like Jeanne d'Arc, the female commander who broke the deadlock of the Hundred Years War;*
Narration: *The heroes of legend, like Heracles of Greek mythology, who carried out twelve great labors and fought the forces of Chaos in the Gigantomachy;*
Narration: *Even the small heroes whose names are quickly forgotten, like the anonymous man who selflessly protected a young girl from vicious stray dogs.*
Narration: *But among all the varieties of heroes, the admiration of children is mostly reserved for the "super" category, composed of flashy characters who use special powers to fight for justice in comic books and television shows.*
Narration: *Originally, a superhero is supposed to protect the weak and crush evil, but...*
Narration: *These days, matters aren't quite so clear-cut. It seems mysterious superheroes with unclear motives have come into fashion.*
Narration: *I learned of their existence not too long after entering my new school...*
Makina: Toro! Toro!!
Sachi: Spare ribs! Spare ribs!!
Narration: *When I arrive at the third floor, having decided to finish my laundry early, I find Sachi and Makina screaming at each other about food.*
Yuuji: Thigh meat! Thigh meat!
Sachi: Boldly declaring your fetish as soon as you enter the scene...? This I had not anticipated. You continue to amaze me, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: No, you two seemed to be discussing your lunch menu, so I was trying to play along...
Makina: ...Lunch menu? Whaddaya talking about?
Yuuji: You were screaming about fatty tuna and spare ribs, right? Weren't you arguing over your meal plans?
Sachi: Ah, now I understand. No, you've got the wrong idea.
Makina: We were just playin' a vigorous round of "Tunafish Man!"
Yuuji: Tunafish Man, is it...?
Narration: *I've been hearing that name fairly frequently since entering this school... since it ends with "-Man," odds are he's some kind of superhero.*
Narration: *The "Tunafish" part is slightly harder to decipher. Perhaps it's the nickname of a hardened warrior? A man so tough that even under the harshest enemy interrogation, he stays as cold and inert as a dead fish?*
Narration: *Or maybe he's a socially-conscious superhero, fighting back against the environmental consequences of tuna overfishing...?*
Makina: Onii-chan? Hey, Onii-chan? Why so quiet? Fantasizin' about thighs again?
Yuuji: No. I was pondering a little about this "Tunafish Man" character.
Makina: Uu? Don't tell me ya aren't familiar with Tunafish Man!
Yuuji: Afraid not. I first heard the name quite recently.
Sachi: That may be a grave problem... A basic understanding of such cultural phenomena is an essential part of getting by in modern society.
Makina: Indeed! Tunafish Man is an ultra-famous superhero these days! He's routinely refer'nced in major political speeches, not ta mention national school exams!
Yuuji: ...Say... what?
Sachi: Maki-chan may be exaggerating slightly... but at the very least, he's a very popular character in the Mishima Cape area.
Yuuji: I see... In my previous school, I usually had my hands full with my "studies," so my knowledge of popular culture may be somewhat lacking at the moment...
Sachi: In that case, how about taking a look for yourself?
Yuuji: ...Is that possible?
Sachi: Certainly. Tunafish Man is a Sunday morning TV superhero, after all. A new episode will be broadcast just about five minutes from now.
Makina: Wha!? We've only got five minutes!?
Sachi: Yes... we've been playing Tunafish Man for a good half-hour now.
Makina: Mwhoa! Th' time flew by thanks to Sacchin's top-class roleplayin' service. Nearly backfired on us...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *This Tunafish Man is still something of a mystery to me... but apparently, he's a compelling enough character to make a surreal game like that addictive.*
Sachi: All right then. We're going to watch Tunafish Man in the lobby. Would you care to join us, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: I think I will. If this character's as famous as you say, it might be best to have at least a passing familiarity with the show.
Sachi: Excellent. I knew you'd give it a try.
Makina: A'ight. We can't be late for Onii-chan's initi-ate-shun as a Tunaman fan. We're dashin' to the first floor!
Yuuji: Right...
Makina: Sacchin, Sacchin! Switch it on, pronto!
Sachi: Yes!
Narration: *Sachi dives toward the television set like a runner stealing home and mashes the power button. A commercial for a snack food I recognize from my childhood fills the television screen.*
Makina: M'keh! 7:59! Made it by th' skin of our teeth!
Sachi: Yes, it wouldn't do to miss the recap.
Narration: *Judging from the child-like sparkle in their eyes as they settle on the sofa, it would seem these two really are looking forward to the show.*
Narration: *My curiosity piqued, I turn my attention back to the television.*
Narration: Last time on Fresh-Fish Superman, Tunafish Man!!
BBQ　Belligerent: Bii! Bii, biiii!!
General　Spareribs: Bii... bii... bii... It's already bii-n three months since we launched our plan for beefy world domination from the distant pastures of Fujisawa...
General　Spareribs: First, we plotted to convert that crumbling old "Hamagase Shrine" into a steakhouse... but met terrible treatment at the hands of those un-bii-lievably violent shrine maidens...
General　Spareribs: What we need is a nice, easy place to conquer... just for starters...
BBQ　Belligerent: Bii! How about this town, Mihoshi?
General　Spareribs: Mihoshi? What sort of town is it?
BBQ　Belligerent: Bii! A rustic hot spring town in the Nishiizu area. But it seems there's an inn of long standing repute which attracts many repeat customers!
General　Spareribs: Bibibii... Sounds like a beefy prize...! All right, our next order of business: we'll make that inn into a super-cheap all-you-can-eat BBQ restaurant...
Yuuji: What's with this freak? Why's he wearing that cheap-looking mask...?
Makina: The word "mask" is forbidden! That's General Spareribs, the BBQ Empire's baddest, beefiest bigshot! He's Tunafish Man's sworn archenemy.
Sachi: "General Spareribs," designed around a BBQ beef ribs motif, wages an unending battle against "Tunafish Man," designed around a tuna motif...
Sachi: It's the ultimate clash between meat and fish, a take-no-prisoners food pyramid war. A truly clear and compelling setting, matched artfully to the interests and knowledge of children.
Yuuji: Sorry, but is there some point to staging a battle between meat and fish?
Sachi: None in particular, as far as I'm aware.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *As I tilt my head in puzzlement at their "explanation," the program's theme song begins to play.*
Makina: ...By the way, Sacchin. Has the CD for this song been released yet?
Sachi: No. I don't think they've even announced a release date at this point...
Makina: What'n the heck are the producers doin'!? A godly song like this would be a million-seller hit! I guarantee it!
Sachi: I agree that it's a good song, but... a million might be expecting a little too much...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *The real world can be a heartless place. Especially when it comes to music about fish-themed superheroes.*
BBQ　Belligerent: Bii! This is it, General! Mihoshi!!
General　Spareribs: Bibibi... Good, good. Let's bii-gin our search for this renowned inn...
General　Spareribs: ...Hmm?
Nanano: Haa... haa... Waaaait upppp! Renge-chaaan!
Renge: Geez... Nanano, you're the one who said we had to hurry before the melon buns sold out, you know?
General　Spareribs: Nice timing. We'll bii-t the location of the inn out of these girls...
BBQ　Belligerent: Biii!
Nanano: They're not melon buns! They're mango-melon buns!!
Renge: Yeah, yeah...
General　Spareribs: Uhm, excuse me. We've heard there's a well-known traditional inn in this area, but...
Nanano: Ah, yes. You must mean the Kuroda Inn. It's right next to my house... Hey, wait a second! General Spareribs!?
General　Spareribs: Bii? Young lady, could it bii that you know who I am?
Nanano: Of course I do! I never miss an episode!
General　Spareribs: I see, I see. It seems I've bii-come something of a celebrity...
BBQ　Belligerent: Biii!
Renge: ...Uh, if you say so. I have no idea who this guy is... Are you sure he isn't just some freaky pervert?
General　Spareribs: Pervert!? How rude can you bii!? I am General Spareribs of the BBQ Empire!
General　Spareribs: Ah, here... my card.
Renge: Ahh... so basically, you're the guy in the "role" of General-Whatever...
General　Spareribs: Bibii!? Such cynical words are forbidden in the world of superheroes! Don't children these days bii-lieve in anything!?
General　Spareribs: Where's the inn!? You'd better spill the bii-ns if you know what's good for you!
Nanano: But... General Spareribs, what do you plan to do if I tell you where the Kuroda Inn is?
General　Spareribs: Why, steal the rights to the property, then remodel it as a bii-hemoth all-you-can-eat BBQ joint, of course!
Nanano: Grrrr! That's just wrong! I'll never ever tell you where the inn is!!
General　Spareribs: Insolent whelp... If that's the way it's going to bii, I'll take you as a hostage and get the truth out of the other girl!
BBQ　Belligerent: Bii!
Nanano: Hyaaaa!?
Renge: ...You okay, Nanano-chan? I can call the police right now, if you want.
General　Spareribs: Don't talk about the police! How cynical can one person bii!?
Nanano: It's fine, Renge-chan. We have a powerful superhero on our side...
Renge: ...Superhero?
BBQ　Belligerent: Bibii!?
General　Spareribs: Y-You can't mean...!?
Nanano: Oh, but I can!
Nanano: ...Help meeeeeee! Tuuunaaafish maaaaan!!
General　Spareribs: ......
BBQ　Belligerent: ......
Renge: Uhm... nothing seems to have happened.
Nanano: Don't rush things, Renge-chan! Tunafish Man needs time to rush over here!
Renge: Hmm... that a fact...
Tunafish　Man: ...Fish guts! Fish guts! Fish have guts!!
Renge: Gah... a weird thing showed up... on foot...
Nanano: That's no weird thing! It's the superhero Tunafish Man, ally of the weak and defender of justice!!
Tunafish　Man: Haa... haa... haa...
Tunafish　Man: Bleeeh! *Hack!* *Hack!* *Wheeze!!*
Renge: ...Is it just me, or is he totally out of breath?
Nanano: Tunafish Man is an eco-friendly superhero, so he never uses vehicles that emit CO2!
Tunafish　Man: ...Fresh-Fish Superman! Tu～na～fish～Man!♪
Renge: This is a superhero...?
General　Spareribs: Bibi!? You show your face at last, Tunafish Man...
Nanano: Whoops... there we go...
Renge: Oh, once the superhero shows up they let the hostage go...?
Nanano: Eheheh. That's just how these things work.
Tunafish　Man: As long as there are saltwater fish crying out for a savior... the tuna of justice will appeaaar!
Renge: We're primates, though...
Nanano: Don't sweat the small stuff!
General　Spareribs: Biii... Tunafish Man, you meddling do-gooder, always standing in my way... Bii-ware, today we'll settle the score once and for all...
Tunafish　Man: Bring it on!
Nanano: Go, go, Tuna～fish～Man!!
Tunafish　Man: All right then! I'll show you the guts of a fish! That is to say, fish guts!!
Renge: Uhhh...
Tunafish　Man: Eat this! Akami! Akami!
BBQ　Belligerent: Bii! Biibii!!
BBQ　Belligerent: Biiiiiiii!!
Tunafish　Man: Excellent... It seems today's sushi is ferociously fresh, as always...
General　Spareribs: Grrrr... insolent whelp!
General　Spareribs: Try this out for starters! Tenderloin! Tenderloin,  Tenderloin!!
Yuuji: Hey...
Yuuji: These things just started ripping their own stomachs open and throwing their flesh at each other...
Sachi: This is how the battle between Tunafish Man and General Spareribs must be fought...
Makina: Only through th' sacrifice of their own delicious bodies can they achieve true victory...
Makina: Tunafish Man and company throw everythin' they've got away ta teach us the harshness of reality...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *For a show that's supposedly "easy for children to understand," this grim fatalism seems slightly out of place.*
Narration: *Perhaps this program has an unexpectedly nuanced message beneath its bizarre surface?*
Tunafish　Man: Hot! Hot, hot!!
General　Spareribs: Biibibibi... What do you think? The tenderloin is bii-witchingly succulent when grilled over high-grade oak charcoal direct from the forests of Wakayama Prefecture, wouldn't you say?
Tunafish　Man: Guuhhh... It's exquisitely cooked... and this smell... stimulates the appetite, draining my power...!
Renge: What, you're okay with the burns...?
General　Spareribs: Whatever might bii the matter, Tunafish Man...? I've still got the beef tongue and sirloin steak waiting...
Tunafish　Man: Damn... at this rate...!
Nanano: Wawah! What do we do, Renge-chan...? Tunafish Man is in trouble!
Renge: Huh? Trouble? This is trouble...?
Tunafish　Man: Fishuhuhu... No cause for concern... I've still got my trump card!
Nanano: Huh!? Th-That's...!?
General　Spareribs: Heh...
Narration: Somehow enduring the powered-up tenderloin attack, Tunafish Man prepares to answer with his ultimate attack...
Narration: But why is there a fearless smirk on General Spareribs' face!?
Makina: Pheww... a commercial break...
Sachi: Today, Tunafish Man is in a pinch right away... Very unusual.
Makina: Instead of gettin' fresher meat, they changed th' fire used to grill the beef... I didn't see that one comin'...
Sachi: Wakayama charcoal, is it...?
Tunafish　Man: Tu～na～fish～Man!♪
Narration: Moves just like the real thing! It glows! It shakes!
Narration: Now you too can be Tunafish Man! Tunafish Man transformation belt set!! Coming soon!!
Makina: Whoa! This wonderful product... I wannit! Argh, I wannit immediately! If not sooner!!
Yuuji: Hold on a second. I don't care if you want the toy, but... did I miss something here? I didn't see a single transformation sequence in this show.
Sachi: Now that you mention it... Tunafish Man is always in full Tunafish mode from the moment of his arrival...
Makina: Uh, in the first place, I dun' think he even wears a belt...
Yuuji: Then... what's that "just like the real thing" supposed to mean...?
Makina: ......
Sachi: ......
Makina: O-Okay, Sacchin. Once the show's over, research this mysterious transformation belt at once!
Sachi: Y-Yes. Certainly.
Tunafish　Man: ...Eat this! Toro! Toro!
General　Spareribs: Biiiii! I-It stinks! It stinks of fish!!
Tunafish　Man: How's that...? Toro, the finest fatty tuna, harvested from the least muscular spot of the belly... Something else, isn't it?
General　Spareribs: C-Certainly a rich, oily cut of fish...
General　Spareribs: But I won't bii defeated by the likes of this!
Tunafish　Man: ...What... did you... say?
Nanano: No way... the toro didn't work!?
General　Spareribs: There's no way that it would... bii-cause this toro isn't from the usual bluefin tuna, caught by the fishermen of Oma! If I'm not mistaken, it's mere bigeye tuna, probably caught somewhere close to the equator.
Tunafish　Man: Guhhh! If only the record-setting heat wave hadn't caused ocean temperatures to rise, leading to a dramatic decline in the regional fish catch... If only...!!
General　Spareribs: Biibibibibi! I've bii-n defeated by that move too many times to miss such a blunder!
Renge: That's really not something to be proud of...
Tunafish　Man: Damn! I may have gained power as a superhero... but in the end, is a mere saltwater fish like me powerless against the force of nature...?
Renge: Uh, hold on... Tunafish Man, you're not a fish, are you? I mean, you've got legs...
Tunafish　Man: Gyo!?
Renge: "Gyo" yourself...
General　Spareribs: Bii-littled by a young girl! Serves you right.
Tunafish　Man: Kuh... If only... If only global CO2 emissions had been reduced... while we still had the chance...!
General　Spareribs: Sorry, but I think you've had enough time to bii-moan environmental problems... I'll finish this with my ultimate attack...
General　Spareribs: Take that! Spare ribs! Spare ribs!!
Tunafish　Man: Guaah! Guaaaaaah!!
Nanano: Waah! A-Are you okay, Tunafish Man...?
Tunafish　Man: I-I'll be all right... but at this rate, the virtuous citizens will have their inn stolen and turned into a BBQ restaurant...
Nanano: You can do it, Tunafish Man!! The Kuroda Inn is Mihoshi's pride!!
Tunafish　Man: But... I've already... thrown every edible part of my body...
Nanano: T-True... your stomach is nothing but bones now...
Renge: ...You've still got something you can throw, don't you?
Tunafish　Man: ...Huh?
Renge: C'mon, you know... you've still got that "leftover" stuff they're always selling in the seafood section, right?
Tunafish　Man: Gyo!? Y-You don't mean―
General　Spareribs: What do you think you're whispering about!? Face the beefy reality! You'll all be working in BBQ restaurants in the glorious BBQ Empire from now on! Bii-have yourselves and surrender at once!
Tunafish　Man: ...I'm afraid I can't do that.
General　Spareribs: Bibii!? Unbii-lievable! You still stand? Despite receiving my ultimate spare ribs attack, powered up by high-quality oak charcoal!?
Tunafish　Man: Through the grace of our mother the sea... and the wisdom of a young girl... I have awakened to a new power!
General　Spareribs: ...A new... power?
Tunafish　Man: Eat this! Tunafish Man's new ultimate attack!!
Tunafish　Man: Tuna scrape! Tuna scrape! Tuna scrape!!
General　Spareribs: Guaah! Guaaaaah! Guaaaaaaaargggghhh!!
General　Spareribs: I-Impossible... tuna scrape...? This can't bii...
Tunafish　Man: Not just any tuna scrape... The highest quality leftover flesh, scraped from the spine right at the fatty belly area... The taste is incomparable.
General　Spareribs: Grrrraaaaa... I c-can't deny it, this would bii great in a nice sushi roll...
Tunafish　Man: That's right! Now that you've learned your lesson, go back to Fujisawa!
General　Spareribs: Biiii!! I'm bii-sides myself, but it seems we have no choice but to retreat for now...
General　Spareribs: But don't think this is over! My dream of beefy world domination still lives!!
Renge: Ah... the pervert ran away...
Tunafish　Man: He did indeed. Now only we refined gentlemen and ladies remain.
Renge: No, I have you pretty firmly in the freak category as well...
Nanano: That was amazing! You drove off THE General Spareribs! Tunafish Man, you're really something else!!
Tunafish　Man: Fishuhuhuhuhu... It's all thanks to your brave support, young lady.
Tunafish　Man: And you as well, quick-witted young miss... Your advice was the key to my victory today. You have my thanks.
Renge: Yeah, yeah, whatever... Good work...
Tunafish　Man: Indeed. All right, you two. I expect you to be very careful about overfishing tuna in the future!
Renge: No need to worry, since we have absolutely no influence on that whatsoever.
Nanano: Tunafish Man, good luck! Please protect the next town too!
Tunafish　Man: But of course!
Tunafish　Man: Ah, I almost forgot... Please enjoy the leftover tuna scrape, you two.
Nanano: Whaaa!? Really!? Is that okay!?
Tunafish　Man: Yes. Don't worry, I've stuck on a date sticker for safety. It's freshly scraped from my body this very afternoon!
Nanano: Yaaay! What an awesome side dish! Onii-chan will flip out!
Renge: We're really going to eat that...?
Narration: ...And thus, thanks to Tunafish Man's efforts, the BBQ Empire's ambitions were thwarted once again...
Narration: But as long as General Spareribs still walks the earth, there can be no true peace...
Narration: Run, Tunafish Man! Fight, Tunafish Man!! As long as there are saltwater fish crying out for a savior, your battle will go on!!
Renge: The fish and meat used in the attacks were enjoyed by the staff after filming.
Makina: M'keh. We've got our standard conclusion! Everything wrapped up perfec'ly, as always...
Yuuji: So that's a complete story, then?
Makina: Yeah. Personally, I found it super-satisfyin'. Especially the new ultimate move.
Sachi: Indeed, today's episode was a roller coaster ride... I've still got goosebumps...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *So today's episode was of the so-called "heart-pounding," "edge of your seat" variety... apparently.*
Sachi: So, Kazami-san, what did you think of your first taste of Tunafish Man?
Makina: Yeah, I was just wonderin' that myself.
Yuuji: Let's see... It's a little difficult to put into words, but...
Yuuji: All said and done, it was definitely not a boring experience.
Narration: *It's no lie to say that I found the setting and plot truly... thought-provoking.*
Makina: Dang straight... Tunafish Man never, ever fails ta deliver thirty minutes of action-packed, must-see teevee...
Sachi: If you've gained an interest in the program, I have here a DVD with recordings of all episodes broadcast so far. You're welcome to it.
Yuuji: ...You're well prepared.
Sachi: It's only natural for the class representative.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *You can take the class rep out of the classroom, but it seems you can't take the zealous devotion to service out of the class rep.*
Makina: Siiiigh... I hope Tunafish Man comes to Mishima Cape someday...
Sachi: If he did, would you ask him for an autograph?
Makina: Good idea! I'm gonna go get some autograph paper and pens! I gotta be prepared for Tunafish Man's visit whenever it comes!
Sachi: Ah, wait, Maki-chan! I've got all that in my locker already...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *An ordinary low-budget television show just inspired a shut-in girl to vigorous action.*
Narration: *If you look at it that way, children's superheroes might have more redeeming value than immediately meets the eye.*
Amane: ...Huh? Hey, what are you doing out here?
Yuuji: Nothing much... Up until a minute ago, I was watching a show with Sachi and Makina.
Amane: Really, now...? Pretty rare for you to watch TV with those girls, Yuuji.
Yuuji: True enough. But there was something I'd been a little curious about for a while. Those two were educating me.
Amane: Hmmm... I see...
Yuuji: Incidentally, Amane... Tuna is good stuff, isn't it?
Amane: ...Sorry. What the heck are you talking about all of a sudden?
Yuuji: Well... I was pondering the topic of seafood, and the thought just popped into my head.
Amane: Pondering, huh...?
Yuuji: Anyway, if I asked for a negitoro bowl right now... could you maybe make one?
Amane: What's this? Yuuji asking me for something...? Where's this coming from?
Yuuji: Hrm... I'm aware it's pretty unusual, coming from me... but the fact is, I've developed a sudden craving for fatty tuna.
Amane: Mmm, I'm honestly curious about what's gotten you so fixated on tuna, but... Well, whatever.
Amane: You almost never let me spoil you, after all. As you wish, your kind big sis will make you a negitoro bowl full of love.♪
Yuuji: ...Yeah. I appreciate it.
Narration: *"Fresh-Fish Superman, Tunafish Man."*
Narration: *An eccentric superhero, decidedly unlike any other I've known...*
Narration: *But if the spirit of justice burning in his tasty breast can inspire the hopes and dreams of two girls in this dorm...*
Narration: *Well... in a world that's already overflowing with tales of heroism, one more can hardly hurt.*

Date: *July 3, 2011, 10:00 - Mishima Cape - Station Area*
Yumiko: Yes... Hello.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...I see. Today...?
Yumiko: I expect it'll be the usual routine? He'll just show up when he feels like it, talk down to everyone for a while, and then leave when he gets bored. It has nothing to do with me.
Yumiko: Goodbye...
Yumiko: *Sigh*...
Narration: *Sunday afternoon is a lazy time full of freedom, but for some reason it also seems to inspire a deep melancholy in many people.*
Narration: *I guess feeling a little down about the approach of Monday is understandable, but why waste the free time you have left by sinking into sentimental ennui? It's a very Japanese thing.*
Narration: *Because of my occupation, I've made a lot of friends overseas, where they tend to enjoy their days off without any of the gloom. To quote, "Why think about that nonsense when there's partying to do? Bwa ha ha!"*
Narration: *Probably as a result of spending so much time with those guys, I'm not the type who gets depressed or wistful on my days off.*
Narration: *But among my classmates at this school, there seem to be a few who suffer from the typical Japanese late-weekend blues. I can understand in theory, but it's honestly pretty hard to empathize.*
Makina: Eheheh! Finally completed th' set!
Narration: *Makina practically skips down the road, playing with a strange keychain.*
Yuuji: At a glance, that looks like a pretty plain little figurine... Is that thing really as rare as all that?
Makina: It's No. 14 in the Tunafish Man keychain series, Harbor Worker A!
Makina: Did ya notice the big kit bag he's carryin' on his shoulder? Super realistic! Truly a first-rate product!
Yuuji: Tunafish Man again...? I've got to keep an eye on that one.
Narration: *I'd been training my body as I usually do on the weekends, but Makina persistently hung around, pestering me to take her to the shopping district by the station... So here we are.*
Narration: *Lately, the girl's been furtively buying toys like this whenever she goes out with me. Probably because Amane gets mad when she wastes too much money on stupid crap.*
Yuuji: Don't mention this to Amane. She'll get cranky at me for encouraging your bad habits.
Makina: Let her say what she wants. There's no cure for a woman crazed by jealousy, ya know...
Yuuji: Throw a line from some daytime soap opera at me, will you? Amane really needs to stop watching that crap. No wonder she thinks like a fifty-year-old...
Makina: I'm quotin' you, Onii-chan.
Yuuji: Wha... What, me?
Narration: *Having assumed the bad influence of the "dirty old lady" Makina lives with was responsible for that line, I'm flustered to find the finger pointed at me instead.*
Narration: *Makina narrows her eyes to slits and turns to me with a smirk.*
Makina: Thought'cha could blame the little lady's coarse speech on someone else, huh? Sure shot yourself in th' foot on that one!
Yuuji: Guh...!
Makina: Maybe ya should be a little more careful about how you talk around impre-shun-able youths, Onii-chan.
Narration: *Apparently quite pleased about having cut me down to size, Makina cheerfully jogs on ahead of me.*
Narration: *Amane and the others did say that my behaviour has been influencing Makina, but hearing it outright from the girl herself is a bit of a shock. Seems I really do need to watch my step.*
Yuuji: I don't get it... In the workplace I was considered something of a moral exemplar...
Makina: Huh... Onii-chan, what's that?
Narration: *Makina suddenly stops a few steps ahead of me and points down the street.*
Yuuji: Hm?
Narration: *100 meters or so ahead, there's something unusual enough to halt even Makina's momentum.*
Narration: *In front of Mishima Cape Station, a cordon of jet-black luxury cars have blocked off the road where the local buses usually stop.*
Narration: *Ten-odd men wearing suits mill about the area, talking into cell phones, restlessly checking their watches, or discussing something in small groups.*
Narration: *For yakuza... they're too white-collar. They don't have the intimidating, aggressive body language characteristic of gangsters.*
Narration: *That said, this bunch aren't exactly inviting either. Most people would probably give them just as wide a berth.*
Makina: What th' heck is that?
Yuuji: Don't know. But whoever they are, they're not anyone we want to get involved with.
Makina: How can you tell?
Yuuji: If they were friendly, respectable guys, they wouldn't block the road in such a nakedly intimidating way.
Makina: You're right, they're kinda scary...
Narration: *I haven't often seen Makina admit to being frightened like this.*
Narration: *The girl's brave enough to grab snakes and centipedes with her bare hands, but something about that group seems to be bothering her quite strongly. She's obviously very uncomfortable.*
Narration: *...No reason to hang around here.*
Yuuji: ...All right, I think it's time we head back. Instead of those guys, maybe you should be worrying about the homework you haven't even started?
Makina: Ughh! Th' whole point of this trip was to forget about all that, ya know! You're pitiless, Onii-chan!
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah. Don't just stand there, let's get moving.
Makina: Ughgh...
Narration: *As Makina holds her head in her hands and moans, I poke her in the back, urging her down the street toward the dorm.*
Narration: *As she finally starts to walk, I shoot a quick glance back toward the station area.*
Narration: *The group of men in business suits has come to attention, facing the ticket gate in apparent anticipation.*
Narration: *Just now, a special express train seems to be pulling in. The station employees are running around making preparations of some sort.*
Narration: *Some sort of bigshot arriving...?*
Makina: Onii-chan, you're still lookin' at the station...?
Narration: *Makina looks up at me with a distinctly uneasy expression.*
Yuuji: It's nothing. Don't worry.
Narration: *I ruffle Makina's hair gently and do my best to reassure her.*
Narration: *We walk back to the school, still a little tense from our encounter with the mysterious group.*
Sachi: Ah, welcome back.
Narration: *When I enter the dorm with Makina, Sachi turns to greet us with her usual smile.*
Narration: *It may be the weekend, but apparently she's decided to spend it scrubbing the hallways clean. As always, our maid's zeal for her "duties" knows no bounds.*
Yuuji: Yo.
Makina: We have returned!
Sachi: Yes, I'm glad to see the two of you made it home safe. I've already drawn a hot bath, if you'd care to take advantage of it.
Sachi: Or perhaps... you'd prefer to take advantage of me? It might be slightly early in the day for night-time service, but...
Narration: *All of a sudden, I seem to have developed a ferocious headache. I press a hand to my forehead and close my eyes, but can't suppress a bitter grimace.*
Narration: *Makina is one thing, but Sachi too? Where did we go so wrong...?*
Makina: "Where did we go so wrong...?" A very good question, Onii-chan's face.
Yuuji: Don't go reading my inner monologue. What did you do to Sachi? This is your fault, I assume?
Makina: Whateva! C'mon, why don'tcha take her up on it? I've made her into a super-convenient slutty maid. Might as well take her fer a test drive!
Yuuji: Listen to me when I'm talking to you. Also, don't turn people into slutty maids.
Sachi: Maki-chan informed me that only those who offer service in body and soul are truly worthy of the name "maid."
Sachi: It was quite the startling revelation. I realized that my shallow efforts so far amount to nothing more than a superficial imitation of a true maid.
Yuuji: That's complete nonsense. Stop dancing on Makina's strings.
Sachi: From now on, I shall devote myself utterly to everyone's benefit!
Sachi: If it is requested of me... If it is your desire... I won't hesitate to service you sexually, Kazami-san! From now on, my mouth is always avai... Wah!
Narration: *I interrupt Sachi's outrageous proposal, grabbing her firmly by the scruff of the neck and lifting her off the ground.*
Makina: Whoa, Onii-chan, what the heck're ya doin'!?
Narration: *With the other hand, I seize the miscreant who's been putting troublesome ideas in her head.*
Narration: *My prey dangling from both hands, I bellow loudly enough for the entire dorm to hear.*
Yuuji: Get out here, Amane! Amannneee!
Amane: What the heck? I was in the middle of preparing dinner...
Narration: *Amane appears in no time at all. Still gripping a potato in one hand, she favors me with a look of undisguised annoyance.*
Yuuji: ...Hey. I'm a little concerned about something here. These girls are getting worse by the day. Might that possibly be my fault...?
Amane: ...What?
Amane: Uh, yes. Yes, that's your fault. Completely.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *I had a sense such a crisis might be approaching after Makina's words earlier, but it's still something of a blow to face my fears made reality.*
Amane: Since you arrived, Makina and Sacchan's personalities have taken a serious turn for the worse... Honestly, the mouth on these girls lately...
Makina: Well, my mouth might be gettin' worse, but my other holes... are gettin' in better shape, if ya know what I mean...
Makina: O-Owie, that hurts! This is dough-mess-tick violence, ya know!
Amane: ...So anyway, this right here? This is pretty clearly your fault.
Yuuji: Yeah, she obviously picked up that nonsense just now from a man, and I guess that means me. Sorry. I've seen the error of my ways.
Amane: Haa... Ah'm about ready t'give up on th' lot of you...
Narration: *Amane answers in exasperated Kansai dialect.*
Narration: *She seems to have concluded that my repentance isn't going to produce any real results, and I guess she's probably right.*
Narration: *But I'm now firmly convinced that my behavior has been a bad influence on my two younger classmates. I'll try to tone down the guy talk and stick to nice harmless chats about pasta. Or whatever.*
Michiru: Huh? What are you all doing here? Did something happen?
Yuuji: Hey, Amane. We have one here that doesn't seem to have been influenced by me in the least. Can I use her as mitigating evidence?
Amane: If you really think she helps your case, go right ahead and explain how.
Yuuji: Sorry, impossible. I throw myself on the mercy of the court.
Michiru: Wh-What the heck!? I don't really get it, but I think someone's calling me stupid again! That's it, right!? I'm not stupid!
Sachi: Yes, Michiru-sama, you're fine. Putting aside the matter of your stupidity, there's nothing to worry about.
Michiru: Don't put it aside! Also, don't tell me I'm "fine" just to shut me up!
Narration: *...In this case, an external influence or two could pretty much only be a good thing.*
Narration: *That said, the thought of Michiru remade in the image of Makina sends a cold shiver down my spine.*
Narration: *We've got nothing but eccentrics in this dorm as it stands. I'd really like to avoid adding that sort of hybrid super-pest to the mix.*
Makina: So, anyway. For some reason, there were lotsa scary-lookin' cars around the station today...
Narration: *Clinging to Amane, Makina reports the earlier events.*
Amane: Scary-looking? What? Super flashy lowrider cars? With some weird statue propped up in the passenger seat?
Yuuji: Nah, they weren't freaky-scary like something I could see you driving.
Amane: ...Yuuji, just what kind of a person do you think I am, anyway?
Makina: Anyway, they were scary, but not freaky-scary like somethin' I could see you drivin', Ama-nee.
Amane: ...This is also your fault, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Sorry. I've seen the error of my ways.
Amane: *Sigh*... So, how were the cars "scary," then?
Makina: They were super-shiny an' painted black... Even th' windows.
Michiru: Huh? If the windows are painted black, how would you see the road!?
Sachi: They're made of smoked glass, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Huh, what's that? They cook the glass over a fire?
Yuuji: Michiru, stop talking for a while.
Michiru: Why!? She said "smoked," so it makes sense! Why is it wrong!? Haven't you ever eaten smoked salmon or smoked cheese or whatever!?
Amane: ...I think I'm just going to change the subject now. Basically, they were luxury cars of some sort? Lexus or Toyota Century or something?
Makina: Yeah, tha's right.
Amane: Ah, wait, today's a... I get it now. You were shut up in the dorm the last few times, so I guess this would be your first time seeing the daimyo's procession.
Makina: Daimyo's procession...? What th' heck...?
Yuuji: Amane, I've been worried you might be the sort to stealthily hit the bottle in the kitchen when the kids' backs are turned... but things have progressed to the point of visual hallucinations...?
Amane: Okay, can y'NOT decide ah'm an alcoholic 'n five seconds flat!? It's a metaphor for that convoy of black cars, of course! Can y'really not figure that out for yourselves!?
Narration: *We're buffeted with roars of Kansai-inflected rage.*
Narration: *However, I've already tuned Amane out. I'm currently wondering about the one conspicuous absence from our group.*
Yuuji: By the way, I haven't seen Sakaki today... She out again?
Amane: ...Huh? Yuuji, haven't you heard about any of this stuff?
Yuuji: ...I don't know what "stuff" you're referring to. What does Sakaki's absence have to do with your alcoholism?
Amane: Drop th' alcoholism bit!
Sachi: Well... you see, today... Uhm...
Narration: *At my side, Sachi hesitantly begins to speak, but quickly falters to a stop.*
Yuuji: ...What, should I not have asked?
Michiru: It's not like it's a taboo topic or anything, but...
Narration: *For once, even Michiru has something of a restrained expression on her face.*
Amane: ...Sakaki-san isn't around because of the "parent-teacher conference."
Yuuji: Her parents are visiting the school? Even though it's a Sunday?
Amane: ...Precisely because it's a Sunday.
Yuuji: What...?
Amane: The daimyo's procession tends to be a spur-of-the-minute thing...
Yuuji: ...?
Principal: By train this time...? I see, so you'll be coming from the station...
Principal: Certainly... Yes, I understand. Right on schedule, then. Yes, Yumiko-san is in the dormitory, so she won't be at the school building...
Principal: Ah, please excuse me, I seem to have a visitor... Yes. Of course. In thirty minutes, then. Goodbye...
Principal: Come in.
Yuuji: Here I was, thinking the job of a principal consisted solely of signing off on paperwork. It seems I was mistaken. I owe you an apology.
Principal: ...The fact that you've increased your opinion of my job over a single phone call feels more insulting than anything else.
Yuuji: Anyway, there's something I wanted to ask you about.
Principal: ...Very well. But would you please have the good manners to close the door first?
Yuuji: Whoops, sorry about that.
Narration: *After swinging the overly ornate door shut, I wander over to the espresso machine and pour out two cups of coffee.*
Narration: *I set the cups down on the table - just the sort of dignified slab of wood you'd expect a raging giant monkey to fling dramatically through some window - then take my seat on a sofa.*
Principal: You're completely at home, aren't you...
Narration: *The principal grumbles a bit at my confident movements, but nonetheless sits down across from me without being asked.*
Principal: All right, what did you want to discuss with me?
Yuuji: Amane told me there's a "parent-teacher conference" taking place today.
Principal: "Parent-teacher conference...?" Ah, right. I see.
Yuuji: I think you're aware, but it's the weekend. There are no classes for anyone to sit in on, and there shouldn't be any teachers here to have a "conference" with. Weird enough, but on top of it all you're at the school for some reason.
Principal: Even though it's a day off...? Right.
Yuuji: ...Also, there was a clump of expensive jet-black cars sticking out like a sore thumb around the station this afternoon. And finally...
Principal: Finally?
Yuuji: I haven't seen Sakaki all day.
Principal: ......
Yuuji: I don't know much of anything about her background. But that aloof attitude makes me think her family environment is probably unusual.
Yuuji: Judging from the way the others reacted, all of this seems to be connected... Am I on the right track?
Principal: Suou-san and the others didn't explain?
Yuuji: It's a private matter, after all. I didn't feel comfortable dragging it out of them, so I came over to get the story from a more official source.
Principal: I see...
Narration: *The principal lets out a single sigh and stands up from the sofa. Opening a desk drawer, she takes out a brochure, then returns and drops it on the desk in front of me.*
Narration: *It's the familiar Mihama Academy admissions pamphlet.*
Principal: I showed this to you on the day you entered this school, yes?
Yuuji: Yeah... although I just flipped through it, really.
Narration: *This sort of "informational" brochure is generally packed with thinly-disguised advertising or obtuse legal disclaimers.*
Narration: *Either way, it tends to involve a lot of flowery, empty phrases, not genuine facts and figures. I'm not twisted enough to find pleasure in picking out all the lies and half-truths I can find in this sort of thing.*
Narration: *This pamphlet in particular was written about this truly bizarre academy of ours... I expect there's more lies than half-truths, and mostly pretty blatant ones at that.*
Principal: That so? Then you probably skipped over this part, I suppose.
Narration: *Principal Tachibana flips the pamphlet open to the first page.*
Narration: *Just as I'd expected, it's filled with pseudo-poetical sentences describing the school and its mission in highly exaggerated terms.*
Yuuji: Is there something in... Hmm?
Narration: *The principal's pointing to the opposite page.*
Narration: *On the upper half of the brochure, there's the words  "Principal - Tachibana Chizuru," accompanied by a weirdly formal photo portrait.*
Narration: *And then we have the "Chairman of the Board of the Trustees," accompanied by a different name:*
Narration: *"Sakaki Michiaki."*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...So this would be...?
Narration: *The principal nods deeply.*
Principal: That's correct. Mr. Sakaki Michiaki... Naturally, their family names are not the product of some freak coincidence.
Principal: He's Sakaki-san's father. He's coming to inspect the school today.
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Any minute now, I guess...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*...
Principal: How much do you know about Mr. Sakaki Michiaki?
Yuuji: As much as the next guy, no more. Haven't had any reason to look too deeply into him.
Narration: *Sakaki Michiaki is a name you'll find extremely frequently in the papers, magazines, and television news.*
Narration: *The East Beach Express Group, owners of a rail network with a prominent line running along the east coast of the Kanto region...*
Narration: *As this powerful corporate body's president, it's only natural that he's referenced in the media on a regular basis.*
Narration: *On the surface, he's the head of one of the leading Japanese business conglomerates and an extravagant multi-millionaire.*
Narration: *And behind the scenes, he's a heartless tyrant; ruthlessly wielding brute force to perpetuate the aggressive expansion of his company's rail network, he doesn't hesitate to shatter the lives of those who stand in his way.*
Narration: *In particular, there's a lot of talk about his borderline fraudulent tactics in acquiring land, apparently a legacy of the previous president. Under his leadership, the group has earned a friendly nickname: "Eager Bandit Express."*
Narration: *I'm really not particularly interested in that sort of gossip; the fact that I know his name anyway is a decent indication of just how much of an infamous celebrity this man is.*
Yuuji: ...Well, that's about the extent of my knowledge. I hope this is the part where you tell me I've gotten the wrong idea about the guy.
Principal: Unlike the media's fabricated image, he's actually a kind, friendly person... or something? Very common in fiction, but unfortunately, the reality isn't quite as pretty...
Narration: *The principal takes a brief sip of her coffee.*
Principal: He's pretty much exactly the sort of person the rumors would have you believe, but every once in a while he does visit his daughter's school on a whim. On paper, I suppose he's coming to spend some time with her, but...
Yuuji: That's not the case?
Principal: They haven't met face-to-face once since she came here, and he's visited three times already.
Principal: She... Sakaki-san actively refuses to see him.
Yuuji: There a reason for that?
Principal: To explain that, I'd have to get into the "circumstances" surrounding the founding of this school, which I may have mentioned before. In the first place...
Principal: ...Whoops, they'll be here soon.
Narration: *After stopping the alarm, the principal glances back at me.*
Principal: We can continue this discussion later... if you'd like.
Yuuji: No, I don't think that's a good idea.
Narration: *The man comes all the way out here to visit his daughter's school, then leaves without even meeting her?*
Narration: *From that behavior, it's pretty clear the story of Mihama Academy's founding is directly connected to Sakaki's past and family circumstances, even if the principal doesn't spell it out for me.*
Narration: *I don't think it would be right to hear anything more than this from a third party.*
Yuuji: I'm sure it involves those "complex reasons" she has for being here that you were hesitant to talk about last time.
Yuuji: That would mean you'd have to tell me things my classmate wants to keep to herself. And if you left the sensitive parts out, I'd end up with half an unpleasant story, which is just as bad.
Principal: ...I see. You're unexpectedly considerate toward your classmates.
Yuuji: No, I'm just looking to avoid making my life more complicated than it needs to be.
Narration: *I stand up from the couch and begin to move toward the door.*
Principal: I think Sakaki-san will most likely be on the roof of the dormitory today.
Narration: *But before I can make my exit, the principal's words bring me to a halt.*
Principal: As I said before, she's the one who refuses to meet with her father, but she doesn't lock herself up in her room or disappear into town for his visits.
Principal: When her father is here, she's always on the roof of the dorm, looking down to watch his perfunctory "inspection" of the school...
Yuuji: ...And you're telling me this why?
Principal: No one else is going to be there for her right now. You know how she is. The other kids have a hard time getting close to her at the best of times, but when her father's visiting she's prickly as a porcupine...
Principal: But I hear you've been interacting with her lately.
Yuuji: I don't know where you got that information, but it must be a pretty shaky source. I'm not any closer to Sakaki than any of the others are. If anything, it's the opposite.
Principal: Is that so...? Somehow, I got the idea you might show Sakaki-san a little kindness when she needs it...
Yuuji: Act on the basis of wishful thinking and you'll never get anything done... More importantly, don't you have a VIP to roll out the red carpet for?
Principal: ......
Yuuji: I'll be leaving now.
Narration: *I sort of sensed this in our previous conversation as well, but the principal seems to be expecting some sort of convenient chemical reaction between me and the other students.*
Narration: *Yes, I'm putting in effort toward creating something like a "student life" for myself, which means trying to maintain a basic standard of communication with my classmates.*
Narration: *But if that were to cross the line... If I were to push my way into their private lives... there's no way it would end well for anyone involved.*
Narration: *After all, we're talking about people driven into something very close to an isolation facility. In the worst case scenario, prying could quite literally be a lethal mistake.*
Narration: *If I ever get involved in their problems, it's only going to be when they reach out to me on their own initiative.*
Narration: *Since Sakaki hasn't shown any intention to do so, I'm not going to make the first move. And I'm convinced that's the correct policy.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...Damn it. That principal never gives me anything but trouble...
Amane: Think he'll be getting here any minute now.
Sachi: Well, I've completed a quick cleaning of the area around the dormitory...
Amane: You always keep it very nice, Sacchan. They wouldn't've complained either way.
Makina: Should we say hello or somethin'...?
Amane: ...I don't think that's a great idea. I don't want to badmouth someone else's dad, but to be honest, it probably wouldn't be that pleasant an experience.
Michiru: What, have you met Yumiko's dad before?
Amane: My old man's a chef, you know? He's got a lot of connections... So yeah, I ended up introducing myself to Sakaki's dad before I transferred over here.
Sachi: ...And it wasn't a particularly pleasant experience?
Amane: Well... I know this is kind of a cliche, but the man's eyes were ice-cold. Everything coming out of his mouth was polite, though. So polite it was kind of creepy.
Michiru: Either way, this whole thing seems kind of cruel. I know he has his company or whatever, but he only ever bothers to come on weekends? And then he's gone just like that?
Amane: Well, yeah. Since it's all for show...
Makina: Smells like th' sorta grown-up I ain't too fond of.
Amane: Yeah. Well, it's not like he's coming to see us, and it'll only last an hour or so. Let's just deal with it, okay?
Michiru: ...By the way, where's Yuuji? He said he was going to see the principal, but that was a while ago and he hasn't come back.
Amane: Now that you mention it... I wonder where he's gotten off to?
Principal: Chairman, it's been a while. A pleasure to see you again.
Michiaki: Yeah. It's been what, two... three months since our meeting in Tokyo?
Principal: ...Might I ask what brings you here today...?
Michiaki: Do I need a specific reason to visit the school I built?
Principal: ...No, that's not what I meant to imply...
Michiaki: I'm inspecting the region and had the opportunity to stop by. I feel the need to visit this place personally when I can. Think of it as my attempt to show contrition for pushing my problem onto you.
Principal: ...I... see.
Michiaki: I don't have much time. Let's follow the same route as always.
Principal: ...Uhm, I had tentatively decided a course of inspection, if you'd care to...
Michiaki: The same route as always will be fine. I don't need to see anything else, which means I'm not going to waste my time doing so.
Principal: ...Yes.
Michiaki: ...Let's get going, then.
Amane: It's kind of like getting a high-maintenance power plant built in your back yard all of a sudden, I think.
Sachi: This academy appears that way to the people of the city?
Amane: It's not usually going to cause any problems, but there's always that fear of the worst-case scenario. The locals are naturally going to feel pretty worried about it.
Michiru: Assuming we're a meltdown just waiting to happen is pretty rude, if you ask me!
Amane: ...But we're all here for a reason, you know? And they know that.
Michiru: ...Well...
Sachi: ......
Amane: Anyway, that's why they do these phony inspections. The big boss comes down and wanders around for a while, just to reassure the public that everything's fine. No impending meltdown here!
Makina: Just like that one minister who ate the radishes with the E. coli an' stuff!

Amane: ...More or less. Honestly, if they don't do something like this pretty regularly, there's no telling when someone might start agitating to get the school closed.
Sachi: Are we a nuisance...?
Amane: Nuh-uh, absolutely not. But we do have to be careful to stay on our best behavior in town, and keep ourselves out of everyone's hair when the boss does come...
Michiru: ...Yeah.
Amane: That said, this is definitely a lot harder on Sakaki-san than it is on any of us.
Sachi: I'm sure that it is...
Yumiko: ...Done with the school building already, it seems...
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *As soon as I open the door to the rooftop, I'm met with a piercing glare.*
Narration: *Much like the last time we met here, Sakaki is standing straight as an arrow near the edge of the roof, her hair dancing in the sea breeze.*
Narration: *But unlike last time, there's undisguised hostility in her eyes.*
Yuuji: ...Yo.
Narration: *Holding eye contact, I answer her sharp gaze with a light greeting.*
Narration: *She's clearly on her guard, so I stop my approach with a good distance still separating us.*
Yumiko: ...The same as last time?
Yuuji: ...What are you talking about?
Yumiko: The reason you're here. I'd like to know if this is a coincidence or not.
Narration: *The reason I'm here, of course, is that I was slightly worried about a certain woman I knew to be brooding all by herself.*
Narration: *Thanks to that meddlesome principal's unsolicited tip, I knew Sakaki's location. And having been handed that information, the idea of leaving her up here alone started to feel strangely unpleasant.*
Narration: *Of course, if I told Sakaki the plain truth in this situation, there's no doubt she'd aggressively reject my concern.*
Yuuji: A coincidence, of course. I did hear today was a slightly "special" day, though.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *So instead, I offer up a vague mixture of lies and truth.*
Narration: *The ball's in Sakaki's court now.*
Yumiko: ...In that case, please leave me alone. I don't feel like talking.
Yuuji: Don't worry. I didn't start the conversation last time either, remember?
Yumiko: ...True enough.
Narration: *Sakaki breaks her sidelong glare in my direction, her gaze returning to the ground below.*
Narration: *Since the dorm is only a three-story building, the people below are clearly visible from our vantage point on the rooftop.*
Narration: *Just now, the principal is leading a man in an expensive-looking dark gray suit and what seems to be his entourage in our direction.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki purses her lips tightly.*
Narration: *As the approaching figures draw closer, she pulls herself back from the edge of the roof just far enough that she can't be seen from the ground.*
Narration: *Her placement clearly conveys her desire to observe and her absolute rejection of being observed in return.*
Michiaki: Hahahahaha...
Narration: *There's a voice from below.*
Narration: *I casually glance toward the sound. The man in the expensive suit has a fake smile plastered across his face.*
Narration: *His laughter is utterly hollow, to the point that it's actually physically unpleasant to hear.*
Narration: *It's the forced laugh of a person who hasn't known real amusement in a very long time.*
Yumiko: ......!
Narration: *Sakaki flinches at the sound.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *She opens her mouth ever so slightly, takes a few small breaths, then closes it again.*
Narration: *Her sharp gaze is clearly focused on the man in the expensive suit.*
Narration: *She watches the man fixedly as he struts along confidently next to the principal. It's the expression of someone sizing up an old and bitter enemy, but there's also something like sadness there.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *We haven't been formally introduced or anything, but it seems safe to say the man in the suit is her father, Sakaki Michiaki.*
Narration: *Compared to the man in the pamphlet, he seems slightly scrawnier, but I'm willing to bet that's just the result of some subtle photographic retouching by his PR people.*
Narration: *Yumiko simply stares down at him in silence.*
Narration: *Those aren't... or shouldn't be... the eyes of someone looking at their father.*
Narration: *That said, they're not full of murderous rage either.*
Narration: *Her eyes are just sad. Sad and empty.*
Principal: All right, we've now more or less seen everything...
Narration: *At the principal's words, the group stops just a little distance from the dormitory.*
Michiaki: Yes, I think we're done here... But before I'm on my way...
Narration: *He turns to his side, fixing the principal with a cold-eyed stare.*
Michiaki: ...I assume... the girl is still refusing to see me?
Principal: ......
Principal: ...Yes, I'm afraid so. Quite firmly...
Michiaki: Hmph...
Narration: *With a single irritated grunt, the Chairman turns on his heel and begins to walk off.*
Narration: *He strides toward the front gate with his party, exuding overbearing haughtiness to the end. He doesn't look back.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki stares, unblinking, at his quietly retreating figure.*
Narration: *There's no particular emotion on her face now. She simply watches until the end.*
Yumiko: ...Haa...
Narration: *When his distant figure reaches the school building and finally passes completely from view, Sakaki drops both hands to the iron rail, leans forward, and heaves a heavy sigh.*
Narration: *She stays that way for a long time, looking straight down at the concrete beneath her feet.*
Narration: *The sea breeze picks up after a long interruption. Salty air rushes past us from behind.*
Narration: *Sakaki's long hair and school uniform flap noisily in the wind.*
Narration: *When the gust dies down, there's a moment of perfect silence.*
Yumiko: You really don't... plan to ask me anything, do you...?
Narration: *Sakaki mutters a few words to the concrete beneath her feet.*
Narration: *There's a hint of weakness in her voice.*
Yuuji: That's right.
Narration: *I offer a concise reply.*
Yuuji: I'm not tactless enough to poke my nose into other people's business out of mere curiosity.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: I think we've been over this. I'm not going to ask you anything. But if you have something you want to talk about, I'm willing to listen.
Narration: *I don't know what Sakaki really wants from me right now.*
Narration: *But I think her words pretty clearly indicate that she was hoping I'd ask her... something.*
Narration: *Of course, that doesn't mean I now have free reign to barrage her with questions.*
Narration: *That isn't why I'm here in the first place.*
Narration: *"Why won't you see your father?"*
Narration: *"Is there a reason you're in this school?"*
Narration: *"What exactly do you think about Sakaki Michiaki?"*
Narration: *There are plenty of things I'm interested in knowing. But it's not like dragging the answers out of her is going to change anything.*
Narration: *If explaining things would offer Sakaki some relief, as her classmate I'm willing to ask those questions.*
Narration: *But as long as I don't know that for sure, throwing my curiosity at her would exceed good-natured meddling and land solidly in the territory of outright prying.*
Yumiko: ...I believe I finally understand how you think.
Yuuji: Sorry if you find my reasoning unpleasant. This is just my personality.
Yumiko: I wouldn't say "unpleasant." At the very least, you seem to be different from the people I've had around me up until now...
Narration: *From Sakaki's expression, I can understand she doesn't mean that in a negative way.*
Narration: *Her usual harsh, prickly aura of rejection seems to have softened somewhat.*
Yumiko: If I ever feel the need to talk, would you listen?
Yuuji: Like I just said, talk all you want. I'm not going to stop you.
Yumiko: ...I see. I'll make a note.
Narration: *Sakaki pushes herself away from the railing and walks across to the door.*
Yumiko: ...All right then. Goodbye.
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *Sakaki's slender hand throws the door open with surprising firmness.*
Narration: *As soon as she's inside, it closes solidly behind her.*
Narration: *The wind picks up again, gusting strongly across the rooftop.*
Narration: *A few stray grains of sand from the nearby beach blow into my face.*
Yuuji: Guess I'll head back myself...
Narration: *I'm not going to pretend to understand Sakaki right now.*
Narration: *But if my arrival at this school, this dorm... my entrance into her life... can end up working to her advantage somehow, I think I'd like to make that happen. Simple as that.*
Narration: *...Right now, the fact that I'm living this carefree, peaceful life fills me with guilt. It's a burden I carry with me every waking moment.*
Narration: *If I can lighten that load of self-condemnation slightly by doing some half-assed pseudo-counselor volunteer work, then there's something in it for me as well.*
Narration: *Of course, the way I'm thinking about this in such a calculating, mercenary way adds a whole new layer of guilt on top of it all...*
Yuuji: On second thought, I don't know if I should be counseling anyone...
Narration: *Slowly descending the stairs, I mutter quietly to myself.*
Narration: *―Sinking deeper into a Sunday afternoon melancholy that has nothing to do with the approaching workweek, I continue my little soliloquy for some time.*

Date: *July 4, 2011, 12:13 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *―Early afternoon on a clear, ferociously hot summer day. Even in our air-conditioned classroom, the temperature is pushing 90 degrees...*
Narration: *Amane slumps forward over her desk, panting, her tongue lolling out of her mouth. She resembles nothing so much as a broken-down old dog tied up in the sun.*
Amane: ...Aargh... why does summer have to exist...?
Makina: Today's a scorcher fer sure! When it gets this hot, lotsa stuff starts ta swell up! Thermal expansion, ya know?
Amane: ...Why are you looking at me...?
Makina: Ama-nee, were ya maybe born on a tropical island? Like, I dunno... Jurassic Park?
Amane: ...My body size has nothing to do with heat!
Sachi: Yes, I've actually heard that gigantism is more common among creatures that live in a cold climate...
Makina: Oh, so she's more of a mammoth than a dinosaur?
Amane: ...Uh... look here, you...
Yuuji: Amane grew up big because she has a healthy appetite, plain and simple. Just this morning I saw her pop Makina's leftovers into her mouth. Don't think she even knew she was doing it.
Amane: ...Ugh... c'mon, I mean... it's a waste to just throw them out, you know...?
Michiru: Hey, Amane, were you by any chance really chubby as a kid?
Amane: Nah, not really. I've definitely been tall since I was a kid, but I used to be a real scrawny little beanpole...
Makina: Ya serious...?
Amane: ...Kindly stop pinching my love handles now.
Sachi: This voluptuous bit of excess flesh is quite luscious... I must admit, I'm slightly envious.
Michiru: If you used to be a scrawny beanpole, how'd you get so pleasantly plump?
Amane: Mmm... Well, there was this period of time where I didn't get anything decent to eat, and ever since then my metabolism has been totally different...
Michiru: What, did you go on some crash diet?
Amane: Diet isn't quite the right word, but... Mmm, well, something kind of similar I guess?
Amane: Anyway, I came pretty close to dying from malnutrition... And after that, my body started storing fat like crazy.  
Amane: All of a sudden I was gaining seven kilograms in a single month just by eating the same way I did before. It was a bit of a shock...
Michiru: But you're not exactly fat, you know?
Amane: Right, because I exercise and count my calories. If I let myself go I'd probably be a mass of flab in no time...
Yumiko: ...Would you mind going into more detail...?
Amane: Huh? What? You put on a few pounds? Look, you need to stop eating that instant stuff. If you go making yakisoba every time your stomach starts growling in the middle of the night, of course you're going to gain weight.
Yumiko: ...I-It's not like I've put on that much weight, I'm just...
Amane: Aargh... so friggin' hot... I mean, is this goddamn AC even working? God, ah hate summerrrrr! Gahh! Death t'summer! Off with 'is head!
Makina: ...Aah... Ama-nee's breakin' down.
Yuuji: The heat only gets to you because you lack willpower. Go take a nice long run outside and I bet you'll feel a lot cooler.
Amane: ...You are so full of it...
Sachi: But it's undeniable that Kazami-san isn't sweating at all... Is he a cyborg, perhaps?
Yuuji: I've spent plenty of time in hotter climates. A heat wave like this doesn't bother me at this point.
Yuuji: It's all about getting yourself accustomed to it. If you run outside in the summer and get your body temperature up, after a while you won't be breaking a sweat in heat like this. Of course, I'm speaking from experience. That's...
Amane: ..."That's a rule of mine," right? You know, the problem with you isn't that you're full of crap. It's that your crap sounds weirdly realistic, to the point that you almost convince me to try it out...  
Makina: ...Hmm... maybe I'll go runnin' for a bit...?
Amane: Look what you've done now. You know we've got a slow-witted little copy-cat here, so don't say weird stuff!
Yuuji: ...What? Did I say something weird?
Narration: *I turn around in search of support, but no one makes eye contact.*
Narration: *You've let me down, everyone. Is this the "bystander effect" at work...?*
Michiru: Well, anyway. It's hot enough today to make anyone melt, even if you're not as sensitive as Amane. Definitely beach weather. I could really go for a swim right about now.
Makina: ...Th' beach?
Michiru: What? You ARE familiar with the word "beach," right?
Makina: Hmmya? I know what th' beach is, and I've seen the sea plenty of times... Just never really thought about swimmin' in it...
Amane: Aah, come to think of it... we did go to the beach once, but it was just Sakaki-san, Michiru, and me back then.
Yumiko: ...Yes... a bitter memory...
Michiru: Hey! What are YOU complaining about!? I'm the one who got the worst of it!
Amane: That was a lot of fun...
Yuuji: ...There seems to be something of a divergence of opinion on that.
Yumiko: No... True enough, the beach itself was enjoyable. And thanks to that trip, I suppose things did become significantly less awkward between us...
Michiru: Screw that! I still have nightmares about that day, you know!?
Makina: What th' heck happened?
Yumiko: It's difficult to express in words... Until you've experienced that yourself, I don't think you'll ever truly understand...
Sachi: When you put it in such dramatic terms, it only makes me more curious...
Amane: Alright! Let's all go to the beach sometime soon! We can take Principal Tachibana's car.
Yuuji: I don't mind... but doesn't that car only seat five?
Narration: *Sakaki, Michiru, Amane, Makina, Sachi, and me. There's six students alone, and presumably the principal would be coming along as well. There's no way we'd all fit.*
Amane: So we'll get another and split up.
Yuuji: What, a rental car or something...?
Amane: Nah, we can just use the school's. There's another one in the maintenance building garage, we'll just borrow that.
Yuuji: Is that really something they're going to loan out to us?
Amane: No problem, I've borrowed it a few times before. I'll take care of all that.
Yuuji: Okay, but who's going to drive it?
Amane: I will. Don't worry, I've got a license.
Yuuji: You do...?
Amane: You just leave everything to me.
Narration: *Amane cheerfully thumps her chest in confidence. Our two younger classmates rejoice energetically, but Sakaki and Michiru are strangely silent. The looks on their faces concern me slightly.*
Makina: Th' beach! I can't wait!
Sachi: Shall we make a picnic lunch for the trip? Or perhaps a barbecue on the beach would be nice...
Narration: *It was a pretty spur-of-the-moment plan, born out of nothing more than Amane's desire to escape the heat. But since we have some people looking forward to it now, I guess we might as well make it happen.*
Narration: *But for us to take a group trip to a suitable beach is probably going to require something in the way of official permission. Specifically, the principal of our school, Tachibana Chizuru, will have to be on board.*
Narration: *I'm sure she'll have some resistance to the idea of a group of her potentially unstable students running around outside, but I've got the feeling she'll agree if we take her along as a chaperone.*
Narration: *My guess would be that she won't object too strongly. It's not like she has anything better to do with her time.*
Date: *July 4, 2011, 12:50 - Mihama Academy - Hallway*
Narration: *―I know enough about the job at this point to conclude with confidence that a principal's work is pretty damn boring.*
Narration: *Of course, that's an evaluation from my personal perspective. It's always possible that Chizuru relishes pushing paper around. For all I know, this job could be her very reason for living.*
Narration: *If that's the case, I really shouldn't barge in and interrupt her too often. But since I have business with her, today I've got no choice.*
Narration: *However, there's no cause for concern. I may not be the world's most skilled communicator, but even I know that a friendly, polite greeting goes a long way toward smoothing over this sort of minor faux pas.*
Yuuji: Hey. Sorry to interrupt you when you're having so much fun!
Principal: Wh-What on earth? Knock before you come in! And "fun"...? I wasn't doing anything weird in here, for your information!
Yuuji: ...Hmph... No need to say any more, Chizuru. I'm well aware that you're very much enjoying yourself in the privacy of this office. Although I can't say I understand the appeal, personally.
Principal: Wha... Wait a second here. What are you talking about!? Don't tell me... You were watching!?
Yuuji: Whatever could you be talking about?
Principal: ...You really were watching...
Yuuji: Well, never mind about that. There's something I wanted to talk to you about. I need a favor.
Principal: Are you trying to blackmail me!?
Yuuji: ...??? What are you getting all worked up about? Calm yourself, Chizuru. You'll hit menopause early if you're this stressed out all the time, you know?
Principal: ............
Yuuji: ...Oh... you're already...?
Principal: How rude can one person possibly be!? I am not THAT old yet, thank you very much!
Yuuji: I see. My bad. Well, I know it's none of my business, but you're a beautiful woman, Chizuru. No need to resign yourself to a future as an old maid just yet.
Principal: ...Are you trying to compliment me or insult me? I'm genuinely curious.
Yuuji: I'm complimenting you, of course. If I'd been born five years earlier, I'm sure I would've proposed by now.
Principal: ...Hey, cut it out... You shouldn't joke about things like that...
Yuuji: Okay then, I guess that's enough kidding around...
Principal: It really was a joke!?
Yuuji: I wasn't joking when I said that you're a beautiful woman. Anyway, hear me out for a minute.
Principal: ...What the heck... Geez...
Yuuji: What's the matter? Your face is slightly flushed. Diarrhea?
Principal: Hurry up and tell me what you want! I don't have all day myself, all right!?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... Actually, I'm hoping to take everyone on a group outing to the beach sometime soon.
Principal: ...The beach?
Yuuji: For one thing, it seems Makina's never played in the ocean. And let's face it, at the moment you've got a bunch of pale weaklings for students. They tend to avoid healthy outdoor recreation like the plague.
Yuuji: Don't you think we should try to do something about that? This might be a good start.
Principal: Well... I suppose...
Yuuji: So I thought I'd drag the lot of them out into the sun for a while. Dress it up as a picnic on the beach or whatever. But after thinking it over, I'm a little worried about having them running wild out there.
Yuuji: Naturally, there's a limit to how close an eye I can keep on them by myself. So I was hoping you'd come along too, Chizuru.
Principal: You want me to come...?
Yuuji: Yes. I could really use a reliable woman like you along on this one.
Principal: ...Hmmm...
Yuuji: I know you're busy, Chizuru. When you get down to it, I'm trying to take advantage of your kindness here. I know it's selfish of me. But even so...
Yuuji: Even so, I'd like you to come to the beach with me... but I'll understand if you say no.
Principal: ...I didn't... say anything yet, okay? But... I'm not sure there's any reason for me to participate in an independently-planned student event...
Yuuji: Are you listening to what I'm saying to you? I want to go to the beach with you. That's reason enough for me. Don't overthink this.
Principal: ...With me...?
Yuuji: That's right.
Principal: ...Fine, fine... When's the trip...?
Yuuji: Appreciate it, Chizuru.
Principal: ...You're a little TOO good at sweet-talking older women, you know that? I feel like I've been taken for a bit of a ride here...
Yuuji: Are you angry about being manipulated?
Principal: ...Forget it... I know what you're getting at. Deceiving me as a woman at least means you're treating me like a woman, right? Well, I suppose it's too late to complain now. I'll allow you to manipulate me this time.
Yuuji: I'll let you know about the details later. Would you mind driving one of the cars?
Principal: Yes, fine. I imagine that's the reason you even bothered to ask me along in the first place.
Yuuji: ...Hmm? Damn. You caught on.
Principal: You're supposed to deny that. When you're deceiving a woman, it's only polite to keep deceiving her to the end.
Yuuji: I'll make a note...
Narration: *"Always be honest with women."*
Narration: *Those were my master's words.*
Narration: *No matter how painful the truth you're communicating is, you have to start from a position of honest discussion, or you'll never be able to truly resolve your differences.*
Narration: *A very bold and straightforward opinion indeed, typical of my master's way of thinking. But I don't understand why it applies to women in particular.*
Narration: *On the other hand, a certain busybody German woman told me quite the opposite: "Lie to women. It's the kinder choice."*
Narration: *Women aren't really eager to learn the ugly truth. Even if they know you're lying, they'll choose to accept the deception so long as they have a reason to do so.*
Narration: *I guess Chizuru's opinion would be closer to JB's.*
Narration: *Frankly, it's a real pain in the ass to try to anticipate when a woman would prefer a white lie and when they want the truth. But I guess that sort of consideration is an inevitable part of forming functional relationships...*
Narration: *And that sort of troublesome woman is supposed to be cute precisely because she's kind of a pain in the ass. I can't say I feel that way right now, but that's probably just proof that I'm still a kid.*
Narration: *In any case, it seems that I've managed to secure our transportation.*
Narration: *The next order of business would probably be to decide what we're going to do once we get there... But there's probably no need for me to worry too much about that.*
Narration: *In the first place, the only beach activities that I can think of involve someone screaming "Keep your heads down, goddammit! You trying to get yourselves killed, maggots?" as I crawl across the sand.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, why am I so damn eager to go to the beach? It's just going to bring back a lot of memories tinged with the scent of gunpowder...*
Narration: *―This is no good...*
Narration: *I like to lecture people about acting on the assumption of the worst-case scenario, but when I'm by myself like this, that rational habit all too often transforms into unproductive pessimism...*
Narration: *If I'm going to live normally, I need to acquire the habit of thinking less.*
Narration: *The most I should be anguishing over before a trip to the beach is the color of Hawaiian shirt I'm going to wear.*
Narration: *If I think too much, everything about my life right now starts to feel like a complete farce, and I end up sinking into self-loathing.*
Narration: *I asked for this. I sought out normality. It'd be idiotic to run from it now.*
Narration: *I want peace, so I refuse to face the ugliness in myself. I want change, so I reject the happiness of a carefree existence. I'm a mess of contradictory impulses. But I guess that's just another way to say "human being."*

Date: *July 4, 2011, 14:03 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Michiru: Hey, do you have a second? We need to talk.
Narration: *I'm sitting in my chair, immersed in a book, when a certain bottle-blond cautiously strikes up a conversation. Makina's standing at her side, a somewhat awkward expression on her face.*
Narration: *Dropping the autobiography of the ex-idol Chigasaki Megumi face down onto my desk, I turn my attention to the two of them.*
Yuuji: What's up? If you're looking to confess your love, wouldn't a meeting behind the gym make for a better atmosphere? Either way, two at once is a new one... It seems I'm something of a lady-killer.
Michiru: O-Of course that's not it! There's something I've been thinking about telling you for a while now. I'm here because I decided to come out and say it.
Yuuji: If you have something to say to me, feel free. I'll listen, if nothing else.
Michiru: Okay, Yuuji. Here's the thing...
Yuuji: Hrm?
Michiru: You are seriously hard to talk to!
Yuuji: ...Hrm?
Michiru: You're always giving off this "I'm no ordinary man" aura, so it's really hard to casually approach you. I think we need to work on fixing that antisocial atmosphere of yours. Back me up here, Makina.
Makina: Hmmm. I dunno about that myse...
Michiru: ANY-way! We've come up with a nice little plan to help you out. Heheheh. Pretty clever stuff, if I do say so myself.
Narration: *Since entering this school I've been consciously trying to act like an "average student," but apparently my efforts haven't been that successful.*
Narration: *I might be wearing sheep's clothing, but I guess the scent of a wolf can't be disguised so easily.*
Yuuji: What's this "nice plan" of yours? I hope it doesn't involve dressing me up in a skirt and dragging me into the bathroom for girl talk. I can probably still squeeze into a size eight, but I've had enough of that for one lifetime.
Michiru: Of course not! But thanks SO much for that mental image!
Michiru: You know how Makina calls me "Chiruchiru," right? We think you should have some sort of nickname like that too!
Yuuji: A nickname, you say?
Michiru: A nickname! The loving words that bring people closer every time they're spoken... A nickname! The affection of your friends, compressed snugly into a neat package...
Michiru: A nickname! The final ray of hope in a world filled with darkness. The most exciting of epitaphs, the nickest of names!
Yuuji: An epitaph? You planning on writing my obituary?
Michiru: You know what I meant! Anyway, I have decided to bestow on you the beautiful gift of your very own glorious nickname! Well? Feel free to rejoice! Come, roar your joy to the heavens!
Yuuji: A name is nothing more than an arbitrary label to distinguish one individual from another. I suppose you're free to attach affection to it if you want, but personally I don't see any particular need to do so.
Michiru: Oh, shut up. Even if YOU don't think you need a nickname, I've decided you should have one, so you no longer have a choice in the matter.
Yuuji: I see. What sort of a nickname were you thinking of?
Makina: Chiruchiru roped me into a brainstormin' session about that just now.
Michiru: Indeed. Working off your characteristic attitude, physical appearance, and personality type, we thought up a fantastic nickname that elegantly expresses every element that defines you!
Yuuji: Well, go ahead and say it. I'll hear you out.
Michiru: That name is...
Michiru: Mr. Standoffish Man!
Michiru: ...Wh-What's with that scowl!?
Yuuji: Do you seriously plan to use that name every single time you talk to me?
Michiru: Yeah. What's the problem? "Hey, Mr. Standoffish Man, pass me that eraser." "Ah, Mr. Standoffish Man, pass me that ham." Look, perfectly natural!
Michiru: I think it's got a particularly lovely ring to it when ham-passing is involved!
Makina: It's such a friggin' pain to say... and I dunno if it really expresses his personality that well, ya know?
Michiru: Huh? Seems like a pretty clear and precise summary to me.
Yuuji: If I'm going to be passing you ham on a regular basis, I can't be as standoffish as all that.
Michiru: Shaddup, you. That was purely hypothetical!
Yuuji: Anyway, if you're going to start giving people nicknames for being antisocial, shouldn't you start with Sakaki? She's not the most approachable person either, wouldn't you say?
Michiru: Ugh, that's true, I guess. But, I mean...
Makina: Look, we've all got diff'rent impressions of each other anyway. How about we just play around with th' name instead?
Michiru: That's it! Brilliant! We'll play around with his name instead... Heheh, I'm just full of ingenious thoughts today!
Yuuji: Most of them seem to be shamelessly stolen from Makina.
Michiru: Kazami Yuuji... Gah, what a painfully dull name. How am I supposed to make this fun...?
Yuuji: Is there any reason it has to be "fun?" I can't see one.
Michiru: Of course there is! It's obviously better if saying it makes you feel happy. A fun nickname makes every conversation more pleasant!
Makina: Happy, huh...? How 'bout this, then?
Makina: Juicy-Yuuji!
Michiru: Oooh! That's... close, but no cigar!
Makina: Why no cigar?
Michiru: I must admit, it has a musical resonance to it. Indeed, Juicy-Yuuji rolls off the tongue! But unfortunately, Yuuji isn't really the "juicy" type.
Michiru: You know what I mean? When you say juicy, you think of the luscious sparkle of juice freshly wrung from the fruit. That's not Yuuji at all!
Michiru: If anything, he's more like a prune, right? Sort of... dried out.
Yuuji: Why don't you tell me what you really think, punk? Don't worry, I'm thick-skinned.
Michiru: Huh!? No, no, I'm not insulting you! Y-You know, dried in a good way, like a nice sun-dried raisin! A, uh, calming and reliable presence!
Yumiko: Excuse me. I don't know what you're talking about, but could you try to keep it down? I can't concentrate on my book.
Makina: Ah, Ms. Standof― ...Hrmf, mrfh.
Narration: *Michiru hurriedly closes her hands around Makina's mouth before any problematic words can emerge. The girl may be an idiot, but the speed with which she reacts to situations like these is admirable.*
Michiru: S-Sorry about that. I know! Yumiko, come help us think up a nickname for Yuuji!
Yumiko: A nickname? For Kazami-kun? Why?
Michiru: What do you mean, why? It's obviously better that he have one, right? Come on, I bet you want to give it a try too. Don't you feel that rare pulse of excitement coursing through your veins?
Yumiko: I'm sorry, but I'm not interested.
Michiru: Wha-!? Don't say that! You don't have to put any effort into it! C'mon, just try it out for the heck of it!
Yumiko: T-Try it out? But I...
Michiru: Yeah, yeah. Completely no effort whatsoever required. I'm sure Yuuji will be happy if you give it a shot!
Yumiko: ...Hmmm.
Yumiko: ......Hmmmm.
Narration: *After a lengthy period of deliberation, Sakaki reaches her answer.*
Yumiko: Juicy-Yuuji?
Michiru: Wha-!? No way, you too!?
Makina: What'd I tell ya!? He's juicy after all!
Yumiko: Or perhaps... Yujiyuji?
Michiru: Y-Yujiyuji? Yumiko, you're, uh, surprisingly...
Yumiko: Do you have something you'd like to say to me?
Michiru: No no, Sakaki-san. Nothing at all. Uh, it's a lovely nickname.
Yumiko: ...Please stop bothering me now. I'm trying to read.
Michiru: Ugh, what is wrong with that girl? But Yujiyuji... Indeed, a worthy candidate. All right, Yuuji. Which do you want for your nickname?
Yuuji: "Which?" Don't tell me you expect me to choose one of those?
Michiru: Of course I do! We worked hard to think of those names! They're our thoughtful gifts to you! So now you're going to choose one, got it!?
Yuuji: I seem to remember you saying no effort whatsoever was required.
Michiru: S-Shaddup, you! We put a lot of hard work requiring no effort whatsoever into those nicknames!

Yuuji: To be honest, I think I'd rather be addressed as a number.
Michiru: Wha, why!? It's nice! It's wonderful! My, What A Lovely Name You Have There. Why, it's enough to make me positively jealous.
Yuuji: Jealous, are you? In that case, allow me to give you a nickname as well.
Michiru: Huh? No, u-uh, I... I already have the wonderful nickname "Chiruchiru," you know? I'd feel guilty about taking two.
Yuuji: The more nicknames the merrier, in my opinion. Back me up here, Makina.

Yuuji: All right. First off, let's see if we can come up with anything based off your appearance.
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: D-Don't stare at me like that. W-What a perv...
Yuuji: I've decided. From this day forth, you are "Dirty-Blond."
Michiru: Whaaaa!? Wait a second, that's... That's really mean! A-After all the effort I put in to get it dyed this nicely? That's just slander!
Yuuji: It's not slander, it's an objective description of your appearance! Listen up, Dirty-Blond! When you confer a nickname on someone, it's only natural to expect the same treatment in return! I suggest you remember that.
Yuuji: That said, I'm a man of mercy. If you dislike the name that much, I suppose I can give you another.
Michiru: Yes, do, please! Please come up with something else.
Yuuji: All right then, I'll transform the name Michiru...
Michiru: Transform it... into what?
Yuuji: ...Mitcher.
Michiru: !!
Michiru: T-Too frigging weird!! It's not insulting or anything, but it feels unbelievably wrong somehow! And yet, it's clearly based off my name...
Michiru: What a masterfully terrible nickname! I don't even know how to react right now! This is the first time I've ever had such mixed feelings!
Yuuji: Okay, Makina. Make sure everyone knows to call Michiru "Mitcher" from now on.

Yuuji: Oh, I've got nothing on you, Mitcher.
Sachi: Uhm, is it true that the two of you are changing your names? I heard from Maki-chan, but this is all so sudden... I found it difficult to believe.
Mitcher: Nobody's changing their name! We were just making up nicknames, okay!?
Sachi: Ah, is that all? I was sincerely concerned you might have done something so terrible as to necessitate starting new lives. What a relief.
Yuuji: Sachi, my friend. Now that you know the truth of the matter, I'm sure you're longing for your own nickname. Fear not, for I will provide you with one.
Sachi: Certainly. Thank you very much.
Yuuji: You are now Satcher.
Mitcher: Stop it! Stop giving out these lazy nicknames left and right!!
Satcher: Very well. I hearby solemnly swear to live as Satcher from this day forth.
Amane: Okay, so Makina just said that...
Yuuji: Atcher.
Atcher: Huh? Wh-What?
Mitcher: Stop! I'm begging you, stop!!
Satcher: No one can stop this train now. The revolution is here at last. Our old names have been consigned to the dustbin of history.
Makina: Message delivered to all parties, captain! Huh? What's goin' on here?
Yuuji: Matcher.
Matcher: What's a Matcher?
Mitcher: Wait! Please, stop, no more! Yu... Yu... Yu―
Michiru: Yuuji!!
Yuuji: What's the matter? Why am I "Yuuji" now? I just got a wonderful nickname, after all. Feel free to use it.
Michiru: No, I was in the wrong. I take it all back. I'm sorry, everybody, but let's just drop the nickname plan. Things were just fine the way they were.
Michiru: I know it was a brief experiment, but it's already brought us more than enough bitter regret.
Makina: Hokay! Sounds good ta me!
Sachi: Very well. In that case, I will once more resume my life under the name Komine Sachi.
Amane: Can you try not to spring stupid crap like this on me too often?
Yuuji: Hey, chin up. I thought it was a pretty good idea. By your standards, at least.
Michiru: Shaddup... *Sighhh*... I'm exhausted all of a sudden...
Narration: *Hrm. Seems like this mass nicknaming session was sadly insufficient to reduce the incongruity of my presence in this school. From now on, I think I need to make a little more effort to blend in.*
Principal: Uhm, hey, what's all the fuss about?
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Ah, it's Printcher.
Printcher: Huh? What? Wait, what?
Yuuji: All right then, I'll be going now.
Printcher: Hey, wait, hold on, what!? Print-what? What!?
Printcher: Hold it right there, I'm not done with you yet! ...What the heck! Geez...

Date: *July 4, 2011, 20:58 - School Dormitory - Laundry*
Yuuji: ...Hmm?
Sachi: Amane-saaaan. Amane-san, where are you～?
Narration: *When I arrive at the third floor, I find an unusual scene waiting for me. Sachi's wandering around, shouting out Amane's name.*
Makina: Hoooy, Ama-neee! Even better, Amaneeee!
Amane: Okay, I'm here. What are you so worked up about? No, wait, first things first. Don't drop the honorific from my name! Did you really think I wasn't going to notice?
Makina: Uuu, could ya find it in your heart to let that one slide? The truth is, my lack of any real respect for my elders kinda just slipped out...
Amane: You're just making it worse!
Makina: S-Sowwy...
Amane: ...So? I assume you did have a reason for screaming my name, yes?
Makina: Ac'shully... I was hopin' you could teach me how ta become a woman, Ama-nee...
Amane: Huh!? B-Become a woman!?
Narration: *Makina's vague description of her objective prompts an instantaneous fiery blush from Amane.*
Yuuji: Sorry to butt in, but I'm positive you're misunderstanding something here, Amane.
Amane: R-Really?
Sachi: Yes. Maki-chan appears to be somewhat agitated, so please allow me to explain the situation in her place...
Sachi: We had been watching cartoons in the lobby just now, and the program that followed happened to be a "Girl Power-Up" special.
Sachi: During that broadcast, a female commentator noted that "make-up is every woman's best friend." Those words seem to have left a deep impression on her...
Amane: I see... Yeah, I can pretty much picture how that went down...
Makina: I'm an exemplary modern kid, ya know! I believe everythin' I see on th' teevee!
Yuuji: By the way, impressive work as always, class rep. A concise and edifying report.
Sachi: Thank you very much...
Makina: So anyhoo, after discussin' the matter, we decided to ask our deeply knowledgeable Ama-nee for instruction in th' art of make-up.
Sachi: I'm afraid I lack confidence in regard to cosmetics myself. I would certainly appreciate your help, if at all possible...
Amane: Hmmm... I get what you're saying, but... I don't think either of you really need to wear make-up yet, you know?
Makina: I see how it is. In the end, those of us wit' busts under 82 centimeters don't even count as women...
Amane: No, that's not it at all... Make-up is basically something you use to hide stuff you don't want others to see, you know?
Yuuji: That a fact?
Amane: Yep, pretty much. It helps with bags under your eyes, or freckles, or little breakouts on your cheeks... That sort of skin problem is the natural enemy of women, and make-up is the weapon you use to fight back.
Yuuji: I see...
Amane: The point is, it's not really necessary for girls like Makina and Sachi who still have nice, smooth skin.
Sachi: So... would that mean that it is "necessary" for you, Amane-san?
Amane: That's kind of a nasty question, Sacchan...
Sachi: I'm very sorry...
Amane: But the answer is yes, unfortunately.
Amane: My skin does get rough sometimes... so I tend to put on foundation. Sometimes lipstick.
Yuuji: Really...? If you're using cosmetics frequently, it's not particularly noticeable...
Amane: Well, yes. That would be because I try hard to keep it that way.
Yuuji: Is there a need to worry about that?
Amane: But Yuuji... you don't really like girls who use lots of make-up, do you?
Yuuji: ...Well, I'm not a fan of women who plaster it on, no.
Amane: And that's why I'm always careful about keeping it nice and subtle...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *When it comes to manipulating the complexion, I'm more familiar with face paint for camouflage purposes, but there are clearly some fairly large differences.*
Makina: But even if we don't need it now, we prob'ly will in a few years, ya know?
Amane: I guess that's true, but...
Makina: Anyyyy-waaaay! I wanna try make-up right now!
Sachi: I would truly appreciate your instruction as well, Amane-san.
Amane: ......
Narration: *Sachi bows deeply in earnest supplication. Amane hesitates for a moment, thinking the matter over with an uncomfortable expression on her face.*
Amane: *Sigh*... Fine. If you're that eager to learn, I guess I can help you out...
Makina: For realsies!? No takebacks, okay?
Amane: Yeah, yeah. It's not like I was that opposed to the idea from the start.
Makina: Scha-weet! Ama-nee's approval achieved!
Narration: *Makina shouts happily and throws her hand up in the air, exchanging an energetic high-five with Sachi.*
Michiru: So... where should we do this? With this many people, Amane's room would get pretty crowded... Can we do it right here?
Amane: ......
Sachi: ......
Michiru: Hey... why's everybody gaping at me in shock and awe...? It's not like I'm any more beautiful today than I normally am.
Yuuji: Or any less of an airhead, apparently. Where did you come from...?
Michiru: I-It's not like... I was peeking and thought this sounded fun, or anything!
Amane: ...You're transparent as always, Michiru.
Michiru: I'm not transparent! I'm super non-parent!! Come on, you're letting me join in too, got it!?
Amane: *Sigh*... Fine, fine. I'm pretty confident I know more about this stuff than you guys, at least... If I'm going to do this, I might as well take care of all of you at once.
Makina: Simultaneous service? Amazin', Ama-nee! No wonder you're Japan's number-one ranked slut!
Amane: ...This is how you ask people for a favor? Are you going to take this seriously if I do teach you?
Makina: Sure! Prob'ly! Mostly!
Amane: I'm really not convinced of that... Well, whatever. Since we decided to do this, we may as well call Sakaki-san too.
Michiru: Uhm, Amane... do you really think Yumiko's going to volunteer for an event like this?
Amane: No, I don't, so... Sacchan, can you take care of that?
Sachi: Yes. Please leave it to me.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *It's been a few minutes since Sachi accepted Amane's request. Sakaki stands before my eyes with a resigned expression on her face... and her hands bound behind her back.*
Yumiko: ...So, would you mind explaining why I've been abducted by Komine-san?
Amane: Sorry for the sudden notice, but I'm going to be teaching everyone how to use make-up. Just thought I should rope you in as well, Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: Rope me in... quite literally, it seems.
Amane: Now, now, let's all calm down... You might as well take advantage of this chance to learn, right? I get the feeling it might come in handy.
Yumiko: ...And what's that supposed to mean?
Amane: ...Well, Sakaki-san, you've been having a bit of trouble with your skin lately, if I'm not mistaken.
Yumiko: W-Why do you know that...?
Amane: You seem to stay up late on a regular basis, and you've got a serious junk food habit too. It's inevitable.
Amane: We did have a boy transfer in... Might be useful to learn this stuff ahead of time, you know?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Fine.
Narration: *Amane delivers her advice, along with a wink or two. Before long, Sakaki responds with a small nod.*
Sachi: ...So in the end, even the aloof unicorn Sakaki is a woman like any other. This has been quite enlightening already.
Yumiko: Wha-!?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *With one sentence, Sakaki's been pierced to the core. For Sachi, whose role is to establish order among the group, such sharp and ruthless insight must prove a truly indispensable asset.*
Amane: Well, now that we've got all the students of the Amane-chan Beauty School together, we'll begin the lecture at once!
Makina: Wait, what're we gonna do with Onii-chan during th' lesson?
Yuuji: Good question... I can leave if I'd be a distraction...
Amane: Hmmm. No, I think I'd actually like you to stick around for this one, Yuuji.
Yumiko: ...Why is that necessary?
Amane: ...Because I think you'll all take this more seriously if he's around.
Yumiko: You've got such a pleasant personality...
Amane: Teheheh. Thank ya kindly.♪
Narration: *...I don't entirely follow, but it seems that Amane has a surprisingly devious side.*
Amane: All right then. If you have any thoughts on what you see, feel free to fire them right off, okay?
Yuuji: Got it. I'll take you up on that.
Michiru: Ughhh... Yuuji is merciless at the best of times. This is just...
Yumiko: I'm already regretting this...
Amane: Okay, let's get started... First up, we're going to use face lotion to moisturize the skin.
Michiru: Yeah, I think I know what you're talking about. That's the same stuff you use to wash cuts or whatever, right?
Amane: Are you talking about... saline solution, maybe? That's completely different.
Michiru: B-But... you use that in cosmetics too, right?
Amane: No! No, you do not!
Narration: *While Amane answers her students' questions and provides general guidance, each of them begins to apply their own make-up.*
Narration: *Seeing women putting on cosmetics like this is probably a fairly rare opportunity for a man. I must admit, it's actually somewhat interesting to watch.*
Amane: Right, next we'll be putting on base. The main purpose of this stuff is to protect your skin...
Amane: But depending on the type you use, it can also hide your pores... And recently, a lot of brands have built in UV protection as well, so you want to pick carefully based on what you need.
Makina: Not to get off-topic or anythin', but... the base Ama-nee uses has a really tasty smell, ya know?
Sachi: Yes. But that doesn't mean you can eat it, okay?
Makina: Ehehe... I'm afraid that ship's already sailed...
Narration: *...We should really do something about the infantile habit this girl has of putting anything and everything in her mouth. Preferably before she ends up poisoning herself.*
Amane: And when you blend in a little foundation on top, we get something like this.
Narration: *Amane finishes her cosmetics demonstration, prompting a small chorus of admiring "ooohs" from her audience.*
Michiru: You've got the skills, that's for sure. You really are the elder of our tribe...
Sachi: My expectations were high, but Amane-san's amazing talent for camouflage nonetheless took me by surprise...
Amane: Those aren't the most pleasant compliments I've ever received...
Yuuji: But what's the plan now? Everyone probably wants to apply stuff in their own way to cover up different things, right?
Amane: Yep. So next up, I'll be instructing everyone individually.
Yumiko: I see...
Amane: So... what do you think, Makina? How does wearing make-up feel?
Makina: Uuu, I dunno... My face feels kinda crispy, ya know...?
Amane: Well, yeah. It might feel a little weird until you get used to it...
Sachi: Uhm... I've finished as well...
Michiru: I-I'm done too, I guess...
Yumiko: Is this about right...?
Amane: Yeah, looking good, you guys. Everybody seems to have kept up with the lesson. I'm impressed...
Narration: *Amane inspects everyone's individual workmanship, nodding in apparent satisfaction.*
Amane: Alright, next up, let's get into some accessories, like eyeliner or false eyelashes or whatever... I'll be teaching everybody one on one, okay?
Sachi: Okaaay.
Narration: *Somehow, it really has turned into a pretty respectable little classroom...*
Amane: All right, that's thirty minutes!
Amane: Pencils down, everyone. Time to check on your progress.
Narration: *As the timed alarm goes off, Amane returns to the lobby after a half-hour absence.*
Narration: *Having completed her instruction on the finishing touches, she decided to hold a little examination at the very end to evaluate her students' capabilities.*
Michiru: I think I sorta got it, maybe...
Sachi: I'm not sure I was able to do it exactly as you taught us...
Amane: Ahaha. Nobody's going to be perfect at first, that's only natural. No need to be so nervous...
Yumiko: Y-Yes, I suppose you're right...
Amane: Oh, you think so too, Sakaki-san? In that case, I'll start off by examining you... So? Do you think it went well?
Yumiko: Reasonably so... I did my best to repeat the steps you taught us...
Amane: Ah, hey, you actually did a really nice job... Don't you agree, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Yeah, you're right. It's a nice light level of make-up. Not unpleasant to look at.
Yumiko: T-That's a relief...
Amane: Okay then, let's go to Michiru next. You seemed a bit nervous, but let's see what you've got.
Michiru: ...W-What do you think? The theme is "The Tsundere," if you're curious...
Amane: What do I think...? How am I supposed to answer that question...? Just how many pairs of false eyelashes are you wearing?
Michiru: Hm? Only five pairs or so.
Amane: Wha, come on! That's obviously way too many. You can barely keep your eyes half-open under the weight of those things...
Michiru: ...I want a second opinion. What do you think, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Hrm... the only element that says "tsundere" to me right now is your hairstyle, to be honest...
Michiru: Zero points for the make-up!?
Amane: Moving on... Makina, I guess you're next.
Makina: Yus! Behold!!
Amane: ......
Amane: Sorry... what's the theme for this one?
Makina: Drawin' inspiration from Ama-nee's spiritual hometown, I decided to transform m'self into a Kyoto-girl from th' old capital!

Amane: ...Wait, did I even have white face powder?
Makina: Uu? Oh, this stuff? Sacchin got it for me. Took about five minutes.
Amane: Ahh... I see...
Yuuji: She's even got specialty make-up supplies in that locker...?
Amane: Okay, uh, nobody except apprentice geishas ever wears this sort of make-up, you know?
Yuuji: Yeah. Wander around the neighborhood in this stuff and you're just going to startle people.
Amane: Let's just pretend this one never happened...
Makina: W-What a bitter pill ta swallow...
Amane: ...Alright, that leaves Sacchan. I saved the one I have the most confidence in for last.
Yumiko: I'm rather interested in Komine-san's make-up myself...
Makina: Sacchin's th' only daughter of a family of craftsmen who made all sortsa precise metal dies, ya know? I bet this sorta detail work is her speciality.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Growing up around talented mechanical engineers might explain why Sachi can deal with a wide range of hands-on tasks so deftly.*
Michiru: Yeah, might as well just hand her first place now...
Amane: Right, I've got high hopes myself. Okay, then... Sacchaaaan?
Sachi: Yes. Uhm... I'm not entirely confident in the result, but...
Four　People: Wha-!?
Narration: *The instant Sachi timidly turns to face to Amane and the others, there are four simultaneous exclamations of pure shock, and then a long moment of silence.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Rendered speechless by her skill?
Amane: Uh... well...
Yuuji: Hrm... if she's done that great a job, I'd like to see for―
Amane: Absolutely not, Yuuji!!
Narration: *I start to walk around the group to get a clear look at Sachi's face, but Amane quickly blocks my way.*
Yuuji: ...Why not, exactly?
Amane: Well, uhm... because I'd... feel really bad for Sacchan...
Sachi: ...Huh?
Amane: Aah, no, no! It's nothing, don't worry about it!
Sachi: O-Okay...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *For whatever reason, it seems this particular work isn't for my eyes.*
Sachi: Uhm... Everyone, your faces are quite pale. Is something the matter?
Michiru: Huh? Well... uh, you know...
Yumiko: How can I put this...?
Amane: I guess that's... probably the make-up's fault. Yeah.
Sachi: I see... I wasn't aware make-up could produce such a deathly pallor. Please do teach me how you achieved it.
Amane: Y-Yeah, good idea! Also, I, uh... haven't really taught you guys how to take off your make-up yet... so let's get started on that! Right away!
Sachi: I don't particularly mind... but I still haven't heard Kazami-san's thoughts...
Michiru: That's fine, no big deal! You can just show him next time, okay?
Makina: ...Greedy women are a turn-off, ya know?
Sachi: A-All right...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *In the end, Sachi has been forcibly carted off-stage...*
Narration: *The exact circumstances remain something of a mystery, but one thing is perfectly clear: you can't take your eyes off our class rep for a second. Or... shouldn't, at least.*
Narration: *...Incidentally, after this incident, Makina would never again express an interest in make-up.*

Date: *July 5, 2011, 12:26 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Amane: Hold it, Yuuji. We've already got our lunch spread out and everything. Where do you think you're going?
Yuuji: ...Nowhere in particular. Just thought I'd take a little walk to latitude 34 south, longitude 58 west or so.
Amane: Uhhmm... and where would that be, again...?
Makina: Argentina.
Amane: Th' hell!? What kinda lunchtime stroll's that!?
Yuuji: Everyone has their whimsical days, right? I'll get you a souvenir.
Amane: Oh, really!? Fine! Go choke on some dulce de leche fer all ah care!!
Yuuji: Such hurtful words...
Narration: *It's a weekday afternoon, and here I am walking out of a room to the jeers of a woman spurned. Seems I may be something of a heartbreaker.*
Narration: *I do appreciate that Amane's concerned about my nutrition, but...*
Narration: *The thing is, these meals have been getting out of hand lately. Just sitting back and watching the Engel coefficient going through the roof is growing increasingly awkward.*
Yuuji: ...Guess I'll head to the rooftop.
Narration: *Anyway, today I feel like securing myself a place where I can eat in peace.*
???: Ah, Kazami-san.
Narration: *On the roof, even if I eat plain rice balls with a side of baked beans or take a nice siesta, there shouldn't be anyone around to nag me.*
???: Kazami-san. Kazami-san.
Yuuji: ......
???: ...Hey there, Yuu-chan.
Yuuji: Look, I told you to quit it with that name...
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *I turn around and find myself confronting a cardboard creature.*
Narration: *There's something resembling a maid uniform peeking out from below the mass of boxes, but... tragically, given my far from voluminous vocabulary, I can't think of a more appropriate nomenclature.*
???: You're not eating lunch with Amane-san's group today?
Yuuji: ...Sorry, but I don't have any cardboard creatures among my acquaintances.
Cardboard　Creature: Cardboard creatures?
Yuuji: If you're not a cardboard creature, then what are you?
Cardboard　Creature: ...Ah! Certainly, at the moment it might be no exaggeration to describe me as a creature of cardboard.
Yuuji: That's what I'm saying.
Cardboard　Creature: However, I believe that description is only applicable in a figurative sense. Technically speaking, I am not a "cardboard creature."
Yuuji: That a fact? At a glance, you don't seem to be made of plastic...
Cardboard　Creature: No, I'm not referring to the material composing the boxes... I'm Sachi. Komine Sachi.
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Now that you mention it, that voice does sound familiar.
Cardboard　Creature: Well, it's something of a relief to know I haven't been forgotten.
Yuuji: That said, it's also possible that you're an impostor assuming the role of Sachi.
Cardboard　Creature: ...I see. You suspect me to be an FBI agent?
Yuuji: I'm not even going to ask why you picked them in particular...
Yuuji: Anyway, in order to confirm that you are neither a spy nor the incarnate avatar of cardboard, I'd like to ask you two or three questions.
Cardboard　Creature: By all means, hit me with your best shot.
Yuuji: Excellent. Well then, first question...
Yuuji: Did you hear that nickname you just used from someone in particular?
Cardboard　Creature: Uhm... Amane-san mentioned it, and added that "Yuuji will definitely respond if you call him that"...
Yuuji: Figured as much...
Cardboard　Creature: Do you have any further questions?
Yuuji: Let's see... When's your birthday?
Cardboard　Creature: The 23rd of September.
Narration: *Come to think of it, I didn't know Sachi's birthday in the first place. Oh well.*
Yuuji: How about your blood type?
Cardboard　Creature: Type O. As in "Oh! What a wonderful blood type."
Narration: *...Didn't know that either.*
Yuuji: Okay, how about the color of your underwear today?
Cardboard　Creature: I'm wearing a striped blue and white set.
Yuuji: ...Where do you keep the underwear in question when it's not in use?
Cardboard　Creature: In the top drawer of the dresser in my room, near the front.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Fascinating as all this is, upon reflection I haven't asked a single question that I can actually confirm the answer to...*
Narration: *But judging from this unflinching aura of honesty, and the way every response somehow makes the guy asking the rude questions feel awkward, there's little doubt that this is the genuine article.*
Yuuji: Very well. I accept you as Sachi.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Narration: *With those polite words of thanks, the cardboard creature... or rather, Sachi, bows to me.*
Yuuji: So, I assume you're carrying all these cardboard boxes because someone asked you to.
Sachi: Yes. I was just carrying these teaching materials for our afternoon class to the multipurpose classroom.
Yuuji: ...I see. And presumably you changed into the maid uniform because you're more comfortable working in it.
Narration: *Either way, carrying this massive pile of boxes around must be quite difficult, even if the contents themselves are light.*

Yuuji: I know you're used to this sort of job, but the more confident you are the more likely careless accidents become. Try to stay on your toes, all right?
Sachi: U-Understood! I am now on full alert until further notice!!
Yuuji: Uh, no... I don't think that's called for right now.
Sachi: I see... Your advice can be quite difficult to understand at times, Kazami-san...
Narration: *With this exchange of pleasantries completed, Sachi wanders off toward the stairs, still puzzling over my words.*
Yuuji: Is she doing this on purpose...?
Narration: *Looking back on all my conversations with the girl to date... it's hard to believe anyone could be such a perfect airhead.*
Narration: *Either way... I suppose almost every organization has its loafers and its diligent sorts, and it's natural to rely on the hard work of the latter group...*
Narration: *But I think the dichotomy at this school might be a little too stark. It feels like we're completely dependent on Sachi's efforts. Might be something worth thinking about.*
Principal: Ah, Kazami-kun. Just the person I wanted to see.
Yuuji: Sorry, but I don't think I'm up for listening to you complain about your life right now. Please try someone else.
Principal: I didn't say anything like that.
Yuuji: Oh. So in that case, you want me to help you trim the bonsai tree you've started to raise in a futile attempt to relieve the crushing boredom of your existence?
Principal: Why does every conversation with you have to be such an exhausting experience...?
Yuuji: You find this exhausting? Personally, my heart throbs with refreshing joy every time I see your face, Chizuru.
Principal: Haaah...
Narration: *Instead of responding, she heaves a weary sigh.*
Yuuji: So, did you need something?
Principal: Yes... some teaching materials for our upcoming classes should have been delivered just now, and I was hoping you could help carry them inside.
Yuuji: What, the suppliers don't bother to bring them in?
Principal: That's how things work lately. Even if you spend big on a new TV or washing machine, nobody's going to install it for you unless you pay an extra fee.
Yuuji: So there's a fee for bringing deliveries inside the building now? The world's becoming a cruel place these days.
Principal: Precisely why the charity of kind-hearted students is so indispensable.
Narration: *...Well, this school has a severe lack of males to help out with this sort of thing.*
Narration: *If I refuse, Sachi or one of the others will probably end up getting pressed into service in my place. Volunteering is the more attractive option.*
Yuuji: Got it. I'll give you a hand.
Principal: Oh...? You're strangely obedient for once.
Yuuji: Nah. I'm just in the mood to earn myself some of those nice pastries that a certain someone is always stocking up on using misappropriated school funds.
Principal: How did this young man become such a sadist...?
Yuuji: I was born this way, I'm afraid. Try not to let it get to you.
Narration: *From the moment I coldly rejected Amane's good will and fled the classroom, it seems I was fated to carry things around one way or the other.*

Yuuji: All right, how about I help out as well?
Sachi: Uhm... it's very kind of you to offer, but this job was assigned to me...
Yuuji: What, again with this? I understand that you feel a sense of responsibility, but it's not like anyone's saying that you have to get the job done all by yourself, right?
Sachi: I suppose that's true, but―
Yuuji: I'll take these.
Narration: *Preempting Sachi's response, I grab a few cardboard boxes from her towering stack and pull them away, revealing the girl behind.*
Sachi: Ah...
Yuuji: Maybe you're reluctant to bother me, but that's all the more reason to let me help out.
Sachi: Uhm... I don't quite follow.
Yuuji: In this situation, just watching my classmate totter off blindly would bother me a lot more than carrying a few boxes.
Sachi: I see...
Yuuji: Of course, if you think I'd just slow you down, I can reconsider.
Sachi: There's no need to worry in that regard. To be honest, my body is yearning for your assistance, Kazami-san.
Narration: *Maybe it is, but I think she could have put that in a slightly less weird way...*
Yuuji: In other words, you don't have any further objections?
Sachi: That's correct. I appreciate your help. Let's head for the multipurpose classroom.
Yuuji: ...Yeah.
Yuuji: Can I just pile the boxes up around here?
Sachi: Yes. Right there should be fine.
Narration: *After obtaining Sachi's confirmation, I stack the cardboard boxes next to the teacher's podium.*
Narration: *By the time I've finished, Sachi has already opened a few of the boxes she was carrying, and is beginning to unpack the books and worksheets contained within.*
Yuuji: What, did they ask you to put all this away as well?
Sachi: No, that wasn't a specific part of the request... but the lecturer would have to spend class time taking care of it otherwise...
Narration: *Seems she's deliberately going above and beyond the call of duty in order to make life easier for our instructors.*
Yuuji: You really are considerate about stuff like this.
Sachi: Oh, no... it's only natural...
Yuuji: ...I think that's the last of it.
Sachi: Yes. Thanks to your help, I was able to finish earlier than I had anticipated. Thank you very much.
Narration: *After we finally complete our work, Sachi straightens her posture and lowers her head to me in a polite bow.*
Yuuji: Not a big deal, but... it seems we've only got another ten minutes until the end of the lunch period.
Sachi: ...Kazami-san, are you planning to skip lunch?
Yuuji: Missing one meal isn't a problem for me. I was more thinking about you, Sachi. Can you get through the afternoon on an empty stomach?
Sachi: I was planning to eat here, actually.
Narration: *That's all well and good, but what she plans to eat is something of a mystery to me. She isn't carrying anything like a lunch box.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, it's been a while now since I entered this school, but I don't think I've ever seen Sachi spread out her lunch at her desk.*
Yuuji: Incidentally, Sachi, do you bring your own lunch box to school?
Sachi: Why do you ask? Are you concerned about my diet?
Yuuji: No, it's just that I don't think I've ever seen you eating in the classroom or anything.
Sachi: That's rather odd. I've eaten my lunch in your presence on numerous occasions, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Really? If I remember correctly... you're always spending the lunch period reading something or writing in your notebook.
Sachi: Your memories appear to be distorted. That is a problem...
Sachi: Kazami-san, could it be that you've extrapolated from my maid uniform to construct a false idol― A "super duper cutesy pie!" Komine Sachi, of such adorable perfection that the basic biological need for sustenance no longer applies?
Yuuji: ...What?
Sachi: The power of your runaway imagination has struck fear into my heart...
Narration: *...If the day ever comes that such a thought crosses my mind, I think that'll be the day I go bungee jumping off the roof of a tall building without a cord.*
Yuuji: What are you eating today, then?
Sachi: Allow me to show you...
Narration: *With those words, Sachi slowly reaches her hand inside her uniform at the bust.*
Yuuji: Hold it, Sachi. What do you think you're doing with that hand?
Sachi: I'm reaching into my cleavage.
Yuuji: The hell kind of a lunch fits between your breasts!?
Sachi: You'd be surprised... Amane-san once told me that this space is "every resourceful girl's secret pocket."
Narration: *...What the hell? Does that woman intend to remake Sachi in her own image...? Is this school going to end up as a facility for the mass production of Amane clones?*
Yuuji: Well, whatever. I'll close my eyes. If you're really taking something out of there, get it over with.
Sachi: Certainly.
Narration: *As Sachi nods, I close my eyes.*
Sachi: Mm...
Sachi: ...I'm finished, Kazami-san.
Narration: *When I open them again, Sachi's holding a rectangular biscuit of some sort in her hand.*
Yuuji: Some kind of off-the-shelf portable rations?
Sachi: No, this isn't something I purchased. I bake them myself.
Yuuji: This is your work?
Sachi: Yes. They're actually relatively simple to make, as long as you have access to an oven.
Narration: *Well, I guess so. At a glance, it doesn't seem to be much more than a baked lump of wheat flour and butter.*
Yuuji: I see. These are certainly compact enough that a lunch box isn't necessary.
Sachi: What's more, they're quite easy to eat with one hand while reading or cleaning. I find them quite convenient.
Narration: *That would explain why I don't have any recollection of her spreading out a lunch on her desk, but...*
Yuuji: If you're eating this stuff every day, isn't your diet going to be pretty poorly balanced? What do you do for vitamins?
Sachi: To address that very problem, I also carry these special varieties. I've ground a nutritionally diverse range of ingredients and supplements into each.
Narration: *Right on cue, she produces a number of brightly colored shortbread biscuits for my inspection. I feel as though I'm watching a baking segment on some particularly deranged cooking show.*
Sachi: From the right, we have sesame, multi-vitamin, vegetable, and red mamushi.

Yuuji: I'm a little curious about what you've got in the one named after a poisonous snake... but first of all, are these things tasty?
Sachi: Well... By the standard of the French military's individual field rations, I believe they're reasonably flavorful.
Narration: *I come perilously close to asking her whether she's ever actually eaten an RCIR, but manage to restrain myself at the last moment.*
Sachi: Would you care to try some yourself, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: Do you have enough to share?
Sachi: Yes. It's quite easy to prepare a lot of these at once. Sudden dinner-guests are no problem at all.
Yuuji: I'm sure the housewives of the world will be overjoyed to hear of your discovery.
Sachi: Incidentally, which would you prefer? Mr. Crispy, baked fresh this morning, or Mr. Moist, aged to perfection overnight?
Yuuji: ...What an excruciatingly difficult choice.
Sachi: *Munch*... *Nmm*... *Nom*...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *The two of us sit on the teacher's platform in the otherwise empty classroom, biting into our homemade shortbread.*
Narration: *There isn't anything logically wrong with our actions under the circumstances. But for some reason, this feels less like a school lunch and more like a chow break in the middle of a long march to the battlefield...*
Sachi: *Am* *Nam*...
Narration: *As I'm pondering these matters, Sachi continues to silently and steadily carry her food to her mouth.*
Narration: *Maybe it's because I've been eating with Amane and Makina a lot lately, but something about this situation feels oddly unsatisfactory.*
Yuuji: So, uh... enjoying that?
Sachi: Yes. I did a good job on this batch, if I do say so myself.
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm impressed. Put these on a shelf and I think they could pass for something from a bakery.
Sachi: That's very kind of you.
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *When I glance over, I notice that Sachi's currently chewing on a biscuit specked with pebbly black bits.*
Yuuji: What flavor is that one?
Sachi: Fefafe fafor.
Yuuji: Sesame, eh. Looks pretty decent.
Sachi: ...Foufd fou fike fome?
Narration: *With those words, she casually sticks her face in my direction, the half eaten shortbread biscuit dangling out of her mouth.*
Narration: *Okay, well, if some woman sitting on a park bench next to me suddenly pulled this sort of stunt, I would probably interpret it as indicative of a severe chemical imbalance...*
Narration: *But we're talking about Sachi here. I doubt she's even aware of how weird this might seem. Most likely, she simply doesn't have any more of the sesame biscuits to share.*
Yuuji: Are you seriously telling me to take a bite like this?
Sachi: Fon't fou waft fome?
Narration: *My younger classmate, offering me a half-eaten biscuit directly from her mouth, softly mumbles "Don't you want some?"*
Narration: *Usually this would be a pretty saccharine sweet situation, but when she's this completely nonchalant about the whole thing, the mood is pretty much non-existent.*
Yuuji: Fine. Close your eyes, at least. This'll be awkward otherwise.
Sachi: ...Kazami-san, you're more innocent than you appear. I'm a little surprised.
Yuuji: Or maybe you're just bizarrely indifferent. Ever think of that?
Sachi: Mm...
Narration: *As I'm offering my attempt at a retort, Sachi gently closes her eyes.*
Narration: *I take a bite off the biscuit, carefully leaving a decent buffer zone. The familiar nutty flavor of sesame instantly spreads across my tongue.*
Sachi: What do you think? Personally, this flavor is something of a favorite of mine...
Narration: *Opening her eyes, Sachi asks for my thoughts in a tone of keen curiosity.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah, not bad at all.
Narration: *The simple, familiar taste of the biscuit, for one thing; the up-close view of Sachi with her eyes closed, for another... I don't think I can complain on either count.*
Narration: *Those are my honest thoughts.*
Sachi: I'm glad to hear you found it enjoyable as well, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Now that I think about it... I've known Sachi a while now, and I didn't even know about her unusual lunch habits, let alone her birthday.*
Narration: *It seems my knowledge of my classmates is even shallower than I realized.*
Sachi: ...Uhm, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Hm?
Narration: *When I look to my side, Sachi's watching me with an anxious expression on her face.*
Sachi: Was the food perhaps... not particularly palatable after all?
Yuuji: No, I think I would classify your shortbread as "tasty."
Narration: *As portable food goes, I've eaten plenty of truly vile field rations. It would be rude to even compare real military food to this mild, pleasant stuff.*
Sachi: If that's the case, why were you making such a grim face? It was somewhat frightening...
Narration: *...I should be used to it by now, but Sachi's perceptiveness still takes me by surprise at times.*
Sachi: If your worries involve laundry or cleaning, I might be able to provide some assistance...
Yuuji: ...No, domestic chores aren't involved.
Sachi: Then...?
Yuuji: Well... to make it short, I was thinking that I'd like to become better friends with you, Sachi.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: I'm sorry, did I just receive an invitation to your bed?
Yuuji: ...What?
Sachi: I remember reading in a book that "getting friendly" sometimes implies a proposition of that sort.
Narration: *...I should be used to it by now, but Sachi's talent for seriously warped misinterpretations of my words still takes me by surprise at times.*
Yuuji: Yes, sometimes there can be a nuance like that, but that's not what I meant just now.
Yuuji: Look, we're classmates, right...? I just thought it might be nice to learn a little more about you eventually, that's all.
Sachi: I see. You were using the words in a more literal way...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Sachi: In that case, we seem to be in agreement. I would also like to become better friends with you, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: That a fact?
Sachi: Yes.
Narration: *There's a natural smile on Sachi's face as she speaks.*
Narration: *If one of my classmates can speak those words to me with an expression like that...*
Narration: *Maybe I've begun to find a place for myself in this school...?*
Sachi: *Mmm*... *Nom*... *Nom*...
Narration: *When I glance back at Sachi, she's already returned her attention to her meal.*
Narration: *She's our class representative and the quiet peacemaker of our group, but above all else she's something of an unpredictable girl. I'm aware that I don't understand her very well.*
Narration: *Even so, I fully meant what I said to her just now.*
Narration: *Everyone at this school may be a "special case," but surely a little mutual understanding isn't too much to hope for.*
Yuuji: ...Anyway, thanks for the meal.
Narration: *―Unfortunately, even as I mumbled these words to myself, Amane's unwieldy mass of a lunch lay in ambush, awaiting my return...*

Date: *July 5, 2011, 14:02 - Mihama Academy - Hallway*
Michiru: Hmmm-hmm-hmm, ha-nya-nya-nyaaan!
Narration: *Michiru's crooning nasally to herself. It's not particularly pleasant to listen to, but then again, humming is one of the few forms of musical expression that exists solely for the satisfaction of the performer.*
Narration: *Sometimes it's a natural outflowing of happiness in a moment of relaxation; but at other times, it's an attempt to calm the nerves in a moment of crushing stress.*
Narration: *I don't know which psychological state has given rise to Michiru's song, but I do know how I can subtly manipulate her mood.*
Yuuji: Hmmm-hmm-hmm, ha-nya-nya-nyaaan.
Narration: *I sneak up behind Michiru and softly synchronize my voice with her song.*
Michiru: Hmmm-hmm-hmm, ha-nya-nya-nyaan.
Narration: *And now I begin to gradually alter the melody, keeping every individual change small enough that she won't catch on.*
Yuuji: Hmmm-hmm-hm-hm, ha-nya-nya-nyaaa.
Michiru: Hmmm-hmm-hm-hm, ha-nya-nya-nyaaa.
Yuuji: Hm-hmm-hmm-hm-hm, nya-nya-nya.
Michiru: Hm-hmm-hmm-hm-hm, nya-nya-nya?
Yuuji: Hm-hmm-hmm-hm-hm... nya-nya-nya...
Michiru: Hm-hmm-hmm-hm-hm... nya-nya-nya... What the heck!?
Narration: *Michiru spins around, flustered. Her face reveals sheer, uncomprehending bewilderment.*
Narration: *By slowly changing my upbeat melody into a grim funeral march, I guided her own song down the same dark path. But my victim clearly doesn't realize this was my doing.*
Yuuji: Yo. Something the matter?
Michiru: No, nothing in particular, it's just... I was feeling so cheerful just a minute ago... and it feels like something dragged me down into the pit of despair...
Yuuji: Oh? That's a pity.
Michiru: Y-Yeah. You didn't do anything, did you?
Yuuji: Anything? Who, me? Like what?
Michiru: No, I guess you didn't... Hmmm.
Narration: *Despite its inherently subtle nature, subliminal manipulation of this sort can dramatically influence human behavior through its effects on the subconscious.*
Narration: *For example, I could persistently hold eye contact with Michiru as we speak. This can be mildly intimidating in its own right, but the effect increases significantly when I wait for her to blink before doing the same.*
Narration: *By quickly opening my eyelids before her, Michiru would soon be under the illusion that I never blink. What's more, it's very rare for anyone to consciously notice this is taking place.*
Narration: *Instead, a nagging sense of unease grows in the back of their mind. Use enough of these tricks and outright psychological manipulation is possible, but this time the humming game proved sufficient for my objective of screwing with Michiru.*
Michiru: *Sigh*... So much for my good mood.
Yuuji: Yeah. Sorry about that.
Michiru: Why are you apologizing? *Gasp!* Wait, did you do something after all!?
Yuuji: You really have to be more specific. What are you accusing me of?
Michiru: I-If I knew that, this wouldn't be so annoying! Ugggh! A-Anyway, you're going to pay dearly for this!
Narration: *Michiru jabs her forefinger in my direction, her eyes smoldering with aggression.*
Yuuji: Why get so bent out of shape over something like this?
Michiru: I'm not bent! This is my normal shape, for your information!
Yuuji: True, but that's not a good thing. You know, someone once said that "Relationships are like a mirror."
Michiru: ...Like, the way people treat you is a reflection of how you treat them?
Yuuji: Yes, that's how mirrors usually work. Your approach seems to involve repeatedly bashing your head against the glass. Planning to go to Looking-Glass Land? Just so you know, Humpty-Dumpty's currently sitting in a carton in my fridge.
Michiru: Huh? What's that supposed to mean? I don't really get it.
Yuuji: All right, I'll give you the short version. Michiru, you tend to treat others with all the friendliness and charm of a lollipop-sucking brat who's just been denied a new toy.
Michiru: Mukiii! My personality is what it is, okay!? I-It's not like I can fix it now.
Yuuji: Hrm. I suppose not.
Michiru: T-That's right. This is just how I am. Get off my back, unless you want a rolling sobat to the face!
Narration: *Michiru shadowboxes in my general direction while making little "kapow" sounds. Seems she has no idea what a rolling sobat actually is.*
Makina: This calls fer special trainin' in friendliness!
Michiru: Ma-Makina!?
Makina: Chiruchiru's a tsundere, as we all know. But I think there's a sweet, adorable girl hidin' beneath that prickly surface, just waitin' to emerge. We can rebuild her! Better, stronger, less of a sourpuss.
Michiru: No way! Absolutely not! I want to be who I am, thank you very much.
Yuuji: Hrm, training, is it? What do you have in mind?
Michiru: H-Hey, did you not hear what I just said? Don't ignore me.
Makina: A-hem. Multiply a minus by a minus and you get a plus, right? Therefore, if we stick two cranky people together, they'll become nice an' friendly.
Yuuji: Makina, my friend, you seem to have equated numerical multiplication with "sticking people together." Are you sure the same rules apply?
Makina: Yeah, no worries! In conclusion, all we gotta do is stick Chiruchiru and Yumi-chan together!
Yuuji: Are you planning on literally tying them to each other with rope, or what? Might prove a little tricky. I suppose gluing them together with phenolic resin is also an option.
Makina: You've got th' idea. All right, Chiruchiru, I'm afraid I need to knock ya out now!
Narration: *Makina swiftly circles behind Michiru and delivers a sharp karate chop to the back of her neck.*
Makina: Yah!
Michiru: Yaowchie!
Makina: ...Huh?
Michiru: W-What do you think you're doing!? That really frigging hurt!
Makina: Hmm... Uh, on the teevee this does the trick right away... That's weird.
Michiru: No, YOU'RE weird! Don't just karate chop my neck out of nowhere! What if you'd knocked me out or something?
Makina: Uh, like I said, that's kinda what I'm goin' for here... Ah! A flyin' saucer!
Michiru: Huh!? Where!?
Makina: Yah!
Michiru: Yaowchie! Will you quit it!?!
Makina: H-Huhhh? I don't get it...
Yuuji: Michiru, I'm growing curious about this Yao Chie you keep mentioning. Friend of yours?
Michiru: It's a cry of pain! It sounds a little funny because someone happens to be chopping me in the neck! Speaking of which, are you going to stop Makina or what!?
Makina: Ah! A flyin' ndege!
Michiru: Huh? What's an ndege!?
Makina: Yah!
Michiru: Uugh...
Makina: Oh-hoh!? D-Did I get her!?
Michiru: Owwwwwwwch! Cut it OUT already!!
Makina: Whaaaat the heeeeck? I don't get it. Why doesn't she pass out like they do on the teevee?
Yuuji: That's pure fiction. You're not going to knock anyone out that way unless you get the angle absolutely perfect. Even then, misjudge the force and you can end up doing irreversible damage. It's not something you should try at home.
Makina: Really...? Now I feel kinda bad about choppin' Chiruchiru.
Yuuji: Well, I guess I could've been quicker about telling you myself.
Michiru: Uugggh, the back of my neck is throbbing in agony...
Makina: Ah, I know. How about there!?
Yuuji: Well, I'm sure you've heard that a blow to the abdomen can be particularly effective, but―
Makina: Yah! Solar plexus punch!
Michiru: Ugoh!
Yuuji: ...But as I said, you shouldn't attack someone's vital points for no good reason. You're running the risk of causing lasting harm.
Michiru: ...Haahaa... haa...
Makina: ...Ooh. Chiruchiru, your face got super pale all of a sudden. How'd ya pull that off?
Yuuji: Now now, Makina. It's not as though Michiru intentionally drained all color from her face. She's simply experiencing temporary breathing problems as the result of a sharp impact to her abdomen. Don't you have something to say to her?
Makina: Ah, right. Sorry 'bout that, Chiruchiru.
Michiru: Haa... ha... haa.
Yuuji: I think she's trying to tell us something. As she isn't currently capable of speech, we should read her lips.
Makina: Uhmm. "It's not like... I wanted you to apologize... or anything."
Yuuji: Even under violent torture, her tsundere spirit remains unbroken... You must admit, the girl has guts.
Michiru: Gaahaah!! Haah. Agh, my stomach! You punched my stomach! What is wrong with you!? Are you trying to kill me!?
Makina: O-Of course not. I'm just tryin' to make you a little nicer to be around, ya know? I'm sure you'll be a lot more lovable once we beat th' grouchy out.
Michiru: I'm like this because I want to be! Mind your own business!
Sachi: Is something the matter?
Makina: Ah! I'm havin' a real hard time here, Sacchin. I just can't seem ta knock Chiruchiru unconscious.
Sachi: Unconscious? Well, I suppose I have some ideas, as long as you don't mind the risk of potentially severe long-term side-effects...
Yuuji: Unfortunately, we do mind. Come on, Makina, you've given her a pretty good beating already. I hardly think there's any need to render her unconscious, is there?
Makina: This just ain't good enough. To cure Chiruchiru of what ails her, we absolutely gotta knock her out and tie her up. There's noooo reason ta feel pity! Far from it... This is a good deed!
Sachi: A good deed...? I see. In that case, I suppose it must be done.
Makina: That's right. Sacchin, if ya'd be so kind!
Sachi: ......
Michiru: W-What now...?
Sachi: But we also need to avoid side effects... Let's see.
Narration: *Sachi stares fixedly at Michiru, apparently puzzling over the best way to make her faint. Of course, Sachi's defining characteristic is her willingness to use any means necessary to achieve her ends... as Michiru is well aware.*
Sachi: I believe the first step will be to procure something... crowbar-esque.
Michiru: What!? What are you planning to pry open!?
Sachi: Your cranium. I believe the intense pain should be sufficient to render you unconscious. Well then, everyone, please wait just a moment while I obtain an appropriate tool.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: ...Ugh!
Sachi: What's this? She seems to have fainted quite on her own...
Narration: *Michiru lies collapsed on the floor, her nose twitching in terror. Seems she took it upon herself to lose consciousness before someone violently took it from her. A prudent choice from the perspective of damage minimization.*
Yuuji: Sachi, Michiru's kindly rendered herself unconscious for us, so I think the crowbar-esque tool is no longer necessary.
Sachi: It would appear that way. In that case, please excuse me.
Yuuji: Before you go, I've got a quick question.
Sachi: Yes, what would that be?
Yuuji: When you said "crowbar-esque"... What were you thinking of, specifically?
Sachi: ...Well...
Sachi: .........
Sachi: A crowbar.
Makina: Then "a crowbar" is fine! Why th' -esque!?
Sachi: Well, one does like to set the mood when possible. I'll be on my way now.
Yuuji: I see. A crowbar is certainly crowbar-esque.
Makina: The age-old mystery has finally been resolved, but somehow I'm not fully satisfied, ya know...?
Yuuji: All right. What do we do with Michiru now that she's unconscious?
Makina: First things first, let's get her tied up. Uhm, guess we need us some rope...
Sachi: Here you are. Jute rope, as requested.
Makina: Wah! Uh, t-thanks!
Sachi: Rest assured, the rope has been treated with beeswax, so it shouldn't be painfully abrasive even when tightened firmly against bare skin. Until later, then.
Yuuji: That girl's ready for anything. Have to admit, I didn't expect her to have specialty BDSM ropes lying around.
Makina: Sometimes Sacchin's so well prepared that it's kinda scary... Mmkay then. Wrappy wrap wrap, tie tie ta-tie.
Yuuji: Well, well. This is pretty nice work. Rope bondage over the clothes has its own refined flavor... And you've got a quite respectable tortoise-shell pattern over the bust here.
Makina: Tortoise-shell? I was just tyin' her up real good so th' rope wouldn't come loose, ya know? It just sorta ended up lookin' like this.
Yuuji: You produced this fine piece of work without even realizing you were doing it? You must have seen the pattern somewhere... Either way, I think you have a definite talent for this. Might be a potential career path.
Makina: Eheheh... really? That's nice ta hear. Okay, I'm gonna go get Yumi-chan, so hold on just a sec!
Narration: *Makina runs off somewhere, leaving me alone in the hallway with Michiru, who's tightly bound from head to foot in an intricately criss-crossed web of jute ropes.*
Yuuji: Come to think of it, I thought tying her to Sakaki was the whole point...
Michiru: ...Hey. You.
Yuuji: What's up, tortoise? I thought you were supposed to be unconscious at the moment.
Michiru: This, right here? This is unbelievably embarrassing!
Yuuji: Yeah, I guess it would be. I don't think many students would have the guts to engage in tortoise-shell style rope bondage in the hallways of their own school.
Michiru: The location is NOT the issue here! Come on, get these off me!!
Yuuji: You sure about that? Once Makina gets back, she'll just call Sachi again. That seems problematic in its own way.
Michiru: Yes, okay, maybe so! But I also really, really don't enjoy having you see me like this!!
Yuuji: Hrm. So you'd like me to untie you after all?
Michiru: Yes, untie me! Hurry up! Please!
Yuuji: Oh? You're being awfully polite and straight-forward about your feelings.
Michiru: ...I-It's not like I want you to untie me or anything! So hurry up and untie me!
Yuuji: Ah, humankind's lot is a sad one. Our lives are full of paradoxes.
Michiru: H-Hurry UP, will you!?
Makina: I've returned with Yumi-chan in tow!
Yumiko: ...W-What on earth is this? What's going on?
Michiru: Gah! Uhm, well, I...
Yumiko: Matsushima-san, you enjoy this sort of thing?
Michiru: No, of course not! That's not it! You've got it all wrong!!
Yumiko: I'm not sure how you intend to come up with an excuse under these circumstances...
Michiru: It really is a misunderstanding, I swear! Come on, Yuuji, tell her! Back me up here, got it!?
Yumiko: Might this be your doing, Kazami-kun?
Yuuji: Nope. This happens to be Makina's work. Seems she's something of an expert.
Yumiko: Irisu-san did this?
Yuuji: Yeah. After tormenting Michiru's body at length, Makina gave her a few final blows, then finished things off by tying her up nice and tight.
Yumiko: N-Not only does she find pleasure in this, her partner is another girl!?
Michiru: O-O-O-Of course not! Yuuji, why are you putting it in such an incredibly misleading way!?
Yumiko: Irisu-san, is this true?
Makina: Huh? Y-Yeah. I knocked her around a bunch before I tied her up.
Yumiko: I see... Well, ah, I don't intend to criticize your taste in pleasure activities, but I'd appreciate it if you could keep things behind closed doors. This is a school, you know?
Yuuji: Sakaki's got a point. I have to agree.
Michiru: Wha, Yuuji!?
Yumiko: All right, I really need to be going.
Michiru: Ah, wait! You've got it all wrong! Come on, Yumiko! Uh, Sakaki-san! Sakaki-saaaan!
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Makina... san, would you be so kind as to untie me?
Makina: Ah! Look, she's gettin' nicer already! Amazin'! I knew I had the right idea!
Yuuji: Congratulations, Makina. You've flipped her psychological switch. At long last, the true Michiru has broken free of her tsundere shell.
Makina: Ehehehe.
Michiru: Ah, yes... Uhm, hurry up and untie the ropes, please...
Michiru: Uuuuuuuugh... haaa.
Makina: There you are, Chiruchiru! Go, an' tsun no more!
Michiru: First things first, I'm going to explain things to Yumiko. Makina, your scolding begins immediately after!!
Michiru: Sakaki-saaan, you've got it all wrong! All wronnnnng!!
Makina: Huh? She's right back ta normal.
Yuuji: You probably left too much slack in those ropes. Next time, tighten them up until you leave nice deep marks on her wrists, alright? Get her rope-drunk and I'm willing to bet she'll become a lot more obedient.
Makina: What's rope-drunk?
Yuuji: Oh, you'll know it when you see it.
Makina: Gotcha! I'll get her rope-plastered!
Yuuji: And thus, Makina demonstrated a brief glimpse of her hidden potential as a BDSM artist; but after Michiru's vigorous scolding, she would never again put that ability to use.
Yuuji: I watched the promising glimmer of a rising talent slowly, quietly fade away, never to realize its true potential, but couldn't really bring myself to care. The end.
Michiru: Hey! That's a load of crap! What are you trying to pull!?
Yuuji: Hm? Weren't you off trying to clear your name with Sakaki?
Michiru: I've got a bone to pick with you first! What was with that monologue just now!?
Yuuji: Was I off-base? You are planning to scold Makina, right?
Michiru: Yes, but you make it sound like I'm some heartless philistine nipping a prodigy in the bud! Cut it out!
Yuuji: Ah. Sorry about that.
Michiru: That was a completely awful experience, for your information.
Yuuji: Hrm. But then again, didn't it feel really good when she finally untied the ropes?
Michiru: Wha!? Of course it didn't! A-Are you nuts!?
Yuuji: Really? All that stagnant blood, laboring to circulate through your body under the pressure of the ropes, suddenly surged freely through your veins. I think that must have produced at least a light euphoria, as a physiological phenomenon.
Yuuji: I myself once experienced a wave of indescribable pleasure just from loosening the belts on my arms after a pressure training session...
Michiru: I-I have no idea what you're talking about, jerk! Jerk, jerk!
Yuuji: Hrm.
Michiru: I'm not a masochist or anything...
Yuuji: Hm?
Michiru: I'm not a m-masochist! So there!
Yuuji: I didn't say you were. You're overthinking this.
Michiru: Uggh. I'll tie you up next time and see how YOU like it!
Yuuji: ...I see. So you're a sadist?
Michiru: Of course not! J-Jerk!! Pervert!
Yuuji: What a hopelessly confused individual. Can't even figure out her own sexual preferences...

Date: *July 6, 2011, 16:01 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *A surprising number of people believe human beings were literally made by the hand of God. They reject the idea that our species evolved from apes as irreconcilable with their dogma.*
Narration: *There's also a slightly less fundamentalist group that drops the religious language, but believes that some greater power must have guided the creation of humanity.*
Narration: *This "intelligent design" theory might seem like pseudoscientific window dressing aimed at confusing the issue, but personally, I can't dismiss their argument so easily.*
Narration: *Mainly because I find it very difficult to believe that millions of years of natural selection could have produced someone like my master. A designer with a nasty sense of humor seems far more plausible.*
Narration: *If that woman happened to dig up a mysterious monolith from the depths of Jupiter, she would've probably taken it back to her kitchen and used it as a cutting board. What sort of evolutionary process could have produced her?*
Narration: *My master sat cross-legged on my back as I labored through my daily set of push-ups. "Let there be light," she said, and lit her cigarette.*
Narration: *Next, I heard a metallic pop, followed by the hissing release of carbon dioxide. "Let there be beer," she muttered, and downed the can in one gulp.*
Narration: *"You know, there's a lot of guys who say they don't want to become cogs in the machine. Thing is, though, nobody's irreplaceable. There's always somebody else who can do what you do."*
Narration: *"Thinking you're special is like walking around wearing a big fuckin' shiny polka-dot bowtie. It's obnoxious, for one thing, and it's only gonna cause you grief."*
Narration: *"No shame in being a cog. Machine doesn't work without 'em. For the most part, the guys who figure that out are the ones who turn out decent and manage to stay that way."*
Narration: *What's a "decent guy" like, anyway?*
Narration: *"You and me, kid. Don't know many others. At the very least, we're a hell of a lot better than the ones pulling the strings."*
Narration: *We all need our role in the machine. That's a fact everyone has to face eventually. You can't just crawl into a nice dark shoe box, cuddle an air freshener for seventy years, and call it a life.*
Narration: *We only take shape in relation to others.*
Narration: *"Be fruitful and multiply; fill the earth," said my master, tossing nutshells into the distance, a sour excuse for a smile on her face.*
Amane: Hmm, Sacchan's really late...
Yuuji: What's wrong? Something up with Sachi?
Amane: Well, yeah. I asked Sacchan to do a little shopping for me and she just isn't coming back.
Amane: I was hoping she could pick me up this kind of ice cream they only sell every once in a while. I'd feel pretty bad if she had to wander too far away to find it.
Yuuji: Hrm. By limiting the shipments to stores, they manufacture artificial shortages, creating the impression of overwhelming consumer demand. The limited availability builds hype, turning the product into a genuine hit. A classic pattern.
Amane: The manufacturer's strategies might have something to do with it, but this stuff really is good!
Amane: I always try to keep a good amount in reserve, but I got careless and depleted my stash. I need my Buncha Black Sesame Super Swirl, you know?
Yuuji: Never heard of it.
Amane: Figured as much... You've got practically no interest in what you eat, after all.
Yuuji: Way I see it, there are two varieties of food in the world: the type that's necessary for survival, and the type that isn't.
Amane: I mean, it's not like your meals are as bad as all that. I just don't get it.
Yuuji: I'm just saying, fulfilling the basic nutritional requirements comes first. If the meal happens to taste decent, so much the better, but that's a secondary concern.
Michiru: Hachoo! Hachoo!
Michiru: Argh, you guys! You're talking about me behind my back again, aren't you!? You're a real nuisance sometimes! Cut it out!
Michiru: ...B-But, I might have been thinking about you guys myself... just a little bit...
Michiru: ...Nice. That was a beautiful transition! Perfect tsundere.
Narration: *We're always told that "unique" individuals are valued by society for their outside-the-box thinking or whatever. Fact is, though, if you're too different from the rest of the pack, you're just going to get shunned and pushed outside the loop.*
Narration: *Perhaps Michiru mistook that polite fiction for the way the world really works, and concluded it would be wise to become as "unique" as humanly possible. If so, the girl's a sad byproduct of the mealy-mouthed times in which we live.*
Yuuji: You're a victim too, in a way... Hang in there, kid.
Michiru: Huh? I'm perfectly fine, actually. Just cut it out, will you? That's really not funny.
Michiru: A-Anyway, did I hear someone mention Buncha Black Sesame Super Swirl ice cream?
Amane: You sure did! You know the one I'm talking about, Michiru?
Michiru: Hehem, but of course. You really like that stuff, don't you, Amane? Actually, I've got a pretty nice st―
Amane: Yeah, I love it! That's why I just sent Sacchan out to go buy me some.
Michiru: Huh!? Buy you some? Ah, r-right. I see. Sounds like something to look forward to! Okay, I'll just be going now...
Yuuji: Hold on there, Michiru. Aren't you going to finish that sentence? You've got a pretty nice what? Stamp collection? Staph infection? Staph infection collection?
Michiru: I-I didn't say anything remotely like that! I've got a pretty nice st...yle, if I do say so myself. You know, my hair! Don't you agree? Y-Yeah, I wanted to talk about hairstyles!
Yuuji: Oh, was that it? Your hairstyle...? Hrm, it's exactly the same as always.
Amane: Come on, Yuuji, you are so clueless. When a girl asks you a question like that, it means she's changed her hair a little bit. Hmmm... Oh, did you trim your bangs?
Michiru: No, I haven't changed my hair at all, actually.
Amane: Then why bring up your hairstyle all of a sudden!? There's nothing to talk about if you haven't changed it!
Michiru: W-Well, because, uh, because I think the feat of constantly maintaining my high-quality twintails warrants a few compliments!
Yuuji: I'm willing to bet that Sachi does that for you.
Michiru: No she doesn't! Okay, maybe she does! But I still want compliments!
Yuuji: Hrm. Understood, I will now compliment you.
Yuuji: In the process of maturation from infancy, human beings gain the motor skills necessary to make use of muscles previously beyond their control.
Yuuji: That new-found ability to freely run around is so enjoyable that many toddlers can't sit still. The majority of children go through a phase of hyper-activity and fidgety impatience as they revel in the control of their bodies.
Yuuji: The next step in the process of maturation involves developing the ability to restrain the impulse for restless movement. Self-control, in other words.
Yuuji: Accordingly, the fact that you can sit still long enough to have your hair tied up is proof that you aren't a child. You're a big girl now. Awesome job. I'm very proud of you.
Michiru: Do I detect a hint of sarcasm!? Argh, forget this. You are SUCH a jerk!
Amane: Okay, what was all that about...?
Yuuji: Haven't you given up trying to understand by now?
Makina: San-san, saffron. Saffron, rice♪ Saffron rice... Manjuu!♪
Narration: *Just when we've rid ourselves of the noisy blond, someone singing like a drunken sailor arrives in her stead.*
Narration: *If anyone's looking for an actress to play a siren whose voice drives men to dash their ships against the rocks out of sheer irritation, I think I've found a very suitable candidate.*
Makina: Hmm, let's try a nice an' cheerful American theme.
Makina: Ben-ben, Benja-Benjamin-san♪ Born in the USA... Manjuu!♪
Makina: Naaah, this ain't right either.
Makina: I think I'mma need some help after all...
Narration: *If I stay here, I'm going to get caught up in something troublesome. This calls for subtle but immediate evasive action. I begin to quietly inch backward along the lobby floor.*
Amane: Hey, hold it. Where do you think you're going?
Yuuji: Bah. No matter how subtle one's movements may be, the intent to escape is truly difficult to hide...
Amane: Oh, please. You were obviously trying to sneak away, of course I'm going to notice.
Yuuji: I'm proficient at camouflage, concealment, and deception, but clearly stealth under zero-cover conditions is a different beast entirely... I'll have to make this a subject for future study.
Makina: Hey, Ama-nee, do ya know where Sacchin is? I've been lookin' for her for a while now, but she's nowhere ta be found.
Amane: Ah, I'm sorry. She's actually out on a shopping trip for me at the moment.
Makina: Whaaaaat!? Seriously!? What the heeeeck. I really needed Sacchin on this one. My plan's in tatters, ya know? Aargh, woe is me. Th' future's bleak... Uuuuuu.
Amane: C-Come on now, you don't have to get that depressed...
Yuuji: Was it really that important a request? I'm with Amane on this one. You're going a little overboard with the melodrama.
Makina: Of course I'm depressed. It's only nat'shural that I despair. This is just... too much... The zzzzeeeeb'aaaassss...
Amane: Hmm, what? Okay, let's just calm down. I'll help you out until Sacchan gets back, so cheer up, okay?
Yuuji: Uh, I think you may come to regret making that offer.
Amane: This has to be serious, just look at how dejected the poor girl is. I've gotta help her out!
Yuuji: All right, whatever you say...
Amane: There, there, Makina. If you need help, you just let me know, okay?
Makina: ...sing...
Amane: Sorry? I can't hear you, speak up a little bit.
Makina: ...Sing. Sing for me, I say!
Amane: Huh!? What the heck? What're you talking about?
Makina: Mmkay, so I was kickin' back and watchin' some archived teevee shows in th' AV classroom just now, ya know?
Makina: Then all of a sudden, there's this commercial for a manjuu shop... and they're runnin' a song competition with "fabulous prizes" for th' best entries!
Yuuji: Well, that explains the bizarre pastry-themed song you were working on earlier.
Makina: I did my honest best, but I don't think I've got much in th' way of musical intelligence... My entry has gotta be a song that shakes th' soul of all who hear it!
Makina: In the end I decided ta just have Sacchin do it for me, but somebody got to her first. So now, Ama-nee, I want ya to sing in her place! No, I demand it! Sing!
Amane: Whaaat!? C-Come on now, that's a little much to spring on me all of a sudden. There's no way anyone can just come up with an original song on the spot, you know...?
Makina: I wanna song, I wanna song, I wanna song! Make me a song! I'm yearnin' for those fabulous prizes so bad it hurts!
Yuuji: What's this prize you're so desperate to get your hands on? A postcard with the word "winner" stamped on the back?
Makina: Pshaw, it's not that kinda crummy crap. Hear and be amazed: th' grand prize is none other than "one year's worth of zebras!" Submit your applications via th' Internet now!
Amane: One year's worth of zebras? Are you serious?
Makina: Ooh, yes... My dreams, realized. My thirst, quenched. My zebras, striped!
Yuuji: I'm assuming it's pretty hard to raise a zebra in a normal household, so that prize seems really unnatural for a contest advertised to the general public. In the first place, what does "a year's worth" mean? How many animals?
Makina: There's nothin' unnatural about it! Every lion family in th' world is linin' up for their shot at the prize, and they're about as natural as it gets!
Yuuji: So it's "one year's worth of zebra" in the all-you-can-eat sense? Hmm. I'm not sure how many lions would have seen that program, though... And do you really think they can handle submitting their applications online...?
Makina: Of course they can! E-mail address: lion at king-of-beasts dot com! It's just a bit tricky ta type with those big ol' paws of theirs, that's all! Roooooar!
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Amane, I'm getting the feeling that Makina may have misheard somewhat.
Amane: That seems pretty likely, yes. Hey, Makina, do you remember exactly what they said? Can you reproduce it for us?
Makina: But of course! Uhhm.
Makina: And so, the Bonbore manjuu shop is holding a contest! Your song could be featured in our next commercial! And for that lucky winning entrant... "Sit back and enjoy your flight in the lap of luxury..."
Makina: "See the auroras of Iceland to your heart's content! Courtesy of travel agency Nice Flight Tourist, we present you with one year's worth of zebras!"
Makina: Somethin' like that.
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Makina, listen up.
Makina: What?
Yuuji: I don't think they actually said "one year's worth of zebras" at the end there...
Yuuji: Maybe something like an "Aurora-viewing air trip to Iceland," instead? Just guessing.
Makina: ...............
Makina: Ah, hey, you're right!! I was thinkin' about zebras durin' that whole show, so I musta mixed things up a little bit in my head!!
Amane: What kind of a mix-up is that!? They're not remotely similar!!
Makina: Eheheheh, oopsy-doopsy. Come ta think of it, nobody said a thing about zees or bras.
Yuuji: Well then. The prize has shifted from zebras to auroras. Still interested in making a song for the contest?
Makina: Hmm, I'm not really feelin' the roras compared to the zebras... but, well, I guess it's worth a shot...
Michiru: Hachoo! Hachoo!
Michiru: Argh, you guys! You're talking about me behind my back yet again, aren't you!? How many times do I have to tell you!?
Michiru: B-But, I might have gotten a little lonely for your company myself... No, it's nothing! Forget I ever said that. No, you can remember if you want, just make sure you forget first, got it!?
Michiru: ...Alright, even perfecter.
Yuuji: Okay, so about the song...
Michiru: Hey, hey, hey, hey! Why are you ignoring me? What's your problem?
Yuuji: Sorry, but more than a tsundere, you're coming off as a blithering idiot with a pathological inability to make up her mind. Can't you be a little more subtle about this?
Michiru: Was it really that awkward? Uggh. I gotta do it more naturally... Become one with the tsundere, in body and mind...
Narration: *Amane's eyes flash as she watches Michiru babble on. Even before she speaks, I can tell that she's decided to offer the perplexed girl forth as a sacrificial lamb.*
Amane: Hey, I know, Makina. How about you get Michiru to make it for you?
Michiru: Huh? M-Make what?
Makina: Hrrm, I see. Makin' Chiruchiru sing for me sounds pretty appealin', actually.
Michiru: S-Sing? Come on, what are you talking about!?
Makina: Okay, we're gonna have us an audition now, so please leave your clothes in th' basket over there.
Michiru: What basket? Why do I have to take my clothes off in the first place? Also, an audition for what? You're just burying me in mysteries here!
Amane: Okay Michiru, I'm leaving the mystery tour to you. Knock their socks off!
Michiru: Whaaat!? Hold on a second! How am I supposed to do that!? Socks!? What!?
Makina: The song, of course. Knock our socks off wit' your song.
Michiru: You want, uh, a song? Y-You want ME to sing?
Makina: Yeah, you. C'mon, Chiruchiru, you're interested in th' rora too, aren't ya?
Michiru: R-Rora?
Makina: Right, the rora. Not zebras, rora. Ya follow?
Michiru: ...O-Of course I do! You're talking about the non-zebra kind of rora, right? Everyone knows what that is! Yeah, sure, I'm super interested in that!
Makina: Figured ya would be. It's all glowy an' droopy an' all that good stuff.
Michiru: D-Droopy...? R-Right, it's super droopy! That's the best part!
Makina: Huh? What, ya serious? That's what ya like about it?
Michiru: Whah? I, uh... Y-Yeah, that's the best part! I like the droopy, okay!?
Makina: Hmm. Chiruchiru, are you sure you know what a rora is?
Michiru: O-Of course I do! To tell the truth, I've kept quiet until now, but I'm a rora myself! And proud of it! So there!
Makina: Whaaat!? Ya were a rora all along, Chiruchiru!?
Michiru: That's right! I'm a nice droopy rora, for your information! ...Okay, that sounds really wrong somehow...
Yuuji: ...I'll be going now, if you don't mind.
Michiru: No way, absolutely not! Stick around, got it!?
Yuuji: Just listening to this conversation is giving me a serious headache... But if you insist, I guess I'll endure it for a little longer.
Makina: Okay, maybe Chiruchiru's a rora, but that's all the more reason! An original song, if you please! Do it for yer rora brethren!
Michiru: Right, for the roras, an or... Huh!? Original!?  ...R-Right, gotta sing, I guess! Here goes! You'd better listen carefully!!
Michiru: C-Come to think of it, I was just thinking yesterday that I should make up an original song or two! I've been in a singy mood all day! Nice timing, really!
Michiru: Okay, then. A-Ahem. I'm gonna sing your socks off!
Michiru: Uhhhhm...
Michiru: Ah, almost forgot. I-It's not like I'm singing for your sake or anything!
Yuuji: Can't do without the formalities. However utterly pointless they may be.
Michiru: All right, then.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: H-How about a little applause first, huh!?
Makina: Yaaay. Clappy clap.
Michiru: A-All right, then...
Michiru: Ah, what sort of lyrics are you looking for?
Makina: Welp, somethin' that conveys sweetness would be great.
Michiru: Sweetness, huh? Got it.
Yuuji: Michiru, do you really understand? When she says "sweetness," it's because this song is for a past...
Michiru: Quiet, you! I'm thinking up my lyrics right now! ...Hm, hmm.Okay, all done. Here goes...
Michiru: All righty right then.
Michiru: ♪Someday dreaming～ My heart is mi corazon～
Michiru: ♪After school, waiting for you, behind the gym.
Michiru: ♪Love? Kiss? No way! No chance! I wantchu!
Michiru: ♪I admire you～ Oh South Wind～
Michiru: ♪From which comes the East Wind～
Michiru: ♪And finally, no wind... at all～
Makina: ....................................
Michiru: Haa, haa... I've sung all that I could sing.
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend.
Michiru: W-What now? Satisfied, I assume? Hoo.
Yuuji: My apologies. It seems our explanation was insufficient. We needed you to come up with an advertising jingle for a pastry manufacturer called Bonbore.
Michiru: Huh?
Yuuji: You see, the company's trying to find a song for their next commercial, with an aurora-viewing tour as the grand prize. Makina's hoping to win the contest. That was the whole point of this entire exercise.
Michiru: Huh? Wha? Shwa?
Yuuji: When Makina asked you for lyrics expressive of "sweetness," she wanted you to describe the flavor of a manjuu bun, not come up with saccharine pseudo-poetry.
Yuuji: Accordingly, the original song you just offered us was an utter waste of effort. You have covered yourself in disgrace, and the world would be a happier place if none of this had ever happened. My condolences.
Michiru: Gyaaaaaaa! T-T-Too embarrassing!! Wait, rora was short for aurora!? I knew that all along, by the way!
Makina: Argh. I'm not gonna get me my rora with a weird-ass song like that... not that I really wanted 'em that much. But still.
Makina: Ya let me down big time, Chiruchiru... "Wantchu?" Are you fer real...? Gah, you've totally stamped out th' last embers of my enthusiasm. You can go away now, by the way.
Michiru: S-Shut up already! It's not my fault you two didn't explain things properly! I thought you just wanted me to sing anything that came into my head!
Makina: No wind... at all～♪ ...*Siiigh*
Michiru: Ugggh. Why did I have to be the one singing, anyway!? Why not make Yuuji try!?
Michiru: Yeah, that's right! You made me sing, so it's only fair that you have a turn too! Hehehe, don't think you can weasel your way out of this!
Yuuji: Yeah, I don't mind. Here goes.
Michiru: Uh, what?
Yuuji: ...Ahem.
Yuuji: There's lots of manjuu out there～ But ours are made with care～ So if you really want the best～ You'll want to put us to the test～
Yuuji: Here and there～ Might be pretty fair～ But just put them to the test～ And ours will prove the best～♪
Yuuji: Bonbore-brand maaaanjuuu～♪
Yuuji: They're the best!
Yuuji: Something along those lines?
Michiru: W-What the heck!? That was perfect! There was absolutely no need for me to sing in the first place!
Yuuji: Pop music in general tends to be pretty formulaic, and advertising jingles in particular usually have fairly simple, catchy patterns. I just combined a few of those.
Makina: Hawhoaa. Dang, I really shoulda just asked you right off the bat. Coulda spared Chiruchiru some completely pointless humiliation.
Michiru: ...Unbelievable! Screw this! I'm outta here!
Makina: Goin' to the mountains?
Michiru: No! My room!
Makina: In the mountains?
Michiru: There aren't any rooms in the mountains!!
Makina: ...I think there are, though? Like, cabins or whatever...? There totally are... Come on...
Yuuji: That's not what she's really upset about. I think our good-natured ribbing may have angered her somewhat.
Makina: Ah man, we hurt Chiruchiru's feelings...?
Yuuji: I think it's more accurate to say we gave her the opportunity to disgrace herself. The most serious damage to her ego was entirely self-inflicted.
Yuuji: For a person with a standard capacity for embarrassment, that level of humiliation might have inspired a suicide attempt on the spot. Thank goodness she's too stupid to know much in the way of shame.
Sachi: Amane-saaan, I'm back. Sorry for the delay... Huh?
Makina: Ah, Sacchin. Just th' person I wanted ta see. I seem to have offended Chiruchiru just now. Could ya apologize for me?
Sachi: Yes, I don't mind... but I'm in the middle of delivering something to Amane-san right now. Would you mind if I finished that job first?
Makina: Ah, ya can just put off Ama-nee's request 'til later. She said so herself. No problem.
Sachi: Well, in that case I suppose it's all right...
Makina: Hokay then, good luck with Chiruchiru.
Yuuji: She ran away, plain and simple...
Sachi: Kazami-san, I don't think I quite understand the situation...
Narration: *Sachi's naturally confused, so I provide a brief summary of the circumstances.*
Sachi: I see... So that's the nature of our problem.
Narration: *After a moment of silent contemplation, Sachi seems to have reached a conclusion.*
Sachi: It seems that the ultimate cause of this incident was Amane-san's rash promise of assistance, so it would only be proper for her to offer an apology as well.
Sachi: Of course, as I was off shopping in this time of crisis, I bear significant responsibility myself. By my best estimate, this situation is slightly less than 70% my fault.
Yuuji: Hrm. I'm not surprised to hear you say that, but I have to disagree.
Sachi: More than 80%, then?
Yuuji: No, your responsibility is pretty close to zero. I think we should probably have Amane own up to this one.
Sachi: Yes, I think you may be right. That seems like an appropriate gesture of good will. Whatever Amane-san's intentions, Michiru-sama suffered as a result of her decision, so an apology appears to be warranted.
Sachi: However, as Maki-chan requested that I apologize, I fully intend to do so.
Yuuji: I see... In that case, shall we drag Amane along and make it a group apology?
Sachi: Yes, certainly.
Sachi: Therefore, could you apologize to Michiru-sama? Of course, I will be doing so as well.
Amane: Geez, what a mess... I shouldn't have agreed so casually.
Sachi: All right. Please prepare to press your head against the ground until your forehead bleeds, as we shall be groveling at her feet in what is popularly referred to as the bloody kowtow.
Amane: Popularly!? Do you seriously think we need to grovel at her feet!?
Sachi: Naturally. If by any chance Michiru-sama cannot find it in her heart to forgive us... I am fully prepared to atone for my misdeeds by cutting my stomach open on the spot.
Amane: L-Look, I'm sure she's going to forgive us even if we skip the groveling. And even if she doesn't, I don't think you need to cut your stomach open. Uh, no. Don't cut your stomach open, period!
Sachi: Are you quite sure...? I remember reading that harakiri is the ultimate expression of atonement available to the Japanese. If disemboweling myself isn't a suitable act of penance, where do you suggest I make the cut?
Amane: I really don't think you need to cut any part of yourself open...
Sachi: I see. If you're that certain, Amane-san, I will abandon that plan. Pulverization it shall be.
Amane: Aaaaaah! Look, I'll apologize, I really will, so PLEASE stop saying stuff like that! Michiru, Michiruuuu!
Amane: Open the door! Please! If you don't hurry, this is going to get really, really ugly!
Sachi: Michiru-sama doesn't seem to be responding. Perhaps it was too much to hope she might forgive us. On an unrelated note, were you aware that the word "pulverization" comes from the latin for "reduce to dust?" 
Amane: Michiruuuu! Open uppppp!
Michiru: Hey, what the heck are you screaming about out here!? This better be good!
Sachi: Michiru-sama is deeply upset... Clearly, a conventional apology will no longer suffice. Very well then, I shall...
Amane: Wait, Sacchan! We haven't even asked yet! Hey, Michiru, you'll forgive us if we apologize nicely, right? Of course you will. Say you will!
Michiru: Huh? F-Forgive you? *Gasp!* D-Don't be silly, that should be obvious!
Amane: Ah, thank goodness!
Michiru: Even if you apologize, it's not like I'm going to forgive you or anything! ...Beautiful!
Amane: That's NOT what I needed from you right now!
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, I really think you should drop the tsundere act for the time being.
Michiru: Ugh. W-What are you saying? This isn't an act! I'm really angry, for your information! Hmhmph. I'm never ever going to forgive you, got it!?
Michiru: ...By the way, forgive you for what?
Sachi: Michiru-sama's wrath exceeds even my most dire expectations... I'm afraid the sacrifice of my body alone will no longer suffice to make amends for our misdeeds.
Sachi: I assume you know what that means, Amane-san? You do understand what I'm telling you, correct? Allow me to remove all possible confusion. We are going to atone for our sins by pulverizing ourselves. I assume that's acceptable?
Amane: Michiru, I'm really, uh, sorry, so please forgive us! Like, right now, if you know what's good for you!!
Michiru: Wha!? H-Hmph. I said I'm not gonna forgive you, all right? Don't make me repeat myself. Incidentally, for what? Come on, why are you apologizing!?
Sachi: Amane-san, allow me to demonstrate the proper procedure. Well then, which finger shall be the first to go?
Amane: Noooooooooo!
Michiru: Huh? Wha? Hwa? Hey, Yuuji, w-what the heck is going on?
Yuuji: Okay, to make a long story short... Makina asked Amane to sing, but she pushed the job off onto you, ultimately resulting in your thorough humiliation. Sachi is planning to atone for this misdeed by pulverizing her fingers.
Michiru: Whaaaaaaaa!? I don't get it! What does Sachi have to do with any of this!?
Yuuji: Well, pretty much nothing.
Michiru: R-Right!? S-So why is she doing this!?
Sachi: ...I am truly sorry. Although Maki-chan requested that I apologize in her place, that is no excuse for causing you such evident distress. Please allow me to atone for upsetting you by smashing my fingers into a bloody pulp...
Michiru: No no no no, that's not what I'm saying! I'm not upset at you!
Sachi: *Gasp*... I attempted to atone even though you weren't upset at me? I am truly, truly sorry. If it has come to this, I have no choice. Please allow me to atone for my blunder by cutting my stomach into a bloody...
Michiru: I forgive you! I forgive you, so stop! Please, just stop! Please! I'm sorry! I forgive you, so please forgive me!!
Sachi: You're willing to forgive us!?
Amane: Look, see? Michiru said it's okay! Let's all just calm down!
Sachi: ...You are really, truly willing to forgive our misdeeds?
Michiru: Yes, really. I swear. It's all okay now, all right? Water under the bridge.
Yuuji: Hey, Michiru. What happened to your tsundere pride?
Michiru: Gah... I-It's not like I'm lying or anything!!
Yuuji: Okay, I don't think it counts if you just drop your real thoughts into the stock phrases.
Michiru: S-Shaddup, you. Anyway, I officially forgive you! So please stop staying disturbing stuff!
Sachi: As you wish. Well, that seems to be that, Amane-san. All's well that ends well.
Amane: Thank goodness!! Oh, thank goodness!! Thank you, Michiru!!
Michiru: I-I'm relieved, for your information! It's not like all's well that ends well or anything!
Sachi: Well then, Amane-san, the next order of business would be your request from earlier.
Amane: Oh, I completely forget. Were you able to find any of that Super Swirl ice cream?
Sachi: Yes, of course. It wasn't in Sanyo's ice cream corner, so I strongly considered slaying myself on the spot―
Sachi: But fortunately, when I checked Shoei's on the opposite side of the station, I managed to find a single carton misplaced in the frozen food section. I am not ashamed to admit that I wept tears of joy.
Sachi: Well then, I'm sorry for the delay. Here you are, the notorious, continuously sold-out Buncha Black Sesa...
Yuuji: Hrm, seems it's completely melted in the heat. Nothing but ice cream soup at this point, I imagine.
Sachi: ............
Narration: *Sachi's return to tranquility seems to have been short-lived, as she's currently exhibiting pronounced nystagmus. In less technical terms, her eyes are spinning around like those of a cartoon animal that just took an anvil to the head.*
Amane: S-Sac...chan? Hey, no big deal. It's the heat, there's nothing you can do about that.
Sachi: ...I f-failed... to acquire the... I, I... Gaah...
Narration: *A careless mistake of this sort must be a truly bitter pill to swallow, considering Sachi's obsessive devotion to her duties. Her evident dismay is almost disturbing to watch. No one seems to know what to say.*
Narration: *Oddly enough, the first of us to speak is Michiru; and stranger still, she does so in a bright, cheerful voice that cuts decisively through the awkward atmosphere.*
Michiru: Ahh! Awesome, what a coincidence! That's perfect!!
Sachi: Huh?
Michiru: Hey, Sachi, hurry up and hand that over! Man, talk about nice timing!
Sachi: Uhm, I'm sorry, what are you talking about?
Michiru: Thing is, I absolutely love eating this ice cream when it's nice and gooey! I was just thinking I'd go put some out in the sun for a while, and here you are with a whole carton already melted! Perfect timing! What are the odds!?
Sachi: R-Really?
Michiru: You betcha! Come on, fork it over. I'm going to chug it down right away!
Narration: *Forcefully seizing the liquid ice cream from the dubious Sachi, Michiru peels the lid off the carton with a smile.*
Narration: *The contents slosh thickly against the sides of the container. Thanks to the ominous color of the black sesame, it resembles nothing so much as a deep, dark swamp.*
Michiru: Down da hatch!
Michiru: *Gulp* *Gulp* *Glurp*... Blehh.
Sachi: "Blehh?" Just now, I thought I heard something like a sob of agony...?
Michiru: You're hearing things! *Gulp* *Glurp* *Guh*... Hoo-hah! Soooo good! That's what I'm talking about! This is exactly what I needed!
Amane: H-Hey, it all worked out for the best, Sacchan! Look how happy Michiru is!
Yuuji: So it would seem. Her face may be stained a disturbing shade of grey, but just look at that smile.
Michiru: Blaaarb.
Sachi: Blaa...rb? Just now, I thought I heard something like an irrepressible moan of profound suffering...?
Michiru: Hearing things again! I very clearly said "Nice jaaarb melting that ice cream!"
Sachi: Ah, I see. I'm very happy I could be of help to you, Michiru-sama.
Sachi: And yet, there's no avoiding the fact that I have utterly failed to fulfill Amane-san's request... In the end, I think I must seek atonement through pulverization after all...
Amane: No, that's really okay, you know? I'm, well, I mean...
Michiru: Don't be silly, that's no problem either! I've got a nice stash in my fridge that I will kindly bestow on Amane. It's nice and cool, I'm sure she'll be pleased!
Sachi: Wah, really?
Michiru: I-I'll go get it, so you just wait a second!
Michiru: Haa, haa... Here you go, the ice cream.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Michiru: Haa, haa... I-It's not like I brought it out for your sake or anything...
Narration: *I really think she's straining the suspension of disbelief on that one, but as a kind and thoughtful man, I tactfully decide to keep that opinion to myself.*
Amane: Okay, Sacchan, I'll give you half. How about we go eat it in the lobby?
Sachi: Oh, are you sure?
Amane: Of course. Need to give you a little thanks for your work, after all.
Sachi: Very well. Thank you very much.
Michiru: Haa... E-Enjoy, if you must! But don't think I'll let you off easy...
Michiru: Haa, haa...
Narration: *Amane walks off with Sachi in tow. Michiru watches them until they're out of sight, gingerly rubbing her belly with both hands.*
Michiru: Haa, haa... guh... W-What are YOU looking at?
Yuuji: For a tsundere, you're remarkably considerate at times.
Michiru: W-What are you talking about? I really do like my Buncha Black Sesame melted! Not that it's any of your business! Bleeeh.
Yuuji: I see. All right then, if you say so.
Michiru: H-Hey, don't get any funny ideas, okay!?
Yuuji: Like what?
Michiru: Like, I drank the ice cream because... Wait, you're really not suspicious? In that case, I don't need to tell you anything! Hmph!
Yuuji: Yes, you don't really need to tell me. On a completely unrelated subject, take a few of these. It's seirogan. Herbal remedy, does wonders for indigestion.
Michiru: Ugh, they stink! What are you thinking, giving this to a girl!? I mean, is this stuff even medicine? They look more like little balls of dirt.
Yuuji: Quit yapping and swallow a few, it'll help a bit. You feel terrible, don't you?
Michiru: Y-Yeah... Uh, Yuuji...
Yuuji: What?
Michiru: Uhm... Uh, U-Uhm, Uh―
Yuuji: Spit it out.
Michiru: Y-Yeah... a-at...
Yuuji: At?
Michiru: A-At least sugar-coat them, idiot! Blech! Jeeeeyeerk!
Yuuji: I see. It seems I'm still somewhat lacking in consideration toward women.
Narration: *The bitter scent of uncoated seirogan pills tickles my nose as I turn away from the tsundere woman's room. It might be a simple misunderstanding on my part, but I'm beginning to think she may have a surprisingly thoughtful side.*

Date: *July 7, 2011, 09:30 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *―This school doesn't employ a gym teacher.*
Narration: *And yet, our curriculum includes regularly scheduled physical education periods. *
Narration: *It's said that late in the course of a certain war, a dearth of instructors meant the "intensive training" of new conscripts was truly worthless; it was continued mainly to keep up appearances. Similar motives probably apply in this case.*
Narration: *With no teacher, this class is of course "educational" in name alone. Essentially, it's no different from the "recreation" periods we were assigned at my previous school―*
Narration: *We're simply given independent drill time, in which we're free to pursue whatever exercise we deem necessary to maintain our physical condition.*
Yuuji: ...All right, I'm going for a run. Anyone want to come along?
Michiru: Whaaat? Why the heck would anyone go running in this ridiculous heat? Are you nuts?
Yumiko: ...I've heard that overindulgence in runner's high can develop into a legitimate addiction. Do be careful...
Yuuji: Look, you guys... this is gym class, okay? Would it kill you to at least change into more appropriate clothing...?
Sachi: Well, I...
Yuuji: Yeah, I know, Sachi. It's a maid uniform "specialized for physical exercise," right? Good enough. How about the rest of you?
Makina: Uuu... c'mooon, this school's athletic clothes're totally lame... Nobody wants to wear that track suit thing, ya know?
Yuuji: Don't be spoiled. Compared to the baby blue sweats JSDF recruits get, it's downright fashionable!
Amane: Come on, don't be too hard on her. I'll tag along on your run, okay?
Yuuji: ...You're not wearing the right clothes either, you know...
Amane: Well, uh... Yeah, there's no way I can wear those things at my age. I mean, if the top was a full-zip it might be slightly less dorky... but seriously, those rubber bits on the pants are just awful.
Yuuji: So what? It's perfectly functional.
Amane: Yeah, yeah. All right, want to start off with a sprint? Get the lead out, soldier! Or whatever.
Yuuji: ...Don't come crying to me if you get exhausted halfway through...
Michiru: Ah geez, there they go... Unbelievable. What's the appeal of running around in this brutal weather...?
Makina: Ama-nee's been worryin' about her weight lately. She's probably tryin' to sweat off some pounds.
Sachi: Uhhm... well then, what shall the rest of us do...?
Michiru: ...Whaaaaatever. Do we really have to do anything? Doing nothing sounds good to me. That work for you, Yumiko?
Yumiko: Yes, it's not as if we've been assigned any particular activity. If we're just out here to get our "fresh air," it seems to me we're free to do whatever we please. Within reason, of course.
Yumiko: I myself will be reading in the shade of the trees over there, if you need me.
Michiru: Whaaa! Hey, you! Where the heck did that lounge chair come from?
Yumiko: Funny thing about that... I simply muttered to myself, "the only thing I want to do on such a hot day is quietly read in the shade with a nice cold lemon soda..."
Yumiko: And before I knew it, a thoughtful maid had graciously made the necessary preparations.
Michiru: Sachi! This is your doing!?
Sachi: Ah, yes... If you'd like, Michiru-sama, I can of course do the same for you.
Michiru: Hmm... sounds kinda nice in a way, but I'm not really a big fan of just sitting around for long periods of time...
Yumiko: Well, suit yourself. Do try your best not to disturb me...
Michiru: ...Tch... that girl needs a serious attitude adjustment...
Makina: Mmkay, I'm gonna get started with my trainin' routine!
Michiru: Training...? Uh, what are you planning to do, exactly?
Makina: Hmwo? Lessee... Thought I'd start with some light aerobic exercise ta get my nitric oxide levels up, then practice my Kazami-style Super Self-Defense techniques.
Michiru: Whaaat? Super Self-Defense...? You for real? That sounds completely bogus... Is that why you've been hanging out with Yuuji so much lately? You're learning more of his nonsense?
Makina: What are you calling nonsense!? We live in a world where th' weak are hunted as prey! Self-defense is incredibly important, ya know!? And this is the super version! Underestimate it at yer own peril!
Michiru: ...Well, I guess I understand where you're coming from. I'm more wondering if he's actually teaching you anything useful.
Makina: If you're that dubious, feel free ta put it to th' test!! Come at me!!
Michiru: Your funeral! Here I go!! Hiya!! 
Makina: Waah...!!
Makina: Nooooooooo!! Helllp meeeeeeeee!! Tunafish Maaaaaaan!!
Michiru: Agh, shut UP!! Who the heck is Tunafish Man? Can you explain how shrieking at me is a self-defense technique, let alone a "super" one!?
Makina: ...Huh? Chiruchiru, do ya really need to have everythin' spoon-fed to you?
Michiru: God, you piss me off sometimes! Don't give me that blank stare!
Makina: Okay, listen carefully. I'll spell it out for ya. However much you practice this sorta stuff, when push comes to shove you're usually gonna be too scared ta move!
Makina: So rather than learnin' martial arts an' buildin' up a lot of dangerously unfounded confidence, your first priority should be ta practice screamin' for help really loud!
Michiru: What the heck? How is that self-defense? You're just relying on other people to help...
Sachi: But from what I've heard, she's not mistaken on this point.
Sachi: For one thing, if you call for help your assailant will typically be taken aback. Michiru-sama, you instinctively released your grip on Maki-chan when she shouted, did you not?
Michiru: ...Well... come on, anybody's going to get a little surprised if you start screaming in their face like that...
Sachi: Indeed. According to Kazami-san, the majority of criminals will begin a mugging attempt by intimidating their victim and warning them to "keep quiet," but―
Sachi: When you consider the matter logically, such a threat is necessary precisely because their job will be made very difficult if you shout...
Sachi: Of course, some people do suggest that it's safest to offer no resistance whatsoever and do as the criminal tells you―
Sachi: But then again, ready obedience may cause the criminal to think of you as a "spineless wimp," escalating their confidence and greed. It seems there have been a fair number of such cases that ended in murder...
Makina: In other words, step one is ta scream your heart out! If ya make enough noise, the criminal will definitely be startled, and you'll get 'em worried someone might show up and catch 'em!
Makina: At that point, hurtin' their victim is gonna seem like a desperate, risky move. They'll prob'ly decide it's smarter ta run away without doin' anything!
Michiru: ...H-Hrrm... I see. It sort of makes sense now...
Michiru: But what if you happen to run into a stubborn criminal, and there's nobody around to help? Seems kind of pointless.
Makina: Wait, there's more! You're gonna be frozen with fear at first, but when ya scream, your whole body naturally relaxes a little bit. That paralyzin' tension in your muscles will loosen up, and you'll be able to move again!
Makina: After that, it's time ta launch your counterattack!
Michiru: ...Counterattack? What does that involve...?
Makina: Mmkay, Chiruchiru, you're playin' the criminal. Spa-sific'lly, a mugger with a knife. Got it?
Michiru: Ah, fine, whatever. A knife, huh? Is it in my right hand or my left?
Makina: The heck does that matter...? But even as I speak, I'm hidin' my dominant arm behind my back...
Michiru: ...Hm...?
Makina: ...You flinched a bit, ya know? I'm willin' to bet a certain thought just ran through your head... "Does she have a weapon back there?" Well, do I...?
Michiru: ...Hr-Hrmph...
Makina: An' now comes the standoff... The fierce starin' match drags on... As th' seconds tick by, the criminal weighs her options over an' over again. Fight...? Run...?
Makina: Even as she wavers indecisively, her attention is gradually drawn to th' movements of my hidden hand... Th' slight shifts of my right shoulder...
Makina: After all, who knows what I've got back here, right...?
Makina: Might be a knife... Might be a gun... Hell, might be a can of hairspray I could fire in her eyes, or even a cell phone I could throw ta break her guard...
Makina: The more she worries, the more her eyes are glued ta every twitch of my muscles... Her focus grows tighter and tighter...
Michiru: ...Kuh...!
Makina: By simply hidin' my right arm, I've not only held my assailant's movements in check, I've gained control of her thoughts... and now...
Michiru: ...Huh?
Michiru: ...Hahoof!!
Sachi: Splendid!!
Makina: I know, right? An explosive approach to point-blank range! Aimin' at the solar plexus, jaw, nose, or whatever vital spot takes my fancy at th' moment, a vicious headbutt without a moment's hesitation! It's a brutal human bullet attack!
Michiru: ...*Hack*... Guh... h... Y-You... You just... disappeared for a second... *Wheeze*...! 
Makina: Indeed! That's the "slide dash" combo! When a person is intensely concentratin' on somethin' in particular, they get serious tunnel vision, ya know?
Makina: By abruptly slidin' your body outside that narrowed field of focus, they'll momentarily lose track of ya entirely. In that moment, you charge in to attack!! 
Sachi: What are you doing, Michiru-sama!? Do you want to be dragged off to jail in disgrace!? Counterattack! Counterattack, I beg of you!
Michiru: ...Guh...! You little!!
Makina: Oho!? Even if your opponent works herself into an irrational frenzy and lunges at you, you can't get flustered and try to flee!
Makina: Long ago, a Spartan mother said these wise words: if you have time to lament that your sword is too short, take a step closer to the enemy! At times like these, fight your instincts and take one bold step toward th' enemy!
Michiru: ...Guh... agh...!
Makina: When ya charge forward fearlessly, the enemy will in-stinckt-ively pull her upper body back in fear of another headbutt. An' as her center of gravity shifts, you reach out an' give her a sharp little shove on the shoulders...
Michiru: Ah! Wah! He-! Hey!!
Makina: Easily throwin' her off balance entirely, see? Now, there's the option of immediately launchin' a tackle toward her unstable lower body, grabbin' her around the knees, and yankin' up to land an easy knockdown, but―
Makina: We've ac'shully got an even better option here! As the criminal braces herself in an attempt ta avoid falling over backward, I reach out, grab her by th' scruff of her neck, an' pull her toward me!
Michiru: Wha-!? Ah... he...!! Wai...!!
Makina: By pullin' your opponent in the same direction she's swingin' her body, it's possible ta draw her toward you at a considerable speed!
Makina: Now, ya simply give her a light jab to th' jaw! The force of her momentum will turn it into an effective counterpunch, leadin' to a nice little concussion! Like so. Kapowie!
Michiru: ...Ghh...!
Makina: If your opponent happens to collapse to the ground in a heap, her eyeballs shakin' in their sockets like jello in an earthquake, that's your chance!
Makina: Make good use of th' boots on your feet! Fire off a nice hard blow to the throat an' crush her windpipe. Or, if the mood strikes you, kick her hard in th' gut and rupture her internal organs! Like so!!
Michiru: ...Guaaah!?
Makina: An' finally, when your opponent stops twitchin', cautiously leave the scene of the crime! Run right up to the nearest police officer and shout...
Makina: "Please help me! I've been assaulted by a ruffian!"  Like so! Now you try!
Sachi: Please help me! I've been assaulted by a ruffian!!
Makina: M'keh! Perfection!!
Michiru: ...Ugh... Gaah... Perfect... my ass...! If anything! You're the ruffian here...!! Gaaack...!!
Makina: Ah! Crap, that's right! I forgot about broadcastin' my victimhood durin' the fight!
Makina: Okay, so when ya launch a headbutt or kick or whatever... Yell somethin' like "Please stop!" or "Someone, anyone!" every time ya land a hit, okay? Make sure ya remember that part. It's important stuff.
Sachi: ...Playing the victim even as you rain down excessive violence on the enemy and utterly rob her of any ability to defend herself... This truly is Super Self-Defense, Maki-chan...
Makina: Well, it only went this well 'cause the opponent was Chiruchiru. Onii-chan said ta try to stick to the shouting, ya know?
Makina: Accordin' to him, martial arts are somethin' ya practice in order to gain the courage to scream when you need to!
Sachi: In other words, it's a school of self-defense aimed at a safe escape rather than a victorious fight?
Makina: Now you've got th' idea!
Michiru: ...Don't... give me that crap...!
Amane: ...I'm with Michiru on this one... It's really not a good idea to take anything that meathead says at face value...
Makina: Uwo? Ama-nee? Back already?
Amane: Uugh... what was I thinking...? It's so goddamn hot... Just one lap around the school... and I'm totally soaked in sweat... Running in this weather was just insane... I'm dying...
Makina: ...What about Onii-chan? Where'd he go?
Amane: That man cannot be human... He ran calmly off toward the station with this cool look on his face... He's a cyborg. There's no other explanation...
Sachi: An intriguing theory... Kazami-san himself did once say "I was just made that way," if I remember correctly...
Michiru: ...This is the last straw... Someone needs to tell him off... How dare he teach Makina all this crap! It's his fault I... I...!! Uuggh...!!
Amane: ...By the way, anyone want to tell me why Michiru's lying in a heap on the ground? Or why she's covered head to toe in mud...?
Makina: It's very simple! You see, I am the victim here!!
Amane: ...Sorry, I'm an idiot. I really don't follow...
Narration: *Soon after, having returned to the athletic grounds, I ended up having to apologize to Michiru over something or other in order to deflect a mysterious fit of violent indignation...*
Narration: *And to this day, I have no idea what she was so angry about.*

Date: *July 7, 2011, 12:20 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Principal: ...And there's the bell. This seems like a good point to stop, anyway. That will be all for today's Modern Japanese class.
Narration: *At the sound of the bell, the principal promptly cuts off the lesson and puts away her chalk.*
Narration: *Her consistent punctuality in these matters is reminiscent of a clock-punching civil servant counting down the years until retirement. Perhaps I should try to learn from her example.*
Makina: Which means it's feedin' time at long last. Let's stick our snouts in the trough an' snarf up our slop while squealin' like starved hogs!
Amane: ...I'll let that unpleasant remark slide, but your table manners had better be good today, got it?
Makina: Yesh!
Principal: Oh, one last thing... We're having music class this afternoon, so please make sure you head to the correct classroom.
Narration: *Even as she passes on the reminder, the principal is efficiently putting away her textbooks. As soon as the words are out of her mouth, she exits the classroom with the cheerful expression of an office lady thinking over her lunch menu.*
Amane: Come to think of it, it's been a while since we had music class...
Yuuji: This is the first time I've selected music for my afternoon elective... What's the class like at this school?
Michiru: I don't think it's really that different from what you find in any other school... But I guess we do a lot of choral songs. Like, you know, "Moldova" or whatever.
Amane: Uh, are you maybe talking about... "The Moldau" by Smetana?
Michiru: Huh...? Wasn't that something to do with stock prices?
Amane: Yeah, uh... the Dow Jones isn't involved, but... whatever. "Moldova," sure. I guess.
Michiru: Okay, I think you just gave up!
Makina: But that teacher with th' cabbage-roll hair said we'd be doin' an instrumental performance this time, ya know?
Yuuji: ...An instrumental performance?
Makina: We're supposed ta bring our favorite musical instrument. He's gonna have us perform some song together, I guess.
Yumiko: It's been nearly two weeks since the last music lesson, but... did he really say that...?
Makina: You're prone ta delusions, Yumi-chan, so maybe it sounded like somethin' else to you? That's definitely what he said, though.
Yumiko: Hmph! If you've got that much confidence, I suppose I'll have to take your word for it...
Amane: Okay, but how am I supposed to pick a favorite instrument all of a sudden...? Kind of a tricky question...
Michiru: All right, let's use the lunch period to look over our options. It'll be easier to settle on our preferences that way.
Amane: Look over our options...? What, you want to get someone to open up the music storage room for us?
Michiru: ...What are you talking about, Amane? We've got Sachi right here.
Amane: Oh, I see...
Narration: *...It seems she's suggesting we have our dedicated miracle worker pull musical instruments out of her hat.*
Sachi: ...I understand what you're trying to say, Michiru-sama, and it would be my pleasure. As you wish, I shall now strip to the nude.
Michiru: The hell!? Nobody asked for a classroom striptease!
Sachi: I'm sorry... I was under the impression that you wanted to "look me over" as a potential "option" in order to settle your "preferences"... Have I perhaps slightly misinterpreted your words, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: Yes! Very badly! It's hard enough keeping up the tsundere act, don't tack on "bicurious" too!
Amane: Uh, so she just came out and said the tsundere thing is an act...
Yumiko: What a ridiculous human being...
Michiru: W-Well, whatever... Let's give this a trial run. Sachi, get us a musical instrument.
Sachi: I don't mind, but... could you be more specific?
Michiru: Let's see... Okay, a simple soprano recorder sounds good for starters.
Sachi: Yes, certainly.
Narration: *As soon as she's formally received her orders, Sachi runs over to her locker in the usual manner.*
Sachi: Thank you for your patience. Here we are.
Narration: *In no time at all, she returns to Michiru and hands over the requested wind instrument.*
Michiru: Yep, there we go, this is a soprano recorder alright...
Michiru: Wait, what the heck? Why does this thing have my name engraved on the back...?
Sachi: Recorders are very easy to misplace or confuse, so I thought it would be best to mark it with the owner's name beforehand.
Amane: Wait, does that mean... you could just crank out personalized recorders for all of us, if we asked?
Sachi: Yes. Any name containing eight characters or less shouldn't pose any difficulties...
Michiru: Freaky! That's amazing! But also kind of freaky!
Yuuji: ...Well, I'm impressed, Sachi. Not only did you prepare the instrument instantly, you're apparently a fairly competent engraver.
Sachi: Thank you very much...
Michiru: ......
Makina: Okeydokey then, as Chiruchiru is currently backin' away while quiverin' ever so slightly, I'll be takin' command here...
Makina: Everybody think of an instrument ya wanna try out, then pass on your request ta Sacchin, okay?
Yuuji: Yeah. Sounds reasonable.
Makina: Eck-sell-ent. All right, ya bums, decide on your requests within th' next five minutes!!
Amane: Okaaay.
Sachi: Oof, here we are...
Yuuji: ...Seems our preparations are complete.
Sachi: Indeed. Fortunately, I was able to obtain the items as requested.
Narration: *While I've been sitting here reading my paperback, Sachi has been methodically carrying musical instrument cases of various shapes and sizes into the classroom. This seems to be the last of them.*
Yuuji: By the way, what did you go with, Sakaki?
Yumiko: s...A recorder.
Yuuji: Sorry? Didn't quite catch that...
Yumiko: A-An alto recorder! Go ahead and laugh, if you like!!
Yuuji: I don't really think it's anything to get that defensive about... Definitely a bit of a surprising choice, though.
Makina: True that. Yumi-chan's a princess an' all, so I sorta had this mental image...
Makina: Your posture is all wrong! Again!Shouts th' strict ol' bag! Start over every ten seconds 'til ya get it right! Every proper lady's gotta learn the violin, or whatever.
Yumiko: No, I... I didn't have any lessons in the arts, of any sort...
Yumiko: The only instrument I'm capable of playing decently... is the recorder I learned as a child...
Amane: Heheheh. Sakaki-san has her cute side too, it would seem.
Yumiko: S... Suou-san!?
Amane: Sorry, sorry. I couldn't help myself... The urge to tease you was just too strong...
Yumiko: !!
Narration: *...I understand that she's upset, but why glare at me?*
Yumiko: ...All right then, what instrument did YOU pick, Suou-san?
Amane: I went with this.♪
Narration: *With obvious relish, Amane takes her instrument from its case and gives it a vigorous strum.*
Yuuji: ...I see. You chose an electric guitar, Amane?
Amane: Female students and guitars go together pretty nicely, right?
Yumiko: Well, I suppose it does feel like the most appropriate possible choice in your case...
Amane: ...You think so?
Michiru: Yeah, it kind of fits your image, I guess... Like, you'd play a gig, then go have casual sex in the men's bathroom, maybe?
Amane: You people are seriously determined to make me out as a slut...
Narration: *Just a thought here... If she has a problem with her image, maybe she could try to break that habit of aggressively mashing her tits against people?*
Amane: Thing is, though, I only really know three guitar chords or so...
Michiru: What the heck? You can't even play that thing...?
Amane: Okay then, so what did YOU pick, Michiru?
Michiru: Heheheh... I went with the obvious choice!
Narration: *Michiru proudly brandishes an enormous musical instrument.*
Yuuji: ...A harp?
Michiru: That's right. A perfect fit for an intellectual like myself, don't you think?
Amane: No, not in the least...
Yumiko: I'd be hard-pressed to think of a less appropriate choice.
Makina: If anything... I think I kinda feel bad for the instrument.
Sachi: Let's reconsider your options. Why don't you try to make music by rubbing your twintails together?
Michiru: W-Why am I the only one getting all these nasty comments!? Also, harps are apparently really heavy! Way too friggin' heavy!!
Yuuji: Not to worry. I will now provide you with a musical instrument ideally suited to your capabilities, Michiru.
Michiru: R-Really!?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *I quietly nod to Sachi, who hands Michiru a small xylophone used in the school's public announcement broadcasts.*
Michiru: ...A... x-xylophone...?
Yuuji: Dubious as your physical strength may be, I think you should be able to handle this, right?
Sachi: What's more, if you simply hit the bars in order from one end to the other, you'll get the nice little melody they play before announcements.
Michiru: Guuuuuuuhhh!!! What the hell!? Am I some kind of circus chimpanzee!?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *...No one seems willing to answer that question. Apparently, I'm not the only one who thinks a performing ape is actually a pretty good match for Michiru in the brains department.*
Michiru: W-Whatever... so what did you pick, Makina...?
Makina: I got myself a "synth!"
Narration: *As she speaks, Makina immediately sounds off a demonstration note.*
Sachi: Well, this particular model can't synthesize new sounds, so it might be simpler to describe it as a "keyboard."
Yumiko: Uh... I'm more interested in knowing how on earth you got your hands on such a large, expensive instrument.
Sachi: Yes, it's clearly not feasible to keep an item of this size stocked in my locker... so I launched a raid on the music storage room and took custody of this instrument.
Michiru: A raid, she says...
Amane: Uh, so basically, we might as well have just gone to the storage room in the first place...
Yuuji: So it would seem, yes.
Makina: Anyway, keyboards are pretty cool. This thing can make all sorts of sounds, ya know?
Yuuji: ...And what would you use them for?
Makina: Mmm, for example...
Makina: By th' way, Chiruchiru! Onii-chan complimented your twintails th' other day!
Michiru: ...Huh? Really!?
Makina: Like so...
Michiru: I'm not your friggin' guinea pig!!
Makina: Or maybe...
Makina: Mwhaa!! Yumi-chan's slashin' her own clothes to shreds with a box cutter!!
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: I don't know what sort a person you think I am... but if you think I'm actually going to play along, you are severely mistaken...
Makina: Daaaw, Yumi-chan's no fun...
Amane: No, I really don't think you can blame her on this one...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *She's using it in strange ways, but the versatility of this instrument might make it a good fit for Makina, as a complement to her limited powers of self-expression.*
Yuuji: Well then, last up would be Sachi... What instrument did you choose?
Sachi: Ah, I decided on this.
Narration: *With a smile, Sachi places a block of wood slightly larger than a tissue box on top of her desk.*
Makina: What's this thing...? There's two metal rods stickin' out of it, but it doesn't really look like an instrument...
Yuuji: Wait... Is this a theremin?
Sachi: You continue to impress me, Kazami-san. You're familiar with the theremin?
Yuuji: From books, yes. This is the first time I've actually laid eyes on one.
Michiru: ...Hey, what? What the heck is that thing? "Teru-min?" It sounds like a nickname you'd give to someone named "Terumi."
Yumiko: The theremin is an unusual musical instrument, invented in Russia...
Yumiko: Apparently, it requires no physical contact from its performer. Simply by positioning your hands in the air, you can control the volume and pitch of the sounds it produces.
Amane: Wow. You're pretty knowledgeable yourself, Sakaki-san.
Makina: Betcha she saw the name on the net somewhere, then ran a search thinkin' it'd be some cute Hello Kitty character. Heh.
Yumiko: Wha!?
Narration: *...She doesn't deny it, which probably means Makina hit the bullseye.*
Sachi: Come to think of it, Kazami-san, have you decided on your own instrument?
Yuuji: I don't have any particular favorite, so I'm fine with playing whatever the instructor recommends.
Amane: Hmm, that's not much fun...
Yuuji: All right, then why don't you choose something for me?
Makina: Oho? Now that sounds like a much more interestin' option.
Amane: Let's see... An instrument that would suit Yuuji...
Yuuji: I don't have any particular strengths or weaknesses in this field, after all... it'll probably be my first time playing whatever instrument you choose, so it's all the same to me.
Michiru: In that case, how about an acoustic guitar?
Sachi: Well, it does seems fairly fitting... but perhaps an overly conservative choice...
Amane: Okay, maybe a harmonica? You know... down at the harbor, resting his feet on the pier, playing jazz to the sea.
Michiru: ...Not a terrible idea. But I gotta say, Amane, your tastes are kind of old-fashioned.
Amane: Gah... you kind of hit me where it hurts...
Yumiko: Let's see. A violin, perhaps?
Sachi: ...Not a bad choice at all, in my opinion.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Yuuji: I haven't touched any of these instruments before, so it's a bit hard to choose...
Makina: If ya can't decide, Onii-chan, why don't ya just play the synth like me?
Yuuji: ...I see. That's not a bad idea either.
Amane: Hey now, if two of one instrument is allowed, let's play electric guitar together!
Michiru: In that case, I'll―
Principal: Ooh, what's all this? Just look at all these instruments. Are you starting a band or something?
Yuuji: No, we were just in the middle of choosing our instruments for the upcoming class.
Principal: The upcoming class...? Isn't the fifth period music class a vocal chorus lesson?
Amane: ...Huh?
Yuuji: You sure about that?
Principal: Look, it's right here in black and white, see?
Narration: *The principal hands over a copy of her detailed class schedule. Just as she says, the words "Music - Choral Lesson" are printed in the relevant box.*
Yuuji: ...I see. Thank you for correcting our faulty intelligence.
Principal: I don't quite understand the situation... but I'm glad I could be of help, I suppose.
Amane: Yes, thank you very much... Your assistance has allowed us to identify a pressing need for discipline...
Principal: ...I-Is that a fact?
Michiru: Yes... You see, a naughty little girl seems to have been brazenly spreading complete misinformation...
Makina: H-Hey, hold on a sec, you two. Everybody makes mistakes, ya know...?
Yumiko: True enough... but I assume you're prepared to face the consequences of those "mistakes," Irisu-san...?
Makina: N-Not you too, Yumi-chan...
Yuuji: Give it up, Makina. You ended up wasting an entire lunch period. A little punishment is only natural.
Makina: If even Onii-chan abandons me, I guess I'll hafta take it like a man... but I'd like just one minute ta steel my resolve, first.
Amane: ...Acceptable, I suppose.
Makina: S-Sacchin... here's th' thing...
Sachi: ...What is it?
Makina: From this moment until lunch ends, I want ya to run around carryin' me! Don't let them catch us!
Sachi: Yes. Of course.
Amane: Wha!?
Michiru: Hey, Makina! You're using Sachi as a shield!? Coward!
Makina: Eheheh... Call me whatever you want. It's the winners that write th' history books!
Michiru: Maaaakiiiinaaaaa!!
Makina: Wawah! Sa-Sacchin, let's get outta here before they start shootin' lasers from their eyes!
Sachi: Y-Yes, certainly!!
Narration: *As Amane and Michiru take their first step forward, Sachi shoulders Makina like a backpack and darts out of the classroom.*
Amane: You little punk! Hold it right there!!
Michiru: Underestimate a tsundere at your own peril!!
Yumiko: Those two seem quite motivated. Not that it's going to be enough to catch Komine-san...
Principal: ...C-Can we all just get along, please?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Makina's flight from justice isn't exactly admirable, but Sachi's absolute obedience is pretty amoral in its own right.*
Michiru: Haa... haa... haa...
Amane: D-Don't think... you can get away from me...
Makina: That's my Sacchin! Ama-nee and Chiruchiru are already gaspin' for air!♪
Narration: *Minutes later, when the bell announcing the end of lunch period brought her request to an end, Makina's boastful jeering dissolved into miserable screams.*
Makina: Mwooaaaaaah!! Noooooo waaaaaai!!!

Date: *July 8, 2011, 09:23 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *It's impossible to weigh one kind of unhappiness against another. Even, say, the sadness of a man who has lost a lifelong friend, and the bitter sulking of a young girl forced to eat her carrots before dessert.*
Narration: *There's no scale by which we can objectively measure misery. People have the tendency to judge themselves "happier" or "unhappier" relative to others, but such comparisons rest on a flawed assumption that we all think and feel alike.*
Narration: *Another's misfortune may seem trivial to you, but if it brings genuine distress and suffering, anything can be a tragedy.*
Michiru: Aaaaah! My... My... My ramune are gone!
Narration: *Michiru turns her shark pouch inside out and shrieks. Although by now I'm somewhat used to this woman's tendency to kick up a fuss at the slightest provocation, when she's this loud it's impossible to focus on my reading.*
Yuuji: Surely a little candy doesn't warrant this much of a ruckus. One would think you'd thrown a pineapple, only to have it bounce off a wall and land at your feet.
Michiru: W-Why would I throw a pineapple in the first place!? F-Forget that, I'm, uh, kind of panicking right now! I mean, they're ramune, okay!? The sugar content is, like, super important, uh, for my brain! Awawawa.
Yuuji: You are so damn noisy, woman. Are you sure you didn't just drop them under your desk?
Michiru: U-Under my desk? I'll take a look.
Narration: *Michiru drops to all fours and begins to desperately search every inch of the ground for her candy.*
Narration: *I could understand this position if she was looking for something small like a contact lens, but it hardly seems efficient when she's trying to find something as obvious as a container of candy.*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend.
Michiru: W-What do you want? I'm trying to focus right now. Don't talk to me.
Yuuji: Sorry. However, I feel obliged to inform you that I can see your underwear.
Michiru: Wha!?
Michiru: Agh! M-My head... Don't... look...
Yuuji: At you, holding your head and crying tears of pain after foolishly bumping into the desk? Or at your simple white underwear, which is still completely exposed at present?
Michiru: E-Either one! Look, this really isn't the time...
Yumiko: Is something the matter?
Narration: *Sakaki comes over to investigate the commotion. In response, Michiru flaps her mouth like a goldfish and points to her shark pouch.*
Michiru: Haa, haa. W-Well, see, they were in here! They really were! But now they're gone! My ramune are gone!
Yumiko: Ramune? You mean those fizzy little candies, I assume?
Michiru: Yeah, that's right! They're gone!
Yumiko: Can't you just go buy more?
Michiru: No, no, that's no good! They're, uhm, special ramune, you see!
Yumiko: Special ramune...? Well, all right. If I happen to find them, I'll let you know.
Michiru: Boohoohoo, please dooo.
Michiru: H-Hey, Yuuji. Wasn't she acting a little strange just now?
Yuuji: Not in the least. She was exactly the same unfriendly individual as always.
Michiru: Yeah, right, very fishy. I was a little suspicious from the start.
Yuuji: Are you even listening to me?
Michiru: *Gasp!* Could it be...!? Is this Yumiko's doing!? Come to think of it, I think I might have seen an unusual craving for ramune on her face earlier. Yeah, she was making an outright ramune face!
Yuuji: What exactly is a "ramune face?"
Michiru: Well, you know, a face that says... if someone tells you to only spend 500 yen on your snack, you're going to buy 600 yen of ramune! And then not even eat them! They're for the stash.
Yuuji: Did she really have an expression like that on her face?
Michiru: She totally did! Did you see her eyes!? They were ramune eyes! Ramuneyes!
Yuuji: Calm yourself, woman. There's no such thing.
Narration: *Probably as a result of her panic, Michiru seems to have grown somewhat paranoid. Well, that's always been an element of her personality, but it seems more pronounced at the moment. Also, she's completely incoherent.*
Narration: *There are few things as ugly as throwing around unfounded accusations. Usually this would be the part where I deliver a swift kick to the ass with a steel-toe boot, but I am dealing with a woman here, so that's sadly not an option.*
Amane: Hey, I heard you lost your ramune candies? I can go pick you up some new ones, if you want.
Michiru: No, no, no! That's no good at all! I need MY ramune!
Amane: You're acting like a complete child. Yuuji, why is she throwing such a tantrum about this?
Yuuji: Hrm. Perhaps she's under some sort of chronic stress. Might be using the loss of her property as an excuse to let off some steam.
Michiru: That's not it at all! I'm not stressed. I'm not!
Amane: C'mon, we'll all look for it together, okay?
Michiru: Hrrrrm, what's with this over-the-top kindness...? Very suspicious!
Amane: What? A-Are you serious? I was just trying to be nice.
Michiru: Look, let's just be honest, okay? I won't get mad. Here, let's all close our eyes. Okay, Amane-san. Raise your hand.
Amane: Okay.
Michiru: I knew ittttt! I knew this was your work all along! You remorseless ramune robber!
Amane: H-Hey, that was entrapment! Also, the trap didn't even make any sense.
Michiru: Uuu, give them back, give them back...!
Amane: There, there. I'm sure Sacchan will help us look for them too, okay?
Michiru: *Gasp*... Sachi could be the culprit...? It all fits! There's no other explanation! Sachi, admit your guilt at once!
Sachi: Certainly. I am guilty.
Amane: Wha!? H-Hey, hold on!
Sachi: My responsibility should be self-evident. I may have no idea whatsoever as to the specific crime I am being accused of, but if you say I am culpable, then I am clearly 100% guilty of any and all charges.
Yuuji: Michiru, you know full well how Sachi thinks. She's going to say she stole your candies regardless of the real facts. I seriously doubt you're going to find them this way.
Michiru: Uuu, I know that, okay!? I know it wasn't Sachi, for your information!
Sachi: That is correct. If Michiru-sama says so, I am clearly absolutely blameless.
Amane: Sacchan, your presence is kind of making this more confusing than it needs to be. Could you maybe wander off for a tick?
Sachi: Certainly.
Yuuji: Hrm. It doesn't seem like Sakaki, Amane, or Sachi were responsible. Therefore...
Amane: That would leave...
Makina: Hey hey, what language is th' word "bomaye" from?
Yuuji: Lingala.
Makina: Gotcha, thanks. Later!
Michiru: Hold it right there! Makina... you've shown your true colors at last!
Makina: Huh? My color's th' same as always.
Michiru: All right, what have you done with them!? Spit it out!
Makina: Ugh... H-How do ya know about that, Chiruchiru?
Michiru: I knew it! But don't worry, I'm a merciful person. If you come clean and apologize right away, I'll forgive you. Might as well just confess now. Okay? Well?
Makina: S-Sorry. I'm guilty as sin. Please forgive me.
Michiru: I knew it! Sorry doesn't begin to cut it! You'll pay dearly for this!
Makina: *Sniffle* *Sniffle* The truth is, well... I snuck inta Ama-nee's room, an' then... an' then...
Amane: Huh? M-My room?
Makina: An' then, I rooted out her secret stash of snacks an' snarfed 'em all down!
Michiru: Huh? O-Oh...
Amane: Aaah! Well, that would explain why you were complaining about your tummy hurting on the way to class.
Makina: I'm sorry. I only did it because I didn't think ya'd catch me. Is that why I'm changing colors? Am I changing colors because I was bad?
Amane: Don't worry, your coloration appears to be perfectly normal.
Makina: But Chiruchiru saaaaid... *Sniffle*  What are my true colors like? Where are they showin', anyway? My face? Is my face turnin' green? Or maybe a classy shade of mauve?
Amane: There there, you're not going to turn mauve. Let's go ask Sacchan to get you some stomach medicine, okay? C'mere.
Makina: Glurb. Oh, th' pain... Maybe this is a side effect of th' mauvitization...
Amane: Nuh-uh. You just ate too much, plain and simple.
Michiru: Which would mean... Bah, I never thought it would come to this...! Kazami Yuuji, you were the true criminal all along!!
Yuuji: Ridiculous. Why would I steal a bunch of fruit-flavored sugar lozenges?
Michiru: So you deny it without even a moment of hesitation...? Very suspicious!
Yuuji: Stop talking. You are a complete simpleton.
Michiru: Huh!? What's a simpleton...? A simple ton? A ton of what!? Aah! Stop playing games with my mind!!
Yuuji: I don't need to play any games. Look, just calm down and think this over carefully. What were you doing before you lost the―
Michiru: A poltergeist! I suspect the work of a poltergeist! A pillow turner stole my candy!
Yuuji: That makes no sense. A pillow turner moves your pillow to the other end of the bed. That's it. It doesn't steal things.
Michiru: That's not true! Sometimes it flips you around in the bed instead! Wait, is there even a point to any of that!? Why does that thing even exist!?
Yuuji: Don't ask me. Anyway, try to remember what you were doing before you lost the candies. If you slowly go back over your actions, you should be able to figure out where you dropped them.
Michiru: Boohoohoo. Okaaay, okay. Uhm, let's see... Well, I guess I was sitting at my desk for a while.
Yuuji: Did you have the ramune candies at that point?
Michiru: D-Dunno.
Yuuji: When's the last time you're sure you had them?
Michiru: Hmm, I mean, I always keep them in my pouch, so...
Narration: *The instant Michiru opens her pouch, the color of her face changes dramatically. I can't quite read her expression. Irritation, maybe regret? I think I can also see a rare hint of shame.*
Michiru: ...O-On second thought, let's just forget the whole thing. Ahem. It's just some ramune, after all. No need to start a witch hunt. Okay, meeting adjoined.
Yuuji: What's this all of a sudden? Those candies are important to you, right? I'll help you find them.
Michiru: Well, uhm, aaargh. Uhh, how should I put this? Mmm, well... it's, uh, it's all good. No big deal. I mean, ramune are easy enough to replace, right?
Michiru: Can't throw a fuss every time I lose a ramune or twokay I'm sooooorrrrrryyyyyyy!
Yuuji: You found them, didn't you? Inside the pouch.
Michiru: I'm very, very sorry! Yes, I, they, they were in fact inside this shark from the very beginning!
Michiru: ...H-Humph! But it's not like I'm going to apologize or anything!
Yuuji: You just did. Pretty much groveled, in fact.
Michiru: Shaddup, you. You've got it all wrong. I might have apologized, but I apologize for nothing. Do you understand? This is the tsundere duality!
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I stare quietly into Michiru's eyes for a moment, then abruptly break eye contact. In geopolitics, they say the country that breaks away from a staring contest first loses, but in this sort of situation the opposite is true.*
Michiru: Uhm... well... aah...
Narration: *By averting my gaze first, I take initiative and fluster my opponent. Of course, I have an overwhelming advantage over Michiru even if I don't bother with this sort of trick, but it's something of a habit.*
Narration: *I should really try to work on this instinctive need to exert control over others at all times.*
Narration: *Having suddenly and unexpectedly lost their point of focus, Michiru's eyes dart around the room anxiously.*
Michiru: The thing is... uhhm... well.
Narration: *In the next moment, Sachi passes by the classroom, carrying a large suitcase.*
Michiru: Wait, Sachi? Are you going somewhere?
Sachi: Yes, I'm just about to begin my journey, as per Amane-san's request.
Yuuji: Hrm. Sachi, my friend, I think you've made a slight mistake.
Yuuji: You see, Amane asked you to wander off for "a tick" of the clock, not for the historic Attic peninsula in southern Greece.
Sachi: ...Oh my, it seems I must apologize. I was quite sure she asked me to tour the Attica region. I've actually spent the last few minutes packing my clothes in preparation for the voyage.
Michiru: W-What kind of a crazy misunderstanding is that...?
Sachi: It's a bit of a shame. After leafing through a guidebook, I was thinking I might stop by the Parthenon in Athens to buy everyone souvenirs.
Yuuji: Good choice. I hear the Parthenon manjuu are pretty decent.
Michiru: Uh, right, so... that, uhm, problem from earlier was all cleared up, so you don't need to go anywhere.
Sachi: That problem? Could you be more specific?
Michiru: Uhm, well, the problem. You know, err... the thing I lost. It's taken care of.
Sachi: Huh? You misplaced something? I had no idea whatsoever, but it's very nice to hear the situation was resolved successfully. Where did you find the item in question?
Michiru: Wha!? We-Well, uhm, in... in my...
Michiru: ...it was in my pouch all along...
Sachi: I'm sorry? I'm afraid I didn't quite catch that, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: I-I said it was in my pouch, okay!? J-Just a little goof on my part. Get off my back! Attacking people for an honest mistake is really petty, you know!?
Sachi: I would not dream of attacking you, Michiru-sama. Although the root cause of all the fuss seems to have been your truly foolish blunder, exacerbated by your rotten tendency to instinctively push blame onto others―
Sachi: In the end, I'm simply happy to hear that you found your item. As I said a moment ago.
Michiru: Ugh. D-Do you really have to put it that way!?
Sachi: Have I misstated the facts of the matter?
Michiru: ...No, it's all true.
Yumiko: Oh, did you find your candy?
Michiru: Yeah, I did. Or rather, I didn't lose it in the first place. Sorry, all right!? I guess I kind of bothered you over nothing!
Yumiko: I see. Well, that's nice, I suppose.
Sachi: Please excuse me as well. I need to unpack my suitcase.
Michiru: P-Phew...
Michiru: W-What now? If you have something to say to me, just spit it out already.
Yuuji: Try to be a little more careful about crying wolf in the future. Sachi could have ended up in a foreign country, and Makina very nearly changed colors.
Michiru: I-I know, all right!? *Am* *Nam*... They weren't in here before, I swear...! A poltergeist, it's got to be a poltergeist after all. Probably...
Narration: *The only individual who knows the depth of someone's unhappiness is the unfortunate party in question. That said, there's nothing wrong with feeling a little sympathy for an innocent ghost forced to bear the blame for another's stupidity.*
Narration: *Slight digression, but would the victim of a "pillow turner" be a "pillow turnee?" While pondering these weighty matters, I watch Michiru wander off, her container of candy clutched tightly in her hand.*

Date: *July 8, 2011, 12:44 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Makina: Sacchin-donoooo! I seek Sacchin-dono!!
Sachi: What can I do for you, Maki-chan?
Makina: Gaaah!  Okay, ya played that way too bland. That's no good at all. Try to get into it, will ya? I'm lookin' for some late-night infomercial style passion here...
Sachi: O-Okay... Got it...
Makina: Mmkay, let's take that from the top. I'll cut as many times as it takes, so get it goin'!
Narration: *Mere moments after Makina stormed into the classroom, she runs right back outside.*
Yuuji: What was that all about?
Amane: Who knows? Some new game of Makina's, presumably.
Makina: Sacchin-donoooo! I seek Sacchin-dono!!
Sachi: ...At your service.
Makina: Ohh, Sachi-dono. I bear an urgent summons from the castle. Will you accompany me?
Sachi: As you wish.
Makina: You have my thanks...
Makina: Chiruchiru-sama, I have returned with Sachi-dono.
Michiru: Right... Sure, thanks...
Makina: Okay, look! We've been over this, ya know! Chiruchiru, I need ya in role here!
Michiru: Argh, what a friggin' pain in the butt! Fine, fine!!
Michiru: Mm! A-hem!
Michiru: ...Well done. My thanks for your labors. Leave us, and take your well-earned rest.
Makina: Yes, m'lord!
Sachi: And so, Michiru-sama, why have I been called before you?
Michiru: Ah, yes. The truth is... I wish for you to prepare a certain something, Sachi.
Sachi: What is your pleasure?
Michiru: ...Mamushi rice.
Sachi: Mamushi rice...?
Michiru: Indeed. Tell me, Sachi, is this culinary feat within your power to accomplish?
Sachi: ...It can be done.
Michiru: Very well then. Before the sun sets on this day, bring forth a splendid feast!
Sachi: Certainly.
Narration: *Concluding the conversation with her standard phrase of acceptance, Sachi leaves the classroom at once.*
Amane: I'm not going to ask why you turned that into a samurai drama... but basically, you felt like eating eel on rice?
Michiru: That's right. They said on TV that today was looking like a bullish day, so it's gotta be eel tonight. It's a Japanese tradition!
Yumiko: Traditionally, you eat eel on the day of the ox. Which, just for your information, has nothing at all to do with trends in the stock market.
Michiru: Huh!? Really!?
Yumiko: I'm sure your computer will be kind enough to clear up the precise distinction.
Michiru: Mgaah... Mrrgrr... M-Make a fool of me, will you...!?
Amane: But I'm impressed you know the "Mamushi" nickname for that dish. They only really call it that in the Kyoto region...
Michiru: Hehem. Yep, happened to see that on the net yesterday.
Makina: Ya picked it up from a computer screen, huh? Figured as much.
Yumiko: ...Interesting. It seems there are still a few people who feel finding trivia in an online encyclopedia is something to be proud of.
Michiru: Ughguguh...
Yuuji: In any case, they say eel is great for replenishing physical energy. Never a bad thing to get a little extra vigor.
Michiru: H-Hey, that sounds a little... Look, it's not like I'm thinking about pervy stuff or anything!
Yuuji: Come to think of it, the mamushi pit viper doesn't lend its name to eel dishes alone. It's also the name of a male aphrodis―
Michiru: Stop right there! What the heck is wrong with you!?!
Yumiko: Would you kindly lower the volume a bit?
Michiru: Yes, ma'am...
Amane: Well, hey, might as well take advantage of this opportunity. Why don't we all get together and have a group mamushi dinner tonight?
Michiru: We are talking about Sachi here. She'll definitely have six servings prepared.
Amane: Which means you're coming as well, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Hm? You're unusually obedient today.
Yumiko: ...I simply don't see any reason to pointlessly increase Komine-san's workload.
Yuuji: Ah, I see.
Narration: *Sakaki seems to be aware that any resistance she might offer would end in her defeat at the hands of the "demon lord."*
Michiru: Okay. And so, we've wasted no time in getting ourselves to a kitchen!♪
Makina: Here we are!
Yuuji: ...Sorry to interrupt, but I have a question.
Makina: Go right ahead, Onii-chan!
Yuuji: Why are you doing this in my room?
Michiru: W-Well, because... The atmosphere! The atmosphere's good in here! It's not like us choosing your room has any deeper significance or anything!!
Michiru: ...Heh.
Amane: There... really isn't anything to look that triumphant about...
Yumiko: Keeping up "the act" seems like fairly hard work, in its own way.
Michiru: Okay, then. Let's all just ignore Yumiko's raging hypocrisy and get right down to cooking.♪
Makina: All right, Iron Chef Sacchin! Whenever yer ready!
Sachi: Thank you for waiting.
Amane: Huh? Uhm, not to put too fine a point on it, but... Sacchan, you're a little dirty.
Narration: *Just as Amane says, Sachi has entered the room a muddy mess. There are leaves and twigs sticking out of her hair.*
Sachi: I do apologize... I encountered some difficulty in procuring the ingredients...
Michiru: Well, I guess it's not the kind of thing every store on the corner has lying around...
Amane: ...Really?
Michiru: Okay, how long will the initial preparations take?
Sachi: I do think a few more minutes would be helpful, if possible...
Michiru: Okey-dokey. In that case... Makina, we've got time to kill until Sachi finishes her work, so provide us with some filler!
Makina: R-Roger!
Makina: Hey, Bob!
Makina: Wassup, Johnny?
Makina: We got a while 'til the others get here. Wanna get some eel on rice? I think that'd be r-eely nice!
Makina: Hey now, Johnny! Where'd the Japanese food pun come from?
Makina: Oh, you know me! My jokes tend to be a bit... surreel! HAH! HA! HA! HA! HA!
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: Sorry. Can we just fast forward after all?
Makina: Aye...
Michiru: Sachi, how're you doing in there?
Sachi: Let's see... All that's left is to cook this over a low flame.
Michiru: Impressive, Sachi! Nice to see that we have at least one competent junior!
Makina: *Sob*...
Yumiko: Wait, Komine-san... I assume you're cooking the rice in that pot... but where's the "mamushi?"
Sachi: I'm cooking it in here as well.
Amane: Oh, really? I didn't know you could make it that way...
Sachi: You can indeed.
Yumiko: Hm? I don't think I've heard of any such method...
Narration: *Now that she mentions it... I'm pretty sure you're supposed to broil the eel separately, then mix it with the rice after the fact...*
Everyone: !?
Narration: *Just as an uneasy confusion begins to spread around the room, the pot's lid pops open and a long slender thing emerges.*
Amane: Uhhhm... what... is that?
Makina: Whaddaya mean, what...? It's a snake, ain't it?
Yumiko: It is indeed.
Yuuji: To be more specific, it appears to be a venomous japanese pit viper, popularly known as the "mamushi." Compared to the common rat snake, the body is distinctively thick and short.
Michiru: Ah... aaah... ah...
Sachi: ...Hiyaaa!!
Narration: *After a long moment in which the world seems to stand still, Sachi abruptly decapitates the snake with her kitchen knife.*
Yuuji: Hrm... Impressive swordsmanship.
Sachi: ...Thank you very much.
Michiru: Haa... ah... ah...
Narration: *When I look to my side, the previously enthusiastic Michiru is pale as a ghost.*
Yuuji: What's the matter, Michiru? It's just a kitchen knife. Nothing to be scared of.
Michiru: T-That's NOT the problem here...
Yuuji: So what is...?
Michiru: T-The pot... A snake... snake...
Yuuji: What, are you scared of mamushi vipers?
Amane: Rather than mamushi, I'm thinking snakes in general.
Yumiko: More like creepy-crawly things, I'd imagine.
Michiru: ...Sorry... I can't... take any more...
Narration: *With a few weak words of surrender, Michiru sinks to the ground with a soft "fwump."*
Makina: Uwah! Chiruchiru died!
Amane: Okay, then. Why don't we just have Michiru eat this later?
Yumiko: Sounds like a plan.
Michiru: D-Don't just kill me off! More importantly, don't dump this chaos-cooking on me!!
Makina: Oh, she's revived already...
Yumiko: The girl may hate snakes, but she has the vitality of a mamushi viper...
Amane: Was that supposed to be ironic? Those really have nothing to do with each other...
Michiru: Forget all that! Sachi! I said I wanted to eat "mamushi rice," didn't I?
Sachi: Yes... and so, I intended to make "mamushi" rice...
Michiru: This is NOT "mamushi rice!" It's pit viper rice!!
Sachi: Which would mean, perhaps... you were hoping to eat the eel dish of the same name, instead?
Michiru: Look, that's what I asked for from the staaaart!
Sachi: I see. In that case, I did prepare this eel on rice here as well, just to be on the safe side...
Michiru: What!? Then bring that out in the first place! Arrrrrrrrgggh!!
Yuuji: ...Hrm.
Narration: *Today, I learned that Michiru has issues with creepy-crawly lifeforms.*
Narration: *Also, that it's important to be precise in your terminology when making a request of Sachi.*

Date: *July 8, 2011, 22:30 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *Human beings are multifaceted creatures.*
Narration: *It's not uncommon for someone who seems one-dimensional at a glance to reveal a dramatically different side under even light investigation. Many people don't stop at being "two-faced;" there are plenty of us out there with three or four.*
Narration: *A simple case might be a scumbag who sometimes plays the good guy, or vice versa. These multiple faces are part of what makes people interesting, but they also complicate our relations with others.*
Narration: *The people living in this dorm are no exception to the general rule.*
Narration: *Sometimes I wonder if Makina even thinks in Japanese, her actions and words are so garbled. Sachi's extraordinary obedience and obsessive honesty are equally mysterious. Anyone could guess there's more to those two than meets the eye...*
Narration: *But Amane can be oddly evasive and poker-faced at times as well, and even our mentally derailed airhead Michiru has markedly uncharacteristic moments. I think it's safe to conclude everyone here has something of a hidden side.*
Makina: Okay, so when's Yumi-chan gonna go "dere" already?
Yuuji: Say what?
Narration: *I'm killing time in the lobby after school when Makina suddenly approaches me with a strange question.*
Yuuji: "Dere"... by which you mean what? Is that the same "dere" from Michiru's "tsundere?" The lovey-dovey side of a split personality?
Makina: Uh, yeah, duh. What else would I be talkin' about?
Narration: *"Dere" is by now a fairly common slang term. Where the contrasting "tsun" suggests a pointed, hostile attitude toward others, "dere" implies the complete opposite, a sweet and friendly approach.*
Narration: *The widely known "tsundere" personality exhibits both behaviors, creating a strong contrast or "gap" that many find attractive... apparently. Personally, I'm not particularly well-informed on the subject.*
Narration: *While I have some interest in the pseudo-tsundere Matsushima Michiru as a subject for observation, my curiosity is entirely directed toward the less artificial elements of her personality―*
Narration: *The "tsundere" attribute itself isn't especially interesting or appealing to me.*
Narration: *In short, I don't really give a damn.*
Yuuji: To ask a question like that, I think you first need proof that Sakaki has "dere" tendencies... or at the very least, concrete grounds to support that conjecture...
Yuuji: Do you possess any such evidence?
Narration: *For starters, I ask Makina about the premise underlying her question, on the off chance there might be some rational thought behind it.*
Makina: What? No.
Yuuji: Look, kid...
Makina: Evidence schmevidence. C'mon, you know what I'm talkin' about here, right?
Makina: When ya got a solitary princess wallin' off everybody around her, she's just gotta get all, like... "Don't! Don't go! I don't wanna be alone anymore!" even'shully, right? Don't ya get that vibe with her?
Yuuji: That would certainly be a striking contrast.
Narration: *In that respect, this theory of Sakaki seems to line up with the standard tsundere concept, but...*
Yuuji: I have to say, though, I don't think she really fits that neatly in the tsundere category.
Makina: Ahah. You're forgettin' about the kuudere tribe, ya know?
Yuuji: I see. "Kuudere," is it...?
Narration: *I've picked up this term somewhere as well.*
Narration: *It seems the popularity of the "tsundere" concept gave birth to a variety of subspecies. The "kuudere" in particular proved durable enough to gain its own semi-independent status.*
Narration: *Unlike the outright aggression of the "tsun," "kuu" suggests a cool, indifferent attitude. The kuudere feigns apathy, keeping others at a distance by means of apparent disinterest, but secretly craves intimacy.*
Narration: *To date, Sakaki Yumiko has certainly demonstrated a consistently cool attitude, if not the lovey-dovey side of the equation.*
Yuuji: Makina, do you want to make Sakaki go into "dere" mode?
Makina: Hell yeah!
Yuuji: For what reason?
Makina: For my amusement!
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *If Sakaki herself happened to hear that response, things would probably get even chillier... but I guess it's foolish to hope for anything more from Makina.*
Yuuji: And are you expecting to accomplish something by complaining to me?
Makina: Yep, that I am. I want your help, Onii-chan.
Yuuji: ...You want me to cooperate in turning Sakaki "dere?"
Makina: Da!
Narration: *I quietly fold the newspaper I'd been reading earlier, stand from my seat without a word, and walk off toward my room.*
Narration: *Just as my hand reaches the doorknob, Makina's round face reappears before my eyes, her shoes screeching on the floor.*
Makina: Hey! What's with th' cold shoulder!? Don't hole up in your room! Come and listen to my plan!
Yuuji: Unfortunately, I have no interest in any of this. Go try the others instead.
Makina: That's no good! Onii-chan, we need ya in on this one! You're crucial to th' plan!
Yuuji: ...Why?
Makina: Well, because... Yumi-chan's a girl, ya know?
Narration: *Well, it's true enough that I'm the only male in this dormitory, but I don't think that really works in my favor when dealing with Sakaki.*
Narration: *If anything, quite the opposite. She seems to see it as something of a strike against me.*
Yuuji: I don't think that really makes... Hey, Makina!
Narration: *Without even waiting for my response, Makina shoves me back toward the lobby.*
Makina: No back-talk! You're comin' with me! I've already arranged the group meetin'. There's no way I'm gonna let you be th' only one to ditch, Onii-chan!
Yuuji: ...A group meeting? For this crap...?
Narration: *That night, everyone except Sakaki gathers in the third floor laundry room.*
Narration: *Amane and Sachi seem to be operating as normal, but Michiru apparently forgot about the meeting and had to be dragged out of bed. She's stifling a weary yawn at the moment.*
Narration: *At the center of the group, Makina gleefully surveys her troops, then begins to speak.*
Makina: Alright everyone, you're prob'ly wondering why I've called you here today. The matter at hand: Sakaki Yumiko!
Makina: I've already discussed this with Onii-chan, but in short, I'm of th' opinion that girl needs to go "dere" pretty soon ta stay within her character archetype. Ya know what I mean?
Narration: *Spreading a large sheet of paper on the table, she writes the letter "Y" with a permanent marker, circles it vigorously, and adds the note "Operation Dere" to one side.*
Makina: And so, comrades, I want you to engage in individual tactical maneuvers aimed at meltin' that cool-headed girl into a puddle of sugary goo! The operation begins tomorrow at 1200 hours! Any questions?
Amane: ...Sakaki-san, sweet and friendly? I have a hard time even imagining that.
Sachi: Indeed. I'm unable to mentally picture anything more amicable than an icy sneer.
Makina: But don'tcha wanna see it happen, guys?
Amane: Well, yeah, I guess. But...
Sachi: I don't know what sort of operation you've planned for us, Maki-chan, but I think the most likely result is ignominious, painful failure.
Makina: Nwhaaa! Don't gimme that, you buncha fence-sittin' cowards! How about ya grow a little backbone, huh!?
Narration: *Amane and Sachi respond at once with outright pessimism.*
Narration: *In the first place, we've been forcibly dragged to this point on the assumption that Sakaki has a hidden friendly side, and that's nothing more than a guess based off a common personality type―*
Narration: *There's no real reason to believe that pattern has to apply to Sakaki.*
Narration: *Amane's known Sakaki the longest among all of us, for what it's worth, and she's clearly not buying into the idea. It seems entirely likely that this "dere" Sakaki is something of a bigfoot... The product of an overactive imagination.*
Narration: *What's more, we're talking about a woman prone to swing blades around when provoked. As Sachi says, if we adopt Makina's likely rash and aggressive plan, there's a possibility we'll suffer some casualties.*
Michiru: Make Yumiko go "dere"...?
Narration: *But just when I think we've reached consensus, one of the group reacts differently.*
Narration: *As a PT (Pseudo-Tsundere) with a contrary personality of her own, perhaps Michiru's being subtly influenced by the possibility of discovering a comrade of sorts...?*
Narration: *In any case, unlike the rest of the group, she seems genuinely intrigued by the idea.*
Makina: Oho. That's more like it, Chiruchiru! Just what I like to see from my tsunderes! I see you in a whole new light!
Michiru: Just how low was your opinion of me in the first place!? What are you even complimenting me for!? I don't get it!
Amane: Hmm. Michiru, you think Sakaki-san has a "dere" side?
Michiru: Well, it's not like I'm completely convinced of that or anything, but...
Sachi: But... what, exactly?
Michiru: ...You know, that girl never smiles. I feel like... if I just saw her looking a little happy for once, it'd be kind of a load off my mind.
Makina: ......
Amane: ......
Sachi: ......
Michiru: W-Why are you guys clamming up all of a sudden!? Is it that weird!?
Amane: No, it's more like... you actually had something worth saying for once, you know?
Makina: Totally outta character, Chiruchiru.
Michiru: You people, I swear!
Sachi: It's all right, Michiru-sama. In order to maintain a modicum of balance with your habitual troublemaking and overall uselessness, you carefully mix in the occasional considerate remark, yes...? I quite understand.
Michiru: No, you REALLY don't!!
Amane: Well, Michiru's got a point, I think. If we're just trying to break that iron mask and get a real smile or two out of her, I guess I'm up for it.
Sachi: Yes, I agree.
Makina: Oho, everyone's on board at last!
Narration: *I feel like the goal has shifted slightly from the original "dere" objective... but it seems like our motive is now slightly more respectable than Makina's desire to amuse herself, so I'm not going to complain.*
Yuuji: Okay, so I guess the next question would be... what sort of "operation" do you have planned out, Makina?
Narration: *Makina flashes a toothy smirk, takes her marker in hand once more, and confidently scribbles the words "compliment carpet-bombing" in the center of the paper.*
Makina: Every time ya run into Yumi-chan, flatter her until ya can't flatter no more! Compliment her eyes and her hair, compliment her clothes, compliment her pen! You're the hostess at the club, and she's the lonely old rich guy!
Amane: ...That's a pretty dang straight-forward attack... Maybe simplistic would be the better word...
Makina: Women are simple creatures! Compliment 'em and they'll get in a good mood!
Amane: You are aware that you're one of those "creatures" yourself, right?
Sachi: I see. It certainly is a direct strategy, but nonetheless, it strikes me as potentially effective.
Michiru: You think? Can you even call this a "strategy" in the first place? It's not really complex or subtle or anything.
Sachi: That's not always necessary. In many cases, people are surprisingly simple to please. For example, your mood tends to improve dramatically when you eat pasta, Michiru-sama. I'm optimistic this strategy will produce similar results.
Michiru: Hey, what the heck is that!? Don't make me out to be some pasta fanatic! Okay, I do like it, but still! And yeah, I do get really happy every single time I eat it! But still!
Amane: So you're a fanatic, basically?
Sachi: She always has the nicest smile on her face.
Yuuji: Seems like there aren't any particular objections. In that case, we may as well give Makina's strategy a try.
Makina: Roger! Okay, everyone, you're under my command now!
Date: *July 7, 2011, 08:10 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Sachi: Ah, good morning, Sakaki-san!
Yumiko: Uh... hello...
Michiru: Morning Yumiko! Hmm, gotta say, it's always kind of nice to see your pretty face...
Yumiko: ...What?
Sachi: Sakaki-san does have beautiful eyes, doesn't she? I think they make her face all the more attractive.
Yumiko: W-What is this, all of a sudden...?
Michiru: You're right, but I appreciate her face more as a whole, personally. It's nice and thin, and her chin is narrow, you know? Nicely proportioned...
Yumiko: ......
Sachi: It's true, the overall balance of her face is probably what makes her so pretty.
Michiru: The school uniform looks really nice on her, too. Hey, how do you get... Uh, what?
Sachi: Sakaki...san?
Michiru: U-Uhm... Yumi...ko-san?
Sachi: ...She seems to have left the room.
Michiru: ...Yeah.
Amane: Well, isn't this is a rare sight? Hello, Sakaki-san.
Makina: Oh, for real! Yumi-chan, you use this bath too?
Yumiko: Y-Yes... occasionally...
Amane: Hmmm. Hey, mind if I sit here?
Yumiko: It's all right with me, I suppose...
Amane: Hmmmmmmmmm...?
Yumiko: ...Is there some reason you're looking over my body from head to toe...?
Amane: Well, it's just... when I take a nice careful look, your body's pretty shapely, Sakaki-san. Do you have a particular exercise plan? I assume you do something, if you can keep up a figure like that.
Makina: She ain't wrong. Feels like ya could pass for a mannequin, at a pinch.
Yumiko: ......
Amane: I'm a little envious. I did lose a little weight recently, you know? Cut some of the flab off my butt... Even so, getting a look at Sakaki-san kind of makes it feel like I'm struggling in vain.
Makina: Yumi-chan's got some nice ripe peaches, fer sure. Whereas Ama-nee's more like prize watermelo― Owwie!
Amane: Ahaha, but seriously, you've got a dang nice body, you know? I bet Yuuji would...
Amane: U-Uhm, Sakaki-san...?
Yumiko: ...That's more than enough of that. I'll be going now...
Amane: Ah...
Amane: ......
Makina: ......
Amane: ...I don't really get it. What's the problem? Did we offend her?
Makina: The heck's with that? She PMSin'?
Amane: Spare me the dirty-old-man logic...
Yuuji: Yo.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: No need to stalk past me without a word, is there?
Yumiko: ...I don't have anything in particular I need to discuss with you.
Yuuji: Maybe not, but I don't think many people would take that as a valid excuse for completely brushing off your classmate.
Yumiko: ...Well, what do you want, then?
Yuuji: ...Nothing in particular. Just trying to be reasonably friendly myself.
Yumiko: In that case, I'll be going now. Goodbye.
Yuuji: Come on, it's nothing to get angry about. Scowl like that and you're just putting your beauty to waste.
Yumiko: What? Are you in on this too!?
Yuuji: On what, specifically? Can't say I know what you're talking about.
Yumiko: Uhm... suddenly compl...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...It's nothing, forget about it! Excuse me!
Everyone: Haaaaaaaaaaa...
Narration: *The group's heavy sighs resound throughout the lobby.*
Makina: Th' operation ended in total failure...
Narration: *Next, our strategist mumbles an admission of defeat.*
Narration: *We continued to stubbornly press "Operation Dere" until the very end, but our barrage of compliments never produced anything resembling a positive reaction. Quite the opposite - Sakaki's strengthening resistance prompted frequent retreat.*
Yuuji: Well, I guess it's only natural that you get a little suspicious when everyone you know suddenly starts complimenting you simultaneously.
Amane: Our execution was pretty flawed, now that I think about it. If we'd been a little more natural about it, things might have gone better.
Sachi: That's true. Our formations were somewhat mismatched as well. We weren't sufficiently subtle.
Makina: What's this? Criticism of the Imperial Headquarters!? No wonder we failed with traitors in the ranks! Summon the military police!
Michiru: Uhm, you're the one who didn't think this through at all, okay!?
Makina: I have no regrets. That said, I will learn from this defeat for the future.
Amane: ...What are you putting on airs for? As if you're really going to learn anything from this.
Yuuji: Well, in any case, I suppose we now know that Sakaki doesn't react to this sort of flattery.
Sachi: Apparently, she's not the type who can be emotionally manipulated with a single plate of pasta...
Michiru: Hey, why are you looking at me as you say that!? Hmm!?
Narration: *And so, "Operation Dere" fails to produce the desired change in Sakaki Yumiko. If anything, it seems to have brought her attitude from "cool" down to outright "chill"...*
Date: *July 10, 2011, 09:10 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Narration: *The next day.*
Narration: *I'm heading to Sakaki's room in order to drop off a package of hers that arrived in the group mail delivery just now.*
Narration: *Normally, I'd just leave it be, but this cardboard box was large enough to protrude dangerously out of the mailbox. I've thoughtfully decided to bring it to her directly.*
Yuuji: Is Sakaki in...?
Narration: *At this hour, she should probably be somewhere inside the dorm. There's no signs of her leaving this morning, so her room is the most likely possibility.*
Yuuji: Sakaki?
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: It's open...?
Narration: *The door to Sakaki's room stands slightly ajar.*
Narration: *Sakaki's normally pretty careful about her privacy, so this is a distinctly unusual situation. Before I realize it, I'm peeking through the opening into her room.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sakaki...?
Narration: *And in the center of that room, I'm startled to find a spectacle quite unlike anything I've ever witnessed before.*
Yumiko: My eyes...?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Heheh.
Yumiko: I actually thought my butt might be a little big, but I guess not...?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Teheheh.
Yumiko: Wasn't sure if this uniform really suited me, either, but...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Hehehehe.
Yumiko: ...My face too...?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Teheheheheh.
Yuuji: ...Sakaki...
Narration: *To summarize this behavior in one phrase, "out of character" would be most apt.*
Narration: *Sakaki twirls in front of a full-length mirror she's placed in the middle of her room. Muttering happily to herself, she examines her features one by one, grinning broadly all the while.*
Narration: *It's hard to believe this is the same Sakaki who shot down Makina's operation, let alone the woman whose approach to social interaction cycles between disinterest, rejection, and the occasional fit of homicidal rage.*
Yuuji: Is this... "dere"...?
Narration: *Muttering a foolish question to myself, I pull my right foot backward in an attempt at retreat.*
Yumiko: ...Wha!?
Narration: *But the door groans on its hinges, and Sakaki spins around to face me.*
Yumiko: ...Ka... Ka-Ka-Kazami...kun!?
Yuuji: ...Mail just came. You got a big package, so I came to drop it off. I'll just leave that here.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Were you watching?
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...It might be kinder to say I wasn't, but unfortunately I'm an honest man...
Yumiko: ...Ah... uh...
Yuuji: Teheheh, is it...?
Yumiko: ...Guh...gh...
Yuuji: Congratulations on the small butt...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Right...
Yuuji: ...I see. Okay then. See you later.
Narration: *I close the door and break into a full, arm-pumping dash away from the scene.*
Narration: *It's not that I'm particularly afraid of Sakaki's attacks, but... I don't think there are many people out there who'd willingly choose to get slashed at by a box cutter. I'm certainly not one of them.*
Narration: *Especially given the sincere promise of violence in Sakaki's eyes just now.*
Yuuji: But... that's "dere," all right.
Narration: *No matter how slight it may be, no matter how well hidden it is... it's actually kind of pleasant to know that Sakaki does have that side to her personality.*
Narration: *...Every human being is a multifaceted creature.*
Narration: *Seems that rule of thumb applies to Sakaki Yumiko as much as anyone else.*

Date: *July 10, 2011, 10:00 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Narration: *―Sakaki's "dere" earlier this morning left a strong impression, but there's no time to reflect on that spectacle. Our group trip to the beach is today.*
Narration: *What's more, the weather is absolutely perfect for the purpose. Perhaps someone has been earning some good karma lately...?*
Narration: *As the group gathers around the principal's car in preparation for the outing, there's a definite sense of anticipation in the air.*
Narration: *My classmates are moving around restlessly, unable to control their fidgety nervous energy.*
Michiru: Hey! Where should I pack this cooler?
Sachi: We'll be bringing that and the beach parasol in Amane-san's car.
Michiru: What about the lunch boxes!? Do we have them all packed!?
Sachi: Yes, we do indeed. They're already in the trunk.
Michiru: Is it really okay to store them in the trunk? Won't the food go bad in the heat?
Sachi: I stored them with ice packs that should be effective for at least six hours. The heat shouldn't be a problem.
Michiru: Uhhm, okay, so next would be... uhhm... what else is there!? Aren't we forgetting something!?
Sachi: Rest assured, I have already confirmed our luggage against the packing list four times, and I plan to do a final check immediately before departure as well.
Michiru: Don't get cocky! Listen carefully. At times like this, I ALWAYS leave the single most important thing behind, without fail! I, Matsushima Michiru, am a certifiable genius at forgetting things! Don't forget that!
Sachi: Uhm... is there a reason you sound so confident and cheerful about that...?
Makina: After all that complainin', Chiruchiru ends up bein' the most enthusiastic when th' time comes.
Yuuji: Well... in my experience, the blonds of the world tend to see this sort of event as a good excuse to boss people around.
Michiru: Hey, you two! I can hear every word you're saying!
Yuuji: Hello there, Michiru. Tell me something. You didn't even want to go to the beach in the first place, right?
Michiru: I didn't say anything like that! I just mentioned that I hate doing stuff outside in the heat, okay!? Totally different! Get off my back.
Yuuji: Well, I didn't really intend to criticize you either way...
Narration: *If anything, the opposite seems more appropriate. She was opposed to the idea originally, but instead of sulking over the group's decision, she's accepted it with admirable enthusiasm. I guess she's something of a flexible spirit.*
Yuuji: ...No, wait... approach this from a slightly different angle and the term "simple-minded" might be just as accurate...
Michiru: Excuse me!? You say something!?
Yuuji: Don't mind me, I'm just talking to myself. More importantly, are you sure you have all your personal stuff? Not forgetting anything?
Michiru: Hehem. Me, forget something? Surely you jest!
Yuuji: ...Have you already completely forgotten what you said thirty seconds ago?
Sachi: Well, uhm... I myself prepared Michiru-sama's baggage last night, so everything should be all right...
Yuuji: I see... but you see, Sachi, Michiru earned the title of "Scatterbrain Queen" precisely because she's capable of leaving things behind even under such circumstances. Are you sure it's wise to have left her unsupervised?
Michiru: It's fine! My plan of leaving everything to Sachi is flawless!
Yuuji: Where are your swimsuits? You do have them, right?
Sachi: Yes, don't worry. To avoid any possibility of leaving it behind, I'm already wearing it underneath my clothes.
Yuuji: I see, good to hear... Although that kind of sounds more like something Makina would do.
Makina: Yeah! I've gotta sexy swimsuit underneath myself! I'll give ya a show later!
Yuuji: Hoh... That's something to look forward to.
Makina: You know it. Get one look at that subtle bulge under my belly button and you won't be able to pull your eyes away! Until ya collapse from the blood spurtin' out of your nose, at least. Better watch out.
Yuuji: Well, hmm... That irrepressible confidence of yours is a good thing... probably...
Michiru: .........
Sachi: ...Uhm... Michiru-sama? Is something the matter?
Michiru: ...Sachi? Well... uhm... you see... about my swimsuit...
Sachi: Could it be...? Michiru-sama, did you...?
Yuuji: Hey now. What's the matter, genius? Don't tell me your prodigious talent for forgetting things has already exhibited itself?
Michiru: S-Shaddup, you! Just a minor oversight! I'm going back to the dorm for a sec! Don't move a muscle! Got it!? If you leave without me, I'll never forgive you!
Sachi: Ah, Michiru-sama? Please wait, I'm coming too!
Sachi: Uhm... as you can see, it seems I have to excuse myself for the moment... My apologies. I will return shortly.
Yuuji: ...I'm at a loss for words. I think that girl may be even worse than Makina...
Makina: Grr... Come on, I've got my pride too, ya know? No need to compare me with that world-class scatterbrain...
Yumiko: ...I don't mean to rush anyone, but exactly how long am I expected to stand around waiting under this blazing sun?
Yuuji: It hasn't even been ten minutes yet. Bored already? I'll get you a nice ice cream cone once we get to the beach, so try to be patient a little while longer, okay?
Yumiko: ...I would appreciate it if you didn't treat me like a child.
Narration: *In that case, maybe she should try not to whine like one...? But I decide that actually offering her this suggestion would be more trouble than it's worth.*
Makina: Ah, lucky. I want some ice cream too, ya know?
Yuuji: All right, Makina. You've been a good girl lately. I'll buy you one later.
Makina: Ooh, lessee, uhm, can I have a strawberry cone?
Yuuji: Hrm, very well.
Narration: *I drop my hand onto Makina's head in my usual manner.*
Yuuji: Well then, Sakaki, what flavor do you want?
Yumiko: ...I believe I already asked you to stop talking to me as though I were ten years old. I don't want your ice cream...
Principal: Well? Is everyone ready to go?
Yuuji: No... afraid not. The Queen of Carelessness has returned to the dorm in search of her swimsuit, with her maid in attendance. Amane still hasn't returned with the second car either.
Principal: ...That's strange. Matsushima-san and Komine-san are one thing, but Amane-san should probably be back by now... I wonder if she ran into any trouble.
Yuuji: Where's she getting a car from in the first place?
Principal: I assume she's picking up her usual ride from the warehouse on the north side of the school grounds. It's not particularly far...
Yuuji: Should I go check up on her?
Principal: Let's wait a little while longer. If she doesn't come fairly soon, then yes, we should go see if anything's the matter.
Yuuji: Well, there's no real need to hurry, I suppose. The sea isn't going anywhere.
Yumiko: The sea may stay put, but time flies. Personally, I'd very much prefer not to swim in the cold night ocean...
Yuuji: I wasn't planning to wait around quite that patiently either, but... it's better to approach this sort of thing with composure. Rushing tends to create more problems than it solves.
Yumiko: ...Like what?
Yuuji: Right, here comes a good example.
Yumiko: ...What?
Michiru: Haa... haa... haa... haa! Ch... ch-ch-ch... changed!! I sprinted all-out both ways! W-What's my time!?
Makina: The hell're ya askin' us for?
Yuuji: Take a look, Sakaki. This self-evidently dim-witted blond is a perfect case in point.
Yuuji: Desperate with the irrational fear that she'd be left behind, she clearly stopped thinking. The instant she finished changing, she burst out of her room and dashed back over here, thoroughly embarrassing herself in the process.
Yuuji: You see? When people rush, they make stupid mistakes. Life is just full of lessons.
Yumiko: ...A rather convincing negative example...
Michiru: What the heck!? What the HECK! Get off my back! You're the one who told me to do this!! More importantly, you've now seen me in my swimsuit, so I expect your thoughts at once!
Yuuji: ...My thoughts...? Uh, let's see...
Narration: *My first real thought would be "Why are you wearing a school swimsuit?" But I get the feeling that might not be the most considerate thing I could say here, as a man...*
Narration: *When a woman asks for your thoughts, compliment her. Down any other road lies trouble. Another lesson I picked up from my time with that epitome of a troublesome woman, JB.*
Yuuji: Hrm... looks good on you. Very cute.
Michiru: Oh, is that a fact!? Thanks SO much!
Principal: ...What is this girl shouting about...?
Yuuji: I don't fully understand myself, but... I get the feeling she's being carried along by her own momentum at this point... Poor girl may already be well past the point of no return.
Michiru: Shaddup, you! Leave me alone! Anyway, now there's no way I can possibly forget my swimsuit!
Yuuji: ...I guess not, but... what happened to the street clothes you were wearing earlier?
Michiru: ...*Gasp*...!!
Yuuji: Are you for real...? Sorry, but I don't think I can justify referring to you as a tsundere anymore. You're really more of a tsundoofus.
Michiru: ...T-Tsundoofus!?
Yuuji: You are a clown. Makina will now amuse herself at your expense. All right, Makina, look at this girl and chortle heartily.
Makina: Har har har har har har har har hardy har har.
Michiru: ...Wh... What humiliation! I've never known such shame!!
Makina: In English, please!
Michiru: <Oh my gaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!>
Yuuji: Your English hasn't improved either, I see...
Yumiko: ...Look, it's very hot out here. Would it be all right if I waited inside the car?
Yuuji: Come now, Michiru's sacrificing what little dignity she has left for our amusement. Why not enjoy her buffoonery a while longer?
Michiru: Look... I'm not really trying to amuse anyone here...
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa... M... Michiru-sama! Your clothing...! Haa... haa...
Michiru: Talk about slow, Sachi!
Sachi: Mi... Michiru-sama, it's more that... You were much too fast... haa... haa...
Yuuji: Now that she mentions it, you got back here pretty quickly, considering you went all the way to the dorm.
Michiru: Naturally! I was sprinting with everything I've got! When my face is against the wall, I'm quite literally faster than a speeding bull!
Sachi: ...Where to begin...? There were a number of mildly aggravating problems with that sentence, but for the moment, please put on your clothes. This could be construed as indecent exposure...
Michiru: Get off my friggin' back already... it's just a swimsuit, what's the problem? Don't have to talk like I'm a flasher or something. Gimme a break here...
Sachi: Now, now. I'll help you change, okay?
Michiru: Yeah, yeah, I got the picture...
Narration: *Even as she mutters a constant stream of complaints, Michiru takes her clothes from Sachi's hands, then obediently begins to put them on over her swimsuit. Apparently she decided resistance would be futile.*
Michiru: ...I mean, compared to the way Amane usually walks around with her tits hanging halfway out, this is hardly anything worth complaining about...
Sachi: ...Come to think of it, where is Amane-san? She still hasn't returned?
Yuuji: Yeah. If she doesn't show up pretty soon, I'm going to go check on her.
Michiru: Amane's not here yet!? No reason to wait around, then! I'm sure she'll catch up later! Why don't we all just squeeze into the principal's car!?
Yuuji: I really don't think that's going to happen...
Narration: *The principal's car seats five at most. At the very least, one of us will have to ride with Amane, and...*
Yuuji: If we want a more comfortable ride, wouldn't it make more sense to have four people in the principal's car and three in Amane's?
Makina: But Ama-nee's drivin' a two-seater, ya know?
Yuuji: Two-seater...?
Narration: *A vehicle with a fixed passenger capacity of two... So it's a sports car? They may call this place the Money-Sink Academy, but it's pretty hard to imagine they'd have a flashy toy like JB's lying around in some dusty garage...*
Narration: *―In the next moment, a single white vehicle comes into view, crunching its way across the gravel on the athletic grounds toward us.*
Narration: *Behind the wheel, of course, is Suou Amane. And the vehicle she's driving, no matter how you look at it, appears to be a small truck.*
Narration: *That said, it's not a Type 73 Jeep or anything. Just your run-of-the-mill mini-pickup.*
Amane: Yoohoo, I'm here.♪ Sorry for the wait, guys. It took a while to adjust the air pressure in the tires.
Yuuji: I see... Well, that's a "two-seater" too, I guess...
Narration: *I wasn't really expecting her to pull up in a flashy sports car, but a mini-truck is surprising in its own way...*
Narration: *It's certainly well-suited to carrying all our beach gear, and it's probably useful for the school to have around, but...*
Makina: Don't underestimate this baby just because it's a "mini" truck!
Makina: Unique in its class: a four-cylinder SOHC engine with supercharger! What's more, it's got a four wheel independent suspension, with MacPherson struts in front and a semi-trailin' arm in the rear!
Makina: Th' six stars of the Pleiades sparklin' on the front grill are proof that this sucker's packed full of brilliant automotive tech baptized by fire in th' crucible of the World Rally Championship!
Amane: If it had a diff-lock too this baby would be just perfect, but I guess you can't have everything!
Yuuji: The hell are you people talking about...?
Narration: *A mini-truck is a mini-truck, right...? But even as I'm silently belittling the squat little vehicle, something catches my eye. Michiru, her change of clothes complete, is standing stock-still at my side. And her teeth are chattering violently.*
Michiru: ...It's here... The Sambar from hell... has arrived...
Yuuji: The Sambar from hell?
Narration: *I don't get it.*
Narration: *For a vehicle from hell, it looks an awful lot like your average Subaru Sambar. The body's still like-new, so I'm having a hard time picturing it as a cursed vehicle whose previous owners died mysterious deaths.*
Amane: Well? Who's riding with me?
Narration: *But when Amane asks for a companion, there's no immediate volunteer. The others exchange silent looks.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Why's everyone avoiding eye contact with Amane?
Michiru: I... well... I-I'm not riding with her, got it!? Somebody else go!
Yumiko: Thank you for the offer, but I'll pass as well... Principal, would it be all right if I ride with you?
Principal: Huh? Yes, I don't mind, of course...
Michiru: Aaaah! Stop! What do you think you're doing!? Don't just get in! We haven't decided who's riding in that yet, okay!?
Amane: ...Talk about rude. Do you hate the idea of riding with me that much...?
Michiru: What are you talking about!? Of course I do! Did you forget what happened last time!? I came this close to dying in the bed of that truck, thanks to your driving!!
Yuuji: ...Hey, Sachi. Tell me, is Amane an irredeemably terrible driver?
Sachi: No, not at all. I haven't ridden with her, but according to Maki-chan, her skills at the wheel are quite superb.
Yuuji: That a fact?
Makina: Ama-nee used ta drive out to th' market every mornin' to buy veggies and fish for her family's restaurant, ya know? She's really friggin' good at driving.
Yuuji: In that case, why has all the color drained from Michiru's face at the mere thought of riding with her?
Makina: Oh, ya know, some kids just don't like cars so much. As fer me, today I wanna ride in Chizuchizu's car! The seats are all fluffy n' stuff!
Yuuji: Well, it makes sense to have the smaller people sit in the vehicle that has to seat five of us. All right. Makina and Sachi, go ahead and get in the principal's car.
Michiru: He... What are you doing!?! Stop making decisions by yourself! I am NOT riding with Amane, okay!?
Amane: I don't care which of you comes with me, but hurry up and decide so we can get going.
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *How on earth does Amane drive, to inspire such a violent rejection...?*
Narration: *I don't get it, but... there's a siren going off in my mind. My cowardly instinct for self-preservation is screaming "Don't get in that truck!"*
Yuuji: I see. All right, let's decide this with a nice impartial rock-paper-scissors match. That way, nobody's left with any hard feelings.
Michiru: You're... not planning to cheat, are you...?
Yuuji: Don't be ridiculous. All right, here goes... Rock...
Michiru: ...Haaa!
Narration: *...I have no idea what just short-circuited in Michiru's brain, but the instant the word "rock" was out of my mouth she vigorously threw out "scissors."*
Yuuji: ...I was just doing the "rock, paper, scissors" part. What are you jumping the gun for?
Amane: And she still lost somehow...
Michiru: Wha... uh... no... way... This can't be!
Amane: Okay, Michiru, you just lost by disqualification. Resign yourself to my company and hop on in.
Michiru: Nooooo!! This can't be happening! Best two out of three!? It was best two out of three, right!?
Amane: Don't make a scene. Personally, I'm fine with this. You're lighter than Yuuji, so we'll handle smoother this way. C'mere.
Michiru: Nooo! Unhand me! I'm gonna die! This time I'm absolutely positively gonna die!!
Amane: Aww, it'll be fine. At least you're not in the back again, right? As long as you wear your seatbelt, there's no way you'll fall out this time. Okay, here we gooo.
Yuuji: ............
Yuuji: ...She fell...? Off the back of the truck...?
Narration: *At that moment, I thought I understood the nature of Michiru's trauma... but I was still badly underestimating the full terror of Amane's driving. I would come to understand the truth later that day...*
Narration: *...A little while into a pleasant journey to the beach, our two-vehicle convoy was weaving its way down a winding coastal road.*
Amane: Aah, it is so nice out today... This is just perfect beach weather, isn't it? Hey, Michiru, did you put on sunblock before we left? Better take care of that now, or you'll get a sunburn on your left arm before we even get there.
Michiru: S-Shut up, okay!? Just focus on driving! Carefully! Keep your eyes on the road!
Amane: ...You really don't need to hold on for dear life like that, you know? We're with the principal's car today and all. I'm taking it nice and calm, aren't I...?
Narration: *―But just then, a flashy sports car roars noisily up behind Amane's mini-truck and begins to tailgate...*
Amane: Hmmm? Seems we've got an energetic one all of a sudden... Man, he's noisy. Should we just let him pass?
Michiru: Yes, let's! Sounds good to me! Don't let that idiot get to you! Okay!?
Amane: Yeah, yeah, I know...
Narration: *As Amane flips on her turn signal and begins to pull over to the left, the sports car instantly pushes its way past her truck on the right, flashing its hazard lights in greeting.*
Narration: *―But rather than pulling back into its lane, the sports car continues to power its way forward on the wrong side of the road, jumping past the principal's car as well.*
Michiru: Uwaaa! Look ou―!!!
Narration: *The car pushes its way sharply in front of the principal just as she's about to round a curve. She's forced to jam on the brakes hard enough to send up white smoke from her tires, leaving her car shaking unsteadily from side to side.*
Amane: ...Guess he figured he'd just leapfrog both the annoying slowpokes at once, but... that was completely unreasonable... You know the worst thing about kids like that? They don't even realize how crappy their driving is.
Michiru: Y-Yeah, you're right, that guy's terrible. Safe and steady is the way to drive!
Amane: ...Hey, Michiru. Don't you think somebody should teach kids like that just how shitty they are?
Michiru: ...What? Wait, Amane... No, stop! What are you planning?
Amane: Like I said, just a little lesson... "Screw around too much an' yah jus' might die." Gotta open his eyes a bit, you know?
Michiru: Stop it!!
Amane: Won't take a second... mmkay?
Narration: *Not waiting for a response, Amane steps on the clutch and begins to downshift. While giving the truck a little gas, she smoothly drops from fifth gear to fourth, then to third. In the next instant, she mashes down on the accelerator.*
Amane: Here we goooo! Hell yeah!!
Narration: *The whine of the supercharger grows all the more shrill, the four-cylinder SOHC engine screams in protest, and the Sambar savagely accelerates as if stung by a whip.*
Michiru: Gyaaaaaaaaaa!! Stooooppppp itttttttt!!!
Amane: Oh, stop screeching... Look, you need to get your legs firmly braced on the floor. Squirm around like that and you'll end up getting your head cracked on the side window!
Narration: *The Sambar quickly flies past the principal's car, the needle of the RPM gauge mounted at the base of the A-pillar soaring into the red zone within seconds.*
Amane: ...Oh, look who it is. That didn't take long. C'mon now, can't let yourself get caught by a "mini," even if it is an 1800cc turbo. That's just embarrassing, am I right?
Michiru: You're WRONG! In so many ways! I'm telling you to stop, okay!? What are you planning to do once you catch him!?
Amane: Hm? Thought ridin' his ass in a mini might get the point across, but... Ah geez... that's an out-of-prefecture plate... Takin' a little cross-country joyride, are we? Doesn't seem to feel like givin' up the road. Shall we take it from him?
Michiru: ...Wait! Take...? You can't be serious!
Amane: We're passing him at the next straightaway.
Michiru: Stttttoooooopppp ittttttttttttttt!!
Narration: *Michiru's piteous, heart-rending screams fall on deaf ears. As soon as she reaches the straightaway, Amane jams the accelerator to the floor.*
Narration: *The white mini-truck accelerates like a bat out of hell, squeezing every drop of power from its engine.*
Narration: *Its tires clawing at the hot asphalt, the Sambar surges forward. With the advantage of its light frame, Amane's truck smoothly pushes its way alongside the sports car in the blink of an eye―*
Narration: *And running side-by-side, the two vehicles rush toward the hairpin curve at the end of the straightaway.*
Amane: Ahahaha... Ain't we a stubborn one? But are you suuuure about this? Miss that turn at this speed, and you'll be dead, ya know?
Michiru: Aaaah... wha... This can't be happ...! Stop it!!
Amane: Aw, calm down, why don'tcha? I got this. We're lighter than him. We won't lose.
Michiru: Losing your insane race is NOT what I'm worried about!!
Amane: Ooh, there we go. Got scared and took his foot off the pedal. That all ya got? Lame. Let me show ya how it's done.
Michiru: Hey! Brake!!
Amane: Whaaat? Gotta go into a turn at a good speed, or you'll end up stalling halfway through. Just gotta aim right for the apex, little bit closer to the inside edge... There we go!!
Michiru: Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
Amane: Throw it into second gear while usin' the brake to swing the body into position, fix th' angle of approach, and then just push the pedal to the metal!!
Michiru: Nnnnooooooooooooooooo!!!
Amane: Hm, what's all this...? Ah, that sucks, the rear keeps coming off the ground... We're too front-heavy. Hey, Michiru, do me a favor and go climb into the back, will ya?
Michiru: Are you COMPLETELY INSANE!? Don't answer that question! Just stoppppppp!! We're sliding sideways! We're SLIDING SIDEWAYS! We're gonna craaaaash! Let me offffff!!!
Amane: Yeah, yeah. I'm tellin' you there's nothin' to worry about...
Narration: *In a striking contrast to Amane's carefree, almost bored tone of voice, the guard rail draws steadily closer outside Michiru's passenger seat window.*
Michiru: Nooooooo!! We're gonna fall! We're gonna faaaaaaallllll!!
Amane: Look, how many times do I gotta tell ya we're fine!? At this point, we'll make the turn perfectly so long as I keep mah foot on the gas!
Amane: Only way you'd fall after that perfect an entry is if ya get scared and take your foot off the accelerator. See, we're comin' out of it already... Whoopsy-daisy, there we go...
Amane: Oooops... Almost didn't shift gears on th' recovery there! Ahahaha, talk about lame, girl～♪
Michiru: Haa... haa... haa... W-We didn't fall... A miracle...?
Amane: I told you, didn't I? Once ya get the car positioned right and set your angle, it'll turn just fine even if y'take your hands off the wheel entirely. Wanna see? All right, one more time.
Michiru: Don't you DAAAAARE!!!
Amane: Look, look... See? No hands, ma!
Michiru: Put your hands BACK ON THAT WHEEL!! You complete IDIOT!!! Look at the damn road!!!
Amane: At this point, it's all momentum. I know exactly where I'm going even if I don't look―
Amane: And if I did screw up the entry, I'd know the instant we entered the curve, so rest assured... I'll let you know if we're gonna fall well before we plunge to our deaths.
Michiru: Let me offfffff! Waaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Amane: ...Huh? Wait, uh... Oh geez, Michiru, are you crying...?
Narration: *―The Sambar from hell... That "white devil" is no myth...*
Narration: *And Amane, manipulating that demon as though it were an extension of her limbs, makes her way to the beach... burning not only gallons of gasoline, but years off Michiru's life...*
Narration: *When our group arrives at the beach by means of the principal's safe, steady driving, we find the two of them waiting for us, their faces a study in contrasts.*
Narration: *On one hand, Amane sticks her tongue playfully out of her mouth toward us, as if to say "I kinda overdid it! Teehee!"  ...And on the other hand...*
Narration: *Michiru stands gazing into the distance with unfocused eyes, looking like the very picture of the Buddhist "Enlightened Soul"... as if nothing this world has to offer could ever frighten her again.*
Narration: *From my perspective in the principal's car, Amane's sudden acceleration had been a bit of a surprise. But we lost sight of her car almost immediately, so the incident didn't leave that strong an impression at the time...*
Michiru: ...I'm going... ahead, okay...?
Narration: *But when Michiru whispered those hoarse, toneless words, I understood that she had known hell... and would forever bear the scars to prove it.*

Narration: *―Blazing sun harsh enough to burn the skin, salty sea air thick enough to choke on. For a bunch of greenhouse flowers isolated in a sheltered campus, occasional stimulation of this sort is probably a healthy thing.*
Narration: *After unpacking our things from the cars, I set up a beach towel and umbrella to establish a base camp. A few feet away, Michiru sits motionless on the burning sand, limp as a rag doll.*
Michiru: ...Aaah... it's da seaaa...
Narration: *It's all too apparent that the ferocious horizontal G-forces and rapid shifts in momentum she experienced inside Amane's "white devil" jarred Michiru's internal organs. Her powerless, insipid smile suggests the possibility of brain damage.*
Narration: *Mumbling childish words, she resembles nothing so much as an abandoned soldier wasting away from dengue fever; her glazed eyes seem to be gazing at the gate to nirvana. It's a truly pitiful spectacle. I bite my lower lip and avert my eyes.*
Yuuji: ...Michiru... can you hear my voice...?
Narration: *I call out to her, but there's no response. Fortunately, in the next moment an experienced "orderly" appears to assume caretaking duties.*
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama? Are you still not feeling well...?
Michiru: ...Aah... just leave me behind... I'll be... fine in a minute, so... keep moving forward... Don't worry about me... I'll catch you up later...
Sachi: I don't think that's wise... if you space out in the sun like this, you'll get heatstroke. Why don't we get changed into our swimsuits, at least? Here, I'll accompany you to the beach house...
Michiru: ...Baaa...
Narration: *As Michiru mewls like a dispirited goat, Sachi wraps both arms around her from behind and begins to drag her off across the beach like a sack of potatoes. A familiar scene, by this point. Sachi's clearly pretty used to the job herself.*
Amane: ...So as you can see, we're going to head to the beach house and get changed.
Yuuji: Yeah, I'll stay here and look after the stuff.
Amane: Okay, thanks. We'll be back in just a minute, so just keep an eye on the bags.
Yuuji: Got it.
Narration: *As a man, getting down to my swim trunks is a simple matter of taking off my outer clothes on the spot, but I guess girls tend to want more privacy.*
Narration: *―Of course, it might be pushing it a little bit to refer to the eldest member of our group as a "girl"...*
Narration: *And there's a certain female cyborg among us who would probably respond to the words "Let's get changed" with an immediate "Certainly," then instantly begin stripping off her maid uniform...*
Narration: *Not to mention the shrimp who'd fling her hands into the air and cheerfully shout "Take 'em off fer me!"...*
Narration: *And rounding out the set, a ludicrously top-heavy, totally shameless big-sister type, who'd turn putting on her swimsuit into a free show for every male on the beach...*
Yuuji: ...Now that I think about it, Sakaki actually seems like the most normal of the bunch. Weird.
Yumiko: ...Do you have something to say to me?
Yuuji: Hrm, that didn't take long. If it isn't Sakaki Yumiko, Mihama's exemplar of normality...
Yumiko: Excuse me? Is that supposed to be sarcasm?
Yuuji: No, that's honestly what I think. Basically, you're not much fun... A sober woman, right down to the design of your swimsuit. But that's honestly what suits you best. You look good.
Yumiko: ...I'm perfectly aware that my swimsuit is plain. Make fun of me all you want, I don't particularly care...
Yuuji: Wasn't my intention to make fun of you. I said you look good, didn't I?
Yumiko: I remember the words "sober" and "not much fun"...
Yuuji: What's wrong with sober? You're not wearing the swimsuit to get laughs, are you? That look fits you perfectly, Sakaki.
Yumiko: ...I see. All right then...
Yuuji: Uh, hey, what? Hold on, where are you going all of a sudden?
Yumiko: ...What now?
Yuuji: We're not on school grounds today, so everyone's acting as a group. Don't just wander off by yourself.
Yumiko: I borrowed a lounge chair from the beach house. I'll be reading in the shade over there...
Yuuji: Sakaki... we came all the way out to the beach, right? You can read whenever you want...
Yumiko: Well, do we have some group activities planned?
Yuuji: No... nothing set in stone yet, but...
Yumiko: Then you can just call me over when you've made up your minds.
Yuuji: ...Hey...
Yuuji: ...Guess a change of location isn't enough to get that girl to play well with others.
Amane: Oh, I don't know. Maybe she's just feeling a little shy?
Yuuji: Why would she be?
Amane: Because you complimented her swimsuit, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Hoh, I see... Incidentally, care to explain that thing? Looking to get laughs?
Amane: ...Huh? Is it weird...?
Yuuji: I'm not sure if that's the right word, but... just what kind of a swimsuit is that? No, does that thing even qualify as a "swimsuit" in the first place? Seems more like a few pieces of string...
Amane: Aah. Yeah, I think this thing might be defective as a swimsuit. When I move too fast, my breasts tend to spill out the sides...
Yuuji: That's because you're wearing it so loosely. Why don't you tighten up the top?
Amane: Mmm, thing is... if I tighten it up too much... Well, you know... my breasts end up getting squished halfway out all the time. Feels a little TOO sexy. Also, a little too much like I'm a walking Christmas ham.
Yuuji: Hmm. Well, in your case, I guess anything but a sexy swimsuit would have felt like a let-down, in terms of character consistency...
Amane: I know, right? So what do you think? Does it suit me?
Yuuji: Hrm... well, yes, it's certainly an appropriate choice... to the point that it's hard to imagine anybody but you wearing it...
Amane: Ehehe!
Yuuji: That's really nothing to giggle about... Wait, Amane, you've started snacking already?
Amane: Hmm? Ah, this? When I came out of the changing room, a guy at the beach house food stall gave it to me for free. It's grilled corn on the cob. Want some?
Yuuji: Tell me, why do you always eat rod-shaped things like you're auditioning for a softcore porno? Do you really need to lick and slurp your way around it with that dirty gleam in your eye?
Amane: ...Do I really make that naughty a face...?
Yuuji: All right, try eating some. We'll do a little test.
Amane: Okay... aaaahn... nmm... mm... Tasty... mff... ah... mmm... *Slurp*...
Narration: *Amane's slightly plump lips crawl across the surface of the corn. Every once in a while, with a light pant of breath through her nose, she sinks her teeth in with an expression of ecstasy...*
Amane: ...Mmf... ah... mmmm... Haa... mm... mmm... *Smack*... mmf... haa...
Yuuji: Hold it, Amane. Take a look around you.
Amane: ...Hm?
Narration: *Amane's white teeth peek out from between her pink lips as she separates her mouth from the corn with a wet pop. Looking around her, she finds every male nearby red from ear to ear, stealthily shooting glances in her direction.*
Narration: *Here and there, young men conspicuously covering their groins dash desperately toward the sea in search of escape.*
Amane: ...Huh? Why's everyone looking over here?
Yuuji: Because you're eating that thing in a very... weird way.
Amane: Really...? What's so weird?
Makina: C'mon, you're givin' that thing such a blatant blowjob ya'd make a nun blush!
Yuuji: ...Look, you, I was tiptoeing around that for a reason... How about a little sympathy for all the poor guys who just jerked their eyes away awkwardly?
Makina: Who gives a flyin' fart? More importantly, whaddaya think!? Ain't I sexy!?
Yuuji: Hrm, black, is it...? Pretty bold color selection...
Makina: Black is the most bewitchin' color in a girl's arsenal, ya know? I had Ama-nee pick it out for me!
Amane: Heheh. Nice, isn't it? The design's the same as mine, but the color makes a big difference.
Yuuji: ...Well, it's not that big a problem in Makina's case, but I really think you should've chosen something with a little more cloth, Amane.
Amane: Huuuh? You think?
Yuuji: ...And even as you speak, your tits begin to fall out of your top.
Amane: Whoah! Crap...! Stop that, get back in there!
Yuuji: As for Makina... your stomach is kind of poking out there, you know...
Makina: Hmm? Ama-nee said this baby-fat belly bump is cute, ya know?
Amane: Rather than trying to hide it, might as well stick it out nice and proud. When you've got the strong contrast of the black swimsuit, her belly doesn't stand out that much, you know?
Yuuji: Hrm... well, I guess that is more your style, Makina, so it's all good...
Michiru: ...Uuu...
Yuuji: ...Hm? Where's that ominous sound coming from? Sounds like something dragging itself across the sand... And that moan of bitter woe... What on earth...?
Michiru: ...Uuu... it's me... It's meeee...
Amane: Michiru...? Oh man, are you really okay to be out here? Maybe you should rest a little while longer...
Michiru: ...Don't make me laugh! Came all the way out here to play in the sea... There's no way I'm going to res... Bleeeh...
Makina: Pull yourself together, Chiruchiru! The sea is right in front of you!
Michiru: ...S-Sea... The seaaa...
Narration: *Michiru takes one quavering step forward, then crumbles on the spot. Without missing a beat, she begins to crawl her way toward the water, clawing the sandy beach for traction. What is it about the sea that drives her to such lengths...?*
Michiru: ...Ssss... seeeaaaaaaa...
Amane: She's amazingly tenacious...
Yuuji: Having come to the beach, I think she feels obligated to enjoy it to the fullest. Even if it literally kills her.
Narration: *Before long, Michiru's strength fails her, and her valiant struggle comes to a halt. Lying flat on her side, she begins to gnash her teeth and bewail her weakness.*
Michiru: ...U...uuuu! Uuuuuu!!
Makina: ...Chiruchiru's... weepin'... What's up with this feelin' of deja vu...? I feel like I've seen this scene before...
Sachi: I believe you're probably recalling last week's "Professor Dave's Amazing Animals" broadcast. Specifically, the scene at the end where the sea turtles laid their eggs...
Makina: Oooh! Yeah, right! That's it! She's exac'ly like one of those utterly exhausted sea turtle mommies, crawlin' back to the sea after leavin' her eggs on the beach!! You can do it, Chiruchiru!!
Michiru: ...I'm not a damn sea turtle...
Makina: Lay them eggs!!
Michiru: ...Lay your own friggin' eggs! I am not, and have never been, a sea turtle!
Sachi: Michiru-sama? Might I be of assistance in any way?
Michiru: I don't need your pity! I'll get there under my own power, no matter what it takes... The sea! The seaaa...!
Makina: Ooh. Ya got guts, kid! Mmkay then, let's leave Chiruchiru to her struggle an' enjoy the sea at once!
Sachi: Ah, wait! Maki-chan!!
Principal: Ah, the energy of youth. I'm envious.
Yuuji: Come on, Chizuru, you're still young yourself.
Principal: Again with the transparent flattery...
Yuuji: What, you don't want my flattery? If so, it's less work for me, so no skin off my nose...
Principal: ...Why do you feel the need to torment me?
Yuuji: Sorry, that wasn't my real intention... Truth is, I've always been the childish sort of guy who teases girls to try to get their attention. Haven't grown out of it yet.
Principal: You are an irredeemably devious young man...
Yuuji: Guilty as charged.
Amane: Heeeey, Yuujiiii!
Principal: Well, it seems your presence is requested elsewhere. Go on, why don't you?
Yuuji: You aren't going to swim, Chizuru?
Principal: No, I don't think so. I'll be looking after the things, so you just run along now.
Yuuji: ...Hrm... But I'm the one who invited you to the beach. Doesn't really seem right to just leave you alone.
Principal: Oh geez. Don't talk like that to your teacher with such a straight face.
Yuuji: Not trying to be pushy here, but my master always told me to give women two chances to say yes. Why don't we swim together, Chizuru?
Principal: To be honest, I can't swim.
Yuuji: Want me to teach you?
Principal: Thanks for the offer. Maybe next time.
Yuuji: ...All right... In that case, I'll see you later.
Principal: Yeah. Have fun.
Narration: *She is officially our chaperone, and I guess it's understandable that she can't romp around with her students. But we came all the way out to this nice beach, right? I don't think anyone would complain if she floated around a bit...*
Narration: *But when I look back, the principal's sitting under the beach parasol with one arm wrapped around her knees, fluttering a hand to urge me away. With a small shrug, I turn my back on her and head for the sea.*
Amane: Hm? Is it okay to just leave the principal alone?
Yuuji: Not a problem. I'll give her a nice pat on the ass later.
Yuuji: More importantly, did you need me for something?
Amane: Ah, right. Hey, Yuuji, can you swim?
Yuuji: Well enough.
Amane: How well is that, exactly?
Yuuji: Kind of hard to say "exactly"... Let's see, I'm good enough to earn a C-card diving qualification, I guess.
Narration: *When I was in America, I picked up a good number of diving credentials. Even after returning to Japan, I did a bit of row-boat training with a group of combat engineers.*
Narration: *I'm nowhere near the level of the specialized divers from the Special Ops branch, but for more typical purposes, there shouldn't be any problem with my ability to handle myself in the water.*
Yuuji: It's been a while since I last swam in the ocean, but I don't anticipate any difficulties.
Amane: In that case, could you maybe teach Makina how to swim?
Yuuji: I don't mind, but... my lessons tend to be pretty severe, you know? How about you teach her instead, Amane?
Amane: Well... I would if I could, you know?
Yuuji: What? You can't swim either?
Amane: Nah, that's not really the problem... it's more that if I do start giving her a swimming lesson, this swimsuit would probably fall off... or maybe I'd just fall out of it, if you know what I mean...?
Yuuji: ...For future reference, a swimsuit should generally be something you're actually capable of swimming in.
Makina: I've got th' same problem, ya know? If I'm careless, my boobies will pop right outta this sucker...
Yuuji: Yes, because the cloth barely has anything to catch on. "The same problem," my ass. You know no shame, shrimp.
Makina: How ruuude. An' this after I put in the effort to push th' flab from my armpits in here...
Yuuji: Can you explain to me how I'm supposed to teach the girl anything when her swimsuit's going to fall off after a few strokes?
Amane: Look, you don't need to run drills or anything, just help her get the general idea. We're out here to have fun, right? No need to take this too seriously.
Yuuji: ...Hrm... such carelessness has led many to a watery grave...
Amane: Okay, look. I'm not going to say that ultra-serious approach of yours is a bad thing, but how about you try relaxing every once in a while? Just have a good time without thinking about anything else.
Yuuji: Easier said than done...
Makina: Well, hey. I've got my swim tube an' all, so for the time bein' let's head a little further away from shore. Once we're out there I'll let ya grope my boobies, mmkay?
Yuuji: And why would I do that...?
Amane: Okay then, you can feel up mine too. Here, give it a try!
Yuuji: Hey... You're pushy, woman...
Makina: Mine may be small, but th' nipples point to th' sky! They're nice an' perky!
Amane: Mine are not only huge, they've got unusually large areolae! They're pretty dang erotic!
Amane: And so! Your decision, please!?
Yuuji: ...I'm not going to "decide" anything...
Amane: So you're saying you want both?
Makina: Geez... you're so greedy, Onii-chan... Perrrrv...
Yuuji: Say what you want.
Michiru: Uu, uuu... If I can't make it to the sea... at the very least, I'll enjoy myself... playing with sand...!!
Sachi: ...Is this really all right with you?
Michiru: W-What are you talking about?
Sachi: While you're fooling around with that sand, Kazami-san is being lured out to sea in pursuit of breasts.
Michiru: Right now... I can't even stand, let alone walk... What do you think I can do about it?
Sachi: If you'd simply request my help, I would immediately assist you.
Michiru: ...Whatever... it's not like I can... beat Amane in the tits department anyway...
Sachi: ...I understand. It appears your mind is made up, Michiru-sama. In that case, please allow me to join you in playing with sand.
Michiru: S-Sachi... you're being kind to me... To a worthless human being, inferior to even the lowliest sea turtle? You are... You are truly a saint!
Sachi: Never mind me. More importantly, let's devote ourselves to constructing a life-size Prague Castle, worked entirely in sand.
Michiru: Yeah! I'll devote myself to constructing Prague Ca... Wait, life size?
Sachi: Prague Castle is a historic structure located in the modern-day Czech Republic...
Sachi: With a length of approximately 570 meters, and average width of 130 meters, it's listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as the largest ancient castle in the world.
Michiru: ...And you want to make it out of sand?
Sachi: Yes, I don't anticipate any difficulties. I remember the exterior appearance of the castle perfectly.
Michiru: Uh, I don't think that's the problem here, okay...?
Sachi: Come, Michiru-sama. Let's begin by recreating Hradcany hill, the foundation on which the castle was constructed.
Michiru: Look, please! I'm begging you! Let's make something a little bit simpler, okay!?!
Amane: Hey... we're a pretty good way from the shore by now. Wanna get started?
Yuuji: Yeah, guess you're right. Let's begin the swimming lesson.
Amane: Huh? Oh, that?
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean? It is what we're out here for.
Amane: Well, yeah, sure...
Yuuji: Okay, Makina. Tell me, can you put your face underwater?
Makina: Yeah! I dunk my head under in the bath every night, ya know? Ama-nee, hold my swim ring for a sec!
Amane: Sure, but... what are you going to do?
Makina: Behold! Ultimate attack, turtle float!
Amane: ...Turtle float...? What's that?
Yuuji: What, you don't know it? You learn that float in elementary-school swimming class...
Amane: ...Huh? Really? Didn't do anything like that where I grew up...
Makina: ...Buhaa!! How's that!?!
Yuuji: Hrm... All right then, can you pull off a jellyfish float?
Amane: A jellyfish this time...?
Yuuji: Where the turtle float involves pulling your knees to your chest, the jellyfish float has you dangle your limbs loosely down, like the corpse of an Indian soldier carried along the Yagachi river.
Amane: ...I guess I understand, but... couldn't you have gone with a less gruesome analogy?
Yuuji: All right, Makina. Try to feel the bitter regrets and stubborn pride of a freedom fighter, gunned down by the colonialists before your dream of an independent nation could be realized!
Makina: Hooah!!
Yuuji: Yes! Good!
Amane: I have no idea what's "good" about any of this... Is this fun for you people?
Makina: ...Buhhaaaa!!!
Yuuji: Okay, next up we'll do a dead man's float. Tuck your chin toward your chest, extend your limbs straight out, and keep yourself horizontal. Consciously keep yourself slim and streamlined, like you've become a submarine.
Makina: Crash diveeeee!!! Open the ventsssss!!!
Yuuji: ...Oh? Looking pretty good. However, your butt's floating up a bit... Main tank, short blow.
Makina: ...Buhah!!! Short blow!
Yuuji: Take her down sixteen, up periscope!
Makina: Depth sixteen! Up periscope!!
Amane: Uhm, hey... You're supposed to be teaching her how to swim, right?
Yuuji: Hm? Yes, what about it? Look at that, she's maintaining a beautiful horizontal. If you can float this well, it's just as good as swimming.
Amane: Really?
Yuuji: You seem dubious, Amane, but can you do the same? I kind of get the feeling you wouldn't be able to keep up this level a float, what with those oversize ballast tanks.
Amane: Ballast? What?
Makina: He's talkin' about your boobies. They float in th' bath like a pair of grapefruit, ya know? I bet you're totally unbalanced.
Amane: Ugh... Well, I can't deny it... When I stretch out in the water, my legs always sink below my upper body...
Makina: Speakin' of which, Ama-nee... You've been swimmin' breaststroke and keepin' your face up the whole time. Don't tell me you're one of those people who can't go underwater?
Amane: W-What's the big deal? I can swim just fine even if I don't put my head underwater!
Makina: Well, I guess it's no big deal in yer case. Ya won't sink with all that blubber.
Amane: Excuse me!? Blubber!? Watch your mouth! Hmph!
Sachi: ......
Michiru: Hey... Sachi... what exactly have you been doing for the last few minutes?
Sachi: Well, Michiru-sama, you asked me to make something simpler, so I'm currently constructing a sand hill.
Michiru: Yeah, I understand that part, but... is there some reason you're building it over my crotch?
Sachi: A thought occurred to me, Michiru-sama...
Sachi: If it is the fate of the tsundere never to yield in the battle for seduction... If you must overcome the allure of Amane-san's breasts... I believe only one path lies open to you. The temptation of the hole...
Michiru: ...The hole...?
Sachi: Yes, the hole. To be more precise, I am referring to the female genitalia.
Michiru: ...What? Did you just say... genitalia?
Sachi: Allow me to explain...
Sachi: I will construct a heap of sand above your groin to emphasize your current inability to move, then dig a tunnel offering direct access to your genitals. We shall use this suggestive and convenient "hole" to tempt Kazami-san. 
Michiru: ...Uhm... Sachi? What... are you saying?
Sachi: The plan has a solid theoretical basis, I assure you. I read this in a book the other day...
Sachi: To conceal a flaw in your security system, it's wise to make an obvious "hole" to draw focus away from the true weak point... In other words, we attract attention to this hole in order to distract from your undeniably inferior breasts.
Michiru: ...What... are you talking about? Huh? Is it the heat? Has the heat gone to your head...?
Sachi: Please don't say such things. I'm thinking quite clearly. Everything is perfectly normal.
Michiru: What part of this is normal!?
Sachi: Come now. In time, I'm sure you'll look back on this experience fondly. This summer, why not make some wonderful memories on the beach?
Michiru: What the hell is that cheesy advertising slogan!? No one on the PLANET is going to hear that and think "She's right! I'll use a hole to tempt men toward my genitals!" Just for future reference!
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama, please gaze upon the magnificent sea that lies before us.
Michiru: Whaaat!? Er, well... it is magnificent, yes. What about it!?
Sachi: When you look out at this vast ocean, doesn't it all feel trivial? In the end, we're small-minded, stubborn specks of dust, worrying ourselves over matters of no real significance...
Michiru: ...Huh? Uh... well... I guess I sort of understand what you're saying, but...
Sachi: And so, a hole.
Michiru: ...Why!?
Sachi: ...I wonder?
Michiru: You wonder...?
Sachi: Rather than dwelling on such philosophical dilemmas, let us act. I will begin the construction of your hole immediately.
Michiru: Gyaaaaa! Are you serious!? Don't! Stoooooopppppppp!!
Sachi: This is somewhat thrilling, isn't it? It makes me remember my childhood... The time I played in the playground sand box with a boy from the neighborhood...
Sachi: ...The pair of us burrowed through a big pile of sand from opposite directions... and at the halfway point, our hands brushed against each other... That sweet flutter of the heart...
Michiru: ...Hyaaauu!!
Sachi: ...Huh? What's this...? Am I touching something...?
Michiru: Hyaaa! Don't! Not there! For real!!
Sachi: ...Yes, there's definitely something... a supple, elastic bulge...?
Michiru: Ah! Ah! Stop! Wai―! Don't rub that! St... Stop rubbing thaaaaaat!!
Sachi: Ah... yes. Then I'll move my hand slightly lower...
Michiru: Nhoooooo! Sto―! StoooOoP iiiiitttt!!! Aah! Don't put your...! Get your finger out of theeeeeereee!!
Sachi: ...Ah... what on earth? My finger feels so nice and warm... What a pleasant, calming sensation...
Michiru: No... wait a se―! You can't be serious!
Sachi: It's narrow and slippery... and what's this in here...? Something... slightly rough...?
Michiru: Hiaaaaaagh!! Agh! Nn... aaah! Not... there! What are... agh! NooOo!! STOP! You're scratching my...!! NhoaaaaAAAaaAA!!
Sachi: Wah! Just now... something hot just splashed out over my finger...!
Michiru: ...Ghh!!! Ah... haa... haa... haa... haa...
Sachi: Michiru-sama...? Is something the matter? Your face is bright red for some reason...
Michiru: Haa... haa... Sa-Sachi... are... are you doing this on purpose...?
Sachi: Are you feeling hot...? If that's the problem, I'll get you a nice sour drink at once...
Michiru: You MADE me feel hot!! And why a sour drink!?! How about you get me something cool instead, like a sane person!?!
Sachi: Ah, certainly. Then I'll go procure some sea water immediately...
Michiru: Why sea water!?!
Sachi: Well, uhm, if you aren't in the mood for something sour, I thought something salty would be the logical alternative...
Michiru: That makes no sense! Forget it, just make it a cold drink!
Sachi: Ah, yes. I won't be a moment...
Michiru: Uwaah! Hey! Hold on a second! Before you worry about that, close up this hole...! Ah! Hey! Sachiiii!? Are you joking!?! Come baaaaaack!!
Kid: ...Whatcha doin', lady?
Michiru: Shaddup, brat! Don't talk to me! I hate kids! Get lost! This ain't a show!!
Kid: ...Playin' dead?
Michiru: What!? Are you already deaf at your age!? I'm telling you to get lost! Shoo! Shoo!! Don't think I can't move just because I have this giant pile of sand on me! Underestimate me at your own risk!
Kid: Hey, lady, do you like crabs? Check it out, I caught this guy over there just now. It's a crab! Wanna see?
Michiru: A crab!? Who cares! Look, just get lost already!
Kid: See? Lookit the crab! Isn't it cute?
Michiru: Yeah, yeah, very cute! Okay!? Satisfied now!? If that's all you needed, hurry up and make yourself scarce!!
Kid: Ah, Mr. Crab ran away! Wait! Mr. Crab!!
Michiru: Wha-! Don't screw around, kid!! The crab's crawling up me!! Uwah! Hey, you! Hurry up and catch it! The crab's on me! The crab's―!!
Kid: Ah... Mr. Crab ran inside the hole...
Michiru: Huh!? Wait!! What hole!? Don't tell me...! Whaaaaaaat!? Grab that crab! Hurry up and grab it!!
Kid: Okay... one sec, I gotta reach inside th' hole... whoops...
Michiru: Nhoooooooooaaaah!!!
Narration: *Meanwhile...*
Principal: .............
Principal: ...I'm lonely...
Principal: Hey, Sakaki-san. You've been reading the whole time... Aren't you going to go into the water?
Yumiko: ...No, I don't plan to do so on my own initiative.
Principal: Why? Are you waiting for someone to invite you?
Yumiko: Not particularly. Even if they did, I think I'd probably come up with some excuse to refuse.
Principal: But we came all the way out to the beach...
Yumiko: Excuse my saying so, but you're not swimming either, are you?
Principal: I can't swim. And at my age, I can hardly go practice my flutter kick with Irisu-san, now can I?
Yumiko: ...In other words, you aren't going into the water because of a technical obstacle?
Principal: Yes, I suppose you could put it that way...
Yumiko: Well, I don't want to go into the water because of a psychological obstacle.
Principal: ...Psychological...? Do you have unpleasant memories involving the sea?
Yumiko: No... embarrassing as it is to prove myself a typical sheltered rich girl, I can't help but find the idea of swimming in the sea decidedly unsanitary.
Principal: Aaah... I kind of understand what you mean. But in that case, why didn't you veto this trip to the beach when the topic first came up...?
Yumiko: ...Well, an attempt at being a little considerate toward my classmates, I suppose... It might be surprising to hear, but I consciously try not to come off as a spoiled little princess...
Principal: Opposing the idea by yourself and upsetting the group would have been unpleasant, and once it was decided, being left out also seemed an unattractive prospect... Something along those lines?
Yumiko: Yes... Perhaps it seems comical to you...?
Principal: Not at all. It's just... when I look at you right now, it kind of feels like I'm seeing myself at your age. Brings back some embarrassing memories.
Yumiko: ...I'm aware that I'm acting childishly... Try not to laugh in my face, if you'd be so kind.
Principal: I'm not laughing at you, am I? But, let's see... Why don't I teach you some secret words of power?
Yumiko: ...Words of power...?
Principal: Yes, quite potent indeed. A friend taught me these when I was still a student, but I never ended up being able to make use of them...
Yumiko: You're convinced these words you've never even spoken possess a "secret power?"
Principal: Correct. So how about you try them out in my stead?
Yumiko: ...Uhh...
Makina: Awhoo-hoo! I played 'til I couldn't play no more! My tummy's rumblin' from all that frolickin'! When's dinner? Soon, right?
Sachi: Amane-san has currently taken her truck to buy us meat and vegetables, so be patient just a little longer, okay?
Principal: We're having a barbecue for dinner, right? Are you really okay by yourselves?
Sachi: Yes, please leave everything to us.
Michiru: Hold on a second! A barbecue's all well and good, but what about the rice? I'm not going to be satisfied unless I get my carbs with dinner. I burned... a lot of stamina today...
Sachi: That's not a problem either. As we speak, Kazami-san is cooking our rice using his mess kit.
Michiru: Ah, okay. That's fine, but... is he any good at cooking rice?
Makina: He's pretty dang handy with that thing, ya know?
Michiru: Hmmm, really...?
Yumiko: ...Kazami-kun, is there something I can help with...?
Yuuji: Oh, Sakaki...? I'm fine, nothing to worry about here. I'm used to cooking rice outdoors.
Yumiko: You've only got one pot there...
Yuuji: It's round, unlike the elliptical military models, so it can cook a full meal for five. Even split between the seven of us, it'll be around 235 grams each. A typical bowl of rice is maybe 150, so there should be more than enough.
Yumiko: ...I suppose so...
Yuuji: Hm? What is it? Still need me for something?
Yumiko: Nothing in particular... Should I leave? Am I in your way?
Yuuji: You're not in my way, but... this isn't exactly interesting to watch, you know?
Yumiko: ...Yes, I'm aware.
Yuuji: ...? You're a strange one...
Yumiko: ...It seems you can do anything, can't you...
Yuuji: Hm? Well, pretty much anyone can handle cooking rice in a simple aluminum mess kit.
Yumiko: ...From what I saw, you seem to be a fairly skilled swimmer as well...
Yuuji: Well... as much as the next guy, I guess.
Narration: *It's probably because I've spent so much time in harsh circumstances, where the ability to cook rice and swim competently are simply prerequisites for survival, but neither of these strikes me as anything worth boasting about.*
Yuuji: Now that I think about it, it's been a while since the last time I swam in the sea for fun...
Yumiko: Really...? You seem like the outdoors type, so that's somewhat surprising... Do you prefer hiking in the mountains?
Yuuji: No, it's more that... I've spent time in the sea for "work," but it's been longer since I took a swim for pleasure. Let's see... I guess the last time was a summer camp back when I was in middle school...?
Yumiko: Your middle school was in the United States, wasn't it?
Yuuji: Yeah... but either way, it's probably a little different from the sort of camp you're imagining, Sakaki.
Yumiko: In what way...?
Yuuji: ...That's a little hard to explain, but... All right, so at the end of my six-month first term at that school, there was an exam to determine whether we'd be promoted from "reserve student candidate" to "reserve student"...
Yuuji: One day, our instructor gets the group together and says... "In one week, you'll be taking a cruise to a southern island for a week of relaxing fun in the sun."
Yuuji: A "cruise" might sound nice, but we were getting crammed into a ship carrying a bunch of reserve candidates from another branch. The boat was taking them out for naval training, and dropping us off pretty much as an afterthought...
Yuuji: So, anyway... on the way to our destination, we stopped by a port to resupply on fuel. It happened to be a Navy base, so a bunch of students like us weren't allowed off the ship... They kept us waiting for hours at the mouth of the harbor...
Yuuji: We arrived at the port in the morning, but we were still sitting there late in the afternoon. It was just about this time of day, actually.
Yuuji: So the sun starts to go down and we're still standing in the mouth of the harbor with our anchor dropped. No idea how long they plan to keep us waiting. Might be here all night, you know? So we started preparing dinner.
Yuuji: But of course, we're talking about making food for 100 people all at once...
Yuuji: When the ship's sailing, the ventilation's fine, but when you're sitting there anchored that's not the case.
Yuuji: The warm air from the cooking made the interior of the ship unbearably hot in no time at all...
Yuuji: Our entire "cruise" group, along with all the naval guys who weren't on duty, came out on deck in a desperate attempt to get a little cool. But this was a southern island, right near the equator, so it was hardly any improvement...
Yuuji: At that point, our squad leader pressed the instructors for permission to swim and managed to get the OK... So everyone jumped into the sea from the deck and played around for a while.
Yumiko: ...That's... the last time you played in the sea...?
Yuuji: Yeah, guess so.
Yumiko: But you went to a camp after that, right? Didn't you swim there?
Yuuji: Didn't really have the time to play around at that "camp"... They dropped us off at some uninhabited, anonymous island surrounded by rocks. There wasn't a decent bit of level ground on the entire barren island, let alone a sandy beach...
Yuuji: They loaded us on a launch with our personal equipment and some chickens, then dropped us off there for our "fun in the sun."
Yumiko: ...Chickens...?
Yuuji: Live ones. As rations. Place didn't have much in the way of water, let alone food, so they released 20 birds. Told us to do what we wanted with them. Capture them and make them lay eggs, snap their necks and eat them raw, whatever.
Yumiko: ...That seems a fairly severe summer camp for a middle schooler...
Yuuji: You think? People did give up and fail the test, but it was pretty rare for anyone to die, so our instructors always said it was practically a vacation.
Yumiko: At the very least, that sort of survival test would be absolutely beyond me...
Yuuji: Yeah, you don't seem like you'd be particularly good at that sort of thing...
Yumiko: Quite right... I'm confident I would throw in the towel within hours...
Yuuji: Now that I think about it, maybe I should apologize for making you tag along on our little outdoor expedition today.
Yumiko: Don't worry about it...
Yuuji: You ended up not going into the water, though. Looked like you were reading the whole time... Kind of wasted your time, didn't we?
Yumiko: I think spending a little time in a different environment has value, regardless of what you do there... Look, if I really found the idea that unpleasant, I wouldn't have come here in the first place. That's the sort of person I am...
Yuuji: True enough.
Yumiko: ...But...
Yuuji: But?
Yumiko: The truth is, if you weren't on this trip... I probably wouldn't be here either.
Yuuji: I see... So it's my fault after all. Sorry, Sakaki...
Yumiko: No... uhm... that's not what I...
Amane: Heeeey! Yuuuujiiii! I've got the meat and veggies! Where's the rice? Still working on it?
Yuuji: Yeah, it'll be cooked soon!
Amane: Okay, great! When you're done over there, can you come help us get the fire started for the barbecue?
Yuuji: Fine, I'll be over in a minute!
Yuuji: ...So, uh... what were we talking about again...?
Yumiko: ...Forget it... Nothing important.
Yuuji: ...? If you say so...
Yumiko: You call that "secret power"...?
Yuuji: ...What are you talking about?
Yumiko: I believe I may have roughly come to understand why Principal Tachibana is still single, that's all...
Yuuji: ...What? Where's this coming from...?
Yumiko: Never mind me...
Narration: *I've come to believe that the desire to talk in cryptic circles may be a defining characteristic of the female gender... It seems Sakaki is no exception to the general rule.*
Narration: *By the time we've finished off our barbecue dinner, the day's beginning to grow dark in earnest. All of a sudden, Amane snaps her fingers, trots off to her mini-truck, and opens the passenger door.*
Amane: Hey, guys! Want to set off some fireworks?
Yuuji: ...Fireworks?
Amane: Yeah, when I went shopping earlier I picked up a bunch just for the heck of it. Almost forgot about 'em.
Michiru: Hey, Amane! Where are the rockets!? You did get rockets, right!?
Amane: Those things make a ton of noise and it's a real pain to collect all the garbage, so no dice.
Michiru: Whaaat!? It's not fireworks if you don't have any rockets! You didn't get ANY!?
Amane: You said the exact same thing last summer, you know? Got a whole bunch of those things, set them off at once, and nearly killed yourself. After I told you it was dangerous, of course. Remember that? No?
Michiru: Uggh! Last year is last year! If you think I'm the same person I was back then, you're badly mistaken!
Amane: ...I have no idea what about you is supposed to be any different, but either way, it's not happening this year! You'll just have to settle for a nice, non-lethal "dragon."
Michiru: What the heeeck!? Hey, c'mon, Yuuji! You're a guy, so you know what I'm talking about here, right!? Rockets ARE fireworks! It doesn't even count if they don't explode! Back me up here!
Yuuji: To be honest, I'm not a big fan of explosions... I'd rather stick to safe fireworks.
Narration: *Psychological trauma... might be overstating things. But when there's a sudden barrage of harsh cracks and pops nearby, I can hear the screams of ghosts, burned into my ears a long time ago...*
Narration: *And when someone sets off a flashy skyrocket in the dark night sky, it's hard to resist the instinctive urge to throw myself flat to the ground and crawl for cover.*
Narration: *Unlike the distinct sugary-sweet smell of Semtex and HMX, the odor of fireworks is reminiscent of gunpowder, so every time I catch a whiff...*
Narration: *Memories of the muddy jungle flood back into my head, and I recall the taste of blood like scorched iron on my tongue. Can't help but slightly furrow my brow.*
Yuuji: ...Hm? Come to think of it, you're strangely quiet, Makina. I'd think this sort of thing would be right up your alley...
Makina: ...I'm kinda interested, but... I've never really played with fireworks before. It's a little bit scary, ya know?
Yuuji: Don't worry, the ones you hold in your hand are perfectly safe. Want to give it a try?
Makina: O-Okay...
Narration: *The skyrockets Sachi ended up preparing faintly color the night sky one after another, burning light after-images into our retinas.*
Narration: *This time, the sharp aroma of hydrogen sulfide that reaches my nose doesn't seem as bad as all that.*
Narration: *Probably because of the smiles and laughter of my classmates as they watch the sky at my side.*
Narration: *...I wish this could last forever.*
Narration: *Will that childish hope vanish as quickly as the blaze of a firework in the night?*
Narration: *Even then, I don't think I'll forget this moment. I don't think I'll ever forget that there was a time in my life when everything was peaceful and warm.*
Narration: *And as long as I have that memory, I think I'll be able to go on living.*
Sachi: ...I've completed cleaning up the remains of the fireworks.
Amane: Nice job, as always! Well then, we're done with the fireworks! Let's head back! To our school!
Yumiko: Yes... I think it's about time we returned to our everyday lives...
Michiru: That's fine, BUT! I am NOT riding with Amane on the way back too, got it!?
Amane: ...You don't need to be so blunt about it... I'm a little hurt. We'll be going uphill on the way back, I'll drive nice and calm...
Yuuji: Want me to ride with you?
Amane: I like that idea! Shall we drive off somewhere, just the two of us?
Michiru: Don't even think about it! Look, Makina just fell asleep, right!? Take her with you and head straight back!
Amane: Oh come onnn, it was just a joke. You don't need to get all hopping mad about it...
Principal: ...The problem is, Suou-san... when you say that, it really doesn't sound like a joke...
Amane: Wha-!? Did my own principal just call me a slut!?
Narration: *I was driven to this place by a vague impatience, the desire for "something." But even now, I haven't pinned down exactly what I'm looking for. Not knowing what I want, it's impossible to find a clear path forward.*
Narration: *But in that brief moment on the beach, as transitory as the glow of the sparklers in our hands, I forgot all about that. I forgot to be anxious, frustrated; I forgot that I'm stumbling in fog.*
Narration: *And on the return trip, the cool wind quietly blowing through the lowered car window feels strangely refreshing―*
Narration: *The soothing touch of the air on my sunburned face feels almost like a caress. For some reason that I can't express in words, it makes me feel that it's too early to give up hope.*

Date: *July 11, 2011, 10:23 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *―This might sound odd coming from someone who's still pretty much a "kid" in mind as well as body, but... it seems young people these days don't wear wristwatches.*
Narration: *That's not to say they don't feel the need to check the time; they simply use their cell phones instead.*
Narration: *Even the cheapest mobile phone has a digital clock built in, so I guess they don't see any reason to bother carrying around a separate tool for the specific purpose of telling time.*
Narration: *Of course, like a good modern youngster, I myself constantly carry around a personal cell phone. The difference is that I almost never use mine.*
Narration: *I don't really see the appeal of racking up a huge phone bill by firing off pointless texts or killing time with aimless gossip.*
Narration: *To be honest, I tend to view phones in general as a means to receive calls, rather than make them.*
Narration: *Cell phones allow us to talk whenever we want, and that's an undeniable convenience.*
Narration: *But on the other hand, they create the expectation that you'll answer the phone at any time. The way I look at it, that's about as inconvenient as it gets.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *From the inside of my school bag, currently hanging next to my desk, I hear the muffled sound of an unpleasant electronic jingle. The bag wiggles slightly as something vibrates inside. My cell phone's ringing.*
Narration: *The only person who knows my cell phone number is JB. Judging from the way the phone stops ringing at once, this was probably an email―*
Narration: *And as a rule, JB contacts me through actual calls. I don't think she's sent me a single email to date.*
Narration: *"More spam...?"*
Narration: *Odds are it's junk mail. Still, I can't just ignore it. There's a non-zero possibility that JB's using email to contact me under circumstances where talking would be impractical or dangerous.*
Narration: *But when I open my bag and take a look inside, the LED alert is flashing on my private cell phone, not the one I use for work.*
Narration: *I click my tongue lightly in annoyance. Just to be on the safe side, I slide the phone open and take a look at the email.*
Narration: *Subj: It's Kyoko*
Yuuji: ...And who the hell is Kyoko supposed to be...?
Narration: *The mail's from "The Leisure Club," and as for its contents...*
Narration: *It seems a bored and lonely housewife by the name of Kyoko (age 32) is willing to give me pocket money if I keep her company. The very model of a spam email.*
Narration: *This sort of offer is about as credible as Hanoi Hannah's "Throw away your gun, GI, and our benevolent Uncle Ho will give you a paddy field and your very own water buffalo."*
Narration: *If it seems too good to be true, it probably is. Best to remember that unless you want to get taken for a ride. Forget a free lunch; these days no one's going to give you air if they can charge you for it.*
Narration: *I'm slightly irritated at myself for even reading this worthless crap. The way this sort of trivial annoyance tends to pop up several times a day is one of the major reasons I don't particularly like cell phones.*
Amane: Aah, bad boy, Yuuji. When you're in school, you've got to keep your phone in silent mode. They're going to get angry if it starts ringing in the middle of class, you know?
Yuuji: Hm? Ah, yeah...
Amane: Wait, hold on... Uh, you have a cell phone?
Yuuji: Hey now, I'm a modern youth in my own right, you know? Of course I've got a cell phone.
Amane: Ooh, ooh! Okay then, want to exchange email addresses?
Yuuji: ...Hm? Why?
Amane: Uh, what do you mean, "why?" We've got cell phones, so it's only natural to exchange email addresses. It's like the way white-collar businessmen swap their cards. Everyone does it.
Yuuji: That a fact...?
Makina: Oh? What'cha guys up to?
Amane: Hm? Just trying to convince Yuuji to swap addresses...
Makina: ...Onii-chan, you have a cell phone!?
Yuuji: Is it really that surprising...?
Amane: To be honest, you come off as kiiiinda old-fashioned, Yuuji. Maybe "crotchety" would be a better word. I pretty much expected you to be completely out of touch with this sort of youth culture, you know?
Makina: Yeah, what she said. Kinda feels like ya'd start wavin' your walkin' stick around if we brought this stuff up. "Relying on machines is for the weak!! Get off my lawn!!" or somethin', ya know...?
Yuuji: Just what do you people think I am?
Narration: *Makina stares at the cell phone in my hand with eyes full of wonder. It's the expression of someone who's found a caveman holding a cheap cigarette lighter.*
Narration: *Why am I getting the idea these people just might be calling me "Cro-Magnon Kazami" behind my back...?*
Amane: Anyway, this is kind of a special occasion. Let's trade numbers and emails, okay?
Narration: *I have no clue what's special about this "occasion," but revealing my confusion now would probably only encourage their Cro-Magnon theory.*
Narration: *This is a cell phone for my private use, so I suppose there's no reason I can't give out the number and email address...*
Yuuji: ...All right, I'll read out the number... Uhm... what was it again?
Amane: What? You don't even remember your own cell phone number?
Yuuji: It's not like you tend to call your own cell phone, right? What's so strange about not knowing it off the top of my head?
Amane: Uhm, do you not have any friends, or what?
Yuuji: A certain quack doctor once said, "It's better not to make friends with patients."
Amane: ...Because most of them will be dead soon... or something?
Yuuji: ...Okay, so how do I make this thing display my own number, anyway?
Makina: It's not like ya need to hunt around for that. Why not just send it over usin' infrared...?
Yuuji: The heck is that...?
Makina: You know, infrared rays. You can use 'em to send another cell phone your number an' email address an' stuff. All your personal info.
Yuuji: Didn't even know it could do that.
Makina: Lemme see for a sec? I'll do it for ya!
Yuuji: Very well...
Narration: *I deposit my cell phone in Makina's outstretched hand.*
Makina: ...Ooh. What's this cell phone caveman doin' with a top of the line model that only came out four months ago? Ya got some nerve, kid...
Yuuji: Mind your own business.
Narration: *It's not like I picked the thing out. I've just been carrying around the one JB gave to me.*
Makina: Okay! Ready to transmit! Ama-nee, set yours ta receive!
Amane: Hmmm? Huh? Hey, Makina, how do I do this again?
Makina: ............
Amane: Well... I have done it before, really. Just sort of slipped my mind.
Yuuji: Looks like I'm not the only cell phone Neanderthal around here...
Makina: Geez... gimme yours too, Ama-nee. I'll do it for ya.
Amane: Ahaha... sorry...
Narration: *Makina takes the cell phone from Amane's hand, points the infrared port toward my phone, and transfers the data.*
Makina: Okay, we're good!
Makina: ...Uh, whahuh?
Amane: Hm? Something wrong?
Makina: Th' number an' address are the only things that transferred over... Onii-chan, haven't ya registered your name and profile on this thing?
Yuuji: Don't know. I don't remember messing around with any settings since I got the thing, so probably not.
Makina: You serious? C'mooooon. It's a pain in the butt for the other guy if ya just send over a number! At least put in your own name, fer cryin' out loud... 
Amane: Har har!♪ Cell phone cavemaaan!♪
Yuuji: I don't think you're one to talk.
Makina: Okay, how's about I put it in for ya?
Yuuji: Guess I don't mind...
Makina: ...Okay... Ka... za... mi... Yu... u... ji... There. What's your birthday an' blood type?
Yuuji: What? Why would you put stuff like that in there?
Makina: Mm, well... It's possible to send all that info over infrared. It's sorta like an electronic business card, ya know? Ya can send over a picture of your face too, if ya want.
Yuuji: Not necessary. The name should be enough.
Makina: Ya think? Well, okay. Now that's taken care of, let's send it over ta my phone too... There...
Makina: Noice, transmission complete! I'll send my number to your phone too, Onii-chan.
Yuuji: Infrared data transfer, huh...? The world's become a convenient place lately.
Amane: That sort of comment is exactly why you're known as the cell phone caveman, you know? Hey Makina, while you're at it, send my number to Yuuji's phone as well.
Makina: Aye aye.
Makina: M'keh! Perfect!
Sachi: ...Which would mean it's my turn now, yes?
Yuuji: And where did you come from...?
Narration: *It seems Sachi was observing our conversation. She's tightly grasping her own cell phone.*
Sachi: Fortunately, I myself have a cellular phone, just like the kogals one hears so much about these days. By all means, let's exchange data.
Yuuji: ...Kogals...?
Narration: *I really don't think one hears much about that subculture "these days"...*
Narration: *Could my understanding of "kogal" as referring to that '90s fashion with the loose socks and dark makeup be mistaken...?*
Sachi: ...Do you have some objection?
Yuuji: Hmm... you too, eh...
Narration: *To be honest, I don't really want to spread my email address around too much. A constant barrage of messages would be a serious nuisance. But...*
Sachi: You'll give your contact information to Amane-san and Maki-chan, but not to me? I don't understand. Am I perhaps being bullied?
Yuuji: Uh, no...
Sachi: If you have some other reason to deny this information to me alone, please give it to me straight. Should my failings be within my power to correct, I assure you that I will do so.
Yuuji: No, look...
Sachi: If the color of my eyes offends you, I shall pluck out my eyes. If the shade of my skin irritates you, I shall flay myself from head to toe.
Sachi: Now then, please be brutally honest. I must know. In what respect do you find me lacking?
Yuuji: Okay, you're seriously scaring me right now. I'll give you my number, so just stop...
Sachi: ...What? No, I... Now it feels as though I've dragged it out of you by force...
Yuuji: Ah, man! I really want Sachi to know my number! And my email address, for that matter! I want to tell her so bad it's driving me mad! Please, Sachi, allow me to give them to you! 
Sachi: By all means! My goodness... Kazami-san, you really are quite the tsundere, it would seem. You were purposefully flustering me for your own pleasure, yes? Is that sort of sadistic roleplay to your liking?
Yuuji: ............
Yuuji: ...Hey, Amane. Tell me, can I flip out at this point?
Amane: Why are you asking me?
Yuuji: Well, whatever... Go ahead and shoot infrared rays around, I don't care...
Makina: Hokay! Here it comes, Sacchin! I'm shootin' everything I've got! Where do you want it!?
Sachi: ...Uhm... if possible, on my face...
Yuuji: ...Amane. Tell me, can I hit these people?
Amane: Why do you keep asking me these things?
Narration: *―And just as my patience meter is falling into the red zone, there's a flash of vivid gold in the corner of my eye.*
Yuuji: ............
Yuuji: ...Hey. Hold it, bottle-blond.
Michiru: Wh-What!?
Yuuji: What are you doing? Don't tell me you want to know my number too?
Michiru: W-What are you talking about? Are you an idiot or what? Why would I want to know YOUR phone number!? What a completely ridiculous suggestion!
Amane: The lady doth protest too much, methinks. For one thing, there happens to be a cell phone in her hand.
Makina: For another, she started sneakin' up on us all stealthy like...
Sachi: ...What's more, it would appear the phone is currently set to receive data... Were you perhaps hoping to intercept errant infrared rays from the side?
Michiru: Sh...! Shut up, already! Don't go stealing a look at my cell phone's screen without permission! 
Yuuji: Says the girl who's trying to steal someone's phone number without permission.
Michiru: What's the big frigging deal!? T-There's a simple reason for this, for your information! When I kidnap your daughter, I'm going to call you to demand the ransom! That's the only reason I even wanted it!!
Yuuji: I've met quite a few villains in my life, but this bold a kidnapper is a definite first... Uh, sorry to disappoint, but I don't have a daughter.
Amane: If you want to know Yuuji's number, why not just ask him for it...? 
Michiru: Shaddup, you! I don't even want to know this guy's number! Hurry up and give it to me!
Amane: ...Which is it...?
Narration: *In the end, Michiru thrusts her cell phone toward me in a virtual panic, so I transfer over my number.*
Narration: *Not really a problem, since I don't think she's likely to use it, anyway... but at this point, the majority of the class has my contact information.*
Narration: *The only one left would be―*
Yuuji: ...Hey there, Sakaki.
Narration: *I call out to Sakaki, who's currently sitting in the corner of the classroom, impassively reading a book.*
Yumiko: ...Do you need something?
Yuuji: You've got a cell phone too, I assume? Here, record my number.
Yumiko: I don't think that will be necessary.
Yuuji: All right, then give me yours.
Yumiko: Why? That seems even less necessary.
Yuuji: Very necessary. When I kidnap your daughter, I need to be able to get in touch so I can demand the ransom. Fork it over.
Yumiko: Just to let you know, I don't have a daughter...
Yuuji: Is there some reason you don't want to give me your contact information?
Yumiko: ...Not really... but I don't have a reason to give it to you, either.
Yuuji: I want to know. Does that not qualify?
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*...
Narration: *Sakaki closes her book with a resigned expression and gets up from her seat.*
Yumiko: ...I'd appreciate it if you could refrain from sending me pointless messages.
Narration: *As she speaks, Sakaki takes out a cell phone from the pocket of her uniform and holds it out toward me indifferently.*
Yuuji: What, you're giving me your number after all?
Yumiko: You do want it, yes? As I said, there's no particular reason I need to keep it secret... Could we just get this over with?
Yuuji: Mm... yeah, sorry...
Yuuji: ...Hey, you! I need my cell phone back!
Amane: Hm? What?
Yuuji: Give the damn phone back already. I need to register Sakaki's number.
Amane: ...Huh? Sakaki-san's...? Really?
Yuuji: Yes, really... What's the big deal?
Amane: But, I mean, Sakaki-san hasn't even given us her number yet! Why are you the only one!?
Yuuji: Probably because she finds you annoying?
Amane: Huh? What!? Really!? Did Sakaki-san really say that!?
Yumiko: ...Hold on... I didn't say anything like that...!
Yuuji: Well, you do kind of seem like the type to send people completely worthless messages, Amane. You know, "I'm on the toilet now! Taking a poop! Just doesn't want to come out, though... Boohoo." With a crying emoticon at the end.
Amane: The HELL I would!!!
Makina: Hm? What's up!? We discussin' poop!?
Amane: No, we are not! Don't even think about it! Aaaarrrgh! I would NOT send a message like that!!
Sachi: ...Ah... speaking of poop, has everyone heard...? 
Amane: Absolutely no poop anecdotes!!!
Michiru: You people, I swear. Can you stop shouting "Poop! Poop!" at the top of your lungs? How old are you, six? 
Amane: You're shouting it yourself!! Okay, do NOT make a game out of this!!
Yuuji: ...Sorry... this is my fault. Everyone, please... stop talking about Amane's poop.
Amane: Don't bow your damn head!! Stop acting like you're covering for MY mistake!!!
Makina: Okay, okay, let's all calm down, yeah? Uh, what were we talkin' about again?
Amane: ...Haa... haa... Well, uhh... what was it...? Right, Sakaki-san's giving Yuuji her cell phone number. I was just a bit surprised...
Michiru: Huh? Yumiko willingly gave out her cell phone number...? What's gotten into her? I'm thunder-stuck...
Sachi: Michiru-sama, "thunderstruck" is the word you were looking for.
Michiru: I knew that! I did that on purpose! I was testing you!
Sachi: Yes, yes.♪ I'm sure you were.
Michiru: Nnngah! Don't give me that look! You really piss me off sometimes!
Sachi: But... it's certainly true that Sakaki-san giving out her phone number is quite the rare occurrence. I myself was turned down in the attempt...
Yumiko: ...I-It's nothing like I... really meant anything by it. It's just... something I like to keep private...
Sachi: And yet, it seems that you're giving it to Kazami-san, correct?
Yumiko: ...It's not like there's... any deeper significance to that...
Narration: *As Sakaki stumbles over her words, Makina sidles up to her, then slaps a hand down on her shoulder with a light thump.*
Makina: ...You aimin' for Onii-chan? Well, I can't blame ya. He's a cool guy, ya know?
Yumiko: ...Just for your information, I really do not enjoy this aspect of your personality...
Makina: That a fact? Anyhoo, this is a special occasion, so let's all take down Yumi-chan's number too!
Amane: Mm, yeah. It is a special occasion, after all.
Michiru: Well... it's not like I'm interested or anything, but I guess it can't hurt...
Sachi: Indeed.
Yumiko: Ah... hey! My cell phone...!
Narration: *Sakaki reaches out desperately, but it's already too late. Her brutish classmates have abducted her phone, and proceed to take turns violating the helpless device with their infrared rays in an electronic gang-rape.*
Yumiko: ............
Yuuji: Why are you glaring at me?
Yumiko: ...What do you intend to do about this?
Yuuji: What do you want from me? We're the playthings of the moment. No point in trying to resist. Give it up.
Yumiko: ...I suppose I have no one but myself to blame for this nonsense. I was stupid to play along...
Yuuji: ...Stuuupid...
Yumiko: ............
Yuuji: Don't be mad. For the record, I meant what I said. I really did want to know your number.
Yumiko: ...Do you have to put it that way...? You're not playing fair.
Yuuji: Show me a man who "plays fair," and I'll show you a very talented cheater.
Amane: Okay, all done! We've all got your number now, so you can take back this dull black turn-off of a cell phone.
Yumiko: I'm so sorry you don't find my phone sexy! Give it back already!
Amane: Yeah, yeah. Sorry about that. By the way, we put our numbers and email addresses into your phone while we were at it. Feel free to message me any time, okay?
Yumiko: ...No one asked you for them...!
Amane: Ah... hey...!
Narration: *Sakaki grabs her phone from Amane's hand, quickly turns her back to us, and stalks off to her seat.*
Amane: Ahaha... I guess we might have been a little bit too pushy, huh?
Yuuji: Being a little pushy every once in a while isn't a bad thing. I don't think Sakaki's as angry as she's letting on, to be honest.
Amane: I hope you're right... Well, guess I may as well try sending her an email sometime.
Yuuji: You do that.
Amane: Oh, and what I said goes for you too, Yuuji. Give me a message any time, okay?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, if the mood strikes me.
Narration: *Amane hands over my cell phone. The contacts section, previously completely empty, now contains all of my classmates' numbers and email addresses.*
Narration: *After all that fuss, I've got the complete set, but... I wonder if I'll ever actually have the chance to send an email to one of them...?*
Narration: *In the first place, I've never really "messaged" people before.*
Narration: *Of course, I've communicated using email programs on a PC, but... up until now, I've never bothered to send one from my cell phone.*
Narration: *Since you're using a keypad instead of a full-size keyboard, it's a time-consuming nuisance to enter the right characters. And more importantly, I've just never had any reason to do so. Until now, I guess.*
Yuuji: ...And so, I sink a little deeper into the morass of the modern world...
Narration: *As I mumble to myself, cell phone still in hand, a fuzzy-headed little creature pops up before my eyes.*
Makina: Ya sure are popular, Onii-chan...
Yuuji: Hm? What are you talking about?
Makina: Everyone was tryin' to get your cell phone number, ya know?
Yuuji: Yeah, but their real goal was clearly to amuse themselves at my expense.
Makina: Even Yumi-chan?
Yuuji: In her case, I was the one looking to amuse myself.
Makina: If you tease Yumi-chan too much, she just might explode, ya know?
Yuuji: Hoh, that sounds interesting. If she's got enough power, I might be able to sell her to NATO as an anti-personnel weapon. What kind of an explosive yield are we talking about here?
Makina: Megatons. Tunguska-class, fer sure!
Yuuji: This is getting better by the second. She'll replace the tactical nuke as the endgame weapon of choice. Hell, just let people know that you've got a Sakaki, and foreign nations will watch their step.
Makina: Ahahah... right...
Yuuji: Hm? What's the matter? You seem a little down... Feeling tired after that ruckus?
Makina: Nuh-uh. I'm fine, it's nothin'.
Yuuji: ...Ah, hey... Makina?
Yuuji: ............
Yuuji: What was that about...?
Narration: *Makina was acting somewhat strange. And even at the time, I had the general idea it had something to do with me.*
Narration: *Her expression was almost like that of a young girl... The older sister, watching in pouty irritation as her father was monopolized by the youngest child―*
Narration: *As if she wanted to draw my attention, but couldn't figure out how.*
Narration: *I had an older sister myself, and remember pulling something similar with my mother once or twice, so I sort of understand that type of jealousy. But in Makina's case, I wasn't convinced that was the heart of the matter.*
Narration: *At this point, I didn't have any answers, just an open question... "Don't tell me she was sulking for a childish reason like that?"*
Narration: *But several days later, that suspicion would be proven correct in a completely unexpected way.*
Date: *July 13, 2011, 16:05 - Mishima Cape - Station Area*
Narration: *―Having finished up an after-school trip to the supermarket by the station, where I picked up three days' worth of food, I'm briskly making my way back to the dorm.*
Narration: *The contents of the plastic supermarket bag dangling from my hand: six cans of vegetables and beans, a head of lettuce, a box of corn cereal, a carton of milk, and a bottle of oolong tea.*
Narration: *If Amane happened to see this assortment of groceries, she'd probably get on my case about my "tragically bland" diet. Not that I can really argue with that description.*
Narration: *The thing is, though, my appetite is borderline defective; I almost never get the urge to eat anything in particular.*
Narration: *Since I don't have much in the way of preferences, my simplistic food choices are only natural. It's not really something I can change about myself.*
Narration: *There were stretches of my life where my diet consisted entirely of hard old bread so crusty I had to soak it in water before I could sink my teeth into it. Compared to that, anything seems delicious.*
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *My private cell phone begins to buzz in the pocket of my uniform, emitting that familiar electronic jingle. It's just as unpleasant now as it was the first time I heard it.*
Narration: *"More spam...?" was my first thought, but after my classmates seized my email address a few days ago, I've been getting messages from them relatively frequently.*
Narration: *The most frequent sender would be Amane. Her messages are most often Where are you atm? type inquiries about my situation―*
Narration: *Followed by What do you want to eat tonight? style survey questions about the dinner menu, which tend to leave me racking my brains for an answer―*
Narration: *And finally, Limited-time sale 4 PM today! Buy a pack of large eggs from Shoei! and other requests to run errands for her.  *
Narration: *Mixed in with Amane's frequent messages, I've also gotten mail from Sachi, such as I have discovered a beehive hanging under the roof of the PE warehouse. I'm sending this message in the hope you might be able to assist in the extermination.*
Narration: *That one's a pretty typical example; they tend to be polite invitations to join in unified peacekeeping operations around the school.*
Narration: *Well, since those messages at least approach meaningful communication, they're comparatively not too bad. After all, there was that one email from Michiru that arrived in the middle of the night...*
Narration: *After opening that particular message, I stared at the screen blankly for a good three seconds before finally cocking my head to the side in a rare gesture of complete confusion.*
Narration: *The mail's contents:  Shaddupshaddupshaddupshaddupdiediediediediediediedie  hatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehate A simple litany of angry words―*
Narration: *And although I tried to remember whether I'd done anything to offend Michiru lately, no satisfactory explanation presented itself.*
Narration: *...Which isn't to say nothing came to mind, of course...*
Narration: *If anything... so many things occurred to me that it was hard to pin down any one particular incident that might have inspired her wrath. But when I met Michiru the next morning and brought it up―*
Narration: *Apparently, while in bed that night, some stupid little mistake she'd made a long time ago popped into her head. Unable to sleep from irritation, she'd taken it out on me via email.*
Narration: *And the mistake in question: back in elementary school science class, the teacher had asked everyone to name any fish they could think of―*
Narration: *So Michiru raised her hand energetically and shouted out "sushi," earning the ridicule of her classmates...*
Narration: *In other words, pretty much the most idiotic thing in the world to be losing sleep over years after the fact. Imagine, if you can, the exasperation and exhaustion I felt...*
Narration: *Anyway, among all these messages, the only one to make me laugh was sent by Sakaki.*
Narration: *I had assumed I wouldn't get a single email from her in the first place, so it was a bit of a surprise just to receive that message, but the real issue was its contents.*
Narration: *To be specific, the message contained all of four letters.*
Narration: *"Test"*
Narration: *Of course, one could interpret this as the condensed form of a more expressive message...*
Narration: *We've got a Japanese test tomorrow, don't we?♪ Yuuji, are you studying like you should be?*
Narration: *I'm just hopeless, you know? I was just getting started, but my room started looking really messy all of a sudden, so I spent all this time cleaning up. And halfway through my yearbook from middle school turns up!*
Narration: *I was TOTALLY cute back then. OMG for reals adorable. I'll show you sometime, mmkay? - By Yumiko*
Narration: *...But somehow, I think not.*
Narration: *Probably... no, pretty much definitely, she sent it solely for the purpose of confirming that the mail would be delivered properly.*
Narration: *That sort of methodical caution for its own sake seemed very much like Sakaki.*
Narration: *I sent a concise "Received" in reply to her message, and haven't received another from her since.*
Yuuji: ...Well then... who's it from this time...?
Narration: *I open the email folder on my phone with a feeling of mild embarrassment, but the title of the message is an instant letdown.*
Narration: *Will you be my papa?*
Narration: *...From the title alone, it's pretty clearly spam.*
Narration: *I have no idea where they get my email address, since I've never given it out to anyone but my classmates, but this sort of garbage arrives at a pretty decent clip.*
Narration: *I work for a "company" in the business of information, and we've got a pretty nice database, but sometimes I think a bunch of people trying to sell me phony viagra just might have the superior intelligence network.*
Narration: *While reflecting on the spammers' frightening abilities, I press the delete button... but at that moment, my eyes jump to the name of the sender, and I pause in utter confusion.*
Narration: *From: Irisu Makina*
Yuuji: ...Makina...?
Narration: *I cancel the deletion command, open the bizarrely-titled email, and quickly look over the contents.*
Narration: *hello, this is makina. onii-chan, allow me to express my sincear congratulations on your continuing good health.*
Narration: *in conclusion, this constitutes a formal announcemint that you have officially leveled up from onii-chan to papa. thank you very much for my consideration, yours truly.*
Narration: *...It's complete gibberish...*
Narration: *The writing is all over the place, there are all sorts of strange typos, and not a single word is capitalized. Also, I have no idea what any of it is supposed to mean.*
Narration: *Level up? Papa? What is this girl talking about?*
Yuuji: ...Well, I wasn't expecting any message from her to be particularly well-composed, but... this is just too incoherent...
Narration: *Judging from this... I think it would take quite some time to unravel the mystery if we communicate through email. I type out a quick reply.  *
Yuuji: ...I don't... understand. Let's talk... face to face. Okay, send.
Narration: *Awkwardly tapping out a few short words, I send back my response. Makina's reply arrives in less than a minute.*
Narration: *Jawohl!!*
Yuuji: ...Why German...?
Narration: *Does she want to meet in Valhalla, or what?*
Narration: *Anyway, it's pretty obvious that finding the girl and talking face-to-face is the only way this will get cleared up.*
Narration: *Of course, even then... we're dealing with Makina here. Smooth mutual understanding may be too much to hope for...*
Narration: *But at the very least, communication in person has none of the lag time of a text message. And unlike a phone call, you can give the other party a good smack when necessary.*
Narration: *I hurry back toward the dormitory and my conference with Makina.*
Date: *July 13, 2011, 16:20 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *―Fifteen minutes later, I pass through the school gate on my way back to the dorm. As I'm cutting through the courtyard, I observe a bizarre object a little ways off.*
Narration: *The rounded, soft-looking object in question lies slack on the brick-paved ground. *
Narration: *To be more specific, it appears to be the corpse of a little girl.*
Narration: *Or, if you'd prefer more idyllic phrasing, a young woman seems to have fainted. *
Yuuji: ...This can't be happening.
Narration: *I let the plastic bag fall from my hand on the spot and rush to the girl's side.*
Narration: *With every stride, her outline grows clearer, until at last the figure of the collapsed individual comes into sharp definition. *
Narration: *Unruly curly hair that sticks out in every direction, a face as round as a dumpling, and the trademark touch of stupidity: knee-high socks of two different colors. In every particular, it's Irisu Makina.*
Yuuji: Hey! Makina! What's wrong!?
Narration: *Makina's stretched out limply on the ground like a marionette cut from its strings. When I lift her up by the shoulders, her mouth flops open to reveal a white stick.*
Yuuji: ...What is this?
Narration: *The thin white stick emerging from her mouth is clearly man-made... and it seems to be protruding from the depths of her throat.*
Narration: *"...At a glance, it looks like the stick from a lollipop, but... that can't be right, can it...?"*
Narration: *Wavering between belief and doubt, I thrust my fingers inside Makina's mouth and pinch the "white stick" in question. I give it a hard yank, but whatever it is, it's lodged in there pretty firmly.*
Yuuji: ...Goddamn it...
Narration: *Working against my brute-force attempt, the stick is not only short and difficult to grasp, but also slippery with Makina's saliva. It looks like it should pop right out, but doesn't budge. I'm reminded of the legendary sword in the stone.*
Narration: *"...Little punk. Is this a trial? Pull me out if you can, and you'll be recognized as the hero of legend?"  *
Narration: *I again grab the white stick with my fingers, then give Makina's back a harsh thump, as if encouraging a baby to spit out something inedible.*
Makina: ...*Hack!*
Narration: *As Makina lets out a violent cough like a consumptive heroine from a Victorian-era novel, I pull the lollipop (mandarin orange flavor) free from her throat with a wet pop.*
Makina: ...*Hack!* *Wheeze!* Bleeeh! T-Thought I was a goner fer sure!
Yuuji: Okay, how the hell did this happen...?
Makina: We-Welp... I was just thinkin' I'd kill some time lickin' a lollipop until you showed up, Onii-chan... but then I got sleepy all of a sudden, ya know...?
Yuuji: Don't fall asleep with a stick hanging out of your mouth! It's obviously dangerous. I mean, how old are you, again...?
Makina: Ahahaha, I'm truly ashamed.
Narration: *I mean... if I hadn't happened to pass by here... might she have ended up suffocating to death...? *
Makina: Want it?
Narration: *As if deliberately demonstrating her complete indifference to my concerns, Makina casually offers me the same lollipop that I pulled out of her throat mere moments ago.*
Yuuji: No!
Makina: Ya sure? Okay, I'll eat it.
Yuuji: Cut it out! You do realize you almost suffocated on that lump of sugar just now, right? Don't eat lollipops when you're moving around! They can kill you if you fall!
Makina: ...Hoh?
Yuuji: Don't just sit on the ground! Eat the damn thing later!
Makina: Geeeez, what's with all th' naggin'? You're actin' like Ama-nee.
Yuuji: Don't put half-eaten candy in your damn skirt pocket! You're going to turn it into a sticky mess! 
Makina: You're super mad. High-liarious! Hhyahahaha!
Yuuji: ...What's so funny, punk...?
Narration: *I might be noticing this a little late in the game, but... is this girl mocking me...?*
Narration: *Calm yourself, Yuuji. This is the way she is, right? Don't let her get to you.*
Narration: *I press a hand to my forehead, heave a long, heavy sigh, and firmly rub my temples.*
Yuuji: ...And? You planning to explain what that email was about...?
Makina: Hoh? Email?
Yuuji: Don't play dumb. I'm talking about this...
Narration: *I take my cell phone from my pocket, slide open the screen, and hold it out so Makina can see.*
Narration: *It's displaying the incoherent message she sent me just a few minutes ago. *
Makina: Oooh... hohoh, aaah, uhhhm. That, well, it means exac'ly what it says, ya know? Literally.
Yuuji: And I'm telling you I don't understand what it means. That's why I'm talking to you about it...
Makina: Ya got readin' comprehension problems, Onii-chan? Japanese too tricky for you?
Yuuji: You really shouldn't talk... Anyway, just tell me what you're trying to say here as thoroughly, concisely, and bluntly as possible. 
Makina: Uhm, okay. Please be my papa!
Yuuji: ...Papa...?
Narration: *Yeah, that was definitely the title of the email as well, but... no, wait... what does she even mean by that...?*
Yuuji: Tell me something, Makina. When you say "Papa," do you mean... a "Papa" Papa, or...
Makina: Yeah, that's right! I want you to be my papa!
Yuuji: What the heck? Are you seriously asking me to become your father...?
Yuuji: Or are you talking about more of a "sugar daddy" type deal? You're looking for money to play around with, and you think I'm going to give it to you?
Makina: Nuh-uh. That's not it. I don't want money, ya know? You've got it all backward, ac'shully. If you'll be my papa, I'll give you money. 
Yuuji: The hell?
Narration: *...I'll give you money, so please be my papa?*
Narration: *What the hell is that? Every step I take in this bizarre conversation seems to be taking me farther and farther away from understanding the situation...*
Narration: *Okay, hold on. Think this over calmly, Yuuji. There's still a possibility I'm making some ridiculous mistake here.*
Narration: *Before blaming others, carefully consider the possibility that you're the one who screwed up. I had that one beaten into me enough, right? Can't go forgetting it now.*
Yuuji: Okay, Makina. Let's calm down and talk this over, all right? Why do you want a "Papa," exactly?
Makina: ...Uhm, well. Thing is, I don't have a Papa right now, ya know?
Yuuji: Why not?
Makina: 'Cause my old one died.♪
Yuuji: ...I see. Sorry to hear that.
Makina: So, anyway. I've actually been plannin' this for a while, ya know? I always kinda wanted to find someone to replace my dead Papa.
Makina: But, th' thing is, no one really clicked, or whatever. Everyone seemed a little bit wrong for th' job...
Makina: So yeah, I looked around a whole lot, but I couldn't really find anyone who could become my papa.
Makina: But then, ya know what? Conveeny-ently enough, the right man comes to me!
Yuuji: ...You're talking about me?
Makina: Quick on the uptake, aren't ya!? A gold star for you!
Yuuji: For the record, I'm mildly pissed off right now... but whatever... go on.
Makina: Well, I found my man, but if I just said "Please be my papa" all of a sudden, he'd just think I was a weirdo, right?
Makina: An' I didn't want to jump in too early and find out later I screwed up. I'm not that sallow a woman, ya know?
Yuuji: ...Okay, I think you meant to say "shallow" there...
Makina: Alomanocaris!
Yuuji: It's Anomalocaris... No, never mind. Let's leave your pronunciation issues aside for the moment. Keep going.
Makina: So anyway, I decided to set ya as my big brother for the time bein' to see how you handled that. Once I knew for sure you were the right choice, I'd make you become my papa.
Yuuji: That's the "level up?"
Makina: Indeed it is!
Yuuji: ...Haaaaaaa...
Narration: *A long, heavy sigh spills from my mouth.*
Narration: *"She's trying to... buy herself a father...?"*
Narration: *I absentmindedly massage the area between my eyebrows. I've developed a headache all of a sudden.*
Narration: *"Family isn't something you can buy with money."*
Narration: *Doesn't everyone understand that...?*
Narration: *Then again, there are people out there who think they can erase their families with money, so I guess it's not surprising the opposite delusion exists as well... But more importantly, what in the world am I going to do about this one? *
Yuuji: Look, Makina. You seem to be working off a mistaken premise here. Let me clear it up for you, okay? A father isn't something you can replace with money...
Makina: ...Uu?
Yuuji: ...Spare me the "uu"... Hasn't anyone ever told you something like this before?
Makina: Well, ya see, my dad died when I was still young. As a result, I'm afraid my grasp on th' subtle-tees of th' matter may in fact be slightly shaky.
Yuuji: What about your mother? She didn't explain any of this to you?
Makina: Ahahaha, nope. Mom hates me an' all.♪
Yuuji: I see... I guess that makes sense, then... Hmmm...
Makina: Well? Whaddaya think? Will you be my papa?
Yuuji: Your Papa, though... When you say Papa... what exactly are you expecting me to do?
Makina: You don't hafta do anythin' different. Just keep doin' what you're doin'. Protect me from harm, take good care of me, an' love me. That's all I want.
Yuuji: ...Did I ever protect you from harm...? Or take good care of you, for that matter? And apparently I loved you on top of it all...? News to me... 
Narration: *If anything, I feel like I've treated her pretty roughly at times...*
Makina: Familial love is th' strongest love of all, right?
Yuuji: ...Hard for me to say. I don't have a family, so I can't really comment.
Makina: In that case, the both of us can figure out this family thing together. I'll be your daughter, okay?
Yuuji: Figure it out, eh...?
Narration: *They do say life is one long learning process, but...*
Narration: *In the first place... am I really qualified to play this game?*
Narration: *Can an irresponsible man like me call himself someone's father?*
Narration: *Does a piece of trash like me... have any right to...*
Makina: ...Feelin' uneasy?
Narration: *It's a brief sentence, and her tone of voice is casual. But all of a sudden, it feels like my heart is being squeezed tight in my chest.*
Narration: *...Uneasy...?*
Narration: *Yes... that's probably a good word for what I'm feeling right now... if a bit of an understatement.*
Narration: *Do I have the strength to keep this girl safe...?*
Makina: Don't worry! I've got money, for real! Look!
Narration: *Makina reaches into her skirt and pulls out a number of crumpled, bent 10,000 yen bills, along with some smaller change. When I count, it comes out to 86,000.*
Narration: *For a kid's pocket money, this strikes me as somewhat excessive.*
Makina: If it's not enough, I've got a card too.
Narration: *The next thing to emerge from her skirt pocket is a gold card issued by a major credit company.*
Narration: *Compared to the premium or unlimited black cards, I suppose it's something of a toy; but definitely not the sort you'd expect a kid to be carrying around.*
Yuuji: Hey... Makina...
Makina: ...Uhm, well, that's all I've got right now. But if I talk ta Mom or Gramma, they'll give me a lot more money. I promise. So don't worry, okay? 
Narration: *The golden plastic card quivers in her hand.*
Narration: *"What if he says no?"*
Narration: *In that slight, uncontrollable trembling, Makina's terror of rejection is all too clear.*
Narration: *I think I understand now... why she's trying to buy my affection. She simply doesn't know any other way to get what she wants.*
Narration: *This is probably how she was raised.*
Narration: *When she went to her mother to talk about her troubles, she got a wad of money. "This should take care of it." So that was how she learned to solve her problems.*
Narration: *And she never had anyone to teach her that was wrong.*
Narration: *What can I do... for a girl like this...?*
Narration: *What can the likes of me... possibly do for Makina...?*

Yuuji: Makina, listen carefully. I don't want your money.
Makina: ...So... ya won't do it after all...?
Yuuji: That's not what I'm saying. If you want to play house, I'll do it free of charge.
Makina: ...Uu?
Yuuji: I'm not the perfect human being you seem to think I am. I can't commit to becoming your father. It would be irresponsible of me to pretend I could...
Yuuji: But... if it's just playing at the role, I think even someone like me can handle it.
Makina: ...So, it's okay with you...? You'll be my papa?
Yuuji: Mmm... well, a pseudo-Papa, I guess? Since you never learned what a family is, we'll try to figure it out together. Would that be enough?
Makina: Yeah! That's fine! Nah, that's great!! 
Yuuji: All right, then let's leave it at that.
Makina: Thanks, Papa! Thanks so much! I'm just a fledching daughter right now, but one day I'll make ya proud!
Yuuji: That said, I'd really prefer not to be called "Papa" this early in my life... And I think you meant "fledgling"...
Makina: ...Fletching?
Yuuji: That's the feathers on an arrow...
Makina: Well, I don't really get it, but anyhoo! I'm lookin' forward to workin' with ya!♪
Narration: *I take hold of Makina's outstretched hand and give it a quick shake.*
Narration: *Most likely because of that half-eaten lollipop she's been carrying around, her palm is sticky and unpleasant to the touch.*
Yuuji: ...You've got plenty to learn, that's for sure...
Narration: *"When you raise something, sometimes you're the one that grows the most. And when you teach someone, you're going to learn a lot in return."*
Narration: *Or so my master told me once...*
Narration: *At the time, those words didn't really resonate with me. But now, I think I'm starting to understand.*
Narration: *Even so, when I think about the rocky road that lies ahead, I can feel the dull throb of an incipient headache stirring under my temples.*

Narration: *If you want to obtain something, be prepared to lose something in exchange. That's the way the world works.*
Narration: *Makina wants to use her money to buy me? Might as well let her. It's not like my life has that much value to me in the first place.*
Narration: *I glance at the crumpled bills clutched in Makina's hand.*
Narration: *86,000 yen.*
Narration: *...Seems like a bit too much of a bargain any way you slice it.*
Yuuji: Hmph... Sorry, Makina, but I'm pretty damn expensive. This isn't even close to enough. Give it up.
Makina: ...Uu? Not enough? Like I said, I've got more money.
Narration: *Makina reaches back into her pocket and takes out a lumpy, hairy purse, roughly resembling a mutant frog.*
Makina: Uhm... hold on a sec, okay?
Narration: *Makina's purse is packed full of tinfoil from sticks of gum and half-eaten bits of chocolate. Among the crumpled bills and dirty loose change, there's also a single credit card she carelessly tossed inside.  *
Yuuji: ...Just how many cards do you have?
Makina: Hm? Just th' bare minimum. Hold this for a sec, okay?
Yuuji: ...Hey, hold on... this thing is...
Narration: *The credit card Makina casually hands to me is jet black.*
Narration: *It's not made of plastic, either. Seems to be some sort of light-weight metal... Maybe titanium alloy...?*
Narration: *The name of a huge overseas credit company is etched deeply into the surface of the card, probably by laser...*
Narration: *Is this one of those exclusive "Black Cards" I've heard about...?*
Narration: *If I remember correctly, this isn't something just any rich person can get their hands on. It's proof you have a major account in an institution registered with the Swiss Bankers' Association, or something comparable...*
Yuuji: Hold on, Makina... why do you have this card...?
Makina: Aah! There it is! Knew it! I knew this sucker was in here somewhere!
Narration: *Makina shouts wildly in triumph. She's got something like a checkbook grasped firmly in her hands. On closer inspection, I spot the name of a foreign bank on the cover.*
Makina: Well, uhm, like I said, I don't really have th' cash on me right now. Is a check okay?
Yuuji: Listen, slow down for a second...
Makina: That said, I ain't got that much money I can spend freely... Uhm, ten, hun'red, thousand, ten thousand, hun'red thousand, million...
Narration: *Counting off zeros in an off-pitch, sing-songy rhythm, Makina scratches down a number onto a check.*
Makina: ...This is prob'ly the absolute best I can do. Is it enough?
Narration: *With a carefree smile, Makina thrusts out the slip of paper toward me. For a moment, I'm completely stunned. It's a check for seventy million yen...*
Yuuji: Are you serious...?
Narration: *As I run my eyes over the check again and again, I feel a sticky, unpleasant sweat begin to seep out of the back of my head.*
Narration: *This is absurd. You could build a hell of a nice house for yourself with this kid's pocket money...*
Narration: *Even if I exercise my option and keep working my current job right until the retirement age, I don't know if I'll ever save up this much...*
Makina: So, do we have us a deal?
Yuuji: Wait, wait! This is way too much money! I mean, is this thing even real!?
Narration: *I don't remember even taking the check from Makina, but it's in my hand. I hold it up to the light of the sun and peer through it.*
Narration: *There's a typical watermark inside the paper. The check itself looks like it was issued by a genuine financial institution...*
Makina: It's a lotta money at once, so I think they'll probably hit ya pretty hard on the handling fees if you cash it on th' spot. Might be better to just make an account at th' bank for it―
Makina: But these days, there's also some companies who don't charge too much for that sorta thing, so ya might want to look around a bit before ya make up your mind.
Yuuji: ...Why do you have this sort of money?
Makina: Well, my mom gave it to me. That's my "allowance for life," ya see.
Yuuji: Look... you can't just give that to me.
Makina: Why not? You're my papa as of today, right? Just gimme an allowance for what I need.
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *...Hold on a second here. Why am I starting to go along with this...?*
Narration: *Well... I mean, I do get the feeling that leaving Makina to manage this money herself won't necessarily end well...*
Narration: *But why exactly do I have to take care of her finances?*
Narration: *Ah, right, I guess that's the natural thing for a father to do...*
Narration: *Wait, wait, hold on. I didn't agree to any of this yet, did I?*
Makina: If that's still not enough... I dunno what else to do... Guess I'll hafta pay with my body...
Narration: *As she speaks, Makina clasps her hands behind her back and begins to squirm around shyly. I follow her gaze toward a secluded thicket, ideal for outdoor sex.*
Narration: *The hell...? Is she seriously proposing a quick screw in the bushes? Does she honestly think that scrawny little body of hers is going to influence my decision?*
Narration: *I mean, what? How did she get this idea in her head? Amane? Probably Amane. I think I need to have a talk with that woman...*
Yuuji: ...Haa...
Narration: *How many sighs would this be today? I've lost count.*
Yuuji: Well, whatever... Fine. I'll allow you to buy me.
Makina: ...Weh?
Yuuji: "Weh" yourself. As of today, I'm your father. I'll hold onto this money.
Makina: ...So th' rest will be covered by screwin' in the bushes?
Yuuji: That won't be necessary.
Makina: ...It just me, or is that kinda a letdown?
Yuuji: Rest assured, it's just you. Listen carefully to what I'm about to tell you, Makina.
Narration: *I drop my hands onto Makina's thin, fragile shoulders and stare her square in the face.*
Yuuji: I accepted this job, so I'm going to carry it out. But I'm going to do it my way.
Yuuji: And my approach might not always correspond exactly with the ideal father you've been imagining.
Yuuji: As your "father," there's only one thing I can promise you... Even if everyone else in the world becomes your enemy, I'll always protect you.
Makina: ...Then... Onii-chan, you're my papa from now on...?
Yuuji: That's what I'm saying.
Makina: ...Hyu...
Yuuji: ...Wha!?
Narration: *Makina falls forward into my arms, the tension draining from her body like a taut string that's finally snapped.*
Narration: *I see... all along, this girl wanted a guardian more than anything else in the world...*
Narration: *Of course, she had Amane, and none of her classmates would ever hurt her, but...*
Narration: *Even so.*
Narration: *Even so, something was missing.*
Narration: *Something like family. A person who would love her unconditionally; a person who would keep her safe, no matter what. A father.*
Narration: *She was searching for a long time. But when she finally found a suitable candidate, she didn't know what to do next. In the end, she clumsily threw everything she had in the world at my feet.*
Narration: *Makina's lifetime allowance... seventy million yen.*
Narration: *Certainly not a small chunk of change, but the amount isn't relevant in this case.*
Narration: *She offered me everything. Absolutely everything. And fortunately, I don't have to think too hard about how to answer that desperate gesture.*
Narration: *I'll just do anything and everything I can for her.*
Narration: *If that's enough for Makina, there's no reason to second-guess myself.*
Narration: *I don't have to rack my brains about this job. It's nice that way. Simple, easy to understand; well-suited to an idiot like me.*
Narration: *And so, as of today, I've become Makina's father―*

Date: *July 14, 2011, 16:45 - Mihama Academy - Hallway*
Narration: *―I'm accustomed to being used by others.*
Narration: *After all, at my "part-time job" it's not considered acceptable to second-guess your orders, let alone defy them.*
Narration: *Once you're given instructions, you're expected to carry them out to the letter, without question, without hesitation, and without doubt.*
Narration: *In other words, there's no "right to disobey." Then again, simply do what you're told, and you'll always be provided with the necessities of life. There's no need to agonize over your decisions when you're not the one making them.*
Narration: *In that sense, it's a very easy life.*
Amane: Sorry to push this off on you, Yuuji. I know it's kind of a pain...
Yuuji: Don't worry about it...
Narration: *I'm currently carrying a metal overhead projector down the hallway.*
Narration: *In our increasingly computerized age, this sort of bulky machine is already well down the road to complete obsolescence, but a fraction of the teaching staff... specifically, those older than fifty... don't seem to have gotten the memo.*
Narration: *As a general rule, these older instructors prefer to use hand-written transparencies as visual aids for their lessons.*
Narration: *Personally, I don't really like to complain about the elderly not moving with the times, but every classroom in this school has a retractable LCD projector mounted in the ceiling―*
Narration: *So being forced to lug this heavy thing around for every lesson is definitely enough to inspire a few exasperated sighs.*
Amane: You know, until you showed up, I was allllways the one who had to take care of this sort of thing. You're my savior, Yuuji.
Yuuji: You're seriously exaggerating. This is nothing.
Narration: *Saving people is... something else entirely. Something much, much more difficult.*
Narration: *In the first place, Amane isn't my superior or anything. I have the right to turn her requests down flat.*
Narration: *Since I'm not exercising that right, I'm acting out of my own free will. There's nothing to thank me for.*
Yuuji: Anyway, I'm just trying to show off in front of a woman. Pure self-interest.
Amane: Hmmm. But there's no need to show off for a girl you're not interested in, is there? In other words, you like me, Yuuji?
Yuuji: As a general rule, I dislike women who ask me annoying questions. You don't have to follow me around, by the way. I know where the equipment room is.
Amane: Geez, why do you always have to say mean stuff like that...? Just for your information, if you think girls find that sort of attitude cool, you're completely wrong.
Yuuji: That a fact? Let me rephrase that, then. "Leave this to me, Amane... you go on ahead. I'll catch up later."
Amane: ...Now it's a death flag?
Yuuji: ...Amane... once this job's done, let's get married...
Amane: Yeah, look, enough with the foreshadowing... Uh, more importantly, don't say stuff like that. I know you're just screwing around, but my heart still skipped a beat. Better watch out or I just might end up taking you seriously...
Yuuji: Duly noted.
Amane: Well, whatever. I don't want you thinking of me as some annoying stalker, so... can I leave the rest to you?
Yuuji: Yeah, not a problem.
Amane: Okay then, I'll head home first and get dinner ready. Any requests?
Yuuji: ...What?
Amane: Didn't you hear me? I'm making you dinner tonight. What do you want?
Yuuji: You really don't need to do that...
Amane: It's not a thank you or anything. I'm making you dinner because I want to, not because I "need" to. You have no say in the matter.
Yuuji: ...Look...
Amane: Don't give me that glare. If I don't make that clear, you won't even show up. I'm making your share, so you'd better come eat it, okay?
Yuuji: ...Hey! Hold on!
Narration: *Unilaterally announcing a schedule as if the matter has already been decided, then disappearing before I have the time to object: it's a favorite trick of the crafty older woman.*
Narration: *By repeating this process numerous times, they deeply imprint the idea "I can't oppose this woman" onto my subconscious, ultimately depriving me of the ability to voice any resistance to their plans.*
Narration: *Why, exactly, do these sort of sly women flock around me like moths to a flame? At this point, I'm half-convinced it's some kind of a curse.*
Yuuji: ...Pushy girl...
Narration: *Watching Amane bound jauntily off down the hallway, I heave a light sigh. In the next moment, the cell phone in my breast pocket begins to buzz with a harsh electronic sound.*
Narration: *As the ringing phone vibrates against me, I feel the warmth drain from my chest.*
Narration: *It's my black cell phone... The one I was given for "work."*
Narration: *I pull the phone out of my pocket and glance at the LCD screen. The caller's name is displayed: "Julia." First and foremost among the sly women in my life.*
Narration: *After a short, deep breath, I press the "answer" button and hold the phone to my ear.*
JB: You've got a job, Yuuji.
Narration: *The first thing I hear is electronic noise, as the call's converted from a general analog line to an encrypted digital connection. That, and the commanding voice of a woman. A voice that brooks no opposition.*
Narration: *In answer to her clipped, succinct words, I offer a similarly terse and business-like response.*
Yuuji: What's the situation...?
JB: Type B, semi-alert. You're still at school, right? Your ride will be there in seventeen minutes. Be prepared.
Yuuji: Affirmative...
Narration: *She cuts off the call without warning before the word is completely out of my mouth. Par for the course.*
Yuuji: ...Seventeen minutes...
Narration: *Returning the phone in my hand to my breast pocket, I glance at the cheap digital wristwatch on my left wrist, which currently reads 4:50 PM. Looking up, I hurriedly scan my surroundings.*
Narration: *When I look back over my shoulder, I find Sakaki performing her usual "languid intellectual girl" act, one elbow resting on a windowsill as she sighs apathetically for no apparent reason. I call out to her without hesitation.*
Yuuji: ...Sakaki!
Yumiko: ...What?
Narration: *Sakaki turns to look at me with a displeased frown on her face, roughly translatable as "I'm not deaf," and approaches me with obvious reluctance.*
Yuuji: Sorry, but could you take care of this?
Yumiko: ...What?
Yuuji: Something urgent just came up. You know where the equipment room is, right? I need you to take this back for me. Please.
Yumiko: ...Hold on... why do I have to...
Yuuji: I owe you one.
Yumiko: ...Ah... hey...!
Narration: *Not waiting for Sakaki's response, I turn my back on her and break into a run. She doesn't raise her voice to berate me, let alone chase after me. Exactly as I'd calculated beforehand.*
Narration: *I'm pretty sure Sakaki loathes domineering men from the bottom of her heart, but that hatred is so intense precisely because she can't offer much resistance to them.*
Narration: *―It takes me one minute and forty seconds to reach my room. Since I ran all-out, I've worked up a good sweat in that time...*
Narration: *But thanks to the daily running regimen I've kept up since coming here, my breathing is still pretty regular.*
Narration: *I quickly peel myself out of my sweat-soaked school uniform and toss it carelessly aside. Opening the sack sitting in the corner of my room, I take out my change of clothes.*
Narration: *Specifically, a green work uniform with the name of a cleaning company embroidered on the shirt, a cap of the same color, and a package of disposable adult diapers.*
Narration: *First order of business... I take a diaper out of the plastic packaging and wrap it around myself.*
Narration: *In my line of work generally, and especially in my specific job, it's often impossible to take a "bathroom break" once you've taken your position.*
Narration: *Fact of the matter is, I once spent several hours of a lengthy job stewing in my own piss.*
Narration: *The discomfort I endured on that occasion is beyond my ability to express in words. As a direct result, I picked up the habit of wearing a disposable diaper to any job, no matter how minor.*
Narration: *As soon as I finish with the diaper, I slip on my light green work shirt, step into the trousers, tighten my belt, and put on my hat, completing my change into the "frog uniform" reviled by all who wear it.*
Narration: *Finally, I pull on a pair of deerskin gloves as a measure against possible injury to my fingertips, completing my preparations. Taking my phones out of the school uniform, I push them into my breast pocket and head for the door.*
Narration: *As I reach for the doorknob, I take a final look back into the interior of my room.*
Narration: *The school uniform scattered messily on the floor kind of stands out, but there's no reason to worry about it now. In this school, there aren't any superiors to chew me out about it while brandishing the "punishment stick."*
Narration: *Might as well just clean it up when... and if... I come back. There's always the possibility I'll never get that chance, but in that case nobody's going to be able to nag me about anything ever again.*
Narration: *I burst out of the dorm and rush toward the school gate.*
Narration: *My body feels light.*
Narration: *Even as I burrowed my way into a lax student life, casually gathering small fragments of happiness with every passing day―*
Narration: *Even when I was startled to find my cheeks loosening into a spontaneous smile... Even at the best of times, that underlying feeling of frustration never disappeared. That vague, heavy anxiety was always with me.*
Narration: *And yet, with a single curt phone call, that weight has been lifted from my shoulders. My body moves freely, effortlessly.*
Narration: *When you get down to it, this is how I was made. This is how I'm supposed to operate. This is what I am.*
Narration: *As I try to convince myself of that, my body grows lighter still; but in exchange, I can feel the gaping, empty hole in my chest growing wider.*
Amane: Hm? What? Yuuji...?
Narration: *An unexpected voice brings me to a reflexive halt. When I turn, sure enough, Amane's standing a few meters away.*
Amane: Huuuh? What's with those clothes...? Are you going somewhere?
Yuuji: Yeah... got called in to work all of a sudden.
Amane: ...Really? Uhm, what was it again, a cleaning company? Wait... what about dinner? Are you going to be getting back late?
Yuuji: Well... I might not be able to make it back.
Amane: I see... Hmmm...
Amane: Okay then. In that case, I'll have it ready for when you get home. Don't worry, I won't start eating without you.
Yuuji: I don't know if I'm going to be back at a reasonable hour.
Amane: It's fine, I'll wait. But do try to finish up as soon as you can, okay?
Yuuji: ............
Amane: Hm? Cat got your tongue?
Yuuji: ...All right.
Amane: All righty then! Work hard out there, okay? By the way, the menu tonight is sweet-and-sour pork. Makina's request.
Yuuji: ............
Amane: Huh? What is it? Don't tell me you hate it...? I don't put in any pineapple, if that's what you're worried about.
Yuuji: That's not it... Thank you, Amane...
Amane: Hm? Ah... yeah... Where's this coming from? Feels a little weird to hear you say that, you know.
Yuuji: Okay, I'm heading out.
Amane: Yeah, see you later.
JB: Yep, see you laaaater!♪
Amane: ...Huh?
Yuuji: ............
JB: Hiii, Yuuujiii～
Yuuji: Look, woman... don't just casually butt your way into a conversation between young people.
JB: Ah, sooo meeean. Hey, c'mon, did you hear that? Isn't this guy just terrible!?
Amane: Huh? Uhm, I guess...
Yuuji: Why are you here?
JB: ...What do you mean, why? I told you on the phone that your ride was on its way, didn't I? Pay a little more attention next time. Geez.
Yuuji: I don't remember anything about that ride being you.
JB: Well, yes. That's because I never mentioned it.♪
Yuuji: ...Okay, can you stop talking in that sugary tone of voice? You sound like a transvestite magician. It's raising my blood pressure...
Amane: Uhm... Yuuji?
Yuuji: Right. As I may have mentioned before, this blond clown is JB. Feel free to ignore her stupid jokes.
JB: Aw, who says I'm joking?
Yuuji: Stop talking. Let's just go.
JB: Owwwie! How many times do I have to tell you not to pull me around by the hair!? Geeeez! What a brute! Let me introduce myself, at least!
Yuuji: ...Are you serious?
JB: Hellooo there. Uhm, I guess this would be our first meeting? I'm Yuuji's guardian, Harudera Yuria. Although from what I hear, you seem to be taking good care of him for us, Suou Amane-san.
Amane: Ah... uhm... nice to meet you... Huh? Wait, why do you know my name...?
JB: Because Yuuji's allllways talking about you, of course. Here you go, my card.♪
Amane: ...Ah... thanks... Asahi Clean LLC... Second Public Relations Section... Section Chief, Harudera... Yuria-san...
JB: Yep.♪ But it's just JB to you, okay?
Amane: ...Uh, right...
Yuuji: That's more than enough, isn't it? Let's go, JB.
JB: Wha... hey! Not the hair...! Ah! Owwie! Nooooo!
Yuuji: ...Later, Amane.
Amane: Ah, yeah... bye...
Amane: ............
Amane: What's the deal with that woman...?
JB: ...You mad?
Yuuji: Why would I be...?
JB: Well... it kiiind of feels like you don't want me meeting those kids.
Yuuji: That's right, I don't... You stink of gunpowder, JB.
JB: ...Huh? Really? Do I smell? ...*Sniff* *Sniff*...
Yuuji: It was a figure of speech...
JB: Well... I guess I did show up suddenly, so I'll apologize for that. But if you get that jumpy about it, you're just going to make them suspicious, you know? Be careful.
Yuuji: ...I know.
JB: Get in...
Yuuji: This car never gets any less obnoxiously flashy... and the interior stinks of perfume.
JB: Better than gunpowder, right? Don't complain.
Narration: *As she speaks, JB leans over toward me in order to put on her seatbelt, her body exuding the same sweet smell of perfume that pervades the car. It's the raw scent of an adult woman.*
Narration: *As a general rule, women sprinkle more perfume on themselves with every year they age. Some of them end up as walking air fresheners, but JB's fragrance isn't too unpleasant...*
Narration: *Somewhat reminiscent of a mother's scent, if anything.*
Narration: *Better than the smell of gunpowder, to be sure.*
Yuuji: ...And? What's our destination?
JB: The Yokohama office, first... We'll be picking up your equipment and meeting with the other members of the team. After that, you'll be moving in a company station wagon.
Yuuji: ...Will I be working with a partner?
JB: No. You're on your own, as usual. The other members will be acting separately from you.
Yuuji: Then there's hardly any point in meeting them, is there...?
JB: If you don't want to, I guess that's fine. It's up to you. But you've got two girls on the team this time, you know?
Yuuji: ...What does the team matter? I'll be with them for what, part of the van ride? ...And their gender is even less relevant.
JB: You seem a bit grumpy... Have you been getting enough sleep lately?
Yuuji: Can't... I'm still a shallow sleeper, and my dreams are always about the past...
JB: Why don't you take a little nap? I'll wake you up once we reach the office.
Yuuji: Sounds like a plan...
Narration: *I open the glove compartment and retrieve a bottle of eyedrops and a sleep mask.*
Narration: *According to the watch on my wrist, it's now 5:26 PM. About time I got started on stretching my ocular muscles in preparation for my job.*
Narration: *Pressing the back of my head firmly against my headrest, I apply a single drop of fluid to both my eyes, then gently close them.*
Narration: *Eyes still shut, I move my eyeballs in a regular figure eight pattern, sometimes squeezing my eyelids firmly down against them.*
Narration: *Opening my eyes, I swing my focus up and down to the absolute limit, as if attempting to look at my own forehead and chin. Next, I move my eyes left to right, trying to catch a glimpse of my own ears.*
Narration: *I repeat the same exercises a total of five times, with one minute breaks in between each repetition.*
Narration: *When I'm finished, I gently close my eyes, slip on the sleep mask, and consciously slow my breathing.*
Narration: *And inside the car, enveloped in JB's sweet fragrance, I quietly fall into sleep.*
Date: *July 14, 2011, 17:30 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Sachi: Her name is "Michiru," so how about "Mitch" or something of the sort?
Makina: Mmm... if you're doin' somethin' like that, why not go all the way to "Mitzy?" Somethin', ya know... cutesy enough to make ya plotz?
Michiru: ...Okay, look. I've been listening quietly for a while now, but I'm starting to run out of patience. What do you people think you're doing? Can you please refrain from screwing with my name to kill time!?
Makina: Hoe? The heck? You're the one who said not to call ya "Chiruchiru," punk.
Michiru: I don't remember saying I wanted you to replace it with an even weirder nickname! And you do NOT get to call me "punk!"
Makina: Tch... this girl is such a pain in the ass... Then what DO ya want me to call you?
Michiru: I have a name! It's Matsushima Michiru, and it's perfectly fine as is! I don't want any weird nicknames!
Makina: Mmkay, so, Michiru?
Michiru: Don't leave out the honorific! I'm older than you, so have a little respect!
Makina: Michiru-chan?
Michiru: That's even worse! I'm not a child!!
Makina: Michiru-san?
Michiru: That sounds like sarcasm when it comes out of your mouth! If anything, I'm kind of pissed off!
Sachi: In that case, Michiru-sama it is.♪
Michiru: Ugh!! T-That's not...! Uhm! Urrrgh...
Makina: ...Hmm... Nah, wait, hold on a sec here. Playin' with the name isn't the only way to come up with a nickname, is it?
Makina: For example, Detective Jean Jacket on teevee gets his nickname from always wearin' a denim shirt... We could try a nickname based off her physical features... or some visual characteri-stick...
Michiru: Look, I really don't think I need a nickname in the first place! Will you just listen to me for once!? Please!?
Makina: ...Okay! From today forth, you're Detective Blondie! Lookin' forward to workin' with ya!
Michiru: That's really unimaginative!! Also, I'm not a detective!
Sachi: Unfortunately, I think that nickname won't always be perfectly applicable... For example, when her hair grows out and the natural color begins to show at the roots...
Sachi: Ah! How about "Detective Pudding," after her favorite snack!? Or perhaps we could lay particular emphasis on her cheap, transparent personality with "Detective Jello!"
Michiru: Grahhhhh, geez! I'm telling you, I'm not a friggin' detective!! And STOP comparing me to Jello!!!
Makina: ...She just keeps gettin' noisier... Talk about annoyin'.
Michiru: That's my line!! Aaaaargh!!
Makina: Aah, sheesh, what a pain... Uhm, okay then, Chiruchiru. How do ya eat your fried squid?
Michiru: ...What? Ah... uhm... with soy sauce, I guess?
Makina: Mmkay then, Soy-Squid it is. From today forth, Chiruchiru is Soy-Squid! A pleasure to make yer acquaintance!
Michiru: Grahhhhh! Look, don't start handing out half-assed nicknames just because you got bored of the game!!
Sachi: Now, now. Please calm yourself, Soy-Squid-sama.♪
Michiru: Who's going to calm down at a time like this!? Stop giving that idiotic name a test run!
Amane: Geez... can you guys keep it down out here? What's all this shouting about? You're bothering the neighbors.
Makina: Uhm, guess what? I just thought up a new nickname for Chiruchiru! Uhm... what was it again?
Michiru: Soy-Squid, idiot! I'm Soy-Squid! Uh, by the way, I am absolutely NOT Soy-Squid!
Amane: ...Which is it?
Sachi: Personally, I think Soy-Squid is a wonderful nickname! Doesn't it sound like it could be some mysterious character on "Fresh-Fish Superman, Tunafish Man?"
Michiru: Don't just casually play along with this nonsense! Listen up, okay!? This is a legitimate case of bullying!
Makina: Incidentally, Ama-nee, how do ya eat your fried squid?
Amane: Hm? Let's see... with soy sauce, mostly...
Makina: Say what!? What a disastrous twist! Another mysterious Soy-Squid has appeared!
Makina: ...Chiruchiru... I know it's a letdown, but please give up th' title of Soy-Squid, okay?
Michiru: It's NOT a letdown, for your information! Not in the LEAST! More like a huge relief!
Sachi: By the way, I prefer mine with barbecue sauce.
Michiru: Nobody asked!
Makina: All right, maggot! From this day forth, you are Sauce-Squid!
Michiru: Great! You just had to run your mouth! Now this little dimbulb gave you another of her bizarre nicknames!
Makina: And I am Mayo-Squid!
Michiru: ...Wha! Do you seriously eat fried squid with mayonnaise!?　
Makina: ...Weh? I mean, ya eat calamari bites with mayo as an appetizer, right...? What's so weird about that?
Michiru: Hmmm!? Mmm... when you put it that way... uhhh... I don't know, it still feels a little...
Makina: Wanna decide the matter by a majority vote?
Michiru: ...Uh, what's the point?
Makina: Ooh? Hey there, little lady. Mind sharin' your opinion with us?
Yumiko: ............
Makina: Yeah, you. The one who's pretendin' not to hear me.
Yumiko: ............
Makina: Attention, the girl who's got her back turned to me, currently communicatin' via body language "Please don't talk to me in that familiar tone. I don't want anyone to mistake us for friends." I'm talkin' to you!
Yumiko: ............
Makina: Yes, you, whose shoulders jus' sagged in defeat, as if ta say "Just when I thought I was going to slip by, I've been caught by the most troublesome of the bunch." That's right, you! First things first, how 'bout ya turn around?
Yumiko: ............
Makina: ...Huh? Whatcha mad about?
Yumiko: ...Why don't you search your heart very carefully and see if any likely explanations come to mind?
Makina: I'll pass! Don't really care! More importantly, Yumi-chan, how do ya eat your fried squid?
Yumiko: ...I'm very close to running out of patience right now...
Makina: Ah... sorry, was it too hard for you to understand? Okay, fried squid 101. Ever heard of calamari? Pretty much th' same thing. Ya sorta slice the squid up into little rings, then coat it in batter an' deep-fry it...
Yumiko: I know what it is, thank you very much!
Makina: Not surprising. So, how do ya eat it? That's the topic of th' moment...
Yumiko: Unfortunately, my experience with plebeian cuisine isn't as extensive as yours! I've never had any!
Makina: ...Huh? You fer real?
Yumiko: Yes, it's true. What a pity, I suppose you won't be able to give me one of those bizarre nicknames after all...
Makina: Okay then! From this day forth, you are "Nega-Squid!"
Yumiko: ...Kuh! This girl... is utterly impossible to reason with...!
Amane: Ahahahaha! Nega-Squid... that might actually be a pretty good fit for Sakaki-san!
Michiru: Look, Amane... don't just stand there laughing, do something about this! Tell her to stop with these stupid nicknames!
Amane: Oh come on, what's the big deal? Kinda fun, isn't it?
Michiru: Not even remotely! Are you even listening to these? The girl's got a nasty sadistic streak! Her nicknames are downright cruel!
Makina: Hey, don't go slanderin' people, ya dumb bottle-blond. Unless ya WANT to get a boot where the sun don't shine? We unner-stand each other?
Michiru: ...Okay, for another thing, her language has definitely gotten even more coarse lately...
Sachi: Kazami-san is clearly a bad influence in this respect...
Makina: ...I don't have a "self," so I gotta live by imitatin' others... I can't really help it, ya know?
Michiru: Stop trying to distract us by saying vaguely tragic things! You're not going to pull the wool over my eyes that easily! That does it. Come here for a second!
Makina: Noooooohooooo!! Owwwie! Don't pulllll! It's comin' offfff!!
Michiru: Ah! You're not wearing a bra AGAIN!? What is wrong with this girl!?
Makina: What's th' big deal? When ya got a body like mine, might as well flaunt it!!
Yumiko: ...Would it be all right if I returned to my room now?
Amane: Aw, what's the big hurry? It's not like you've got anything to do in there, right? Other than downloading more porn off the 'net, of course.
Yumiko: I'd appreciate it if you kept your groundless speculation about my private life to yourself!
Amane: Yes, yes, sorry about that. No need to get all grumpy, Nega-Squid.
Yumiko: I'd also appreciate it if you stopped using that bizarre nickname!
Amane: Yeah, yeah... Speaking of which, what does fried squid have to do with anything in the first place?
Sachi: Well, uhm... my guess would be that Maki-chan simply felt like eating some.
Amane: Huh? Really? But Makina, you told me sweet-and-sour pork sounded good tonight, right?
Makina: Yup! Sweet an' sour's good stuff, alright. But fried squid ain't bad either, ya know?
Amane: Fried squid, huh... You sure do love tough food, don't you? Not that I really understand why...
Makina: The harder th' food, the more satisfyin' it is to get it down your gullet!
Amane: Well, I guess I sort of see where you're coming from... Okay then, shall I make some fried squid too? Yuuji would probably be happier with seafood than meat as well.
Makina: Sounds good ta me.
Makina: Hm? Wait a sec. Come ta think of it, where's Onii-chan at?
Amane: Ah, Yuuji's off at his part-time job. He left with that JB person a little while ago.
Makina: ...Part-time job...?
Michiru: ...Hmph... Not that I'm curious or anything, but what kind of job does he have?
Amane: Mmm... He works for a cleaning company, I guess? He was wearing this janitor-style uniform when he left.
Michiru: Oh, now that you mention it... he did say something like that, I guess.
Sachi: It seems Kazami-san lost both his parents at a young age... I wonder if he has to work in order to raise funds for his tuition...?
Yumiko: Officially, he's enrolled as a specially-invited international scholarship student. He should be exempted from 80% of our tuition.
Sachi: But even if his enrollment here is free of charge, I assume his daily living expenses come out of his own pocket, yes?
Yumiko: I don't know quite that much.
Michiru: Doesn't that shady-looking blond "JB" woman take care of that sort of stuff for him?
Makina: If we're talkin' about shady, I think that bogus bleached-blond look ya got goin' on there has her beat hands-down, Chiruchiru!
Michiru: ...Why you little... Want to find out how far that can stretch!?
Makina: How far WHAT can stretch!?
Sachi: In the first place... who exactly is Harudera-san?
Amane: Uhhhm... what was it again? A really, really distant relative of Yuuji's, I think?
Michiru: The little sister of his big sister or something...?
Sachi: ...That would just be another sister, I believe?
Yumiko: Wasn't she... the friend of his elder sister, I think?
Michiru: They're not even related? Why would she be taking care of him, then?
Yumiko: Why are you asking me? There's no way I'd know the answer to that question.
Sachi: But when she introduced herself, she thanked me for "taking good care of Yuuji for us," very much as though she was a relative... Even if they aren't tied by blood, I believe it's safe to say their relationship is quite close.
Michiru: Wait, Sachi, you've spoken to that woman?
Sachi: Ah, yes... Some time ago, I happened to encounter her while I was cleaning the area around our gate.
Sachi: I noticed a suspicious loiterer observing the school grounds from the outside, so I approached with my trusty broom intending to drive her off. But when I challenged her, I discovered it was merely Harudera-san.
Amane: Hey, Sacchan... don't "challenge" people who look suspicious to you. What are you planning to do if you run into someone who's actually dangerous?
Sachi: Verbally challenging those who are behaving suspiciously acts as a valuable preventative measure. The objective of my vigilance is not to catch criminals in the act, but rather to discourage potential future misdeeds.
Amane: I understand what you're saying, but... if you end up getting attacked by some lunatic, you wouldn't stand a snowball's chance in hell, you know?
Michiru: But I can't argue with you on one thing... That woman is definitely a suspicious character...
Michiru: I ran into her by the station a while ago, and we talked a little, but... I don't know how to put this... she seemed kind of... detached? I couldn't really pin her down... For one thing, that weirdly friendly smile of hers feels phony...
Makina: She's not a bad person or anythin', though. She gave me some gum the other day, ya know?
Amane: ...Huh? What, you've met her too?
Amane: No, wait, first things first! I'm always telling you not to take presents from strangers, right!?
Makina: What's th' big deal? I mean, I knew who she was, ya know? An' she had lotsa gum and candy on her because of her sales work, I guess.
Amane: Sales work...?
Yumiko: ...A salesperson who gives out gum and candy...? Like one of those door-to-door life insurance agents?
Amane: But Yuuji works in cleaning, right?
Michiru: Hrrrm, so maybe that empty smile is her default expression as an experienced saleswoman? I guess I can sort of buy that...
Amane: ...Look, you... don't go picking fights with the nation's life insurance ladies. They'll wreck you.
Sachi: But... as a business vehicle for a simple insurance saleswoman, I must say that flashy car seems far too extravagant...
Michiru: How much does that type of car cost, anyway?
Yumiko: ...Approximately 18 million yen, perhaps?
Michiru: ...Geh! Seriously!?
Amane: And that kind of car has high ongoing maintenance costs after the fact, too. If you use it normally, those tires go completely bald in half a year... and they're 100,000 yen a pop, you know?
Michiru: What!? Is she that rich!?
Yumiko: ...A representative of some huge foreign insurance company...? Even then, it doesn't quite fit...
Michiru: I told you she was suspicious... I mean, where's she even from, anyway?
Amane: Uhm... she kind of looks like a serious German, maybe?
Sachi: A merry Italian, perhaps?
Makina: She's a crude American. No doubt 'bout it.
Michiru: Why are you so confident about that?
Makina: I mean, when she greeted me she said "Howdy." Th' only people who still use that word are country cowboys, right? And a few old ladies who were in school in th' eighties, I guess.
Amane: ...She's definitely a bit of a mystery...
Michiru: Uh, is that all you have to say...? Is this really okay with you?
Amane: Hm? What are you even talking about?
Michiru: I mean, that JB woman... She and Yuuji definitely have a... uhm... what do you call it...? You know...
Sachi: A "sordid relationship?"
Michiru: Yeah! That! They definitely have that sore-did relationship thing going on, right?
Amane: Mmm... you think?
Michiru: Aren't you going to do anything about it? I mean, can you really beat an opponent like that in a fair fight, Amane?
Amane: Beat who? At what?
Michiru: That woman, of course! At being a woman! I mean, yeah, you've got youth and breast size on your side. But your opponent is a blond, remember?
Michiru: In other words, she's a tsundere! I'm sure she's going all lovey-dovey on Yuuji even as we speak...!
Amane: ...Look, Michiru. I, uh... I think this idea of yours that all blond women are tsunderes is kind of off-base.
Michiru: ...Huh? Really...?
Yumiko: ...Don't ask me.
Michiru: Anyway! I'm asking you a very simple question! Are you REALLY all right with letting that woman do as she pleases!?
Amane: Uhm, I don't really have a say in the matter, you know? I'm not Yuuji's girlfriend or anything. As long as I can be his big sis, I guess that might be enough for me...
Michiru: Weak! Super weak! At that rate, you're just going to end up as his convenient little servant girl! What are you getting out of that!?
Amane: Hmmm... self-satisfaction... I guess?
Michiru: What a total weak-kneed coward! I misjudged you, Suou Amane! You've let me down big time!
Amane: Ah... he... Michiru? What are you so angry about?
Sachi: ...Somehow, I think I roughly understand Michiru-sama's feelings on the matter.
Amane: What is it...?
Sachi: Uhmm... I'm putting this rather simplistically, but I think it boils down to the fact that... she simply doesn't like the idea of some strange woman taking Kazami-san away.
Amane: Huh? Sacchan, you're going too?
Amane: I don't get it... what do they want me to do about this?
Amane: ...Well, whatever. Okay, I've gotta get dinner ready.
Yumiko: I'll also be...
Makina: Hey ho! Yumi-chan, Yumi-chan!
Yumiko: ...I've got a distinctly bad feeling about this... but for the moment, I'll play along... What is it?
Makina: Since the gen'ral consensus was Nega-Squid was kinda over the top, I thought up a brand new nickname fer ya!
Yumiko: ...I really don't want to hear this... but go ahead, if you absolutely must...
Makina: Barbara!
Yumiko: ............
Yumiko: ...What?
Makina: Better clean out them ears, girl! I said Barbara!
Yumiko: ...Why?
Makina: Oh, or maybe Yvonne!? Well!? Which do ya prefer?
Yumiko: ............
Yumiko: ...I should have fled when I had the chance...
Date: *July 14, 2011, 22:00*
Makina: Fwah... aaaaaaa...
Amane: Hehe... that was a big yawn, Makina. Sleepy?
Makina: ...Yeah... jus' a lil' bit... Onii-chan's... really late...
Amane: Guess the job must've dragged on. He did say this might happen. We don't know when he'll be back, so why don't you just head back to the room and go to sleep?
Makina: Mm... what are you gonna do, Ama-nee?
Amane: I'll wait here a little longer. I've still got something to take care of, too.
Makina: ...Somethin' to take care of? Wazzat?
Amane: Still have to iron Yuuji's school uniform.
Makina: ...I'll help too, ya know...
Amane: Don't worry about it. It's already 10 PM. You're sleepy, right? Just leave the rest to me.
Makina: Mm... Sorry, Ama-nee...
Amane: Like I said, nothing to worry about. Can you get back to the room okay by yourself?
Makina: ...Yeh... I'll be fine...
Amane: ...Okay then, let's finish this up nice and quick.
Narration: *―Same day, Same time―*
JB: ...Sorry about this. We kept you out pretty late this time.
Yuuji: Par for the course. Nothing to feel guilty about.
JB: But you're keeping a girl waiting in your room this time, right?
Yuuji: Ahh...
Narration: *I glance down at the watch on my left wrist.*
Yuuji: It's 10 PM already... and they eat dinner at seven, so there's no way she's still going to be waiting at this point.
JB: You don't know thaaat.
JB: Amane-chan, was it? That sort of girl takes her promises seriously, you know. If she's meeting her boyfriend for a date, I bet she'd wait hours past the arranged time without batting an eyelid.
Yuuji: I really don't think she's that inflexible.
JB: Why don't you give her a little call to let her know you're on your way back?
Yuuji: What's the point? We'll be at the dorm soon.
JB: You are really clueless... For your information, that sort of diligence is really important to women.
Yuuji: Does getting in contact all of ten minutes earlier really make that much of a difference?
JB: Yes. Yes, it does. I won't tease you, so just give her that call.
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *Getting a lecture about women from JB is distinctly aggravating, but I don't think she's wrong. I take my private cell phone out of my work clothes' breast pocket and pause for a moment in thought.*
Yuuji: ...No... don't think I will after all.
JB: Aw. Why's that?
Yuuji: You're assuming that Amane's still waiting, but there's a chance she gave it up hours ago.
Yuuji: If I call her now and get "Ah, sorry, I was asleep," it would be pretty damn awkward.
JB: Oh, but I do think she's waiiiting...♪ Make sure not to antagonize girls, okay?
Yuuji: If there's some reason I need to worry about that, I'll take appropriate measures.
JB: Half the human race is female, you know? Love thy neighbor if possible, but at the very least don't go around turning them into your enemies.
JB: Be nice to girls and you'll enjoy a meaningful school life. Isn't that enough of a reason? If Amane-chan is mad, give her a proper apology.
Yuuji: I can't think of any reason why she'd be angry...
Narration: *I told Amane beforehand that I'd be back late, and I don't remember asking her to wait for me.*
Narration: *If she's still waiting anyway, logically speaking that's nobody's fault but her own.*
Narration: *But for some reason, I do feel like I should at least come up with some sort of excuse... Am I losing my edge or something...?*
JB: Okay, here we are. Good work today.♪
Yuuji: Appreciate you going out of your way to drop me off.
JB: It's fine. Okay then, I'll be in touch when we get another job only you can do.
Yuuji: Do me a favor and try not to call me out for every little thing, all right?
JB: Oh, don't give me that. You were permitted to attend this school on the condition that you maintain reserve status, remember?
Yuuji: I'm aware. All right, JB, see you later.
JB: Ah, hold on a second, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Hm? What now?
JB: Greeeat work today～♪ You were just wonderful. Fierce. Wild... I got goosebumps.♪
Yuuji: What is this, all of a sudden...? Why are you getting out of the car?
JB: Thought I'd give you a goodnight kiss.
Yuuji: ...What?
JB: Goodnight, Yuuji... mmmm... mwa...
Yuuji: Hey... the hell!?
Narration: *Suddenly, JB twines her arms around me and draws close, planting a kiss on the side of my face with all the force and speed of a rattlesnake striking its prey.*
JB: ...Teeheehee?
Yuuji: Teeheehee yourself... Seriously nauseating...
JB: Later, Yuuji. Love you!♪ I'll be in touch, okaaay?
Narration: *JB lets out a high-pitched giggle unworthy of her years and swings back into her car, kicking her high heels vigorously up into the air. In the next moment, she's speeding noisily off into the night.*
Yuuji: ...What the hell was that all about...?
Narration: *When JB acts like that, it means she's up to something...*
Narration: *I can't imagine what she possibly hoped to accomplish this time, but it's best to err on the side of caution when dealing with that woman's schemes.*
Yuuji: ...Some sort of trap...?
Narration: *I mumble to myself uneasily, watching as JB's car dwindles quickly into the distance like a bad boy fleeing the scene of a successful prank. And when I turn back toward the school, the nature of her snare becomes clear at once.*
Sachi: ............
Yuuji: ...Sachi...?
Narration: *Sachi stands frozen a little distance away. Her cheeks are flushed red, she's lightly biting down on her lower lip, and her whole body seems to be trembling slightly.*
Narration: *She's holding a white plastic shopping bag in her hand. Probably on her way back from an expedition to the convenience store by the station.*
Sachi: ...Uh... Uhm... I-I... I didn't see a thing...
Yuuji: Hey... hold on, Sachi... I'm pretty sure you're misunderstanding something very badly right now. Let me explain.
Sachi: Ah... Uhm, I... well... I'm on my way to deliver Michiru-sama the ice cream she requested, so, uhm, e-excuse me...!
Yuuji: I'm telling you to hold on a second, all right? JB and I aren't, well... Our relationship isn't...
Sachi: P-Please say no more! It's what they call a "sordid relationship," yes!?　
Sachi: I-I'm not a child! I completely understand! It's only natural for a man to pursue that sort of purely physical, dry relationship...! No, perhaps "wet" would be a more accurate description!?
Sachi: No problems here! No sir!
Yuuji: ...Uh, no, that's not... JB and I aren't... Look, you've got this wrong, she was just screwing around...
Sachi: Yes! I understand! Screwing around in the adult sense, yes!? Please don't worry! I won't say anything to Amane-san! These events will remain forever sealed away inside my feeble breast!
Yuuji: Look, Sachi, can you please just calm down?
Sachi: You don't believe me? You don't believe me! It's fine, I assure you! My lips are firmly sealed! If you like, why not push me down on the spot and confirm it with a kiss!?
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Sachi: ............
Sachi: ...Uhm... Kazami-san?
Yuuji: What?
Sachi: Did I by any chance say something rather outrageous just now...? 
Yuuji: Yes, you did indeed...
Sachi: Uhm... am I perhaps going to be raped in the immediate future?
Yuuji: By whom?
Sachi: ............
Yuuji: Stop pointing at me. Look, just get lost, will you? Michiru's waiting, right?
Sachi: Ah... yes... Please excuse me...
Yuuji: ...For crying out loud...
Narration: *There's no way that was a coincidence... JB must have noticed her. What a malicious prank. The dose was way too strong for a girl with no immunity whatsoever...*
Narration: *Goddamn JB... I think I might need to give that woman a serious scolding one of these days...*
Sachi: ...Uhm... Kazami-san...?
Yuuji: What, you're still here...? You need something?
Sachi: Well... Harudera-san is only a sex-friend, yes? Amane-san is still your number one?
Yuuji: Look! I said it's a goddamn misunderstanding, all right!? Get lost already! I'll rape you!
Sachi: Ah! Uhm! You've got lipstick on your cheek! Please wipe it off before you meet Amane-san! G-Goodbye!
Yuuji: ...Unbelievable... Every last one of them...
Narration: *Even as I mutter my complaints, I wipe my cheek clean with the cuff of my work uniform.*
Narration: *JB's pricey lipstick, visibly distinct from the knock-off stuff students buy in convenience stores, is reduced to a fragrant smear on the sleeve of my pea-green shirt. It smells distinctly of a grown woman.*
Narration: *As I take a whiff, the contrastive scent of gunpowder soaked into my uniform also pricks my nose.*
Yuuji: ...Do I smell?
Narration: *Well, whatever... There's nothing I can do about it right now.*
Narration: *To be honest, coming back late to this sort of slapstick routine is kind of a bear... Especially after hours of tension and strain on the job. My feet feel oddly heavy as I walk toward the dorm.*
Narration: *Back when I was in active duty, I don't think this much would have worn me out... I guess I've probably gone a little soft since I entered this school.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *Walking past the school building, I'm just crossing over the covered pathway leading to the gym when something ahead catches my eye. There's a light on in my window.*
Narration: *"Amane...? She actually waited?"*
Narration: *There was no guarantee I'd even come back.*
Narration: *In the first place, there was absolutely nothing in it for her. Why sit around in an empty room? Does she enjoy wasting her time?*
Narration: *When people put a lot of time into something that produces no concrete benefit to them, that activity can often be classified as a "hobby." Maybe sitting around patiently is Amane's favored pastime?*
Narration: *There are a lot of bizarre hobbies out there, no doubt, and it's hardly my place to tell Amane how to spend her leisure time. Even so, I have to say she'd probably be better off finding some slightly more rewarding pursuit.*
Narration: *Of course, whether I'll ever share that opinion with her is another matter entirely.*
Narration: *The instant I open the door to my room, the smell of domestic life floods into my nose. For a moment, I hesitate in the entrance, my hand frozen on the doorknob.*
Narration: *The scent of another human being mingles with the lingering smell of some sort of cooking, forming a greasy, homely mix.*
Narration: *When I was a child... and later, when I lived with my master... this scent was ubiquitous, natural. But right now, it feels alien to me. My room seems strangely unfamiliar.*
Amane: Welcome back!
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm home...
Narration: *Slightly averting my gaze from Amane's unexpected smile, I glance at my wristwatch.*
Narration: *It's already past 10 PM. At my old school, we'd be past lights out by now.*
Yuuji: Were you waiting for me?
Amane: Mm, pretty much. I thought about just leaving a note and heading back to my room, but there was something I wanted to take care of.
Yuuji: What?
Amane: The ironing.
Narration: *I glance around the room. The clothes I left scattered on the floor earlier are gone.*
Narration: *In exchange, a cleaned, ironed, and neatly folded school uniform sits next to Amane.*
Amane: You like your ironing done with lots of starch, right?
Yuuji: Uh... yeah.
Narration: *In my line of work, any uniform you wear is expected to be stiff as a board at all times―*
Narration: *Get spotted with a wrinkle or two, and your superiors are going to give you absolute hell, as a general rule.*
Narration: *As a result, I've got an ingrained habit of spraying enough starch on my shirts that you can practically prop them up like a tent after ironing. But I'm pretty sure I've never discussed any of this with Amane before.*
Narration: *She probably just noticed my shirts are always crisp and reached that conclusion on her own. Not that this is anything out of the ordinary for her. She's got a truly impressive eye for this sort of detail.*
Amane: Oh, and there was a button coming loose on the breast, so I reattached it for you.
Narration: *She passes over the uniform with a smile. On inspection, there is indeed one button with a slightly different colored thread; it's been sewn on particularly firmly. The sight gives me a strange feeling of deja vu.*
Narration: *"What's this feeling...?"*
Narration: *Right. Back in elementary school, I'd been wearing a shirt with a loose button when someone stopped me, then proceeded to sew it back on right where I stood.*
Narration: *My one and only sister, Kazami Kazuki.*
Yuuji: ...I see...
Amane: Ahaha... truth is, I'm not the best with a needle, you know? The stitch is probably a little bit too tight, but better than having it fall off on you, right?
Yuuji: Yeah. Thanks...
Narration: *Now that I think about it... hobbies aren't the only reason people act in unprofitable ways.*
Narration: *"Family."*
Narration: *The word wells up spontaneously somewhere in the depths of my chest.*
Narration: *Working for someone else without compensation, without any expectation of gain... Simply out of affection, as if it's the most natural thing in the world.*
Narration: *That's what family is. Or so they tell me.*
Amane: Hey, what about dinner? Did you stop somewhere on the way back?
Yuuji: No... I haven't eaten anything.
Amane: Then you must be hungry. Want to get right to it?
Yuuji: ...Yeah.
Amane: Hold on a second. I'll heat it up.
Narration: *Smiling casually, Amane heads to the kitchen with light, graceful steps, then places a plate filled with sweet-and-sour pork and calamari rings in the microwave.*
Narration: *Speaking of which, why is there a microwave in my room, anyway? I don't remember it being here when I left. For that matter, there's an unfamiliar rice cooker sitting on the shelf next to it.*
Yuuji: ...What's with the microwave...?
Amane: Aah... this was actually Makina's, originally. But she almost never goes back to her room, so I decided we might as well contribute it to your kitchen.
Yuuji: That rice cooker, too...?
Amane: That's right. It's a small one that only cooks three servings at a time, but it's less of a hassle than using that mess kit of yours, right?
Narration: *I see... The scent that inspired a moment of unease when I entered the room... was probably the traces of fragrant steam produced by this small rice cooker.*
Narration: *Even as a kid, I didn't have much in the way of happy family dinners... but after my parents and sister died, I came to view meals as nothing more than regularly-scheduled "nutritional supply" periods―*
Narration: *And now, something inside me shrinks instinctively away from this sort of warm, domestic meal. There's always this nagging, almost guilty sense that "I don't belong in this picture."*
Narration: *Of course, when I was living with my master, there were a few meals like this, but...*
Narration: *That woman was fundamentally crappy in the kitchen, and rarely bothered to cook a full-fledged meal. The food she served me wasn't inedible, but it was never what you could call tasty, either...*
Narration: *JB would occasionally stop by on a whim and whip something up, and the food was definitely an improvement, but it was hard to get too emotional about it knowing I was going to be cleaning up the mess she always left in the kitchen.*
Yuuji: Hey, Amane...
Amane: Hm?
Yuuji: I think I've asked this before, but... why do you so stick to me so persistently?
Amane: And I think I've told you this before, too, but I fell in love with you at first sight. Also, this is kind of my personality. Seems like I just enjoy taking care of people.
Yuuji: Do you really expect me to be satisfied with that explanation?
Amane: Well, how else am I supposed to put it...? I mean, why exactly are you so suspicious?
Yuuji: ...Because it's way too convenient a story. Can't help feeling a little skeptical.
Narration: *A beauty with huge breasts falls in love with me at first sight, then unilaterally lavishes attention on me out of sheer affection? I'm not quite wet enough behind the ears to swallow that shoddy, manga-style setup.*
Narration: *There's something else behind this. I don't think this is me being paranoid. It seems like common sense.*
Amane: Let me ask you a question, Yuuji. How many girls have you dated so far?
Yuuji: ...I've never "dated" anyone in my life.
Amane: In that case, what do you know? Maybe girls like me aren't as unusual as you think, hmm?
Yuuji: Well... I guess...
Narration: *Can't deny that I've got gaps in my knowledge... If she declares "this is just how women are these days," I don't have enough points of reference to mount a rebuttal.*
Amane: It's easy to dismiss everything you can't get your head around as "impossible," but isn't that basically just turning a blind eye to your own ignorance?
Amane: I'm not expecting you to understand why, but at least accept the fact that there are girls like me out there, okay?
Yuuji: ...You have a point.
Narration: *As the result of ignoring a reality it didn't want to accept, this country once marched blindly into a crushing defeat, mouthing flowery rhetoric about "inevitable victory" the whole way.*
Narration: *In the same way, dismissing a perspective you can't understand as "ridiculous" is just an egotistical refusal to admit other ways of looking at the world exist.*
Narration: *At the very least, I have to acknowledge that my values aren't universal.*
Amane: Okaaay, thanks for waiting.♪ All done～
Yuuji: Tell me something, Amane.
Amane: Hm? What?
Yuuji: Do you really love me?
Amane: Didn't I just answer this question? I love you very much.
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *No hesitation whatsoever...*
Narration: *And yet, her words still ring hollow in my ears. Is the problem on my end?*
Yuuji: ...Well, fine. I guess there's at least one woman out there deranged enough to fall in love with a man like me... I'll accept that as reality.
Amane: What's that supposed to mean? So, uh, you're finally willing to take me at my word?
Yuuji: I'm not going to accuse you of lying, that's all. I still don't understand why you feel the way you do. And there's no change in the fact that I find overly convenient women vaguely nauseating.
Amane: Okay, look... I understand this is an unrequited love on my part, but I'm still gallantly approaching you. Couldn't you at least show me a little pity?
Yuuji: If I started lying to you out of compassion and dating you out of pity, would you really be happy?
Amane: Even if you started dating me out of pity, I wouldn't let it end that way.
Yuuji: ...You're one hell of a tough, proactive woman, you know that?
Amane: Fell in love all over again, eh?
Yuuji: To be honest, I'm envious.
Amane: Yes, yes, I'm sure you are. Now how about you eat your food before it gets cold again?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, sounds like a plan.
Narration: *I bring my hands together in front of the food Amane zapped with loving care (?) in the microwave, give her my thanks, and move my chopsticks toward the plate...*
Narration: *Sweet-and-sour pork and fried squid... It's one hell of a strange combination, thematically speaking, but the taste itself is impeccable as ever.*
Narration: *Her skill at cooking is superb; and in contrast to her seemingly rough, careless attitude, she's unusually attentive to small details and highly considerate of others' needs. A good woman, any way you look at her.*
Narration: *Of course, I think that's the exact reason I can't rid myself of my doubts. "Why would she fall in love with me, of all people?"*
Yuuji: ...It's delicious.
Amane: Oh yeah? That's good to hear.
Narration: *Whatever the case may be, I think Amane's smile is probably genuine. And that's why it makes me feel like there's a thorn stabbing into my chest.*
Narration: *Do I even deserve to be loved...?*
Narration: *I understand that I'm overthinking things, but I can't stop. Every time I get on this train of thought, I start wondering what I'm even living for. Whether there's any real meaning in my survival.*
Narration: *I start thinking... I must be a pretty pathetic excuse for a human being, if I can't believe in that smile.*
Narration: *...When you get down to it, my master was right. I'm still just a punk kid...*
Narration: *Just as my mouth begins to loosen into a self-deprecating smile, the sound of a cell phone's message alert resounds inside the room.*
Narration: *I instinctively reach my hand to the breast pocket of my work clothes, but the sound didn't come from my phone.*
Narration: *―Which would mean...*
Amane: Hm? Oh, an email...?
Narration: *Amane takes out the cell phone she'd left carelessly in the pocket of her jeans, opens it, and peers down at the LCD screen.*
Amane: It's from Sacchan... Let's see... Wonder what's up.
Narration: *It seems the message was sent from Komine Sachi's email address...*
Narration: *At that name, my chopsticks abruptly stop dead in mid-air.*
Narration: *For some reason... I have a bad feeling about this.*
Amane: ............
Narration: *Apparently finished with Sachi's message, Amane quietly brushes up her long hair with her free hand.*
Amane: ...Hey, Yuuji. What's this?
Narration: *Amane holds out her cell phone for my inspection.*
Narration: *Naturally, Sachi's email is displayed on the screen.*
Narration: *From: Sacchan  To: Suou Amane  Subj: I can't say a thing. Message: And I didn't see a thing.*
Narration: *The contents of the email are that single short line. The problem lies in the image attached to it.*
Narration: *It's a cameraphone snapshot taken only a little while ago. Quite a skillful piece of work, really. In front of the school gate, JB's pressing her lips to my cheek, both arms twined around me.*
Yuuji: Well, that was... uh...
Narration: *Involuntarily, I swallow the food in my mouth, along with a lump of spit. It goes down my throat like a rock.*
Narration: *Okay, Sachi... what happened to not saying anything to Amane...?*
Narration: *I mean... I guess she didn't technically put it in words, but...*
Narration: *Well, this is Sachi we're talking about... I doubt she did this for the malicious pleasure of it. The burden of keeping this secret was just too heavy for her to bear...*
Narration: *In agony with guilt over Amane's ignorance, she probably took advantage of this dubious loophole out of sheer desperation...*
Yuuji: ...It was just a stupid prank of JB's.
Amane: A prank?
Yuuji: Well... uh, let's see... It's kind of a long story, but that's pretty much just how she is...
Narration: *"Mind going into that long story of yours? What exactly were you doing with JB at the front gate?"*
Narration: *That's the logical next question for Amane to ask, but...*
Narration: *JB is a naturally wicked woman, prone to harassing me in this way at unexpected moments just so she can smirk at my agitation.*
Narration: *―Would be my explanation, I guess, but it hardly seems enough to satisfy Amane. Unfortunately, it also happens to be the truth, so there's not much I can do about it.*
Amane: Weren't you at your part-time job?
Yuuji: Yeah, I was... Uh, wait, that doesn't mean this is my job, okay? It isn't.
Amane: ...Hmmmm. Is that a fact...?
Narration: *Saying that and that alone, Amane closes the cell phone in her hand with a snap, not betraying any particular interest.*
Yuuji: I sort of expected you to ask me about the job at this point.
Amane: Okay. What sort of a job were you doing, and where?
Yuuji: I told you I work for a cleaning company, right?
Amane: Yeah.
Yuuji: Today we were cleaning a twenty story building in Tokyo, but... well, this big rat appeared when we were still getting set up, so everyone ended up chasing it around.
Yuuji: Thing was, though, the rat was unexpectedly nimble. We ended up losing sight of it entirely...
Yuuji: If we just let the thing get away, it'd eventually pop out of its hole again and cause more havoc. And our client was telling us "I can't sleep at night when that rat's on the loose" and all that...
Yuuji: So we ended up splitting up to track the thing down, but for a rat, it was pretty sly... It took a good three hours before we found it again and finally exterminated the thing.
Narration: *...I'm intentionally replacing certain nouns with metaphorical analogues, but the information I'm giving Amane is otherwise roughly accurate...*
Narration: *I really did spend hours running through the intricate web of sewers under Tokyo in hot pursuit of a "rat." Incidentally, a gas mask does absolutely nothing to improve the smell of raw sewage.*
Amane: Hmmmm. Heh, that must have been rough.
Yuuji: ...Yeah... I guess it was. But, uh... that's all you have to say?
Narration: *After promising I'd have a meal with her, I ran off to work all of a sudden... then stayed late without even giving her a call (not that I possibly could have), leaving her to wait in vain for hours―*
Narration: *And to top it off, her reward for this patience is a picture of me flirting around with my boss... but she's not planning to say a word of complaint...?*
Narration: *I mean, I'm putting up a bit of a defensive front and all, but even I recognize that she kind of got shafted on this one. If she grumbled a little bit, I was pretty much ready to give her a proper apology.*
Narration: *But this indifferent response is well outside the range of my expectations. To be honest, it's inspiring some serious unease on my part.*
Narration: *Generally, aren't women more, you know... jealous creatures?*
Narration: *I'm not exactly an expert, but I've known a few females in my time. As I understand them, women tend to be more... selfish about things like this. To the point of irrationality, even...*
Yuuji: ...You don't have any questions about any of that?
Amane: Hm? I mean, you don't want me jumping in and prying about your job, do you? What, were you hoping I'd get suspicious about something?
Yuuji: That's not it, but...
Amane: ...Well, I'll admit it's not much fun that you prioritized work over me. But you only did that because you had to, right?
Yuuji: Yes.
Amane: Then there's no reason for me to demand an explanation, is there? You didn't do anything wrong.
Yuuji: Yeah... well... I guess not, but...
Narration: *Amane's weirdly understanding about this... She's being so reasonable that it's somehow making me feel increasingly guilty about the whole thing... It's kind of a complicated feeling...*
Amane: ...Ah...
Narration: *All of a sudden, some kind of switch seems to have been flipped inside Amane. Her eyes narrow to slits and her lips jerk up in the very picture of a smirk.*
Amane: Nowwww I get it. Yuuji, maybe you want me to get jealous? Is that what this is all about? Hmmm?
Yuuji: No, that's really not...
Amane: Ghehehe... now it all makes sense. You are a tsundere, after all. Okay, shall I get a little jealous～?
Yuuji: Spare me...
Amane: Well, if you give me a nice long kiss, maybe I'll forgive you.
Narration: *...This woman... Exactly how serious is she about this?*
Narration: *No, I think the real question is... how badly is she underestimating men?*
Yuuji: All right, Amane. Close your eyes.
Amane: Oh noo!♪ You're so pushy! But that's what I luuurve about you～
Narration: *Clearly confident this is nothing more than a bluff, Amane closes her eyes, jerks her chin up, and fearlessly sticks out her lips.*
Narration: *"This girl's looking down on me... Maybe I should teach her a lesson...?"*

Narration: *That's right... Unless someone scares her straight, this girl's attitude toward men is going to come back to bite her badly one of these days.*
Narration: *I have a responsibility to educate Amane in the dangers of messing with men. I'll harden my heart and teach her a lesson she won't soon forget!*
Narration: *I seize the cocky girl's chin, firmly jerk it upward, and plunge my mouth against her glossy lips with all the sudden violence of a dive bomber assault.*
Amane: ...Mmf!
Narration: *Evidently surprised by my sudden attack, Amane's shoulders twitch as I draw her close.*
Narration: *...Heh... The fool probably didn't think I had it in me. That's what you get for underestimating the male gender...*
Narration: *I temporarily release her lips, drawing back just far enough to speak a few words.*
Yuuji: ...Open your mouth, Amane.
Amane: ...Huh?
Narration: *Utterly bewildered, Amane's mouth opens slightly to voice her confusion. I instantly push my lips back against hers.*
Amane: Mmmf! Nmm! Mm... mmm...
Narration: *As I shove my tongue into her mouth, pushing her lips further apart by force, Amane grabs the shoulders of my work uniform and tries to pull me off. With no success, of course.*
Narration: *Much the opposite. I lean into Amane from above, pushing my body weight down on her to contain her resistance, and invade the interior of her mouth with my tongue.*
Amane: ...Mm... fuu...
Narration: *Her will to resist apparently broken by the force of my violent raid, Amane's grip on my clothes grows gradually weaker, finally slipping off powerlessly―*
Narration: *And as if to signal her unconditional surrender, a weak, high-pitched pant leaks out of the corner of her mouth.*
Narration: *"...Heh... Guess I'll let her off the hook..."*
Narration: *I let the arm I wrapped around Amane's waist to prevent her retreat go slack, then give her two light thumps on the back to communicate that I'm letting her go.*
Narration: *Amane's upper body had been forcibly bent backward by my weight. It takes a moment for her to regain her balance and pull herself straight.*
Amane: ...Au...
Narration: *Finally released from my arms, Amane staggers back half a step, blinking her eyes in astonishment.*
Amane: ...Whoa... it was surprising enough that you actually gave me a kiss, but... I really, really wasn't expecting you to go for the lips...
Yuuji: Hmph... didn't think I had it in me, did you? Shouldn't have let down your guard. Unfortunately for you, I'm prone to taking jokes seriously.
Amane: ...That was... my first kiss, you know?
Yuuji: Hoh, what a coincidence. Mine too.
Amane: ...You are so full of it...
Yuuji: Hm? Damn. What gave me away?
Amane: ...Yuuji, you kiss like someone who knows what he's doing...
Yuuji: I see. I'll have to take it a little easier next time.
Amane: ...Does that mean there's going to be a next time...?
Yuuji: Just said that for the hell of it.
Amane: Ah, geez... You were just playing with me...
Yuuji: I'm extremely surprised to hear you frame the matter in such a negative way. I bestowed you with a valuable lesson in the danger of teasing men. My motives were unimpeachable...
Amane: ...You kissed me, even though you won't be my boyfriend... That seems pretty impeachable to me.
Yuuji: Well, let's not rush into any parliamentary procedures here. I wouldn't have pulled a stunt like that unless I was prepared to accept something in the way of consequences.
Amane: ...What sort of consequences?
Yuuji: Listen carefully, Amane. I can't be your boyfriend, but I'm willing to accept you as my girlfriend.
Amane: Hmmm? What's that supposed to mean?
Yuuji: You fell in love with me on your own initiative, and I'll accept that. But I'm not capable of making a commitment to you. I can't promise I'll be able to take care of you for the rest of your life.
Amane: ...Sorry, I'm an idiot, so I don't really follow... Basically, uh, you'll let me be your girlfriend, but you can't be my boyfriend?
Yuuji: That's right.
Amane: ...Uhm... so, when you get down to it, you're saying you're okay with me as a girlfriend?
Yuuji: Yeah, under certain conditions.
Amane: ...Specifically?
Yuuji: Even if I disappear suddenly, or drop dead out of nowhere, I don't want you to cry over me. Ever. That's the main thing.
Amane: ...That's it...?
Yuuji: Also... let's see... If I do disappear, I want you to do your absolute best to forget about me within a year or so.
Amane: ............
Yuuji: I know they're pretty selfish requests, but... if you can't accept those conditions, I can't do anything for you. We can pretend this never happened and stay as classmates...
Amane: If I accept those conditions, I'm your girlfriend?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right.
Amane: Then I accept them.
Yuuji: ...Did you think this over? There's no reason you have to answer right away.
Amane: It's fine. Going with my gut felt like the easier way to do it. I don't like torturing myself over decisions like this...
Yuuji: I see...
Amane: But first, mind if I request a condition of my own?
Yuuji: Like what?
Amane: Yuuji, do you... love me? That's all I want to know. Can you give me an answer here and now?
Yuuji: ............
Amane: It's okay... You can give it to me straight.
Yuuji: ...Let's see... To be honest, I think I've liked you for quite a while now... but I'm not exactly experienced with this sort of emotion...
Yuuji: I don't understand how exactly to describe my feelings for you, but...
Narration: *"But, yeah... I think she deserves a clear answer here..."*
Yuuji: I do love you, Amane.
Amane: ...Hm... that a fact...? That's a relief... I'm happy to hear you say that.
Yuuji: Well, I think pretty much anyone is going to love having a convenient, devoted woman dropped in their lap.
Amane: ...Heheh... So my sheer persistence won you over in the end, huh? Incidentally... how much do you love me?
Yuuji: ...What? How am I supposed to measure that...?
Amane: A rough estimate's good enough. For example, "I love you more than anyone else in the universe"... or something?
Yuuji: Can't say. Haven't had the chance to explore the universe yet.
Amane: Look, you don't have to take it so literally... It's kind of hypothetical, okay?
Yuuji: All right then... Hypothetically, if your life or property came in danger, I'd protect you even if it meant throwing everything else away. To tell the truth, that's probably just about the only thing I can do for you...
Narration: *"The responsibility to protect."*
Narration: *That, at least, is a concept I'm familiar with. It's a bit of a catchphrase in my line of work...*
Amane: So... So, then... I'm your girlfriend now?
Yuuji: Yes. You are.
Amane: I see...
Narration: *I gave her a firm, decisive answer, but Amane's reaction seems fairly subdued. No spontaneous outbursts of joy, at least.*
Narration: *Well... I guess a romantic relationship with this many strings attached is pretty unusual... Not really surprising that she might have mixed feelings about it.*
Amane: ...Uhm... sorry... Uh, can I sit down for a minute?
Yuuji: Hm? Why?
Narration: *Before she can answer my question, Amane sinks unsteadily to the floor, landing in a sitting position with a light thump.*
Amane: ...Haa...
Yuuji: What's wrong, Amane?
Amane: ...Sorry. I kind of went weak in the knees all of a sudden... My legs are trembling...
Yuuji: You feeling all right...?
Amane: I don't know... It was such a shock when you kissed me out of nowhere... and I'm really happy that I became your girlfriend... but it's all so sudden. None of this really feels real to me...
Amane: I've been feeling a little numb for a while now, but... this is bad. I don't think I can stand up... My legs have turned to jelly...
Yuuji: You're hopeless...
Narration: *She puts up a consistently strong front, but when push comes to shove it seems Amane's a pretty timid woman.*
Narration: *Already thrown off balance by her first kiss, the impact of becoming my girlfriend seems to have been sufficient to rob her of motor control.*
Yuuji: If you can't stand on your own, I'll give you a hand.
Amane: ...Tehe... Tehehehehe...
Yuuji: ...What's that bizarre sound you're emitting? Are you laughing?
Amane: Yep, that I am. I see... I'm your girlfriend now... Ahaha...
Yuuji: What, now the idea scares you? A little late for that.
Amane: That's not it, but... it kind of feels like I won the lottery? I can't really believe it yet... You're really, truly okay with me being your girlfriend?
Yuuji: Yeah, I meant what I said.
Amane: ...Tehe... Tehehehehe...
Yuuji: Nauseating...
Amane: Okay, look... you do NOT tell your girlfriend she's nauseating!
Yuuji: Just stand up already, will you? Here, give me your hand.
Amane: ...Heh.♪ And just what are you planning to do with me after you pull me to my feet? My body's still all numb, so... I'm completely defenseless right now, you know?
Yuuji: What's your point?
Amane: Just letting you know, if you're going to attack me, this would be the time to do it. In other words, I'm sending you a highly subtle signal that you can throw me in bed right now if you want to.
Yuuji: ...The hell?
Narration: *Amane's trying to put up a strong front with the usual slut act, but it's decidedly unconvincing when her hand's trembling in mine like a chihuahua with anxiety issues.*
Yuuji: What's with the immediate leap into the deep end? Please don't tell me "I'll just let him pound away at my pussy until he's addicted to me" was the only thing you could come up with for the next step?
Amane: I bet it's gonna feel craaaazy good, you know? Whaddaya think? Shall we do it?
Yuuji: Says the girl who's shaking like a leaf in the breeze? Don't get carried away, idiot.
Narration: *With my free hand, I deliver a sharp karate chop to the top of Amane's head.*
Amane: Owwwie! Heeey...
Yuuji: Look, I'm not going to vanish like smoke tomorrow. Probably not the day after that, either. Don't rush things.
Amane: But I'm kind of... anxious, you know...? In your case, it really does feel like you might vanish into thin air all of a sudden...
Yuuji: You're worrying too much. Just get some sleep for the moment, all right? I'll take you to your room.
Amane: ...Will you carry me?
Yuuji: Yeah, I think I can handle that.
Narration: *I lift Amane's completely limp body onto my back, carry her up the stairs, and escort her back to her room.*
Narration: *This would be the second time I've toted Amane around like this, but her body feels lighter than before.*
Narration: *Probably because I'm more ready to carry her, and she's more comfortable with being carried by me... because the distance we kept between us has shrunk.*
Narration: *She's got a big body, but she's definitely a burden I can bear.*
Narration: *And so, as of today, Amane became my girlfriend―*

Narration: *This is completely idiotic. If I get caught up in Amane's nonsense and let her coax me into kissing her, it's all too obvious that the reparations she'll exact in the aftermath will leave me in staggering debt.*
Narration: *As Amane waits patiently, her eyes closed and lips puckered like an actress in a lipstick commercial, I reach out and give her a full-force flick to the forehead.*
Amane: Owwwee!!
Yuuji: Moron! Did you really think I, of all people, would fall for such a blatant trap!?
Amane: D-Don't give me that! You totally hesitated there for a second! Okay, so "You kidding? Is this girl for real?" was part of it, but "Hmm, could it really hurt? Maybe I'll just kiss her" was totally running through your head too!
Yuuji: ...You're the one who said you'd be satisfied playing my "big sister," you know? Sisters don't pester their little brothers for a kiss on the mouth!
Amane: What, are you saying no big sister in the world has ever done the same? You sure about that?
Yuuji: ...Uh, well... yeah... I guess there's probably a few out there... But that's a seriously rare case!
Amane: Hey, Yuuji, want to kiss your sis? Of course you do, right? Hurry up and do it, already.
Yuuji: Don't start playing some incoherent character from an incest-themed porno! You're just trying to push this through by force!
Amane: ...Tch... Talk about lame. Yuuji, you're such a cowarrrrd...
Yuuji: Ugh...
Narration: *In my line of work, "What, you scared?" is a phrase you don't want to hear under any circumstances.*
Narration: *No matter what unreasonable, reckless action you're being encouraged to take, the instant that question gets voiced you have to spit out "Hell no!" and instantly leap into action―*
Narration: *If you back down in the face of a taunt like that, your reputation among the group will plummet irretrievably.*
Narration: *But we can't forget about the wonderful concept of "tactical withdrawal!" A dignified retreat when the situation calls for it is no act of cowardice. This is just such a case.*
Yuuji: Anyway, it's late. Head back to your own room already.
Amane: Huhhh? What the heck!? Kicking me out as soon as things get a little troublesome for you? I swear, men are so...
Yuuji: I'm grateful to you. For the meal and sewing, and... everything else. To the extent that I can't really express it in words.
Yuuji: But this isn't the same as a romantic relationship. You're an adult woman. I think you can grasp the distinction yourself, right?
Amane: ...Tch... Rushed things a little bit, huh? I got a little careless... Should have filled in the moat a little more firmly before I rushed the castle...
Yuuji: ...What?
Amane: Hmmm... Well, okay, guess I'll call it a night. Put the plates in the sink when you're done, okay? I'll wash them with the others tomorrow.
Yuuji: I can take care of my own dishes.
Amane: Whaaat, are you trying to steal my job now? I didn't stick my nose into your work, so you don't get to stick your nose into mine! Got it?
Yuuji: What a tyrant...
Amane: Geez... Women as convenient as me don't grow on trees, you know? I won't tell you to be grateful, but try not to treat me too rough, okay?
Yuuji: Yeah... got it...
Amane: Very well! An acceptable response! See you later, Yuuji. Goodnight.
Yuuji: Yeah, night...
Narration: *...The girl seems to feel some pathological need to force her way into my life...*
Narration: *But the way Amane suddenly shows up and starts doing the housework without being asked... only to get hopping mad over something, preach at me for a while, and then vanish as quickly as she came...*
Narration: *It inspires a definite sense of deja vu. Specifically, her fierce pushiness and burning desire to take care of others reminds me strongly of JB.*
Narration: *If I'm comparing her to JB, who's been something like family since I was a kid, I clearly don't dislike Amane. Honestly, I enjoy her company. But it's also undeniable that I have a hard time seeing her as a love interest.*
Narration: *How can I put this...? Well... like I said, she feels more like "family"... *
Narration: *Something like my older sister was to me, when she was still alive.*
Narration: *Something like my master.*
Narration: *Something like JB.*
Narration: *Amane's become someone I care about in that way.*
Narration: *And that's exactly why I can't thoughtlessly take advantage of her. I don't want to end up making her cry.*
Narration: *Those are my honest feelings right now.*

Date: *July 15, 2011, 19:12 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *As I return to the first floor after my bath, I spot Sachi walking toward the front door.*
Narration: *She's in full maid uniform, but her hands are empty. Somehow, this feels vaguely unsatisfactory. Probably proof that I've gotten accustomed to the way things work around here.*
Yuuji: Yo, Sachi.
Sachi: Ah, kood evenink, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: ...Sorry. My bad.
Sachi: Is somethink wronk?
Narration: *...Well, this is one thing I'm not sure I'll ever get used to.*
Narration: *Sachi's ability to do absolutely bizarre things while keeping that "This is perfectly normal. Why do you ask?" expression on her face is really something else.*
Yuuji: So, uh, just curious, but... is talking like a dyslexic with a Russian accent some sort of fad these days? Or maybe this is some sort of code?
Sachi: Uhm... neither, I bepieve.
Narration: *Which would leave―*
Makina: Allow me ta explain!
Narration: *Just as a new theory begins to take shape in my mind, Makina pops out from between Sachi's legs.*
Yuuji: Okay, where did you come from...?
Makina: Uweheheh... This punk's groin was just too defenseless... I dived in fer the kill on pure instinct, ya know...?
Narration: *"Since when were you a bloodthirsty boxer...?"*
Narration: *As I look on in silent bemusement, Makina pulls Sachi's skirt back and forth, noisily rustling the fabric.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Sachi's calm toleration of this action reflects her trust in Makina. Or at least... I really want to believe it does.*
Yuuji: All right, so why is Sachi talking in that bizarre way?
Makina: Uu... welp, to make a long story short, it's because I asked her to play this "Xtreme Typo" game I thought up.
Yuuji: Xtreme Typo?
Makina: Yep! Ya change a buncha letters to diff'rent ones nearby on th' keyboard, an' talk like a sausage-fingered grandma types. L goes to P an' F becomes D! It's a popular adult pastime these days, ya know? Foo-ahh.
Narration: *Makina mimes pulling a cigarette from her lips and loudly blows out the imaginary fumes. Apparently she equates "adult" with "smoking."*
Narration: *I manage to resist commenting on the matter, allowing Makina's deranged explanation to roll merrily onward.*
Makina: What's more, at th' moment there's a special super-typo rule in effect, for mature audiences only! G becomes K, an' C becomes T! How's about joinin' in for a nice three-way, Onii-chan?
Yuuji: At least say "three player match" or something...
Makina: ...Uu?
Narration: *Well, knowing this girl, the innuendo was probably more reflexive than anything else...*
Yuuji: Also, if you're looking to recruit another player, why didn't you just invite Amane?
Makina: Ama-nee's occupied with a very important mission right now. Namely, rustlin' up the grub.
Narration: *Come to think of it, I guess it is about that time of day.*
Yuuji: And that's why you dragged Sachi into this instead?
Makina: Yeah. Sacchin's got a heart as sparklin' clean as freshly laundered money, so she cheerfully agreed ta my request. As always.
Yuuji: ...Tell me, Sachi, what do you think of the games Makina comes up with?
Sachi: Uhm... Maki-than's kames tan be destribed nekativepy as "stranke," or positivepy as "very orikinap"... I bepieve I pearn a pot by partitipatink in them.
Makina: N-Not exa'ctly the ringin' endorsement I was hopin' for, but... are ya willin' to play with us, Onii-chan?
Yuuji: Much to my regret, I'm unable to play "Xtreme Typos" for religious reasons.
Makina: Y-You're lyin'!
Yuuji: Why do you say that?
Makina: Uuu... w-well, Sacchin's gonna explain that right now!
Narration: *Makina gives Sachi's back a vigorous thump, prompting her to take a step forward.*
Sachi: Kazami-san, as you were speakink those words you broke eye tontatt. A prototypitap mannerism of a person teppink a pie.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *It seems this combination is more dangerous than one might expect...*
Yuuji: Okay then, give me a demonstration first.
Makina: Aye aye, sir!
Narration: *As soon as those energetic words leave Makina's mouth, the two of them turn to face each other, assuming a conversational posture.*
Makina: Yo, Satthin! Sup!
Sachi: Yo.
Makina: By th' way, Satthin, what'd ya have dor dinner past nikht?
Sachi: Uhm... seadood pasta and a taesar sapad, id I remember torrettly.
Makina: Say whaaat!? Who th' hepp do ya think you are!? A trendy oddice pady workin' in Tokyo's di-nanci-ap distritt!? Ya diskust me!!
Sachi: Wepp then, what did you do past nikht, Maki-than?
Makina: I spent my nikht watthin' a spetial on the Nationap Keokraphip Thannep about th' Kapapakos Islands!
Sachi: Maki-than, you do tertainpy do pove your tepevision.
Makina: Okay, ya got th' general idea?
Yuuji: I see. Keeping track of all those rules seems like it would be surprisingly difficult.
Makina: Well, when ya play for keeps, ya wanna push th' conversation around. Make your opponent say real tricky words 'til they bite their tongue.
Yuuji: And depending on how skillful you are at rephrasing things, you might be able to come up with sentences that don't use many of the letters at all...
Sachi: Yes... the strateky invopved is surprisingpy prodound.
Narration: *...And there's also some sentences, like that one, where nearly every word has to be altered.*
Makina: Uuu... But man, "Pakos" sure sound like "Tacos," don't ya think...?
Yuuji: Where's this coming from all of a sudden?
Makina: I was thinkin' the same thing yesterday when I was watchin' that show about the Islands, but just rememberin' it is gettin' me jonesin' for some Mexican...
Yuuji: In that case, why don't you go ask Amane if she can add tacos to tonight's menu?
Makina: Good thinkin' as usual, Onii-chan! There's no time ta waste!
Narration: *Within seconds, Makina's slippers are squeaking furiously up the stairs to the second floor, all else forgotten in pursuit of her prize.*
Narration: *Little puddles of drool mark the path she followed.*
Narration: *What can I say...? The girl really does resemble a hyperactive ten-year-old at times...*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *When I turn back, Sachi hasn't budged an inch. In fact, she's staring at me intently.*
Yuuji: Sachi, don't you need to start dinner yourself?
Sachi: There's no rush... my prepiminary preparations are tomp-pete, and I ate a pate punth this adternoon.
Narration: *What's more, she's still observing the rules of the game...*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *And now that I look closely, I kind of get the feeling there's something like expectation burning in her eyes...*
Yuuji: All right then. Want to try this "Xtreme Typos" with me?
Sachi: I knew you'd kive it a ko, Kazami-san!
Narration: *Seems my gut feeling was correct on this one. Sachi responds eagerly.*
Narration: *Since I'm a student now, wasting a little time on this sort of pointless nonsense seems vaguely appropriate, but... I don't want a reputation as the sort of goofy twit who enjoys this sort of game for its own sake.  *
Yuuji: All right, let's talk details first. Bring it back to normal for now.
Sachi: ...Very well.
Narration: *Her tone betraying a hint of regret, Sachi closes her eyes for a moment.*
Narration: *Probably consciously deactivating her Xtreme Typo mode.*
Yuuji: The thing is, this game doesn't really seem to have a set ending. Let's make it into a match. First person to slip up loses.
Sachi: ...Are there any additional rules?
Yuuji: Let's see... No clamming up entirely or ignoring your opponent's requests. That should be enough.
Sachi: And since it's a match, I assume there will be a penalty game for the loser, yes? Just what I wanted to hear.
Yuuji: Hadn't thought about that part, but... well, I guess that'll encourage us to take the match a little more seriously.
Sachi: Indeed. I estimate a 120% increase in fun levels!
Narration: *...She's seriously fired up about this.*
Yuuji: Well... if I win, I guess I'll ask you to take care of my laundry or something.
Sachi: If you are victorious, please refer to me as "laundry lackey" for the rest of my days.
Yuuji: That's not really what I said... Anyway, what do you want me to do if you win, Sachi?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Uhm... would you mind if I kept that to myself until the hypothetical moment of victory?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *If Amane or Michiru asked me for this kind of a blank check, going along with it would be far too risky... but I'm pretty confident Sachi's not going to demand anything too outrageous.*
Yuuji: Yeah, that's all right by me.
Sachi: Thank you very much. In that case, let's begin the match.
Narration: *And so, I begin my bizarre verbal duel with Sachi...*
Yuuji: Aah, kood evenink.
Sachi: Kood evenink.
Yuuji: So, how're thinks koink with you patepy?
Sachi: Exteptionappy nitepy.
Yuuji: Kood to hear...
Narration: *Considering the way Sachi kept up this game perfectly right until the moment I asked her to stop, winning this match probably won't be easy...*
Yuuji: By the way, tan you name that damous sithuan steamed pouptry dish with the sesame saute?
Sachi: Bank bank thitken.
Yuuji: Okay then, how about the parke-size anthropoid desiknated as a dankerous animap under Japanese paw?
Sachi: That woupd be a thimpanzee.
Yuuji: ...Name an untonventionap thripp ride that uses the epastit dorte od rubber to paunth a passenker upward.
Sachi: A tatapupt bunkee, perhaps?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I thought "tatapupt" would be pretty tricky to pronounce, maybe leading to a stumble on the easier second word... but she brushes off this combo attack as easily as the rest.*
Sachi: ...On a didderent note, isn't it a bit nippy today?
Yuuji: Yeah, there's a thipp in the air.
Sachi: By the way, Kazami-san, tan you name the popupar British deep-dried seadood and potato tombination?
Yuuji: Dish and thips?
Sachi: Somehow, it no ponker sounds quite as appetizink...
Yuuji: ...Tan't arkue with you on that one.
Sachi: Wepp then, kindpy name the variety od darmink supposedpy expeditink the kreenhouse eddett via repease of darbon dioxide in pand-tpearink dires.
Yuuji: ...Spash-and-burn akritupture.
Sachi: Impressive as usuap, Kazami-san... You didn't dapp dor my trap... 
Yuuji: That was a trap...? The question sounded ten times more didditupt to say than the answer...
Narration: *Next, Sachi draws near and holds out a small slip of paper toward me.*
Sachi: You are a worthy doe, Kazami-san. I must utipize my trump tard.
Yuuji: Hoh...
Narration: *I accept the scrap of paper, then unfold it to find a few lines of neat text scribbled across the interior.*
Narration: *"Taguchi-chan, who utilizes slash-and-burn agriculture, stuffs her cheeks with bang bang chicken and fish and chips while riding the catapult bungee."*
Yuuji: The hepp is this...?
Sachi: Woupd you be so kind as to read this sentente out poud?
Narration: *...So that's your game, is it?*
Narration: *In this match, there's no set rule limiting the means by which you can influence your opponent's response.*
Narration: *Sachi cannily spotted this loophole and identified it as the surest path to victory.*
Yuuji: ...Very wepp.
Narration: *I gently shut my eyes and draw the muscles around my solar plexus taut.*
Narration: *Carefully perceiving the flow of energy now surging through my body, I direct the current of force into a swirling whirpool, terminating in a single point at the core of my body.*
Narration: *Once... twice... three times...*
Yuuji: !!
Narration: *And in the next instant, I unleash that power like a coiled spring―*
Yuuji: "Takuthi-than, who utipises spash-and-burn akritupture, studds her theeks with bank bank thitken and dish and thips whipe ridink the tatapupt bungee!!!"
Sachi: Ah...
Sachi: Just now, I don't bepieve you said "tatapupt bunkee," did you?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *And so, the match ended all too quickly in my ignominious defeat.*
Yuuji: I know it's just a game, but losing to you is honestly pretty frustrating...
Narration: *...Well, it'd just be lame to take a "match" like this seriously. Especially since I was playing against a younger female classmate. Maybe I let her win?*
Narration: *Or so I attempt to console myself, without much success.*
Sachi: My trump tard didn't work on Maki-than, but it seems it was eddettive akainst Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Okay... first of all, can you go back to normal now?
Sachi: Wah... I forgot entirely...
Yuuji: Must say, though... I wasn't expecting you to be that good, class rep.
Sachi: J-Just gave 110%... It was a team effort...
Yuuji: ...No it wasn't. Why are you spouting sports cliches all of a sudden?
Narration: *And for some reason, she's acting shy about it...*
Sachi: Uhm... isn't this the standard way to receive compliments after a victorious match?
Yuuji: ...Only if you're a professional athlete with muscles where your brain should be.
Sachi: Wah... Is that so? I've gained yet another valuable piece of knowledge thanks to you, Kazami-san.
Narration: *Not that I hadn't noticed before, but Sachi's knowledge of the world is decidedly warped in many areas.*
Yuuji: So, what's my punishment for losing?
Sachi: Uhm... in regards to that...
Narration: *Sachi's words trail off hesitantly halfway through the sentence.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Haven't you made up your mind yet?
Sachi: Well, I have, but...
Yuuji: Then spit it out already.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Then, uhm... could you... praise me for defeating you?
Yuuji: ...Hah?
Narration: *Unable to comprehend Sachi's bizarrely simplistic request, I answer with an incredulous grunt.*
Sachi: Is it... too much to ask?
Yuuji: Before I decide, I'd really like to hear why you chose that, of all things.
Sachi: ...Well, because I want to be praised by you, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Yeah, and I'm asking why.
Sachi: That's... unclear to me as well, to be perfectly honest...
Sachi: When you praise me, Kazami-san, the pit of my stomach gets nice and warm...
Narration: *Sachi's tentative, questioning tone suggests her own understanding of the matter is still incomplete.*
Narration: *But from our interactions to date, I'm well aware that this girl never tells a lie.*
Narration: *Which would mean these are unquestionably her true feelings.*
Yuuji: Do you feel the same way when someone else compliments you?
Sachi: I'm afraid... I don't know the answer to that question either.
Sachi: When I first transferred into this school, Amane-san and Michiru-sama did compliment me... but lately, such events have grown increasingly rare, so I lack a standard for comparison.
Yuuji: Well, I guess I can understand that... After a while, your actions do tend to inspire "concern" more than "gratitude."
Sachi: Is that truly the case...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Sachi: The distinction between the two is quite difficult...
Narration: *With those words, Sachi closes her eyes and sinks into thought.*
Narration: *Well, the request itself isn't unreasonable, and it wouldn't be particularly unpleasant for me, but...*

Yuuji: All right, fine. I don't have any problem with praising you, if that's what you want.
Sachi: You really mean it?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Yuuji: Defeating me in a match is worthy of recognition, and it's only natural to praise someone when they deserve it.
Narration: *...I think someone might have told me the exact same thing, a long time ago.*
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: What's wrong? Did I say something strange?
Sachi: No, it's nothing. Thank you very much.
Narration: *Sachi responds to my question with unusual haste, then bows deeply for a moment as if to collect herself.*
Yuuji: So, as for the details... what kind of "praising" are you looking for, specifically?
Sachi: I'll leave that entirely to you, Kazami-san. 100% Kazami-style will suit me just fine.
Yuuji: That's quite the vague request...
Narration: *That said, it wouldn't be fair to break my promise after the fact, even in something as inconsequential as this.*
Narration: *I draw close to Sachi and reach out my hand toward her head.*
Sachi: ...Uhm, would it be all right if we dimmed the lights first?
Yuuji: ...What?
Sachi: Well... this slow build-up to the main event has left me somewhat tense. If possible, I'd like to have the room dark...
Narration: *Normally, Sachi can strip off her clothes in public without a hint of embarrassment, but at the moment a rare pink blush has spread across her face.*
Yuuji: Just for future reference, that sort of line should only be used when you're getting in bed with someone.
Narration: *I gently shoot down Sachi's feeble entreaty and place my hand on top of her head.*
Yuuji: ...You beat me fair and square. Pretty amazing work, Sachi.
Sachi: ......!
Narration: *This has to be the first time I've touched Sachi's head...*
Narration: *And yet, the feeling of her hair under my hand is oddly pleasant; there's even something vaguely nostalgic about the sensation.*
Yuuji: Very nicely done.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Sachi went stiff as a board at first, but soon closes her eyes in apparent pleasure.*
Narration: *As her body relaxes underneath my hand, I begin to slowly pet her head.*
Sachi: Nnhu...
Sachi: Uu...
Narration: *...Right, left, right.*
Narration: *Every time my hand moves, little bits of gibberish dribble from Sachi's mouth. It's kind of amusing to watch.*
Sachi: Uah... mm, my brain is being shaken to goo...
Yuuji: I'm really not doing it that forcefully.
Narration: *Sachi sways back and forth helplessly in time with the gentle movements of my hand.*
Narration: *This is another first for us, but for some reason the motion comes naturally to me.*
Sachi: ...Thank you very much. I'm fully satisfied.
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *Snapping out of it at the sound of Sachi's voice, I quickly draw back my hand.*
Narration: *I think I ended up going at her head for a relatively long period of time without even realizing it.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *...And for some reason, she's currently staring intensely at my hand.*
Yuuji: So, how was it? Did the pit of your stomach get warm again?
Sachi: It did indeed. Kazami-san, does your hand emit some sort of negative ions, perhaps? It's quite mysterious...
Narration: *In typical Sachi style, the girl asks this question with a perfectly straight face.*
Yuuji: If so, I'd have to see about selling off the technology to some manufacturer of home appliances. Sounds like exactly the sort of feature the gullible housewives of the world would love to have in their toasters.
Sachi: In that case, I'll be forced to purchase the manufacturer that obtains the rights.
Yuuji: You have that kind of scratch lying around?
Sachi: No, I can't say that I do.
Narration: *...Not surprising.*
Yuuji: Well, anyway, I guess this should do it for my penalty?
Sachi: Yes. Good job, Kazami-san.
Narration: *Sachi offers me an enthusiastic thumbs up.*
Sachi: And also... well, if it's all right with you, of course...
Sachi: If you could continue to praise me from time to time... I would be very happy.
Yuuji: Hmm, I suppose...
Yuuji: I wasn't really planning to cut off your compliments in the first place. If you act in a way worthy of recognition again, I guess I'll probably praise you again.
Sachi: ...Thank you very much.
Narration: *I thought my response kind of brusque, if anything. But Sachi blushes the same shade of pink as before and offers me a bow of thanks.*
Yuuji: ...That said, if we happen to duel again, I fully intend to win.
Sachi: In that case, I will immediately head to the mountains alone and devote myself to an ascetic training regimen.
Yuuji: ...That's your prerogative, but don't forget to attend class, all right?
Sachi: Wah... come to think of it, you're right. My responsibilities as a student had completely slipped my mind...
Narration: *...The thing about Sachi is... you know this isn't a joke. She genuinely did forget...*
Narration: *―In any case, I've learned something from the time I spent with this honest girl today.*
Narration: *The act of praising someone, the sensation of petting their head...*
Narration: *I've been making a habit of rustling Makina's hair around lately, but somehow this felt different.*
Narration: *Exactly what that feeling was remains unclear to me, but...*
Narration: *Whatever it was... for some reason, I enjoyed it.*
Yuuji: ...I guess Makina's games aren't all bad.
Narration: *Somehow, those had become my honest thoughts on the matter.*

Yuuji: Personally, I'd prefer a different penalty, if that's all right with you.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Sachi: In that case, I'd like to request a rematch with you, Kazami-san.
Narration: *...An interesting choice.*
Yuuji: Can't say I was expecting a second round, but...
Yuuji: If you're that caught up on the game, Sachi, I don't mind giving you another match when we have the time.
Sachi: Excellent. In that case, I will leave my schedule as open as possible from tomorrow on.
Yuuji: ...You're seriously fired up.
Sachi: I'm not currently being fired in any direction.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Fundamentally, Sachi seems the same airheaded girl as always, but...*
Narration: *Judging from this highly out-of-character assertiveness, she must have gotten quite fond of Makina's strange game.*
Amane: Are you sure the two of them will still be there...?
Makina: Non non. But if they ain't, we can jus' give the signal to begin th' raid of their rooms!
Amane: What signal? To who...?
Amane: Oh... there you guys are.
Narration: *Makina returns from the second floor only a few minutes after she left, this time with Amane in tow.*
Yuuji: What's this...? Makina, please tell me you're not thinking of adding Amane into the game for a four-way battle royale.
Sachi: An excellent suggestion.
Amane: Ahh... that's some sparkle in your eyes. Sorry to disappoint you, Sacchan, but I'm here on a different errand.
Yuuji: An errand?
Amane: That's right. I'm here to invite you and Sacchan to eat dinner at the Suou household tonight.
Yuuji: Not that you inviting us to eat is particularly rare, but... what's with the formal invitation? Some special occasion?
Amane: Put your hand on your heart and look deep inside yourself. I think you'll find an answer waiting for you.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Just as instructed, I put my hand on my chest and search for the answer in my heart.*
Yuuji: ...Does "lub-dub, lub-dub" have anything to do with it? Because that's all I'm getting.
Amane: Haa... What a truly cliched line...
Yuuji: Kindly stop heaving sighs in my direction. As I've told you before, I'm a surprisingly naive soul. Please spell out the situation for me.
Amane: C'mon... you're the one who gave Makina the suggestion, aren't you?
Yuuji: Ah, so we're talking about the tacos here.
Amane: Thanks to you, I had to make another dish... which isn't really a problem in itself, but...
Amane: If I only make one serving, it'd be a total waste of the ingredients... so I thought I'd make a whole bunch and get everyone to help us eat it.
Yuuji: ...Now I see.
Narration: *It's an idea very typical of our frugal-minded Amane.*
Amane: So... you'd better take responsibility, okay, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Do me a favor and don't say stuff like that with a blush on your face... It's seriously bad for the heart.
Amane: Geez, you're no fun...
Yuuji: Also, I've already finished with the prep for my own meal, so...
Sachi: I've also completed my initial preparations...
Amane: Okay, so bring that stuff with you. I'll whip up something tasty out of it all.
Yuuji: Guh...
Narration: *Impressive resilience. But I suppose that's only to be expected of a veteran resident of this school.*
Amane: Harharhar... Gals from Kyoto got more guts than ya might think, ehhh?
Yuuji: Tell me something. In Kyoto, do all the girls cackle like murde―
Amane: So, that's that. The two of you are coming. No further debate will be tolerated.
Narration: *Amane closes the matter with a wink that reads "I'm a harmless little girl." It's distinctly unconvincing; also, nauseating.*
Amane: Yuuji, your face's going pale. Something wrong?
Narration: *I swear, this woman...*
Amane: All right then, I think it'll be another thirty minutes or so until everything is ready... Go play outside for a while longer, okay?
Yuuji: What? Are we in grade school now? Want us to go run around the playground until it gets dark...?
Sachi: The playground...?
Makina: No need ta make that sour face, Onii-chan. The time'll fly by once we get our "Xtreme Typo" duels goin'!
Narration: *For some reason, Makina mimes the motion of flipping cards off a deck.*
Yuuji: Since when did that game involve cards...?
Narration: *And so, I was once again dragged back into the soul-crushing game in question, mumbling complaints all the while.*
Date: *July 16, 2011, 08:07 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Michiru: Mornin'!
Yuuji: Yeah.
Yumiko: .........!?
Narration: *Answering Michiru's greeting, then winking in response to Sakaki's silent glance, I make my way to my seat.*
Narration: *A perfectly normal morning, so far.*
Amane: Hey ho.
Makina: Good mornin', everybow-wow!
Narration: *At least, until Amane and an oversized puppy arrive on the scene.*
Narration: *Apparently, this school is truly tolerant in regard to pets on campus. Perhaps too much so. Maybe it's a marketing strategy to differentiate them from the crowd, like those "animals okay" cafes?*
Makina: Onii-chan, good mornin' to yow-bow.
Yuuji: Just for your information, ending your sentences with weird little barks makes you sound like a complete mental case.
Makina: Yer not supposed to say that, bow! It's an unwritten rule-ruff!
Narration: *...So she was aware...?*
Yuuji: By the way, young pup, are you done with "Xtreme Typos" already?
Makina: That's yesterday's game, grr! As of today, "Anthropomorphic Animal Roleplay" is th' fad of th' moment, bow-wow!
Amane: This girl thinks up games unbelievably rapidly... but she gets bored of them just as quickly.
Narration: *Amane's words of explanation seem to carry a tinge of exhaustion.*
Sachi: Kood mornink, everyone.
Makina: Ah...
Yuuji: Seems one person hasn't gotten with the times quite yet.
Amane: Come to think of it... she was still like that when we broke up the party last night...
Narration: *Just as Amane says, our "Xtreme Typos" marathon continued well after we'd finished our group dinner...*
Narration: *Once Makina started complaining about being tired, everyone wandered back to their rooms without any firm conclusion to the game.*
Makina: Come ta think of it, you're rightbowow.
Michiru: Why are you people taking this so calmly!? If we don't convince Sachi to stop soon, she might end up talking like this for the rest of her life! Just like her other "speech quirk!"
Sachi: ...? Is there some probpem with my speeth, Mithiru-sama?
Michiru: Ngggah... You seriously don't get it, do you...?
Yumiko: Phehe...
Yuuji: Calm yourself, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: !?
Michiru: Aaarggh! Reset! I want a reset! Somebody, please! Please bring me a button that can erase Sachi's settings!!

Date: *July 16, 2011, 14:20 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *Back when the village well was still an essential aspect of daily life, the world was a happier place. By avoiding the well, it was possible to avoid women's idle gossip to some degree.*
Narration: *In modern times, the whole world is a minefield. You never know when you're going to trigger a verbal explosion.*
Narration: *Sweets are especially troublesome; despite their small size, they're extremely effective at inspiring females to chatter on at length. Their destructive efficiency resembles that of a hollow-point bullet.*
Amane: Ah, Yuuji. Just the man I wanted to see!
Narration: *Our program of academic activities is over for the day. I'm just taking a short breather when Amane calls for my attention.*
Yuuji: Sorry, I'm busy at the moment. Can it wait?
Amane: Hey, come on now. There's no need to shoot me down so bluntly, is there?
Yuuji: I'm not attempting to "shoot you down," and I'm not trying to be blunt either. I'm just informing you that I don't currently have time to put up with the lengthy, pointless chattering you people seem to love so much.
Amane: You do know that's about as blunt as it gets, right?
Makina: Blunt as heck, ya know? No need ta kick an' scream about this. We're just havin' a little chat about friendship at th' moment.
Narration: *I'm sure I've already explained that my knowledge on this particular topic is fairly shallow, but apparently they haven't quite gotten the message yet.*
Yuuji: Sorry, but I'm not going to be of much use. I've never even done the typical "marathon bloody-knuckled fighting by the bank of the river until both sides collapse and become fast friends" thing.
Amane: Uh, do you really think that's "typical?" The vast majority of people have never done anything remotely like that, you know.
Yuuji: That a fact? Happens all the time in books, though. I was convinced it must be a commonplace daily event.
Makina: Why would ya become friends after beating each other up, anyway? Don't ya tend to hate people who punch you?
Amane: Either way, that's not the sort of thing we're talking about right now. The debate at hand: is true friendship between a man and a woman possible!? A pretty weighty issue, don't you think?
Makina: I don't really get th' difference, personally. Friends are friends, right?
Yumiko: Excuse me, I need to get by.
Makina: Ah! Whadda you think, Yumi-chan?
Yumiko: Huh? About what?
Amane: We're currently debating a thesis of grave importance to the human race as a whole. Do you think a guy can ever really be friends with a girl?
Yumiko: Friendship between the genders...? I'm afraid I don't have anything to contribute to this discussion.
Makina: Well, try thinkin' it over a little bit, why don't ya!?
Yumiko: ...I did, thank you very much. I simply lack anything resembling experience in the matter, so there's no way I can answer. And I think you were fully aware of that, weren't you? Spare me your spiteful little games.
Makina: Ooh, scary. She got kinda mad, fer some reason.
Amane: Uh, maybe because you asked the question kind of rudely?
Makina: Hmm, I thought it was okay, wokaybokay...
Sachi: Ooh. Maki-chan, what's a wokaybokay like? I'm picturing something fairly similar to an octopus. Eight long legs covered in suction cups, with a pleasing curry-like flavor.
Amane: Sacchan, I'm sure she's just making up nonsense words again. Probably best to ignore her entirely.
Yuuji: A wise policy. Take anything Makina says with multiple grains of salt, if you listen at all.
Makina: It's not a nonsense word! I totally heard it somewhere!
Sachi: I wonder where...? I'm quite curious about how it tastes... Hey, Maki-chan, did they mention anything about the flavor?
Makina: The flavor? Uh, well... dunno. Prob'ly sour, I guess?
Michiru: Look, people, I'm really busy here! Don't go around shouting for my attention!
Makina: Nobody was doin' anythin' of the sort.
Michiru: Huh!? Didn't you say "sour" just now, though...? I was convinced you were trying to pester me again.
Yuuji: Do you want to be pestered?
Michiru: Of course not! I just misunderstood slightly! Happens to everyone!
Makina: Geez, Chiruchiru is one chucklebrained chocabre.
Sachi: A chocabre...? I'm thinking light brown fur and nine legs. Also, it tastes like curry.
Yuuji: Sachi, my friend, are you perhaps somewhat hungry at the moment? You're oddly persistent with this curry thing. Chocolate flavor would have been the more logical choice in this case.
Sachi: Wah. You're quite correct, that was a blunder on my part... Please forgive me.
Amane: A-hem. All right then... now that she's here, I guess we may as well hear Michiru's thoughts on the matter.
Michiru: I refuse! There's absolutely no way I'm telling you what I think, you got that!? So, what are we talking about?
Amane: Do you think men and women can ever really be friends? I mean, casual hanging out, sure... I'm wondering more about a best friend of a different gender or something.
Michiru: Y-Yeah... Well, yeah... I don't really know.
Amane: There tends to be a pretty big range of opinions on this sort of thing, regardless of gender. I'm kind of curious what people think, you know?
Michiru: Yeah... sure.
Makina: Wuhuh? Chiruchiru, somethin' wrong?
Michiru: No, no. It's nothing. Sorry. Gotta go.
Sachi: I wonder if Michiru-sama is all right... She seemed rather unwell just now.
Amane: Hmm, she sure did... Was it something I said?
Sachi: Perhaps my excessive concern with the flavor of mysterious animals rubbed her the wrong way?
Makina: Prob'ly neither, in my hum-bull opinion. I bet she's just got a tummy-ache.
Yuuji: What, it's colitis this time? Of course, if there's a fever we can't rule out malaria either... All right, I suppose I'll have to take appropriate measures.
Amane: Can we leave this one to you, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Yeah. Okay then, I'll be going now.
Narration: *I decide to poke my nose into Michiru's business, less out of genuine concern for her health than the desire to escape a tedious conversation.*
Narration: *But after searching the entire dormitory from top to bottom, she's nowhere to be found. Locked in the lavatory, perhaps?*
Yumiko: What's wrong? If you're looking for something, please try to conduct your search a little more quietly.
Yuuji: Have you seen Michiru?
Yumiko: Ah... yes, if you're looking for Matsushima-san, she went out recently.
Yuuji: Say what...? I see. Thanks for the heads-up.
Yumiko: W-Well, you're welcome, I suppose...
Narration: *Why would she head outside when she's clearly feeling poorly? Or was that just some sort of an act?*
Yuuji: Michiru, what do you think you're doing? You need to take it easy if you don't want those clothes to end up irredeemably soiled.
Michiru: B-By what?
Yuuji: Hmm? Is your chest hurting...? It looks like you're in pain.
Michiru: Yeah. But it's fine. It'll go away if I rest for a minute... U-Urgh.
Narration: *Michiru's face contorts in evident agony. Beads of greasy sweat have formed on her forehead. It looks like a considerably more serious attack than the one I witnessed a few weeks ago.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Look, I know you're devoted to your craft, but no one's going to revoke your membership in the tsundere club if you ask for help when you're sick.
Michiru: I'm telling you, I'm fine. It's the exact same thing as last time, okay? I'll be back to normal soon.
Yuuji: You look terrible, though.
Michiru: I'm used to this. It's fine. Look, just leave me alone already, will you?
Yuuji: I can't do that. I'd be unable to assist if this attack suddenly developed into a medical emergency. I'm not willing to take that risk.
Michiru: Fine, whatever! If you won't leave me alone, I'll go somewhere instead!
Narration: *As good as her word, Michiru stalks sluggishly off the school grounds, dragging her shadow behind her like a ball and chain tied to her feet. Seems she found my intervention seriously unpleasant. I quietly watch her go.*
Amane: Was she okay?
Yuuji: Yeah, I don't think there's a problem.
Amane: I see. That's good to hear. I was pretty worried there for a second.
Sachi: Was Michiru-sama feeling under the weather?
Makina: I betcha she ate somethin' she shouldn't have. When I threw an eraser at Chiruchiru th' other day, she reflexively opened her mouth an' snatched it outta the air, ya know?
Amane: She did what!? What happened after that?
Makina: In between chewin' away at it, she asked me "What's this?" So I told her it was urute.
Sachi: Urute... The grilled trachea of a cow, if I remember correctly?
Amane: What kind of a crazed gourmet even eats that stuff...? So, uh, how did Michiru take that?
Makina: Said it was "tashty" an' wandered off somewhere, still chewin' away!
Yuuji: Hrm. The girl's taste buds may have been permanently fried from drinking nothing but sour stuff all the time.
Yuuji: Wait, but don't they cut those distinctive little notches into the tracheal tube when making urute? From the shape alone, she should have been able to determine it was an eraser...
Makina: Hehem! Ac'shully, I cut fine grooves into th' eraser first to make it seem like the real deal! It was some pretty exacting detail work, ya know? A splendid demonstration of th' dexterity distinctive of the Japanese people!
Yuuji: In that case, I guess it's not surprising she'd make the mistake. You're admirably meticulous about the details.
Amane: Come on, you can't do stuff like that! There's no way it's healthy to eat an eraser!
Makina: Not ta worry. I thoughtfully gave her some powdered tummy medicine afterward. No harm done.
Yuuji: Please don't tell me it was a pulverized eraser.
Makina: ......
Makina: Well, anyhoo! Chiruchiru's alive and kickin'! Isn't that what really matters!?
Amane: Makina... we're going to have a little talk about this later, understood?
Makina: Aaaaaah, a scoldin'! I detect a scoldin' in my immediate future!
Sachi: Incidentally, where is Michiru-sama at the moment? I'd like to check up on her myself.
Yuuji: Hrm. Can't say I know. She wandered off somewhere by herself.
Amane: Excuse me!? What's that supposed to mean? I asked you if she was all right, didn't I!?
Narration: *Amane's reaction to my words is distinctly overblown. Things seem to be moving in a troublesome direction all of a sudden.*
Yuuji: You did indeed, and I assured you that she was. My grounds for that judgment were very simple: Michiru herself said as much.
Amane: What, you took her word for it!? Did you not see her face earlier!?
Yuuji: Can't deny it was a little pale. Personally, I didn't think she appeared particularly healthy in general. But the girl herself said―
Amane: If you thought she looked sick, you can't just leave her alone. You need to go find her.
Sachi: Ah. In that case, I shall―
Amane: Not necessary, Sacchan. This is Yuuji's fault for leaving Michiru alone. Find her and take responsibility for your actions, you got that?
Yuuji: What sort of responsibility did you have in mind?
Amane: I don't know, look after her until she feels better? Deliver her safely to the infirmary? Something like that. If you're a man, this should come naturally. Hey, Sachi, does Yuuji look like a girl to you?
Sachi: Ah, no. I don't think he particularly resembles a female. If you pressed me to define his gender, my answer would be a confident "male."
Amane: I know, right? Okay then, Yuuji, that settles it. Get going.
Yuuji: Can't say I'm feeling particularly motivated...
Makina: Want me ta tag along?
Amane: No, Makina. This is Yuuji's problem.
Yuuji: Good lord, it's hardly a "problem" warranting such squawking. I get the message. I suppose I'll go look for her.
Sachi: Do you have any idea where she might be?
Yuuji: Yeah, there's one place that comes to mind.
Narration: *I leave our school and head to the location in question.*
Narration: *Michiru probably headed for that high ridge overlooking the sea. It's a quiet space where she won't be disturbed, and she seems to find it pleasant. I doubt there are many other places that meet those criteria for her.*
Narration: *...And yet, Michiru isn't here. No matter how much I look, I don't see our familiar bottle-blond dimwit.*
Yuuji: Damn. Have my instincts grown dull?
Yuuji: Hm? That cry...
Narration: *I turn in the direction of the sound, toward the very first area I checked. At the time, I quickly determined Michiru wasn't there; now, I notice a blond girl seated on the grass.*
Narration: *But despite that distinctive golden hair and the Mihama Academy uniform she's wearing, I can't convince myself that girl is Michiru.*
Narration: *Very strange. Are these errors of judgment on my part? Perhaps my perception of reality has been warped by spending so long inside that hermetically-sealed pocket of eccentricity they call a school?*
Yuuji: Michiru...? Answer me.
Michiru: Ah, sorry. I was just taking a bit of a breather.
Narration: *―No, I've got the wrong person after all.*
Narration: *At least, that's what it feels like. But the number of people who wear this uniform is very small... Logically speaking, there can't be any mistake.*
Narration: *The girl in front of me has the exact same face as Matsushima Michiru in every perceivable way. But the closer I look, the more she seems like someone else entirely.*
Yuuji: What's going on here?
Michiru: Huh?
Narration: *A very subtle change in some visual detail can dramatically change a person's impression, but this isn't that sort of a "spot the differences" puzzle. To put the matter plainly, this "Michiru" simply is not Michiru.*
Narration: *I can understand now why my eyes slid right over her at first. Of course, I'm now left with a far greater mystery: who is this "Michiru" I see before me?*
Yuuji: Who are you?
Michiru: Who...? What's that supposed to mean?
Narration: *And so, I ask her point-blank. I'm well aware that it's a strange question, but there just doesn't seem to be any other way to phrase it.*
Michiru: ......
Narration: *The impostor "Michiru" is staring out at the ocean, a small black cat curled up in her lap. She looks perfectly healthy; there's no indication of distress on her face.*
Narration: *If anything, you'd think she rolled out of bed at noon and took a little stroll to enjoy the fine weather. She appears utterly relaxed.*
Yuuji: Is Rommel doing well?
Narration: *I emphasize the name as if to definitively slap a label on the cat. "Michiru" turns toward me, a quizzical expression on her face.*
Michiru: Rommel...? What, you mean "that" Rommel?
Yuuji: I don't know which Rommel you're referring to. There's no way I can answer that question.
Yuuji: More importantly, which Michiru are you? You're not "that" Michiru, I'm pretty sure.
Michiru: "That" Michiru? Heheh. You do say amusing things. A Michiru is a Michiru is a Michiru, right?
Narration: *This girl doesn't stumble in conversing with me; she banters back with perfect composure.*
Yuuji: Hrm. At the very least, I don't think you're the Michiru I know.
Michiru: All right, you win. I'll drop the act. However―
Michiru: It hardly matters which Michiru I am, does it? Nobody else has even picked up on the difference so far. To be honest, I'm rather surprised you noticed.
Yuuji: Mind explaining in more detail? I don't understand what's going on here.
Michiru: And why do you need to understand? Do you really need an explanation for everything? I can't imagine going through life with such an obsessive need for context. Tell me, do you use a dictionary for your pillow?
Narration: *I don't think the girl's deliberately trying to confuse me, but this attitude is somewhat irritating. Reminds me of a mean-spirited adult teasing a child while holding an empty cookie jar behind their back.*
Yuuji: Now that you mention it, I think I may have slept with books more often than women.
Michiru: Is that so? You're kind of a difficult person, you know. Not very flexible. I'm finding it impossible to imagine you inviting a girl out on a date.
Yuuji: I'd probably just say "come with me." Of course, I'm fully capable of utilizing honeyed words instead, if the situation necessitates them.
Michiru: That's a completely bizarre way to put it, just for future reference. I don't think I've ever met anyone quite like you before.
Yuuji: That a fact? I can't say I remember running across anyone like you, either. Have we been introduced yet?
Narration: *Michiru lets out a brief, amused chuckle.*
Michiru: Oh, don't be such a grouch. Let's have a pleasant chat on some trivial topic. You enjoy discussing the proportional surface area of the earth's oceans, yes? Really, it's quite astonishing you even knew I was here.
Yuuji: Wasn't exactly a difficult guess. You like this place well enough to designate it as your final resting place, after all.
Michiru: Ah, right, sure. But the wind's strong up here, and it's usually a bit chilly, so personally I'm not much of a fan. And it's a bit dull just sitting around up here, don't you think? That girl certainly seems to like it, though.
Yuuji: Sorry, you're losing me again. Who's "that girl" supposed to be?
Michiru: Hrm. Very well, let's discuss simpler matters. I'm grateful that you searched for me, but there's no need for concern. My physical health has fully recovered. I'm merely taking a brief rest and relaxation period with this cat.
Yuuji: Precise, clear phrasing. Must say, though, you're now on the insipid side of things.
Michiru: That was an impression of you...
Yuuji: Say what? I-I see. Hrm... no, surely I don't talk like that.
Michiru: ...Heheh. You're quite an amusing individual, you know that?
Narration: *Michiru clears her throat with an affected "ahem."*
Michiru: Mmm, all right then. Let's move this conversation in a slightly more serious direction. Tell me, don't I remember you saying there's nothing after death? No heaven, no hell.
Yuuji: That's right. Those stories are complete nonsense, invented to control people through superstitious terror and fraudulent promises of salvation.
Yuuji: Of course, once you die your brain becomes nothing more than a rotting piece of meat... So it can't exactly hurt to think what you want while you're alive.
Yuuji: It's not like you're ever going to realize you were wrong. If the idea of a heaven waiting for you makes life more bearable, you may as well believe in it.
Michiru: Hrm. But you don't.
Yuuji: I'm not prone to that particular delusion, no. I understand that death is something like an endless, dreamless sleep.
Michiru: So in other words, dying is just like going to bed at night, except the morning never comes.
Yuuji: Yeah, more or less.
Michiru: Well, let's say you were entirely convinced you'd reached that endless night, but then a new morning came... What would you think then?
Yuuji: What are you talking about? A corpse rising from the grave?
Michiru: Give it some careful thought, please. You die; you fall into that final sleep. And then you wake up. What do you think you'd do?
Yuuji: Well, I have heard stories about people who went into a comatose state and were mistakenly identified as dead. Every once in a while a "corpse" pops up off the bed and scares the hell out of everyone in the room.
Michiru: Okay, look, that's not what I'm talking about. You die, really truly dead, and then wake up. What comes next? That's what I'm asking you. What do you do when you wake up on the morning after the last night of your life?
Yuuji: ...Sorry, what?
Michiru: You don't know, do you? You don't have an answer. In other words, you're not all-knowing. And that means your belief that only nothingness follows death is nothing more than speculation.
Michiru: So why talk like your particular guess is the definitive answer? Seems awfully arrogant. Trying to show off how jaded you are?
Yuuji: Not particularly.
Michiru: All right then, let me ask you a different question. If death is the end, why do people exist? If it all ends in oblivion sooner or later, what's the point of frantically scrambling around to keep ourselves alive?
Yuuji: ...When we could just die early and skip the pain? Is that where you're going with this?
Michiru: Don't answer a question with a question. Rather than guessing at what I'm implying, think about what I'm asking from your own perspective.
Yuuji: Hrm. If you think your life to be yours alone, I suppose you're free to die whenever you want.
Yuuji: But in the vast majority of cases, people can't live alone. Your existence incurs costs on others. Specifically, you're alive because someone else spent money to keep you that way.
Yuuji: Until those debts are paid, letting yourself die would be pretty damn selfish, don't you think?
Michiru: In other words, people have to keep going because... until they finish repaying their debts, their own lives belong to someone else?
Narration: *Somehow, this "Michiru" has managed to drag me into a truly cryptic conversation. It feels like I'm struggling to complete a puzzle with no possible solution. If there's some point to her questions, it completely eludes me.*
Yuuji: Human beings are too full of themselves. That's the only reason they worry about questions with no answer, like the "meaning of life." Every other animal is concerned with the struggle of their daily existence and very little else.
Yuuji: We really shouldn't be any different. Where did this ridiculous ego come from, anyway? Things probably went off track back when we first started picking up rocks and hitting each other with them...
Michiru: Can't say I have much of an opinion on the matter. To be honest, I don't find the question particularly interesting, either.
Yuuji: Good for you. I quit. This pointless conversation is officially over. I'm going back to the dorm.
Michiru: All right. I think I'll stay here a little longer, myself. See you later, Yuuji-kun.
Narration: *I turn my back on Michiru, resolved to cut off this unproductive debate. But after a few steps, I come to my senses. This isn't exactly a satisfying conclusion. I was just teased into ignominious retreat by a cheeky little girl.*
Narration: *I turn back and face Michiru once more.*
Cat: Meowww.
Narration: *The black cat, apparently startled by my motion, leaps off Michiru's lap and bolts away through the tall grass.*
Michiru: Hm?
Narration: *Michiru looks perfectly fine now, but at school she was pressing her hand to her chest and grimacing in pain.*
Narration: *That wasn't the first time I've seen it happen... And by some strange "coincidence," the previous case also occurred after someone brought up the topic of best friends.*
Narration: *The instant Michiru heard those words, her health deteriorated dramatically. It was the same today. That may not be all there is to this, but at the very least it should be the key that leads me to an answer.*
Michiru: Something the matter, Yuuji-kun?

Yuuji: No, it's nothing.
Narration: *I'm overthinking this. This strange little interlude must be nothing more than a new part of her act. She'll no doubt be back to the normal Michiru soon enough.*
Michiru: I see. Very well then.
Yuuji: Ah, sorry I scared off the cat.
Michiru: Not to worry. He's quite attached to me. If I come here, I can see him whenever I want.
Yuuji: I see. All right then, I'll be heading back to the dorm.
Michiru: Sure. I'm just going to rest here for a while longer, and then I'll follow.
Amane: Huh? Where's Michiru?
Yuuji: Hrm. Her condition appears favorable. There's nothing in particular to be worried about.
Amane: ...Did you not hear me before? I said to take responsibility, didn't I?
Yuuji: I checked up on her. Isn't that sufficient? I'm not the girl's father, you know. I'm not obliged to spend all day nursing her.
Amane: Well, yeah, but... I mean...
Yuuji: What, you still have a problem? She'll return eventually.
Makina: What th' heck, Chiruchiru still ain't back? It's a lil' bit lonely without her.
Yuuji: Listen up, Makina. Everyone needs to be alone at times. It's a basic human need. Respecting that is very important, you understand?
Makina: Hmm, I think I gotcha... Yumi-chan gets really cranky when she doesn't get enough alone time, after all.
Yuuji: An excellent case in point.
Sachi: You continue to impress me, Kazami-san. You're quite right. I suppose always being around others might well grate on the nerves.
Amane: You're really sure she's okay?
Yuuji: Yeah, there isn't a problem. I'll guarantee that.
Amane: I guess that's good enough.
Narration: *Just as promised, Michiru returns shortly thereafter. I spot her walking down the dorm hallway, chewing on something with the reinvigorated expression of a woman who just passed a kidney stone.*
Yuuji: You're back, it would seem.
Michiru: Huh? Of course I am. I just felt a tiny bit sick, so I went out to get some fresh air. *Mm* *Nom*
Yuuji: What are you eating?
Michiru: Urute. I ran into Makina at the school gate on my way back... She said "Welcome home, Chiruchiru" and threw something at me, so I kinda reflexively chomped down on it...
Michiru: In between chews, I asked her what it was, and she said it's "Urute, for reals." So I'm like, "Ooh. This is the real deal, huh?"
Michiru: You just can't beat the name brands when it comes to flavor, right?
Narration: *I think the nuance of Makina's "real" might be slightly different from what Michiru thinks, but it's probably best not to mention that.*
Yuuji: I see. Anyway, are you feeling better now?
Michiru: But of course! Bit of rest and I'm good as new with tasty urute to chew!!
Yuuji: Is "that" Michiru doing well too?
Michiru: That Michiru? Which Michiru? I'm me, aren't I? D-Don't ask me all these weird questions, okay? *Munch* *Munch*
Yuuji: Hrm, I see. Make sure you get to bed early tonight. Rest up and recover your health.
Michiru: I plan to! Not that it's any of YOUR business! Hmph, you're nothing but a―
Makina: Chiruchiru! Here ya go!
Michiru: *Chomp*
Michiru: *Mnam* *Nam*... Makina! What is this!?
Makina: It's urute!
Michiru: *Om* *Nom*... Yeah, this third rate knock-off urute just can't compare. The real deal was seriously delish, though...
Yuuji: One other thing, Michiru. Take some stomach medicine tonight. If possible, get it from Sachi, not Makina.
Michiru: Hm? Uh, okay. But why?
Yuuji: Because if you ask Sachi, she'll give you the real stuff.
Michiru: The real stuff? Like, a trendy brand-name stomach medicine? Is it super-effective or something?
Yuuji: Just do it, all right?
Michiru: *Nam* *Nam*... Fine, whatever. Hmm, this one kind of tastes like pencil dust for some reason...
Narration: *With this, the Michiru Incident drew to a close.*
Narration: *Human beings are multi-faceted creatures. It's perfectly normal for someone to change their tone of speech depending on who they're addressing; fairly significant shifts in their personality aren't uncommon either.*
Narration: *Something or other inspired atypical behavior from Michiru today. But I have no idea what the root cause was, and when you get right down to it, it's really none of my business.*
Narration: *There's a line I shouldn't cross here. If I want to avoid tracking my muddy footprints all over my classmates' fragile hearts, I need to continue to exercise such restraint as long as I live in this place.*

Yuuji: Michiru, I want to ask you something.
Michiru: What's on your mind? Curious about how to calculate a square root? Or maybe you want to know what word comes first on page 426 of the Japanese dictionary?
Yuuji: None of the above. I want to know if you have a "best friend."
Narration: *I carefully state my inquiry, watching Michiru's face intently. I expected some sort of telling reaction, but there don't seem to be any results worth mentioning.*
Narration: *Michiru thinks the matter over for a moment; the casual expression on her face suggests a woman pondering her dinner menu.*
Michiru: Tell me something first. Why are you asking me that question?
Yuuji: Because you're avoiding the topic. Whenever the conversation shifts to friendship... "best friends" in particular... you immediately begin to act strangely. Thought it might have some connection to your sudden illness.
Michiru: Ah, I see. Yes, that reaction is hardly surprising. But I'm not the one you should be talking to about that.
Michiru: Anyway, from my personal point of view, a "best friend" seems rather unnecessary.
Michiru: I mean, you should like all your friends, yes? I really don't think ranking them in order to pick a "number one" is a good thing.
Michiru: And the way you see it, once we're dead, we're all alone for eternity anyway. In that case, I don't think I'd even want to get that close to anyone. It can only end in sadness.
Yuuji: That's a pretty pessimistic way of looking at it.
Michiru: I don't know about that. "Pragmatic" seems a more appropriate word.
Yuuji: Hrm. All right, I understand your thinking on the matter. I'll be heading back now.
Narration: *This time I'm fully ready to take my leave. But apparently Michiru's unsatisfied with this conclusion, as she immediately calls out to stop me.*
Michiru: Hold on. What about you?
Yuuji: Sorry, what about me?
Michiru: I'm asking about your answer to the question, of course. Do you have a best friend?
Yuuji: Can't say I have anyone I could confidently describe that way.
Michiru: What about a lover?
Yuuji: Don't have one of those either. Why are you asking?
Michiru: Hmmm, that so? You seem like you'd be popular, though. Wonder why that is... Has that always been the case?
Yuuji: Why do you―
Michiru: Why do I want to know? Very simple. I've never had a romantic relationship, and I'm rather intrigued by the concept.
Yuuji: I see. So this is what they call "idle curiosity."
Michiru: Have you kissed anyone?
Yuuji: Yes.
Michiru: Ooh. Hey... how would you describe the sensation? Does it really feel pleasant...? Hmm, let me simplify the question... What's a kiss like?
Yuuji: Out of respect for your admirable attempt at brevity, I'll keep my answer simple as well. A kiss is a moment of contact between two sets of mucous membranes.
Michiru: I think that's a little too simple... Maybe it'd be quicker to find out for myself. Mind if I give it a try?
Yuuji: Not particularly, I suppose.
Michiru: Thanks. Okay, here goes.
Narration: *Michiru rises up on tiptoe and draws her face close. Without a moment's hesitation, she presses her mouth to mine. Our moist mucous membranes softly adhere to each other.*
Michiru: Mm...
Narration: *Apparently concerned about knocking her nose against mine, Michiru tilts her face slightly to one side. A tuft of blond hair brushes against my cheek, tickling my nose with the citrusy scent of her shampoo.*
Michiru: Mmm... haaah. Phew.
Narration: *Michiru runs her tongue over her lips and creases her brow thoughtfully.*
Michiru: I still don't quite get it.
Yuuji: That's a shame, but would you mind telling me why you suddenly―
Michiru: Ah! Hold that thought. Sorry. See you later, Yuuji-kun.
Yuuji: Say what? Are you going somewhere? Explain yourself.
Michiru: .........
Yuuji: Michiru...? That you?
Michiru: ...Huh...? Ooh?
Michiru: Owaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Close! What the―!? WAY too close!
Michiru: What do you think you're doing, popping up out of nowhere like that!? Ever heard of personal space!?
Michiru: You were like three inches away from k-k-kissing me, you know!? That was a close one...
Narration: *Hrm. How exactly should I interpret this...? Seems we're back to the old Michiru?*
Yuuji: Yo, long time no see. Glad to see you're doing well. I was somewhat concerned.
Michiru: Huh? I-It's not like I need your concern or anything...  Hey, uhm, d-did I say anything strange earlier?
Yuuji: Anything strange? Have you ever said anything that wasn't...?
Michiru: Kiiiiiiibumo! How rude can you get!? Unbelievable!
Yuuji: Oh, settle down. I do want an explanation of all this, but I suppose it can wait. You're tired, aren't you? Let's head back to the school.
Michiru: An explanation of what? Hmph, there's no way I'm going to explain anything to the likes of you, got it!?
Yuuji: Yes, yes, fine. I'm going to leave you behind now.
Michiru: Aaah, hold it right there! Yuuji!!
Amane: Ah, you're back! Was Michiru okay?
Michiru: Huh? I-I'm perfectly okay, for your information! If anything, Yuuji's the one you should be worried about!
Yuuji: The girl speaks truth. I'm somewhat exhausted at present.
Amane: That's a bit unusual... But anyway, nice job bringing her back safe and sound. You've got a good head on your shoulders after all, Yuuji.
Yuuji: It wasn't exactly easy. I hope this is sufficient to satisfy you, Amane.
Amane: Of course!
Makina: O'keh. A-o'keh! I knew ya had it in you, Onii-chan.
Michiru: I'm sorry for worrying you, everyone. Just don't think I'm going to apologize or anything!
Sachi: No need to apologize, Michiru-sama. No need to speak, for that matter. Or think. All I ask is that you try to keep on breathing.
Michiru: Yeah, exactly. Live as free as the wind! That's the Matsushima Michiru style. You've finally understood my philosophy, Sachi!
Sachi: That's your style, is it? Yes, of course it is. And a very fine style it is, too.
Michiru: Grm. Somehow, it feels like you're totally brushing me off...
Sachi: Really...? I was only affirming your words, Michiru-sama...
Yuuji: Well, she might have been brushing you off, but you can't deny she did it with an admirably light touch.
Michiru: That's okay, then! As long as it stays light, I guess there's no problem. Of course, if that had been a heavy brushing, I wouldn't have forgiven you for all eternity. Bang, you're forgiven!
Sachi: Oh, I have been forgiven. Wonderful. Thank you very much.
Amane: Okay then, I'm going to head back to my room.
Makina: Ah, Ama-nee, I'm comin' too! Hold yer horses!
Sachi: Please excuse me as well.
Michiru: Okay, guess I'll go indulge in a little siesta myself.
Yuuji: Michiru, are you really all right?
Michiru: It's fine. I've got skin as thick as a rhino's, for your information! There's no way Sachi's gonna get me down!
Yuuji: That's not what I'm referring to. I'm talking about your physical health.
Michiru: Yeah, that's... Well, I'm okay now. Like I said, I'm used to it.
Yuuji: I see.
Michiru: W-What's this about, anyway? Look, uhm, don't even think about getting that close to me again, you got that...?
Yuuji: You're the one who approached me.
Michiru: There's no way I'd do that! Don't just make stuff up! One of these days, you'll get tangled up in your own web of receipts!
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, I think you might have meant "deceit."
Michiru: Huh!? S-Shaddup, you. If you think a web of deceit is bad, you've obviously never seen one made of receipts!  It's Web 2.0!
Narration: *Her incoherent babbling apparently concluded for the moment, Michiru stalks off.*
Narration: *There have always been things about the girl I found hard to understand, but today her incomprehensibility reached new heights. I think I'm going to have to keep an eye on her from now on.*

Date: *July 17, 2011, 15:00 - Mishima Cape - Station Area*
Narration: *Everyone has their weaknesses. Human beings aren't omnipotent; if anything, we're largely powerless. And so, we must also be resourceful.*
Narration: *We're born utterly impotent, and no matter how long we live and how much we learn, we'll always have more weaknesses than strengths. Our resourcefulness, then, is the tool by which we work around these fundamental shortcomings.*
Narration: *Sometimes we find a way to conquer our failings; more often, we learn avoidance, ways to keep them from hurting us. Whatever the means, in the end we gain the ability to scrape by. As weaklings go, we're a hardy breed.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *One afternoon, just as I'm leaving the shopping area in front of the train station, something catches my attention. I draw to a halt and turn to look.*
Yumiko: ......
Clerk: U-Uhm... can I help you, miss...?
Yumiko: !!!
Clerk: Eeek... P-Please take your time.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Looks that can kill, and those who cringe in terror. If this were Nagasaki a few hundred years ago, you might guess someone had splashed mud on a samurai; but this is a modern town not far from Tokyo, and that right there is a young woman.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Ah, it's Sakaki.
Narration: *Just a moment ago, I'd sensed an ominous, foreboding aura across the street, powerful enough to inspire a momentary surge of concern.*
Yuuji: Thought there might have been some terrorist attack in the making... but I guess it's just Sakaki being Sakaki.
Narration: *Might have been a bit on edge since I just paid a visit to "Ichigaya" to take care of some minor chores.*
Narration: *Either way, I investigated the situation for safety's sake, only to find an individual in some ways more troublesome than your garden-variety terrorist.*
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko―*
Narration: *A curt, antisocial classmate of mine... should about cover it. I'm rather amazed to find that she's capable of projecting such a ferocious aura as to fool my carefully honed instinct for danger.*
Narration: *It seems she's still capable of surprising me. Quite impressive, really. Though it's not likely that many schoolgirls would particularly enjoy receiving that sort of compliment.*
Yuuji: Still, just what is she doing over there...?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki stands under a colorful yellow and red striped awning, glaring powerfully through the glass at the interior of a small store.*
Narration: *Since the girl's usually defined by her emotionless, disinterested, and asocial vacuum of a personality, the intense passion in that gaze is somewhat surprising.*
Sachi: A nubile young girl stands alone in front of a crepe shop. Normally, I think this would inspire some delusional fantasies on your part.
Narration: *Sachi, having snuck up beside me at some point, offers a typically helpful suggestion.*
Yuuji: Fantasies...?
Sachi: Indeed... For example, the crepe she buys suddenly explodes, leaving her covered from head to toe in sticky cream. I believe a hackneyed delusion of this sort would be the typical next step in this situation.
Amane: Whipped cream play, eh...?
Michiru: Come on, I really don't think that's "typical"...
Yuuji: Look, I'm not asking for a description of your sexual fantasies, Sachi. I'm just wondering what Sakaki is doing in front of that shop...
Narration: *Quickly outpaced by the conversation, I attempt to get things back on topic. In the next moment, someone yanks vigorously on my sleeve.*
Makina: Mm!
Narration: *That someone being Makina, of course.*
Narration: *She's got a comically proud expression on her face. I'm reminded of a toddler reporting that she went poopy all by herself to her parents, in full expectation of their lavish praise.*
Narration: *...I hardly think this girl is likely to have any accurate information, but I suppose it can't hurt to ask.*
Yuuji: Well, Makina? Do you know something about this? What's going on with Sakaki?
Makina: I betcha Yumi-chan's plottin' up a way to seize that shop under false pretenses, then coldly raze it to th' ground and salt the earth where it used to stand!
Yuuji: Great. Thanks, you've been a big help.
Narration: *As expected, asking Makina was an utter waste of time.*
Yuuji: Not that I'm expecting anything resembling a coherent answer, but I just can't help myself... Why would Sakaki need to do a thing like that?
Makina: Huh...? I mean, that's her hobby, ya know?
Yuuji: ...Hm. When you use that disbelieving "Everybody knows that" tone of voice, it almost sounds convincing.
Makina: Everyone needs a hobby! It's Yumi-chan's human side!
Yuuji: Violently snatching people's stores just to wipe them out of existence is her "human side?"
Narration: *Even for Sakaki, that seems excessively malicious.*
Narration: *...I've been talking with these people for several minutes now, and none of them have said anything remotely insightful. Or even coherent. Have they collectively lost what little sanity they had left?*
Michiru: So, uh, Yuuji... you didn't even flinch when we all popped up out of nowhere.
Yuuji: Huh? Oh, right. That's because I sensed your presence nearby.
Amane: Hehhh. Again with that ridiculous superhuman act.
Yuuji: Personally, I thought that bit about the whipped cream earlier was significantly more ridiculous. What was all that about, anyway?
Amane: Well, there was a little debate on the topic earlier. But we ended up reaching a consensus: as a woman, it's only natural to have someone eat off your naked body at least once. Just to check it off the list.
Yuuji: You reached a consensus on that...?
Narration: *The initial topic was ridiculous enough, but how the discussion might have developed toward and arrived at that conclusion is completely beyond my comprehension.*
Michiru: Hey, you seem to be misunderstanding something here! Amane's just making this up, for your information! It's not like I agreed to anything like that!
Sachi: Yes, Michiru-sama is pure as the driven snow, after all. Even if her hair is dyed blond.
Michiru: Hey, you! Maid! I don't think I really like the way you put that! And don't just casually diss my hair color! Are you calling me a slut!?
Sachi: Michiru-sama, I'll give you a nice shiny penny, so please settle down. You may look like a slut, but I assure you, I don't believe you really are one.
Michiru: Ah, a penny... cool. Hey, no, what!? If you're trying to fix your mistake, then do it properly!
Sachi: I am truly sorry. You're quite correct. As your hair is dyed blond, perhaps "pure as the yellow-stained snow" would be the more appropriate description?
Michiru: That was NOOOOOOOOT the issue!!
Amane: Uhm, hey guys. It's nice that you're having fun over there, but if you keep squawking like that, Sakaki-san's going to notice us. And then we're all going to get subjected to her unimaginably gruesome revenge.
Michiru: Ugh...
Sachi: That would be problematic. Michiru-sama, let's try to use our indoor voices.
Michiru: ...Considering the situation I'll stay quiet for now, but don't think this is over...
Makina: Yeah, keep it down. I don't want Yumi-chan comin' at me with that sinister smirk of hers. I have a hard time not peein' myself... It's like somethin' out of a horror flick.
Yuuji: So, I'm kind of getting the idea this is a deliberate surveillance operation on your part...?
Narration: *Covert activities of this sort are well within the range of my professional expertise, and this noisy crowd of schoolgirls would have to be the single least competent "operation" I've ever seen. I feel mildly dizzy.*
Narration: *Well, let's put a positive spin on it and say, uh... I'm always seeing new things when I'm with these people. Although I'd never, ever want to work a job with them.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Of course, you can't say Sakaki's much better than the rest, since she still hasn't caught on.*
Narration: *She's staring intently at a piece of paper in the shop window. Perhaps she's finally tracked down the menu that killed her family.*
Narration: *...At least, I hope that's a menu. If that sheet of paper has the manager's name written on it or something, I'd have to assume Sakaki's trying to place some sort of fatal curse on them.*
Amane: It's been a good thirty minutes now, and she hasn't budged an inch.
Michiru: That poor clerk is about ready to cry.
Yuuji: Hrm. In other words, you people have been here for half an hour as well. I mean, forget Sakaki, what's your objective here? I was originally thinking you came as a group and just sent her to buy everyone crepes.
Sachi: No, that's not the case. In the first place, it's hardly likely Sakaki-san would agree to such an errand, is it?
Yuuji: Hm... you do have a point.
Makina: I just happened ta spot Yumi-chan like that, so I messaged everyone else to join up here.
Yuuji: ...A group stalking? You guys really get along.
Makina: You're hardly one to talk, are ya, Onii-chan? You casually joined right on in yerself.
Yuuji: But I just coincidentally happened to... Well, no. I guess you're right. Can't really deny that.
Michiru: What's with that wishy-washy answer?
Yuuji: Forget it.
Narration: *Truth of the matter is, I'd realized halfway through the sentence that defending myself would require a tiresome explanation, and decided to follow the path of least resistance instead.*
Narration: *It's one of the little tricks I've resourcefully picked up to make my life among these people easier.*
Amane: So, leaving aside those delusions Sacchan mentioned... what do you think Sakaki-san might be doing, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Well...
Michiru: The elements of our puzzle: Yumiko, a crepe shop... Oh, that's right. Yuuji, do you even know what crepes are?
Yuuji: Think so. Whipped cream and fruit rolled up inside a thin omelette, right?
Narration: *Not that I've ever eaten one. Well, no, maybe I did once or twice... but judging from the way I can't particularly recall the experience, it can't be that memorable a treat.*
Narration: *I mean, in all fairness, I'm basically not that interested in food in the first place, and the crepe is a sugary thing aimed at women and children. It would be downright strange if I was interested in it.*
Sachi: Less an omelette and more a pancake, but you're essentially correct.
Amane: So, we've got Sakaki-san in front of this collection of suuuper sweet crepes. What do you think about that, Yuuji?
Yuuji: ...I see. I think I finally understand the situation.
Narration: *In short, they're all just bursting with sheer curiosity...*
Narration: *After all, our cool and collected Sakaki appears to be longing after a sugary treat.*
Narration: *What kind of crepe will she order? What's the look on her face going to be like when the moment finally comes? How will she eat it?*
Narration: *A new side of Sakaki Yumiko... a face she keeps carefully hidden from us... might well emerge in that moment.*
Narration: *Normally, this sort of event would hardly warrant such high expectations. You'd fully expect Sakaki to casually buy something in her usual apathetic way, then casually eat it without any particular expression on her face.*
Narration: *But for some reason, Sakaki appears to be seriously conflicted instead.*
Narration: *This tantalizing hint of something out of the ordinary has clearly fuelled the group's hopes.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki, every ounce of her concentration focused on the menu in front of her, glares into the window like a thug trying to intimidate someone into submission.*
Narration: *I can't say I've ever seen anyone buy a treat with an expression like that on their face.*
Narration: *What on earth is she thinking about at the moment...?*
Makina: Heya, pops. Gimme some tofu udon wit' plenny'a onions an' tempura. An' don't get stingy with th' soup, neither!
Sachi: Sorry, lil' lady, but this ain't no noodle shop. We sell crepes, ya blockhead.
Yuuji: ...What the hell was that?
Makina: Welp, just had to let off a little tension, ya know?
Sachi: Maki-chan fired off the setup out of nowhere, so it took all my effort merely to respond with a timely punchline.
Yuuji: Right, but why did you bother?
Makina: She's got that super intense look on her face, so I was thinkin' maybe she'd just crack an' blurt somethin' like that out.
Yuuji: Okay, look, not everyone is as bipolar as you are.
Narration: *Sakaki may seem fearsome at times, but this girl is frightening in her own right.*
Amane: No, no. I bet I know what Sakaki-san's really thinking!
Yuuji: ...You're supposed to be the responsible elder here, right? Don't get caught up in Makina's games.
Amane: Oh, what's the big deeeal? You know, Yuuji, I feel like you're harder on me than Sacchan or Makina. Wassup with that, hm?
Yuuji: I'm treating you like the adult you should be. Also, do me a favor and don't try to talk like the "kids these days" at your age. It's just embarrassing to watch.
Amane: What the hell!? Since when was I middle-aged!?
Yuuji: ...Forget it. I give up. Do what you want.
Amane: Tch. Well, whatever. Okay, everybody, please take a caaareful look at Sakaki-san! I will now convey her thoughts to you.
Narration: *Amane moves the conversation right along with all the lurching resilience of a drunkard trapped in the height of a mid-life crisis.*
Amane: Uhm... excuse me. I seem to have dropped my nipple.
Narration: *Instantly, I feel the air around me freeze solid.*
Narration: *Ignoring this completely, Amane forges on ahead with her monologue.*
Amane: My right... Yes, it's pinkish. A bit on the small side, but when I get horny it tends to become rather perky. Have you seen it?
Amane: Yes, ah, it's still pretty much as good as new... I mean, I've played with it a little myself, but it's basically in mint condition. Yes, pink. That's right. Salmon pink.
Yuuji: Please stop. You're disgracing yourself as a human being.
Amane: Huh...? No good...? Really? 
Yuuji: Your beloved Kansai is the cultural capital of Japanese comedy, isn't it? Can't you tell the difference between a safe joke and one that's just awkward for everyone involved?
Amane: N-Now hol' on jus' a minute here! Nipples're totally a-okay! Over there they'd be givin' ya old ladies walkin' around wit' their titties hangin' out, ya know!? Why'm ah the only one facin' the music!?
Sachi: Please... say no more, Amane-san...
Amane: You too, Sacchan...? Did I go too far...? Really?
Makina: Can ya even drop a nipple in th' first place? Sheddin'?
Amane: Aah, sorry Makina... Your big sis needs some alone time right now...
Narration: *Finally crushed by the awkward atmosphere, Amane slowly crumbles to the ground in shame.*
Makina: Okay, Chiruchiru, yer up!
Michiru: Ugh...!
Narration: *Seems Michiru was anticipating this possibility, as she's been keeping uncharacteristically quiet and inconspicuous since the comedy routines started. To no avail, of course. Something close to panic spreads across her face.*
Michiru: L-Look, why are we suddenly having a round of stand-up comedy in the first place!?
Sachi: Just for the heck of it. After all, that is the raison d'etre of this entire event, don't you think?
Michiru: B-But, I'm not really confident about this stuff...
Makina: Doesn't really matter if you're funny or not! Just go for it!
Sachi: Yes, that's right. The only thing that's truly important here is to be a good sport and avoid ruining the light-hearted mood. Do you understand, Michiru-sama...?
Michiru: U-Ugggh... fine, finnnne...
Michiru: YOU SHALL RUE THE DAY YOU CROSSED ME, CREPE...! FOR I―
Makina: Bzzzzzzzzzzt.
Sachi: Game over, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: AAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaahaaaaghh!!! I tooooooldddd yoooou soooooooo!!!
Narration: *Michiru lets out a strange, piteous wail and collapses to the ground.*
Yuuji: You people are seriously cruel...
Makina: I only hurt Chiruchiru 'cause I love her, ya know?
Yuuji: That a fact?
Sachi: Her attempt at a joke was unfortunately most poorly conceived and not amusing in the least, but... in the grand scale of things, such matters are entirely inconsequential! Right, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: ...Just stop... Stop talking to me...
Narration: *Michiru responds to her friends' "tough love" by curling up into a fetal ball next to Amane... but I'm not well versed in these matters, so if Makina says this is motivated by affection, I guess I'll have to take her word for it.*
Makina: Okay, Onii-chan, you're our last contestant!
Yuuji: What, me too?
Sachi: Yes, of course. Kazami-san, don't tell me you expected yourself to be the only exception...?
Yuuji: Well, I guess not...
Makina: I'm expectin' big things from you, kid!
Michiru: Ugh... uuugggh... at this point, I don't care if Yuuji really does come up with something funny! I'm going to jeer at him either way!
Yuuji: Why did you feel the need to declare that?
Narration: *What a mess...*
Narration: *Then again, even this nasty little game is nothing compared to the many seriously unpleasant varieties of "humor" I've had to deal with in the workplace.*
Narration: *Consciously tuning out all sensory data, I turn my focus completely inward and rapidly begin to devise a plan. Speed is crucial in this sort of thing.*
Narration: *A gag centered around Sakaki, eh...?*
Narration: *Maybe I'll play up the gap between her girly tastes and violent personality. Seems like it might fit the bill.*
Yuuji: All right, that should work.
Narration: *I raise my head...*
Narration: *To find everyone has vanished.*
Narration: *Amane and the others are gone; even Sakaki, who had been planted like a statue in front of the crepe shop throughout our little routine, has suddenly gone missing.*
Narration: *...No, I guess she's still around after all.*
Narration: *She's not currently in my field of vision, but there seems to be someone emitting an aura of murderous anger behind me. And there's no mistaking this menacing metallic sound.*
Narration: *Seems she managed to sneak up on me at some point.*
Yumiko: What were you doing?
Yuuji: Hmm, hold that thought... Can you try saying "Excuse me. Which would make a better weapon, banana or strawberry-flavored crepes?" Just an experiment.
Yumiko: ...What? Are you trying to distract me by spouting utter nonsense? I'd rethink that strategy.
Yuuji: Right... Sorry, forget it. You wanted to know what I was doing here? I was observing you, Sakaki.
Yumiko: I see... Okay then, first things first. I'm going to murder you now.
Yuuji: Sorry, but that's well beyond your capabilities. As I think you've known for some time now.
Narration: *When I turned back, Sakaki was indeed waiting for me.*
Narration: *Despite the anger smoldering beneath the surface, there's no obvious signs of rage on her face; she's expressionless as always.*
Narration: *I guess I should interpret that as a positive thing, but it feels more like a letdown. It might have been interesting to see some naked emotion from her for once.*
Yuuji: Where did the others go?
Yumiko: They sprinted off at full speed. Guilty conscience, perhaps? I expect they must have been brutally mocking a certain pathetic girl who couldn't even choose a crepe off the menu.
Yuuji: Oh, so that's what was going on there?
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Yuuji: Yeah, we were all kind of racking our brains trying to figure out why you were just standing there like a statue.
Narration: *To be more precise, we were amusing ourselves by inventing ludicrous theories, but I might as well leave that unsaid.*
Yumiko: And I let it slip... Hoisted by my own petard, as they say. I'll never live this one down.
Yuuji: I really don't think it's that big of a deal. So? Were you able to buy a crepe in the end?
Yumiko: ...I just didn't want one anymore.
Yuuji: I see.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: At first, I was just a little indecisive.
Yuuji: Hm? Ah, right...
Narration: *We still discussing this...?*
Narration: *She's oddly talkative. I mean... if she was going to give me the real story, why lie about "not wanting one" in the first place...?*
Yumiko: All my options looked incredibly delicious, so I couldn't decide.
Yuuji: I see.
Yumiko: I really couldn't decide.
Yuuji: Right.
Yumiko: I really, really couldn't decide.
Yuuji: That hard a choice, eh?
Yumiko: ...I was expecting you to laugh there.
Yuuji: That a fact? Sorry, guess I missed the cue.
Yumiko: Whatever, never mind...
Narration: *Sakaki averts her face uncomfortably.*
Narration: *I do feel bad about making her joke fall flat, but I seriously didn't catch it. To be honest, I still don't understand when or why I was supposed to laugh.*
Narration: *Well, I guess the two of us just aren't cut out for this sort of thing. Sakaki may not be much of a comedian, but I'm hardly the best audience.*
Yuuji: So you never ended up making a decision?
Yumiko: No, I made up my mind.
Yuuji: Then why not buy it?
Yumiko: I suppose I could have.
Yuuji: But you're not holding a crepe.
Yumiko: ...I spent too much time standing there. When I finally looked over, the clerk was staring at me with this incredibly suspicious look on his face.
Yumiko: I instantly realized I'd never be able to buy anything from that store ever again, but... there just weren't any other customers stopping by, so it was impossible to slip away.
Yuuji: Well, yes. Since you were standing there glowering like the incarnation of wrath, I expect any potential customers fled in terror.
Yumiko: Fortunately, I eventually noticed you people over here and managed to break free out of pure anger.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Again with the menacing metallic sound. Not that it's particularly intimidating to me.*
Narration: *Of course, Sakaki has to be aware her threat is hollow as well. I expect she's unsheathing her blade mostly as a means to concentrate her hostility, rather than in the expectation it will make an effective weapon.*
Yumiko: ...You were planning to make a mockery of me, I presume?
Yuuji: Don't jump to conclusions.
Yumiko: What other reason could there possibly be for you to spy on me?
Yuuji: Once you got that crepe and started eating it, I thought I might get to see you smile happily for once. Simple as that.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Sakaki...?
Yumiko: What on earth? Did you really want to see that?
Yuuji: Well... I'm a little interested, yes.
Yumiko: Hmmmm.
Narration: *Sakaki's only reaction to my statement is a disinterested grunt...*
Yumiko: That doesn't change the fact that you were being exceptionally rude.
Yuuji: If it seemed that way to you, then I can't argue. Sorry about that.
Yumiko: It's all right. But as a punishment... I'll smash that delusion of yours to smithereens.
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Yumiko: *Chomp*... Mm, mmn...
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: Mmm... *Munch* *Smack*... mmmn... Heheh, well? What do you think?
Yuuji: I'm really not sure how to respond to that question.
Narration: *This was the punishment handed down to me. I'm required to watch intently as Sakaki eats her crepe.*
Narration: *Apparently, Sakaki plans to use this opportunity to crush my expectation that eating something sweet would prompt her to smile.*
Narration: *Of course, this involved sending me into the creperie to buy Sakaki her treat. I have a nagging suspicion that may have been the main point of this exercise.*
Narration: *That said, I don't think I've ever seen anyone eat a dessert quite this expressionlessly before...*
Narration: *She's so obviously doing it on purpose out of sheer stubbornness that it's taking a conscious effort to keep my amusement from showing on my face.*
Yumiko: Heheh... quite tasty.
Narration: *Sakaki speaks triumphantly, an expression of superior scorn spreading across her face.*
Yumiko: There you go. Not a particularly interesting sight, now is it?
Yuuji: Well, have to say I was surprised.
Yumiko: Were you really that convinced by your ridiculous little fantasy?
Yuuji: Hmm, guess so...
Narration: *Her face tense and hard, Sakaki devours her whipped-cream confection. If you look at it the right way, her overly serious expression resembles that of a child totally focused on stuffing their mouth full of sugar.*
Narration: *Well, there's no point making things even more troublesome, so I'll keep quiet.*
Narration: *Sakaki, blissfully oblivious of my perspective on the matter, crunches and munches loudly away at her crepe...*

Y-Miko: ...I suppose. I can understand that it isn't always a bed of roses, at least.
A-Ne: From what Makina tells me, her mother didn't spend much time caring for her...
A-Ne: So I got this idea I could sort of become a replacement mom for her, but...
K-Mine: ...As I remember the story, Maki-chan was much closer to her father... and he died in an accident...
M-Chiru: Okay, well, it's not like that's so unique! Plenty of people don't grow up in a happy family!
A-Ne: Yeah, I know. I do understand what you're saying, okay? But, you know... the girl asked Yuuji all by herself...
A-Ne: She told him "I want you to be my dad," right to his face... You know how much courage that must have taken...? Don't we have to respect that?
M-Chiru: ...Well, uh... Mmmmm...
K-Mine: ...So you're saying... Maki-chan needed Kazami-san that badly...?
A-Ne: And I think Yuuji might've accepted her because he sort of understood that... Comrade C-Zuru, you've been rather quiet. What's your opinion on all this?
C-Zuru: ...Hweh!?
A-Ne: Uh, excuse me...? Are you paying attention to the discussion?
C-Zuru: Y-Yes, of course! I-It's just... since I'm familiar with all of your personal circumstances in detail, simply listening to this conversation got me a little on edge...
A-Ne: Well then... taking all of those circumstances into account, what are your thoughts?
C-Zuru: ...Let's see. To be certain, every student in this school has their own... complex problems to bear.
C-Zuru: Each and every one of you have your hands full with your own difficulties, and can't always devote much energy to worrying about someone else's unhappiness. I don't think that reflects any coldheartedness on your part...
C-Zuru: Given such circumstances, the mere fact that you've gathered on your own initiative to consider what's best for your friends makes me very happy.
Y-Miko: Even if this discussion leads us to conclude their relationship is unacceptable? Even if we decide to try and force them to separate...?
C-Zuru: That would be a legitimate decision in its own right. If that's the conclusion you reach after an earnest exchange of opinions, I won't say a thing.
Y-Miko: "Respecting student autonomy" sounds nice in theory, but that strikes me as a little too hands-off...
C-Zuru: Your problems aren't simple enough to be resolved by merely tying you down. You wouldn't be in a school like this if they were. Surely you remember why this "receptacle" was constructed in the first place?  
Y-Miko: ............
C-Zuru: ...I'm sorry. I went too far...
Y-Miko: ...It's all right.
M-Chiru: So? What ARE we gonna do about those two? Are we accepting this or not?
K-Mine: ...Perhaps it would be best to leave that aside until we understand what we're "accepting." For the moment, I think "Seriously, What the Hell?" may be the more relevant question...
A-Ne: Yeah, look. Seems like everybody's misunderstanding things, but... this really is nothing but a father-daughter make-believe game, you know?
M-Chiru: B-But, c'mon! Those two came back to the classroom hand-in-hand, you know!? Even if it's "make-believe," that's less father-daughter and more boyfriend-girlfriend, don't you think!?  
K-Mine: ...In addition, Maki-chan's statement this morning, to wit: "He's my man now, so keep yer stinkin' paws off him," is rather weighing on my mind...
K-Mine: Kazami-san didn't exactly refute that declaration, either...
A-Ne: Uhhh, well... I think she was just saying that for the heck of it, to be honest.
K-Mine: Perhaps so, but I was still rather surprised to see Kazami-san holding hands with a girl. I would have assumed he was the type to dislike such clingy physical contact...
K-Mine: Then again, perhaps the most plausible scenario involves a curt initial rejection... "Why the hell would I embarrass myself like that!?" or something of the sort...
K-Mine: After observing Maki-chan droop in disappointment, this gives way to self-justifying excuses along the lines of "Just this once, punk," even as he quietly stretches out his hand for hers.
A-Ne: Ugh, as if we didn't have enough tsundere to go around already... Comrade S-Kaki, do you have any thoughts...?
Y-Miko: None in particular. As long as they're acting on the basis of mutual consent, they can do whatever they please. It has nothing to do with me...  
K-Mine: ...Quite the sulky attitude. Perhaps you're thinking stalking off in a huff once or twice may inspire Kazami-san to worry about you?
Y-Miko: Wha...
K-Mine: ...You're always trying to attract his attention with that "needy woman" act, S-Kaki-san. It's not exactly sporting.
Y-Miko: E-Excuse me!? Am I imagining things, or has your criticism of me gotten extremely harsh lately!?
K-Mine: I do apologize... A certain frank individual instructed me to express my thoughts and opinions more openly, so...
M-Chiru: Huh? Who's this Frank guy?
K-Mine: ............
M-Chiru: W-What's with the glare...? If you've got something to say, then say it to my face!
K-Mine: Frankly, you have the intelligence of a macaque.
M-Chiru: Ooookeeeeeee!!!
C-Zuru: ...This conversation is going nowhere fast... Uhm, are you girls always engaging in this sort of discussion...?
A-Ne: Haaah, well... only when we decide a group debate is necessary, but... every once in a while...
M-Chiru: Okay, here's my question! Why the heck did Yuuji say yes to that crazy request to "become my dad" in the first place!?
A-Ne: Well, like I said before, I bet he decided Makina really needed someone to play that role. And Yuuji's fundamentally pretty soft on younger girls, so...
M-Chiru: ...Huh? Really?
A-Ne: Back me up, Comrade K-Mine. Ever noticed that Yuuji treats you a little gentler than the rest of us?
K-Mine: Ah... uhm, well... yes...
A-Ne: I know, right? Think about it. The girls Yuuji casually pats on the head are all younger than him, right?
M-Chiru: ...Whuh!? C-Come to think of it, he's never done that to me! 
A-Ne: Uh, well, I think it's more that you'd probably snarl at him if he even tried...
M-Chiru: I-I would NOT! I wouldn't get angry or anything!
A-Ne: Really? Then why don't you let him know?
A-Ne: "If you want to stroke my head, I'll allow it! I won't get mad or anything!"
A-Ne: "But don't get the wrong idea! It's not like I WANT you to pet me or anything!" Or something...
M-Chiru: ...Wha! A-Are you... a genius...?
A-Ne: ...I've been getting that a lot lately... Well, whatever. Make a note, why don't you?
M-Chiru: Y-Yeah... good stuff...
K-Mine: A-Ne-san, are you saying Kazami-san hasn't petted your head...?
A-Ne: Yeah, not even once... Dunno. Maybe my head's a little awkward to pat? It's kind of high up compared to everybody else...
A-Ne: Aah, but there was that one time where I tried to surprise him with a sneak hug from behind, and he spun around and grabbed me by the crown of the head...
K-Mine: That sounds less like a pat on the head and more like an iron claw attack... 
A-Ne: How about you, Comrade S-Kaki? Never had your head patted either?
Y-Miko: ...No, I have not. I don't recall the two of us being that intimate in the first place.
M-Chiru: Well, Y-Miko probably seems like an even riskier choice than me, right? Kinda feels like she'd just sit there, not reacting at all. Maybe give you an ice-cold "What do you think you're doing?" for your troubles.
Y-Miko: ...I suppose I can't deny that. As a general rule, I don't particularly enjoy people touching my head. 
A-Ne: ...Uhm... I'm not sure if it's really okay for me to be asking this, but... how about you, Comrade C-Zuru? Ever had Yuuji pet you on the head?
C-Zuru: ...Don't be ridiculous. Of course not.
K-Mine: ...In this case, I would imagine the problem is indeed a simple matter of age.
C-Zuru: ...Wha...!
A-Ne: Aah... well, yeah. An over-the-hill lady panting like a lapdog while her student strokes her head would be a little creepy...
C-Zuru: ...Over... the...!?
K-Mine: A-Ne-san... your choice of words was unfortunate. Please retract and revise to "middle-aged woman."
C-Zuru: ...M-Middle-aged...
K-Mine: ...I'm rather reluctant to apply the term "aging," so I believe that would be roughly appropriate, yes.
C-Zuru: ...For some reason, I'm feeling pain... deep in my chest...
K-Mine: Perimenopausal symptoms, perhaps? Please do take care of yourself...
C-Zuru: Waaaaaaaah!!
A-Ne: Aaaah, there she goes at last...
Y-Miko: ...Why is it that we can't seem to stay on topic for more than thirty seconds at a time?
M-Chiru: Uhh, where were we again?
A-Ne: Uhhhm... to summarize, we were discussing Kazami Yuuji's suspected pedophilic tendencies.
Y-Miko: ...I'm sorry, how exactly did you "summarize" the discussion to arrive at that conclusion...?
A-Ne: C'mon, think about it. We're talking about ME here, you know?
M-Chiru: Uh, excuse me? I don't have a clue what you're talking about...
A-Ne: Not only do I have one helluva body with curves in all the right places, I'm an ultra-considerate slightly slutty big sister type, you know? Pretty much the dream woman for a boy around Yuuji's age!
A-Ne: Any red-blooded guy's gonna jump on me first and think later, right?
A-Ne: And what do I get instead? Every time I try a slightly proactive approach, he's all "You're annoying, woman," or "It's too damn hot for this," you know? What the heck's up with that? My pride as a woman's in tatters!
M-Chiru: Well, that creepy JB woman has ludicrously big breasts too, right? Maybe he's just sick of them by now?
A-Ne: Hmmm... maybe smaller breasts are just more to his taste after all...? Comrade S-Kaki, how many centimeters is your bust again?
Y-Miko: ...I'm sorry, but why exactly would I answer that question?
A-Ne: Comrade M-Chiru has a pretty decent chest compared to Makina, but... still a bit on the small side, right?
M-Chiru: I-I'm normal! Totally normal! Why is this turning into a discussion of our breast sizes, anyway!?
A-Ne: ...Okay then, I'm going to quit messing around and get straight to the heart of the matter. All right with everyone?
M-Chiru: S-Sure...?
A-Ne: Those opposed to Makina and Yuuji's relationship, please raise your hands...
M-Chiru: ............
K-Mine: ............
Y-Miko: ............
C-Zuru: ............
A-Ne: ...So that's none in opposition, then...? Okay, how many in favor? I approve, personally.
M-Chiru: Are you really okay with this, A-Ne...?
A-Ne: ...Well, I won't lie, it's a bit of a tough pill to swallow. But this is what Yuuji decided, so there's no point being stubborn about it, is there? And more importantly―
A-Ne: I kinda believe... I can trust him to take care of Makina, you know? So, yeah, I'm in favor!
K-Mine: ...I, too, want Maki-chan to be happy. I approve as well.
Y-Miko: As I believe I said, my approval or disapproval is irrelevant. They can do whatever they please and it's nobody's business but their own. But if you have to have an answer one way or the other... I suppose I approve.
A-Ne: I see. Thanks, everyone...
M-Chiru: Excuse me!? I haven't given my approval yet, for your information!
A-Ne: ...So you're opposed, then?
M-Chiru: I didn't say that, did I!? It's just, uhm... you know, I'm not... uuuuh...
K-Mine: Well, M-Chiru-sama is the sort who develops a burning urge to say "no" the moment everyone else says "yes," so...
M-Chiru: Hey, hey, hey! That's not true! Don't go making me the bad guy, okay!?
K-Mine: Then you approve...?
M-Chiru: ...Nngh... uggggh... F-Fine, whatever! I won't root for them or anything, but I'll allow the relationship! That's what you want, right!?
A-Ne: I wasn't trying to force you or anything. We're just checking how everyone wants to handle this. That said, I'm grateful for the support.
C-Zuru: Given my position, I can't exactly register strong support for such things... but so long as they maintain a basic standard of temperance, I'll offer my personal approval for this relationship.
M-Chiru: Temperance...? What's that mean...?
K-Mine: In this context, moderation and self-restraint. Hewing to common sense.
M-Chiru: Aah... so, like, "Use contraception!" or whatever?
Y-Miko: ...A rather extreme interpretation.
A-Ne: Oh, no need to worry on that front. I put a condom in Makina's purse a while ago. Told her to make sure her partner uses it when the time comes.
C-Zuru: ...That's extremely, uh, scrupulous of you... Perhaps even a little TOO scrupulous...? 
A-Ne: Huh? Isn't that par for the course?
M-Chiru: What kind of course are you playing on!?
A-Ne: Hmm. That's weird. I mean, my mom taught me this stuff when I turned fourteen...
Y-Miko: That strikes me as a little on the early side...
A-Ne: Aah, well, at fourteen I was already practically as tall as I am today... and there was this time when a weird guy started following me on the way back from school...
M-Chiru: ...Sounds like you've had a pretty hard road through life yourself... Everything okay?
A-Ne: Tall girls all get a little bit of that, you know? I've managed to get this far with my cherry intact, so it's no big deal.
C-Zuru: ...Uhm, I think we've spent more than enough time discussing cherries, yes? For the time being, it seems as though the group has reached something of a consensus...
A-Ne: Guess so. Don't get in their way, don't snarl at them, watch over them warmly... That sound about right?
Y-Miko: If that'll allow us to bring this ridiculous conference to a hasty conclusion, you have my full agreement...
K-Mine: I have no objection either...
M-Chiru: Uhmmm, wait... What're you saying, exactly?
K-Mine: ...Haaah...
M-Chiru: Hey! Don't give me the "This individual really is an utter idiot" glare and sigh combo! I just wanna be sure!
A-Ne: Okay, here's the deal. Nothing's really going to change.
M-Chiru: ...Uh, what?
A-Ne: We'll keep going just like we did before, but we're gonna try to be ready for the possibility of some dramatic changes in Makina and Yuuji's relationship. That's all it is.
M-Chiru: ...We had this whole big council just to decide that?
A-Ne: Well, I guess the whole "debate" about their relationship was more window dressing than anything else. The real point of this talk was to brace ourselves for what might be coming...
A-Ne: Anyway, M-Chiru, no need to think too hard about this. You might strain something.
A-Ne: Just be ready to shrug your shoulders and say "Well, guess that's how it goes" if those two end up getting married or whatever.  
M-Chiru: Wait, what!? They're getting married!?
A-Ne: Look, I'm just saying not to freak out if that does happen someday. Nobody knows how things will end up.
M-Chiru: ...Well, whatever. I can't stand drama, anyway. Just need to roll with it, right?
A-Ne: That's how it is. Well then, today's conference has officially concluded. I thank you all for your participation.
Date: *July 14, 2011, 17:40 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Makina: Grrrm... that wasn't nearly enough, ya know? A growin' body like mine can't get by on one lousy taiyaki! I'm sufferin' a severe case of mal-noo-trish-un!
Yuuji: I think a single pastry's more than enough of a snack. Unless you want Amane bawling you out when you can't eat dinner...
Narration: *―In the first place, I'm not too enthusiastic about the whole "snacking" concept. Eating outside your scheduled meal times throws off your body's rhythms, and can contribute to deterioration in overall physical condition.*
Narration: *If at all possible, I'd like to teach the girl not to indulge herself except as an occasional "reward."*
Yuuji: Also, if you eat too many of those things, that round little face of yours is going to end up getting even more circular.
Makina: Uuu... it just looks roundish, ya know? It ain't really that round!
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *I reach out and pinch Makina's puffy little cheeks between my fingers. Her skin's smooth but sticks tenaciously to my fingers, almost like an infant's.*
Narration: *You can tell just from squeezing her face that the girl's properly nourished. No doubt thanks to Amane's thorough nutritional management.*
Narration: *Well, the girl's not a fighter pilot or anything, so I suppose putting on a few extra pounds wouldn't pose any real problems...*
Makina: 'Aybe I otta'ry 'at wendy two 'age ryet...?
Narration: *Her cheeks still pinched between my fingers, Makina mumbles some variety of question. I tilt my head in puzzlement.*
Narration: *Something about a "22-Gauge Riot...?"*
Narration: *Never heard of a crowd-control shotgun with such a strange barrel size... Some new western model?*
Makina: ...Do ya hate chubby girls, Papa? Maybe I oughta try that trendy two-stage diet everyone's been talkin' about?
Yuuji: What, a diet...? Aah... well, there's no need to force yourself to lose weight unless it's posing some inconvenience or health risk.
Makina: Uu... but th' way my belly bumps out a little is startin' ta bug me...
Yuuji: You're all flab because you haven't developed your abdominal muscles. Want to try some simple training with me starting tomorrow?
Makina: Oooh! That's a cool idea!
Sachi: What a nice thought. Would you perhaps allow me to participate as well?
Makina: Oho? Sacchin?
Sachi: Welcome back, master and young miss.
Narration: *Holding her bamboo broom at one side, Sachi bows reverently.*
Yuuji: Master...?
Sachi: Yes. I am your daughter's servant, after all.
Yuuji: Oh, we're still doing that, are we...?
Makina: Yo, Sacchin! I have returned!
Sachi: Welcome back, young miss. Shall it be a bath? Your dinner? Or perhaps my body? 
Makina: Your body, wenchhhh!!!
Sachi: Kyaaaaaaah! Surely you jest!!!
Yuuji: You two sure get along...
Narration: *Sachi and Makina have always been friendly, of course.*
Narration: *―But for some reason, something seems a little off today.*
Narration: *Can't quite put my thumb on it, but... Sachi seems oddly tentative, almost... *
Narration: *They're squawking and messing around like always, but somehow Sachi's treating Makina a little more gingerly than usual. It feels a little artificial somehow, like I'm watching a play...*
Makina: Guhehehehe! Don't play hard to get, you little strumpet!
Sachi: ...Huh? Wha? Maki-chan... Errr? Uhm, you're really taking off... wah! M-My underwear! Don't pull on my underwear! It's going to come off! 
Makina: Yer a good girl, aren't ya, Sacchin...? Don't struggle and it'll all be over soon enough! Just lie back and think of England!
Makina: Well!? It's fine, right? I'll keep your cute little baby in clothing! Maybe I'll even send it to school! Guhehe-oh-heh! 
Sachi: Ah... uu...!
Yuuji: ...That's far enough, old man...
Makina: ...Owwwie!!
Makina: Hey, that really hurrrrt!
Yuuji: Well, I figured I needed to stage an intervention before you did something you'd live to regret...
Yuuji: And you, Sachi, how about fighting back a little? Look, your underwear's off.
Sachi: ...I'm sorry... for making such a disgraceful spectacle of myself...
Makina: He totally saw yer flappy-flaps!
Sachi: I'm not so misshapen as to warrant the word "flappy," I assure you. Accordingly, I'm not embarrassed in the slightest. It's true. Absolutely true. This doesn't bother me at all.
Sachi: In fact, I'm perfectly willing to set aside some time at a later date for a thorough private viewing, if you'd like.
Yuuji: ...Thanks for the offer, but I think I'll have to pass.
Narration: *Same as it ever was, huh...? Was it just my imagination after all?*
Narration: *―Or so I thought, but now it's Michiru's turn.*
Michiru: ...Hey, Makina. Here, you can borrow that manga you wanted to read...
Makina: Oh? Seriously? Thank ya kindly, Diedrich!
Michiru: Who's Diedrich supposed to be? Whatever. Don't go eating candy while you read and getting it all sticky, you got that!?
Makina: Thanks! Don't worry, I'll read it right away!
Narration: *Good as her word, Makina drops herself right down onto the lobby sofa and begins flipping through the manga, swinging her slippers loosely back and forth from the tips of her toes.*
Michiru: ...*Staaaaare*...
Yuuji: Hm? You need something?
Michiru: Okay, look. I loaned your daughter my manga, right? Don't you have anything to say to me!?
Yuuji: Uh, sure. Thanks...
Michiru: Wait... "thanks?" That's it!?
Yuuji: What else do you want me to do?
Michiru: I-If... If you want to stroke my head, I'll allow it, all right...?
Yuuji: ...Uh, what?
Michiru: D-Don't get me wrong, though! It's not like I lent her the manga because I wanted you to pet me or anything!
Yuuji: Aah... don't quite follow the logic there, but I think I get the general idea...
Narration: *When I casually reach out toward Michiru's head, the girl twitches like a startled rabbit and quickly takes a defensive posture.*
Michiru: ...Uu...
Narration: *What kind of incoherent thought process leads you to ask for a pat on the head, then try to ward it off...?*
Narration: *Ignoring Michiru's tense body language, I grab hold of her cranium like an NBA player seizing a ball, then proceed to roughly scratch my fingers through her hair.*
Yuuji: Appreciate it, Michiru.
Michiru: ...Y-Yeah...
Narration: *It's not like this is the first time Michiru's acted strangely.*
Narration: *―But once again, I felt something slightly "off" about her behavior this evening.*
Narration: *And it's not just Sachi and Michiru―*
Yumiko: ............
Narration: *Normally, Sakaki excuses herself post-haste the instant Makina's in the vicinity, but for some reason she's staying put today.*
Yuuji: ...Sakaki, my friend, why are you here?
Yumiko: ...You do say some strange things at times... Is it that unusual for me to be reading a book in the lobby?
Yuuji: No, not really, but... normally, you'd flee once Makina arrives.
Yumiko: I do not "flee." I simply excuse myself when it gets too noisy to read in peace... and also...
Narration: *Sakaki shoots Makina a glance out of the corner of her eye. The girl's sitting quietly on the sofa, knees folded in front of her, restlessly moving her eyes right and left across Michiru's manga.*
Yumiko: Even Irisu-san's harmless enough when she's reading.
Makina: All done!!
Yuuji: That was fast...
Makina: Hey, Chiruchiru! Where's th' next volume!?
Yuuji: Ah, Michiru's not around anymore. I gave her a little pat on the head, after which she squeaked "B-Bye!" and ran off at a sprint for some unknown reason. Probably back in her room, I guess?  
Makina: Gmmmm... that wasn't nearly enough readin' material! First th' taiyaki, now this? What an ultra-unsatisfyin' day...
Yumiko: ...I suppose there's nothing for it... Here, you can read this.
Makina: Oho? Whassis? BL again?
Yumiko: What do you mean, "again?" It's not as if I'm always reading BL...
Makina: So what is it then? One of them wish-fulfillment suckers where yer vaguely frumpy heroine suddenly gets super popular with tons of hotties for no apparent reason?
Yumiko: Yes! That's what I've got today! And if you don't like it, you don't have to read it!!
Makina: Ah, I'll totally read it! Let me at this mysterious tale of a mediocre maiden who only needs ta sit back and relax to get dozens of sexy guys fallin' in her lap!
Yumiko: ...I can't say I'm entirely satisfied with the way you phrased that request, but... fine, I'll let you borrow it. Can you try to read it quietly, please?
Makina: Yeeees!
Yuuji: Hey, Sakaki, tell me something...
Yumiko: Yes...?
Yuuji: What is this "BL" of which you speak?
Yumiko: ...Well, it's short for... b-bo... bo...
Yuuji: ...Bo?
Yumiko: Just shut up, will you? People are trying to read!
Yuuji: ...Huh? Wait, what did I do this time...?
Makina: Okay, so BL books're stimulatin' stories of young men makin' out with each other.
Yuuji: ...Hohoh...
Yumiko: You didn't have to explain that!
Makina: Yumi-chan's always got somethin' interestin' ta read, ya know? That dog book I borrowed th' other day was pretty cool too...
Yuuji: ...A dog book? Like a photo collection of puppies or something?
Makina: Nuh-uh, that ain't it. It was a novel written from th' doggie's point of view. Poor guy got deliberately starved as a puppy so they could turn him into a war dog... 
Makina: The endin' was pretty dang touchin', ya know?
Yuuji: ...Hoh...
Narration: *―Like Makina says, Sakaki's taste in literature is more broad than you might think. Even now, I'm still surprised by the stuff I find picking through her leftovers. *
Narration: *But at any rate...*
Yuuji: ...They do say military dogs have to be constantly starving for something. Can't be relied on otherwise.
Makina: Guess what, though? The war doggie retires from the army with lots of medals, gets taken in by a normal family, and ends up protecting their little girl by...  
Yumiko: Excuse me! Spoiling a book is very bad manners, you know!?
Makina: Ah, right. Sorry 'bout that...
Yumiko: Geez... Just sit there quietly and read, all right?
Makina: Yus!
Yumiko: ...Honestly...
Yuuji: Hrm. I'm a little surprised.
Yumiko: ...By what?
Yuuji: Seeing you have a halfway normal conversation with Makina.
Yumiko: It's not as though our interactions consist solely of me being harassed, you know? I can give as well as I get.
Yumiko: ...Also, I don't dislike Irisu-san half as much as you seem to think.
Yuuji: I see...
Yumiko: Well... not that I'm denying I have a difficult time dealing with her...
Yuuji: Sounds complicated.
Narration: *―Seriously though, what's going on here? I have the distinct feeling every last one of our classmates are being strangely kind to Makina today... *
Date: *July 14, 2011, 20:05 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Makina: Pwhaaaa! I done eaten all that I could eat! My stomach's full to th' brim!
Yuuji: You really gobbled that down... Did you even chew before you swallowed...?
Amane: And you're not actually done yet, now are you? Clean your plate, Makina.
Makina: Whaaaat? But my tummy's burstin' at the seams. Behold this tummy!
Amane: Whoa, it's bulging...
Makina: I know, right? If I eat any more, I'm gonna get super popular with th' chubby chasin' community.
Amane: Arrrgh, guess there's nothing for it... This is your fault, Yuuji. You shouldn't have let her snack between meals like that.
Yuuji: ...Yeah, my bad.
Amane: Well, it's no big deal. Makina, go ahead and get in the bath.
Makina: Yuuush! Papa, come in with me an' wash my hair!
Amane: What, you think Yuuji's going to barge in during the ladies' bathing time? I'll come wash your head once I've put away the dishes, so just run along and wait patiently.
Makina: Yuuush!
Amane: And don't bring in any toys other than your duck!
Makina: Yuuuuusssh!
Amane: Honestly... look at all this. What a waste.
Narration: *With a single remorseful sigh, Amane begins to tidy up the tableware in a vaguely motherly manner. Every few seconds, she absent-mindedly grabs a little of Makina's leftover food and tosses it in her mouth.*
Yuuji: Now I get it...
Amane: Hm? Get what?
Yuuji: That oversized body of yours. Makina's leftovers are clearly to blame.
Amane: Huh? W-What? Was I seriously eating just now...?
Yuuji: Completely unconscious, huh...? No wonder you ended up that way.
Amane: Ah, well... I just really have a hard time letting food go to waste, I guess... ahaha.
Yuuji: Nothing to be ashamed of. But given that, you sure let Makina off the hook awfully easy today...
Narration: *Normally, Amane'd force the girl to finish her food even if it meant enduring hours of begging and whining.*
Yuuji: For some reason, every last one of you people seems to have gone soft on Makina today... Did something happen while we weren't around?
Amane: Ahahaha... Ah, figures... Most of our girls are pretty clumsy about this sort of thing, aren't they...? Anyway, it's not like anything happened, but... well, no. I guess something sort of did?
Amane: ...After school today, we had a group meeting to register our opinions on your new relationship with Makina.
Yuuji: Aah... so that's why you all vanished so abruptly.
Amane: Well, yep...
Amane: Anyway, we more or less decided it was okay with us. Everybody pledged to watch over you guys with lukewarm semi-tenderness.
Yuuji: That "more or less" part bothers me a little, but... everyone approved?
Amane: Yeah. Honestly, I don't think they had any real reservations in the first place. It's just that... nobody here's got much experience with this sort of thing, so they didn't quite know how to deal with it.
Amane: In any case, nobody wanted to actually interfere.
Yuuji: No kidding...? That's something to be grateful for...
Amane: I mean, you decided to do everything you can for Makina's sake, right...? Nobody's going to get in the way...
Yuuji: ...I see...
Amane: Once a man sets his mind on something, he better stick to his guns. Understand, mister?
Yuuji: ...I'll bear that in mind.
Narration: *With that, the conversation ceases, and I simply watch Amane from behind as she quietly cleans the dishes...*
Narration: *From far away, there's the piercing sound of a siren; instantly, beads of cold sweat form on my brow. With an odd sense of detachment, I find myself reflecting on my newfound devotion to something other than the "national interest."  *
Narration: *A dog raised for his country trying to accomplish something of its own free will...? Hard to imagine that can amount to anything much. *
Narration: *But I suppose it has to be more meaningful than getting some cheap medal pinned on your collar.*
Narration: *For some reason, the burning wave of nausea seems to recede a little more easily than usual...*

Narration: *―But my admiration proves short-lived. After passing twenty, Sachi's pace begins to slow precipitously.*
Sachi: Hoo...ahh!...Hoo...ahh!
Yuuji: What's wrong!? Run out of momentum already!? Some maid you are!
Yuuji: Is that all your devotion to your master amounts to!? Don't disillusion me! Show some guts, dammit! Guts!
Narration: *As my abuse rains down from above, Sachi bites her lower lip fiercely― *
Sachi: ...Fuck Jap! Suck Jap!! Bitch Jap!!
Yuuji: ...Uh, you're a "Jap" yourself, you know...
Makina: Also, Ama-nee's th' only bitch we got around here.
Yuuji: Okay, that does it. Go have Amane give you a nice hard punch. On the double.
Makina: Huh? Why...?
Narration: *Is this girl under the impression that the term "bitch" means something along the lines of "sexy and cool"...?*
Sachi: ...Th-! Thirty! I'm done! Hoo-ah!!
Yuuji: All right! Not exactly earning your salary, but a respectable effort! At the very least, it's thirty better than a certain doughy little pastry-face managed! 
Makina: Ooh, that's harsh.
Yuuji: ...Why're you laughing? You do understand I'm talking about you, right?
Narration: *I knew that most of our students were "indoor types," but to be honest I hadn't imagined things would be quite this awful.*
Narration: *Not that I'm planning to start running my mouth about how soft kids are these days, especially considering I'm still in that category myself, but...*
Sachi: ...Maki-chan did spend a very long time in the hospital. Perhaps it would be best to initially focus on regaining an average level of physical endurance...?
Yuuji: You have a point... In that case, I guess strengthening the cardiovascular system comes first...
Makina: Yus! I can do that! People are always tellin' me I'm "strong-hearted," ya know!?
Narration: *I think they're probably just trying to find a nice way to say "completely brazen," but whatever. *
Yuuji: Well, anyway... let's go with some light cardio. No reason to stress those flimsy little joints, so... I'm thinking biking would be the best choice?
Narration: *Of course, I don't plan to have the girl push herself up between two desks and pedal the empty air, so we're going to need an appropriate bike...*
Sachi: Ah... if you're in need of a bicycle, I have one handy.
Yuuji: Is it small enough for Makina to use as well?
Sachi: Yes, that shouldn't be an issue. It's a "mini velo" model with very small wheels... A cute little folding bike. I'm certain it would very much suit Maki-chan.
Makina: Aah, that thing that came as a set with th' one maid uniform?
Yuuji: A maid uniform and bike set...?
Sachi: Indeed. Apparently it can even be fixed in front of your harness for parachute drops... The manufacturer professes it to offer unmatched on-the-spot mobility for reconnaissance missions in enemy territory.
Yuuji: Okay... is this designer a little off in the head or something...? Just what kind of hellish environments are these maids supposed to be working in...?
Sachi: Kazami-san, you're simply clinging to outdated prejudices. The age in which maids could get by as mere domestic helpers has long since passed.
Yuuji: ...As far as I knew, we hadn't yet reached the age in which maids are expected to suppress insurgents or perform solo recon missions behind enemy lines... Did something happen to Japan while I was away...?
Yuuji: ...Well, whatever. In any case, Makina, let's get you started on some aerobic exercise with the bike.
Makina: I've never... rode a bike before...
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Makina: Like I said, I've never even rode a bike. I had a driver an' a car an' all, so I didn't really need to. An' nobody ever taught me in th' first place.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *It's extremely easy to forget when you're looking at this stumpy little dough-face, but come to think of it Makina's technically a "little miss."*
Narration: *Not really that surprising that she wasn't biking around all over the place...*
Yuuji: Guess we'll have to start with teaching you to ride, then...
Narration: *As I massage the corners of my eyes, Makina thrusts her right hand into the*
Makina: Well! Let's take it easy, a'ight? One step at a time!
Yuuji: *Sigh*... Yeah, there's not exactly any other choice...
Sachi: Once she masters the bicycle, will parachuting be next on the agenda?
Yuuji: Somehow, I don't think she'll be needing that particular skill.
Narration: *―I may have become Makina's father, but that doesn't mean much of anything has changed.*
Narration: *The one noticeable difference is that she's now calling me "Papa." *
Narration: *A little embarrassing on the receiving end, but that's nothing new. "Onii-chan" felt just as ticklish.*
Narration: *That same afternoon, JB gave me a call on my cell. It was a very brief conversation - just told me she'd delivered all the materials she could on Irisu Makina to the Academy administration.*
Narration: *In other words, "If you want to know that badly, go ask Chizuru."*
Narration: *Accordingly, I'm currently making my way to the principal's office.*
Narration: *The sparkling floor of the hallway seems to have been thoroughly waxed recently, as every step I take produces a loud squeak. A modern take on the nightingale floor, perhaps? What a reprehensible woman.*
Yuuji: ...Chizuru, you in here?
Principal: ...Excuse me, but this isn't your girlfriend's apartment. Don't just barge in like you own the place. How many times do I have to tell you to knock before...
Yuuji: What difference does it make? Hurry up and take a shower. I'll be waiting.
Principal: Look, mister...
Yuuji: Just a joke. You already know why I'm here, right?
Principal: If you keep toying around with older women like that, one day you're going to get what's coming to you...
Yuuji: Am I? Well, feel free to elaborate on this theory next time I take you out to dinner.
Principal: ...As if you have the slightest intention of asking me to a meal...
Yuuji: It was an indirect way of saying "I don't want to hear it." Too subtle for you?
Principal: You really are a hopelessly nasty young man...!
Yuuji: JB got in touch, didn't she? Let me see the documents about Makina.
Principal: No! Way!
Yuuji: Hrm... that won't do. How can I get you to show them to me?
Principal: Apologize for your constant rudeness and promise that you'll listen to what your teacher says from now on! Then I'll let you see them!
Yuuji: That's an abuse of authority, Chizuru.
Principal: Yes, indeed, that it is! And I don't even care! I'll use every card I've got! I've had it up to here!
Yuuji: I see... Ends justify the means, eh? In that case, I guess I'll have to use every card I've got as well. That all right with you?
Principal: ...W-What are you planning to do...?
Yuuji: My master once beat a certain technique into me... a method guaranteed to make even the most stubborn woman spill her guts. It's a lengthy process, and frankly something of a pain to execute, but... it seems I have no choice...
Principal: ...W-Wait a second, okay!? Time out! I have a question!
Yuuji: Hm? Go ahead.
Principal: ...Is this method, er... somehow related to Eros...?
Yuuji: Tricky question... Interpretations tend to vary fairly widely depending on personal proclivities.
Yuuji: Come to think of it, back in the old days I once made JB apologize to me in tears using the method in question. She's never mentioned it?
Principal: Ah... uhm, I think I remember her saying "If that kid starts demanding crazy things in a sweet voice, run, don't walk!" or something of the sort...
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Might be a little odd to say this myself, but that would probably be wise. If you're going to run, kick off those shoes first. With heels like those, I'll catch you so quickly it won't even be any fun.
Principal: ...Y-You're not going to... hurt me, right...?
Yuuji: Come on, do I look like such a cruel man? If anything, in a few hours you'll have a pleasant new perspective on the whole concept of "pain." Nothing to worry about.
Principal: ...For some reason, that only sent a whole new wave of worry creeping up my spine...
Yuuji: On that note, Chizuru, I've got some good news for you. For a limited time only, we happen to be offering a special sale: fork over Makina's dossier, and all your worries will disappear. Pretty nice deal, right?
Principal: ...Fine, fine. Have it your way! I'll get them out for you, so just be patient for a minute.
Yuuji: You have my sincere gratitude for your time.
Principal: For a "dossier," I'm afraid it's nothing that special. Irisu-san's family takes its privacy quite seriously. I myself learned most of what I know only after asking Harudera-san...
Narration: *As she speaks, Chizuru presses her thumb against a fingerprint scanner and unlocks a small safe installed in her cabinet.*
Principal: And even she only had a limited amount of information. Guess it's to be expected from a clan so deeply rooted in the shady side of the political world... Okay, this is everything. It can't leave this room, so read it here.
Narration: *The A4-size envelope she hands me has the words "Removal Strictly Forbidden" scratched across the front in red pen.*
Yuuji: I'm not looking for intelligence on the Irisu, you know? I'm only interested in information on the individual Irisu Makina.
Principal: Well, learning about Irisu Makina means learning about the Irisu clan. After all, she was at the very heart of their "domestic feud" eight years ago.
Yuuji: ...Domestic feud...?
Principal: I'm not particularly knowledgeable about the details myself, and those documents are little more than a rough summary, but it seems there was a difference of opinion between the head of the family and Irisu-san's father.
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Well, I suppose that's worth reading...
Principal: Are you... serious about Irisu-san?
Yuuji: What do you mean?
Principal: You seem to have promised to "become her father" rather casually, but that's not going to be quite as simple as you think.
Yuuji: Yeah, I think I'm starting to understand that. I've got a vague feeling it's going to be a more troublesome job than I expected...
Yuuji: Even so, if Makina needs me, I want to do what I can for her.
Principal: ...You might come to regret that, you know?
Yuuji: I'm aware. But when and where it seems necessary, I take action first and sort out the pros and cons later. That's how "dogs" like us are trained.
Yuuji: If you find someone who needs help in a place you're obligated to protect, just do what needs to be done. Simple as that.
Principal: Did you pick up this blunt-force approach to life from the Americans?
Yuuji: How rude. I don't remember declaring "I am justice incarnate."
Principal: You shouldn't make Uncle Sam too angry, you know? He runs your parent company, remember? 
Yuuji: I hear that corporations where employees don't badmouth the higher-ups tend to go bankrupt in no time.
Principal: You have a retort for everything, don't you? Just once, I'd like to see you at a loss for words...
Yuuji: I picked up my sharp tongue from the Americans.
Principal: Well, whatever. I'll put some coffee on, so take your time.
Yuuji: Appreciate it.
Narration: *―Just as Chizuru warned me, the documents inside the envelope can't be called "detailed" by any stretch of the imagination.*
Narration: *The reports mainly focus on the history of the Irisu family: tracing their consistently flourishing enterprises from the pre-war era to today, describing their clan's structure and naming the houses considered their closest allies―*
Narration: *In particular, the careful analysis of the current major players' thought processes and religious ideologies - with an eye toward the risk they might pose to society - stands out as just the sort of meticulous work I'd expect from JB.*
Narration: *Since the woman hates relying on personal impressions or speculation in her reports, it feels as though less reliable "rumors" have been intentionally omitted―*
Narration: *While the information that's here appears to be solid, I can't deny that there isn't very much of it.*
Narration: *The directly relevant material begins with a biography of Makina's grandfather, a former bureaucrat in the Ministry of Finance. Apparently he was something of a social climber, joining the family by marrying the daughter of a superior.*
Narration: *Makina's own father likewise married into the family and took their name, but the real power in the Irisu clan was in the hands of his wife and mother-in-law.*
Narration: *And those women, essentially the shadow leaders of the Irisu enterprises, made use of their enormous influence to enrich their family through arrangements tinted an extremely dark shade of grey― *
Yuuji: When Makina's father realized that he'd been an unwitting participant in large-scale corruption, he took the Irisu's secret account book... and tried to come into contact with Naicho, but...

Principal: An unfortunate incident resulted in his death...
Narration: *Finishing the sentence as my voice trails off, Chiruzu reaches out to offer me a steaming mug of coffee.*
Principal: The "incident" in question being the kidnapping of Mr. Irisu Masataka's daughter... Irisu Makina.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *Accepting the mug from Chizuru, I continue flipping through the documents.*
Yuuji: ...A group of criminals who kidnapped Makina off the street on her way back from a language class submitted a ransom demand directly to her father. 
Yuuji: Just as they instructed, Mr. Masataka headed to the designated spot alone with the money, but was shot to death as he made the hand-off... 
Principal: ...Ballistic investigation revealed only that the bullets were fired from an unregistered nine millimeter handgun, so even eight years after the murder no credible clues to their identity have been discovered.
Yuuji: Following the murder, Irisu Makina was eventually rescued from the scene after spending... six days there...!? 
Principal: That's correct. Still tied up just as the criminals had left her, Irisu-san spent six full days imprisoned with her father's corpse―
Principal: When found, she was naturally very near her physical limits, but also suffering from severe emotional trauma.
Yuuji: ...So that's why she was hospitalized...
Principal: You could say that incident is the cause of the strange behavior you see in Irisu-san today. Before her hospitalization, she was such a remarkably gifted child as to be called a "prodigy"...
Principal: But after the incident, it seems she spent two full years in a completely uncommunicative state―
Principal: It took another year after that before she could consistently answer yes or no questions... and two more before she could coherently put her thoughts into words...
Principal: Yet another year passed before she once again became capable of expressing normal human emotions... In other words, it was only a few years ago that she gained the capacity for normal conversation... 
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *Shutting the manila folder, I slip it back into the envelope and return it to Chizuru.*
Principal: ...Are you done already?
Yuuji: Yeah. I've got the general idea. No need to keep going.
Principal: You don't want to see any more...?
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
Principal: Irisu-san's past... does have some similarities to your own, doesn't it? I was wondering if you were recalling some painful memories... I'm sorry.
Yuuji: Is that the reason you were so reluctant to show me this?
Principal: ...I suppose. I didn't exactly want to make you remember a past like that.
Yuuji: Denying the past doesn't change who you are today. And thanks to my master, I'm still standing...
Principal: ...I'm sorry, I'm going to ask a strange question... When all's said and done, can you look back and say "I'm glad I survived"...?
Yuuji: Well, I've got myself through plenty of situations where death might've been the easier choice... Guess I've been trained well enough to treasure survival for its own sake...
Yuuji: ...Also... I still haven't found the reason I was born, and I haven't even begun to repay the kindness of the woman who saved my life.
Yuuji: So in that sense too, I'm glad I haven't ended up dead yet... 
Principal: ...I see.
Yuuji: Sorry for asking the unreasonable.
Narration: *I drain the coffee Chizuru brewed for me to the dregs in a single gulp, then place the empty cup on her desk.*
Yuuji: Kind of a shame, though. You went out of your way to show me the dossier, but there was only one piece of information in the whole thing beyond what I'd already expected.
Principal: ...And what was that?
Yuuji: I'm a little surprised that Makina has a little sister. I was positive that girl was an only child.
Principal: ...They may be sisters, but it seems they have different fathers. I rather doubt it was a typical sibling relationship...
Yuuji: Well, before that, the idea of Makina as a "big sister" just seems wrong somehow.
Principal: ...True enough.
Narration: *After thanking the principal for the information and her coffee, I promptly leave the office. As I stroll slowly down the hallway toward our classroom, I reconsider the intelligence once more.*
Narration: *In the end, the information directly concerning Makina herself accounted for maybe a fifteenth of the total at best.*
Narration: *―In childhood, she was apparently so talented as to earn the label of "prodigy."*
Narration: *Hard to believe when looking at the airheaded doofus we know today, but when you give the matter careful thought, some faint remnants of that brilliance have been in evidence every once in a while.*
Narration: *From a very young age, Makina was raised reverently as a child genius, but most of her family was only really interested in converting that talent into hard cash. Same story everywhere you look, I guess...*
Narration: *In a house filled with people who viewed her as nothing more than a tool, Makina's one and only true ally was her father.*
Narration: *Irisu Masataka was an up-and-coming future elite who'd earned superb grades at a top-flight national university, but unfortunately happened to suffer from a distinctly timid and unambitious personality―*
Narration: *And ever since meeting Makina's mother in his school days, she'd apparently exercised an absolutely dominating influence over him.*
Narration: *Given how faint of heart the man was by nature, it's easy to imagine how anguished and torn he must have been when he discovered his family's deep involvement in large-scale corruption―*
Narration: *In the end, he must have decided to live honestly for Makina's sake, even if it meant betraying the rest of his new family.*
Narration: *But―*
Yuuji: ...That was a mistake.
Narration: *Far too many important people would've found themselves in a seriously disadvantageous position if the Irisu clan's records were to be made public.*
Narration: *Most likely, the for-profit kidnapping was a ruse devised by his own family - using his daughter as bait, only to kill him in front of her eyes.*
Narration: *A clueless bystander in all this, Makina was left tied up in her prison for six days with her father's rotting corpse. Hardly surprising that her mind would be deeply damaged.*
Narration: *I can't speculate on why they chose to sacrifice the main family's eldest daughter, but after the incident Makina was removed from her natural position as the future leader of the clan.*
Narration: *On paper, she's undergoing continuing medical care for an undisclosed illness, but in reality she's been effectively disowned. Her younger sister's been given her place as the family's heiress.*
Yuuji: ...Her beloved father, the only ally she had in the world, died before her eyes... and then she was thrown out of her house as an unwanted child, huh...?
Narration: *Pretty shitty luck all around. That said, I'm not about to let myself pity the girl.*
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, this all sounds like a massive pain in the ass. On a purely practical level, it'd probably be wisest not to get too deeply involved.*
Narration: *But running away at this point would be far too irresponsible.*
Narration: *Misfortune isn't so unusual. I had my share. The world's got quite a few people who didn't grow up under pleasant circumstances in it.*
Narration: *But I was lucky enough to eventually meet my "master," a person who decisively changed my life for the better. Her help became a huge turning point for me.*
Narration: *If someone were to ask me now how I feel about my life, I can probably answer "I'm happy enough" in all sincerity.*
Narration: *Staying alive is a good thing in itself. As long as you keep going, someday you'll find happiness; someday you'll become useful to someone. The day will come when you earn someone's gratitude. That's why I'm still going. *
Narration: *It was my master that gave me the strength of will to believe those things...*
Narration: *I close my eyes, inhale deeply, and ask myself the crucial question once more.*
Yuuji: Can I really do something for Makina, like my master did for me...?
Narration: *I looked at those documents in an attempt to understand the thing I wanted to protect. But I was also slightly uneasy that knowing the truth might complicate or weaken my determination.*
Narration: *Unfounded worries. I'm not going to give an inch.*
Narration: *Not one inch.*
Narration: *Maybe the real reason I looked over that dossier was to confirm my confidence in myself.*
Yuuji: ...There's no problem. Kazami Yuuji can't do everything well, but there's nothing he can't do at all.
Narration: *And if I'm not good at something, I can just take the time to improve. I'm not half bad at that sort of sober effort.*
Narration: *Finally reaching this conclusion, I realize that I've been standing still in the hallway for some time, lost in thought.*
Narration: *I glance at the watch on my wrist. The time's 16:57.*
Narration: *When five in the afternoon approaches, I still can't help thinking "Which direction was the flag, again?" Old habits really do die hard.*
Narration: *I casually look out the window with a wry smile on my face, only to find my classmates approaching the school gate with hoes and small shovels in their hands.*
Yuuji: Ah, right, it was gardening class...
Narration: *By nurturing something, you gain confidence in yourself. Taking on a moderate responsibility that leads to visible "fruits of your labor" helps encourage independence― *
Narration: *On top of which, you're making a useful contribution to society. That's the general idea behind the horticulture lessons at Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *Of course, "We're raising broadly competent individuals with exposure to everything from information technology to agriculture!" is also a nice line for the brochures.*
Narration: *But if you look at it a little differently, this school is sort of like a BBQ joint that also offers sushi and ramen. Feels vaguely shady somehow. *
Narration: *They've already finished up their lesson at the farm we borrow for the purpose, and all that's left now is putting away the tools. A little strange for me to join in this late in the game. Still, I make my way toward the front entrance.*
Date: *July 15, 2011, 17:00 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Makina. Just you?
Makina: Oho? Where ya been, Papa?
Yuuji: Hrm... had a minor errand to take care of. I went to see Chizuru.
Makina: Ooh, gotcha. Welp, guess that makes sense. Gotta stick some stuff in Chizuchizu's sewage pipe every once in a while or it'll get all blocked up, right? Appreciate yer efforts.
Yuuji: ...You're as foulmouthed as a marine, I swear... Amane wouldn't be pleased to hear you talking like that, you know? Where is she, anyway?
Makina: Ama-nee's over there if ya need her.
Narration: *Makina points behind her, indicating a red tractor that's making its way toward a storage building on the edge of the school grounds.*
Narration: *A white towel rolled around her neck and a big straw hat on her head, Amane laughs merrily in the driver's seat and smoothly shifts gears from "tortoise" to "hare."*
Yuuji: That sort of thing really suits her, doesn't it...?
Makina: Ama-nee loves th' heck outta anythin' with an engine and wheels!
Yuuji: So what happened to the others?
Makina: Yumi-chan wrote up our report fer today and went to turn it in to th' teacher. Chiruchiru fell into a ditch after th' lesson was over, so she's off takin' a shower. 
Yuuji: What's with that girl's pathological bad luck...? Must've been a real monster in her past life... Well, whatever. Where's Sachi?
Makina: Sacchin's over yonder!
Narration: *Sachi, her back turned to us, seems to be vigorously washing her hands in a nearby water fountain. In maid uniform, as always.*
Sachi: ...Nn... ugh... ah... haah... nnngh... ah... haa... a-aah... haa, haa...
Makina: Girl's washin' her hands like crazy fer some reason. She got that whatchamacallit disorder, or what?
Sachi: ...Haah... it won't come out... ah, nngh... it won't come out... ah, haah... nn... hah...
Narration: *The girl obstinately continues scrubbing away at her hands, quietly mumbling lines that wouldn't be out of place in some low-budget horror movie. Can't deny it's a vaguely bloodcurdling little scene.*
Yuuji: ...For some reason... just listening to her voice makes it sounds weirdly sexual in a way... Maybe I'm just a little too sensitive...?
Makina: Nah, it ain't just you! Kinda sounds like a girl who got raped sobbin' as she washes out her private parts in the park fountain ta me!
Yuuji: ...Did you have to actually come out and say that? I went out of my way to be nice and vague, you know...
Makina: Uu? No kiddin'? My bad...
Sachi: ...Uhm... I believe I overheard some rather improper whispers concerning me...?
Yuuji: Well, we were just wondering why you were washing your hands so frantically, I guess. 
Sachi: Ah. My hands rather reeked of wood vinegar after the lesson, and the smell didn't want to come out...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Sachi holds out her hands to demonstrate. There's still a faint scent reminiscent of burned lumber lingering on her skin.*
Makina: Sacchin's such a slutty maid she can even make washin' her hands look obscene!
Sachi: ............
Yuuji: Sachi, my friend, feel free to flip out.
Sachi: ...Kazami-san, if given a choice between a normal maid and a slutty maid... I assume you would prefer the latter, yes?
Yuuji: Hrm, indeed. A slutty maid would definitely be nicer to have around the place.
Sachi: Then it's all right. I accept my slutty maid status.
Yuuji: ...Seriously?
Makina: Okay then! I'm the slutty daughter!
Yuuji: ...Do you even know what you're saying?
Narration: *Shaking my head as Makina cackles innocently, I happen to glance down and notice that she's got a single plant in a plain clay pot sitting at her feet.*
Yuuji: ...Hm? What's that thing?
Makina: Apple!
Sachi: Elephant!
Yuuji: Trumpet! ...Wait, were we playing the word chain game? I think not...
Makina: So guess what? Th' teacher gave us an apple seedling today. I'm gonna plant it!
Yuuji: An apple seedling, huh... Isn't raising an apple tree actually pretty difficult?
Sachi: It's certainly not easy, but the one Maki-chan's going to plant is supposedly a "self-fruitful" variety that can be fertilized by its own pollen. Comparatively speaking, it shouldn't require too much attention.
Yuuji: Hmmm...
Makina: It might be a teensy ankle-biter of a saplin' now, but in a few years it'll be overflowin' with bright-red apples!
Makina: Eat 'em raw? Sure! Make a jam? You bet! Fill a pie? Hell yeah!
Makina: I can't stop grinnin' just from imaginin' it! Once it bears some fruit, I'll let ya have some too, Papa!
Yuuji: ...I see... That's something to look forward to.
Narration: *Before I know it, I'm reaching out a hand for Makina's head. Pushing my fingers through her fuzzy mass of hair, I roughly scratch at the scalp underneath. The girl half-closes her eyes and makes a strange little purring grunt sound.*
Yuuji: ...Was the class fun?
Makina: You betcha! I love me some mud wrasslin'!
Yuuji: Mud wrestling...?
Sachi: I believe she's simply referring to "playing with dirt." For a city girl, Maki-chan is remarkably comfortable in the field... If you leave her alone, she'll spend hours messing around and shrieking happily.
Makina: Papaaa! Mud wrasslin' feels so goood! Squishy, sticky mud! Churn it up! Make me a soakin' sloppy mess! Mud me up good!! But not that much!! I'll bweeaak! Ohoooooh!
Yuuji: ...Okay, I get that you love mud, but... that just now was really cutting it close in a lot of ways... No, maybe over the line entirely? And cut it out with the "ohooooh." You sound like a constipated yak.
Sachi: Incidentally, I also enjoy gardening class very much, and had a great deal of fun today. 
Yuuji: Yeah? That's good.
Sachi: ............
Yuuji: ...Hm? Something wrong?
Narration: *Smiling brightly and saying nothing, Sachi thrusts out her cranium in my direction.*
Narration: *...What's this supposed to be? She's asking me to pet her head, I guess...?*
Yuuji: ...I don't entirely understand, but...
Narration: *Just like I did for Makina, I grab hold of Sachi's head, stick my fingers between her hair, and scratch away vigorously―  *
Narration: *Apparently this tickles more than the girl had expected, as she responds uncharacteristically with a high-pitched little squeal.*
Amane: I had fun too, ya know!
Yuuji: ...Whoa!?
Narration: *All of a sudden, Amane's popped up out of thin air. While doing a decidedly grating imitation of Makina's voice, she pokes her head forward at me just like the others.*
Yuuji: ...What the hell is this...?
Narration: *Don't tell me someone's been spreading rumors about the mystical power of my head-pats to improve grades or something?*
Narration: *When a woman this massive thrusts her head at me, it almost feels like I'm being charged by a water buffalo...*
Narration: *But judging it wisest not to express this thought, I simply reach out for Amane's head. Pushing my fingers through her mane, I firmly scrape my fingernails against her scalp.*
Amane: Nhoooh! No way! This feels crahaazy good! Might make a habit outta this!
Yuuji: So ridiculous... You're not going to get any smarter from this, you know? And don't say "nhoooh," dammit.
Amane: Ah... Yuuujiii? Geez, where're you going?
Yuuji: Classes are over for the day. I'm going back to the dorm.
Makina: Ahn! Wait up, Papa! Let's go back t'getheeer!
Yuuji: ...As if I can walk while dragging this swarm of women behind me... Give me a damn break...
Amane: Hmmmm? What was thaaat?
Yuuji: Nothing. Talking to myself.
Sachi: Goodness gracious, what a hopeless tsundere we have here...
Amane: This coming from the guy who pulls Makina around by the hand with a simpering grin on his face when they're alone? Seriously.
Sachi: The "tsundere" is a duality, after all. Switching to "dere" mode when all alone is most likely standard procedure.
Amane: Hmmmph. Well, good for him! Hey, Makina, c'mere. I'll hold your hand.
Makina: Yeah, thanks!
Narration: *I like to think I've gotten used to this place by now, but when I'm faced with this strange sort of female solidarity... you know, the whole "Group bathroom visits" kind of thing... I have to admit I still don't entirely fit in.*
Narration: *Forming a tight clump, the girls conduct a whispered conversation of some sort. All I make out is some cryptic mutterings along the lines of "I guess Sakaki's the only one left to go..."*
Narration: *Only a few minutes ago, I boasted that there's nothing I can't do... but there definitely are things I'm never going to be particularly good at.*
Narration: *Even so, maybe there will come a day when I'll look back and be sincerely thankful I had something like this in my life. Maybe.*

Principal: ...Write your name on this document, and have your guardian stamp it here.
Narration: *The gist of it seems to be that "the Academy assumes absolutely no responsibility whatsoever," and so on and so forth. Ignoring the legalistic obfuscations, the real message is "If you have to work part-time, don't cause us any trouble."*
Narration: *As for the matter of the "guardian" who's supposed to give their approval, that would of course be Makina's parents. But her father's gone... and her mother's apparently overseas, so that's hardly a realistic option either.*
Narration: *In that case, as her "father" (however provisionary) I'm probably the most qualified to affix my mark in their place. I stamp a thumbprint next to the name "Irisu Makina," and proceed to submit the document.*
Date: *July 23, 2011, 20:50 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: Wait, seriously? Makina got a part-time job?
Narration: *An unusually tidy-looking Michiru stares up at me wide-eyed, patting her hair with a towel. Presumably fresh out of the bath.*
Michiru: What the heck? Is she that hard up for money?
Yuuji: Money isn't the issue. Just getting a little hands-on experience in the adult world.
Michiru: The adult world, is it...?
Narration: *Michiru frowns dubiously. Fundamentally, students using phrases like "experiencing the adult world" tend to be dressing up somewhat less innocent motives...*
Narration: *Accordingly, it's probably difficult to take the words at face value.*
Sachi: Personally, I think it's an excellent idea. Because Maki-chan's safe inside this school, she's able to be the innocent, free-spirited individual we all know―
Sachi: But while it may be easy to forget, her fear of strangers is well outside the pale of normality. Stepping out into society through a part-time job would doubtless be a valuable experience.  
Michiru: But it's "the" Makina we're talking about here, you know? Can she really handle a job?
Narration: *In response to Michiru's admittedly somewhat reasonable question, Sachi shakes her head softy.*
Sachi: I'm not certain that whether she "can" or "can't" is very important right now. For the moment, I believe demonstrating the will to overcome her weaknesses is what really matters...
Yuuji: Exactly right. You've got a good head on your shoulders, Sachi.
Sachi: ...You're too kind...
Michiru: Just the sort of line I'd expect from a teacher's pet. But talk is cheap, right?
Sachi: ...What do you mean by that, exactly?
Michiru: Anybody can mouth the words and show off their "will" to improve. But unless you get results, what's the point?
Yuuji: Oh? Are you some kind of self-help expert now?
Michiru: But of course! I constantly make every effort to better myself! Once I set my mind on something, I don't give up easily, you know?
Yuuji: Well, you're good at mouthing words to that effect, anyway.
Michiru: ...Grr, what the heck... You don't believe me!?
Yuuji: Look, when push comes to shove you always have Sachi bail you out, right? Whenever anything happens, it's "Sachiii! Sachiii!"  
Yuuji: Hell, you were screaming for her in the middle of the night just the other day.
Michiru: T-That was just...! C'mon...! There was a friggin' cockroach in my room! And Sachi's in charge of managing the dorm, right? So cockroach management is totally her job!
Yuuji: ...You're just spouting gibberish now... At this rate, you're going to end up unable to tie your own shoes without Sachi around.
Michiru: ...Guh... t-that's not...!
Sachi: ...Well, uhm... I don't regard it as a nuisance. It's not a bad feeling to have people who rely on me...
Yuuji: Stop spoiling the girl. You're turning her into a useless lump.
Michiru: I-It's not like I want to be spoiled or anything! Sachi wouldn't have enough to do if I didn't give her orders, right!?
Michiru: Yeah! I'm giving Sachi work for her sake, not mine!
Yuuji: What the hell are you saying...? I mean, yeah, some capitalist hiring a new employee does invigorate the economy, but it's not like you're paying the girl an appropriate wage for her labors...
Michiru: Don't throw your fancy words at me! I don't get it!
Yuuji: Behold, Sachi. The road was paved with good intentions, but this is where it brought you.
Sachi: ...Er, well... please don't blame Michiru-sama... As you say, there's much I need to reconsider as well...
Yuuji: You really are a good girl, aren't you...? Think that warrants some praise. Get over here.
Narration: *I reach out and rub Sachi's head roughly, working my fingers around her frilly hairband.*
Sachi: ...Ah...
Michiru: What the heeeeck is this!? You're acting like I'm some kind of problem child or something!
Yuuji: Well, if the shoe fits...
Michiru: Fine, I get it! You want me to stop relying on Sachi so much, right!? If I overcome my weaknesses I'll be a good girl too, right?! I get the picture! I'll show you what I can do! Just you wait and see!! 
Yuuji: Easy enough to mouth the words. The instant you actually run into trouble, you'll be clinging to Sachi again in no time.
Michiru: That's so not true! Okay, Sachi, listen up! Next time I try to run away from something I hate, don't you dare let me! No more spoiling! 
Sachi: ...Erm, are you quite certain...?
Michiru: So certain! Understood!? Repeat your orders!
Sacchi: Ah... yes... I, Komine Sachi, do solemnly swear not to spoil Michiru-sama...
Michiru: There we are! Well done! Okay then, my throat's dry from shouting. Go fetch me something to drink! 
Sachi: Yes, right away...
Yuuji: ...You people just don't get it, do you?
Michiru: ...Huh? Get what?
Yuuji: No, just forget it...
Narration: *Michiru needs Sachi, and Sachi needs Michiru. At least, that's the sense I get when I watch the two of them like this. *
Narration: *This relationship seems to have found its own delicate balance. Trying to crudely rearrange it this late in the game would be unreasonable.*
Narration: *But when you look at it that way―*
Yuuji: ...Maybe sending Makina out into the working world was a little hasty of me after all...?
Michiru: Well, it sure seems crazy reckless to me, but... it's not like she can just stay locked up inside this school forever, right?
Michiru: In fact, Amane used to try pulling Makina around by the hand when she went shopping or whatever. Y'know, to try and get her a little more comfortable in the outside world...
Yuuji: But that's just...
Michiru: Yeah. That's just gonna turn her into someone who won't go outside unless someone pulls her there, right? Amane thought the same thing. Wracked her brains trying to find something else she could do.
Michiru: So, yeah, I'm pretty nervous about this whole part-time job idea, but sometimes the risk-free approach just doesn't cut it, you know?
Yuuji: ...Hoh... so even you can make a coherent point every once in a while...
Michiru: Do you think I'm a total idiot, or what?
Yuuji: What, you're not?
Michiru: Okay, maybe I can't deny it too strongly! But just for future reference, the way you say stuff like that right to people's faces is NOT going to win you many friends! 
Sachi: I do apologize for the wait, Michiru-sama...
Narration: *Our conversation is interrupted by a prompt beverage delivery. Smiling brightly, Sachi places a glass containing cloudy liquid and ice on the table in front of Michiru with a solid "thunk."*
Narration: *Michiru favors her servant with a lordly nod and a magnanimous "well done," then immediately reaches out for the tumbler.*
Michiru: ...Well, anyway. Pursuing personal growth is certainly a splendid thing, but I'd appreciate it if you could avoid making nuisances of yourselves...
Narration: *Even as she speaks, Michiru brings the drink Sachi provided to her lips, then gulps down a mighty swig.*
Michiru: ...Blrfweh...!!
Michiru: ...Bweeh! Bghah! Bwoh! Bweeeh!!
Narration: *An instant later, Michiru's eyes jerk open wide; and then, still clutching the glass in one white-knuckled hand, she crumbles to the floor. Knees trembling against the ground, she begins to yelp like a distressed weasel.*
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama? What seems to be the matter?
Michiru: ...*Hack*... What th... Sachi... what... is this!?
Sachi: ...What, you ask? It's one hundred percent purity powderized citric acid, diluted into freshly squeezed lemon juice. What of it?  
Michiru: Excuse me!? You know I can't deal with sour stuff, right!? Did you do this on purpose!?
Sachi: Indeed. I thought I might encourage you to overcome one of your weaknesses, thereby enriching your life.
Michiru: If people could get rich by drinking sour stuff, we'd have world peace in five minutes flat!
Sachi: I do apologize, but I don't have the slightest idea what you're trying to say... 
Michiru: Why not!?
Sachi: Rather than continuing with this incomprehensible prattle, kindly finish your drink.
Michiru: ...Eeeek...!
Sachi: ...And where exactly do you think you're going, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: Ahhh! Nooo...!
Narration: *Nimbly shifting course, Sachi pulls Michiru's legs out from under her as she scrambles desperately to escape―*
Narration: *And then, with an elegant flutter of her long skirt, the maid plunks herself down on her wriggling mistress's stomach.*
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama? You still have quite a lot left to drink... 
Michiru: D-Don't want it anymore! I'll give the rest to you! You drink it!
Sachi: ...I'm afraid I can't do that. You see, I was recently ordered to prevent you from running from your weaknesses. And therefore... I, Komine Sachi, shall bring the full brunt of my skill to bear on this mission...
Sachi: <Please... open your mouth...>
Narration: *Still straddling Michiru, Sachi grabs hold of her chin; and in a reasonable facsimile of a KGB agent forcing a captive to drink huge amounts of water to wash away the traces of a truth serum, she violently presses the glass to her mouth.*
Sachi: <...Let's... drink!>
Michiru: ...Gorph!! Ogeh!! Bwaaah!! Shour!! Bweeh! Nwah! My eyes! My eyes are twitching!! So shourrrrrrr!!!
Sachi: ...It is delicious, isn't it? Come now, swallow it all down. Don't leave one drop... Yes, that's the way. Drink while snuffling like a pig at its trough...
Michiru: ...Gehoh! Gohoh! I-I can't... swallow all this... Have mercy...!
Sachi: ...Are you trying to be cute now? Playing the "unintentionally erotic" card? Some tsundere you are... 
Michiru: G-Gyaaaah! Don't splash it on my face! I just got out of the bath!!
Sachi: ...You know... When I see Michiru-sama suffering like this, a little shiver runs down my spine. I wonder why...?
Michiru: It's a super-sadiiiiiiiist!!
Sachi: By nature, I am a masochist. But as you seemed to want me to play the sadistic role, I took it upon myself to do so. When called upon, I possess the potential to remake myself to suit whatever proclivities are demanded...
Sachi: This is the essence of Komine Sachi, renowned for her 100% customer satisfaction record... the number one bestseller mail-order maid!
Michiru: You're not even making sense anymore!!
Sachi: ...Get a quote online today.
Michiru: Bwuho!! Listen, please, just stop forci... Buwhooh! Forcing me to...! Mwoh! Wait! No! Glugh! Waaaaaaaaah!!
Yuuji: What can I say...? You two really get along, don't you? Ha ha ha!
Michiru: Excuse me! Hello!? Yuuji!? Don't just sit there going "Ha ha ha!" Stop chortling and help me! Get this super sadist of a maid off me!!
Yuuji: ...Sorry, what? Didn't quite catch that... My hearing really seems to be going these days...
Michiru: Shkrew you!!!
Sachi: Michiru-sama...? Your pronunciation is growing rather sloppy.
Michiru: Becaushe you keep pou'ing it down m...! Owwweeh! *Hack!* Gahagghh!! 
Yumiko: ...I was wondering what all that racket was about... What on earth are you people doing...?
Michiru: ...Gebohoh!! Jubiko! Shelp me!!!
Yumiko: Who's this "Jubiko" supposed to be...?
Michiru: Not now! Hurry up and help me! I mean, uh, please help me!!
Yumiko: ...Oh, heavens... Komine-san?
Sachi: Yes? What can I do for you?
Yumiko: You're making an utter mess. Who do you expect to clean the floor?
Sachi: I expect that I will.
Yumiko: ............
Yumiko: ...Ah... come to think of it, you probably will. Carry on, then...
Michiru: You traaaaaaaitor!!
Yuuji: All right, all right, don't burst a blood vessel... Hey, Sachi.
Sachi: <Yes, Boss?>
Yuuji: Why don't you let the girl off the hook? Michiru's learned her lesson. I'm sure she'll drink the rest of it on her own... right, Michiru?
Michiru: Yeah, sure! I'll drink the stupid thing! That's all you want, right!?
Sachi: ............
Michiru: I misspoke! Please, allow me to drink it! I'll drain every drop! I'll drink until my belly's bulging!
Sachi: ...I see. A very admirable state of mind indeed...
Michiru: ...Uuu... what a nightmare...
Yumiko: How did it come to this in the first place? Would anyone like to explain?
Yuuji: Good question... Well, we started off talking about "overcoming weaknesses," but...
Narration: *I provide a brief summary of the situation, beginning with Makina's decision to take the part-time job.*
Yumiko: ...Hmmm... Irisu-san working at a bakery, eh...?
Yuuji: Well, she's basically just helping out a little around the store during break. But I was hoping a little interaction with people outside the school might help the girl get over her shyness. And teach her some common sense.
Sachi: ...Overcoming weaknesses is a truly splendid thing, so while we were at it I thought I might encourage Michiru-sama to overcome her hatred of sourness. The result being the scene you witnessed just now.
Michiru: If you love overcoming weaknesses so much, how about you overcome some of your own!? You've gotta have a few! Confess! 
Sachi: ...As a matter of fact, I have a great deal of difficulty dealing with Kazami-san.
Yuuji: ...Me?
Sachi: Indeed. A pat on the head from you, much less a gentle embrace, could send such intense shivers down my spine as to leave me completely immobilized. You are perhaps my greatest weakness...
Michiru: ...Kuh...!
Yuuji: ...I see... I wasn't aware, but I guess that's no excuse. I've been patting your head pretty thoughtlessly, haven't I? Sorry about that.
Sachi: Not at all! Overcoming your weaknesses is a very important aspect of personal growth! If you notice that I've let my guard down, please feel free to stroke my head! Any time!  
Michiru: Sachi!! That's a dirty trick, you know!?
Sachi: ...I'm sorry? Did you request a refill on that citric acid-infused lemon juice...? 
Michiru: Did your ears fall off or something!? Better go find them!!
Yuuji: ...Not to change the subject, but what are you all doing for summer vacation?
Yumiko: ...What do you mean, "what?"
Yuuji: Just wondering if you were planning on working part-time. Or heading home or what have you.
Yumiko: ...Well, I don't particularly... have any plans to work, and I don't think I'll be going home either...
Michiru: Yeah, me too... I'll just be hanging around the dorm, I guess...
Sachi: I also have no particular plans for employment, and returning "home" isn't exactly an option...
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *Watching a gloomy atmosphere spread uniformly around the room, I wince a little inwardly. Seems like I shouldn't have asked this particular question.*
Michiru: W-Well, what about you then!?
Yuuji: Me? Well, let's see... I don't have a home to go back to, but I guess there's a possibility I'll be called to my part-time job every once in a while...
Yuuji: Aah, right. I'm also planning to visit a grave.
Sachi: ...A grave... is it?
Yuuji: My master's grave is up the mountains in Yamanashi. Gets completely overgrown with weeds unless I clean it up once a year.
Sachi: Cleaning is my speciality. Shall I help?
Yuuji: It's all right, I want to do it myself. That's sort of what you do when you visit a grave, right?
Sachi: Ah... yes... I'm sorry, that was rather forward of me...
Yuuji: Well, I appreciate the thought.
Makina: Nnnahoooooy! Sachiiiiiin! Th' bath be open!! 
Narration: *―Our conversation is interrupted by the arrival of a fresh-faced shrimp with a big grin on her face. Amane follows in her wake.*
Narration: *Makina's arm is curled around a hot pink wash basin... containing not only the usual bath towel and soap, but also perhaps the single creepiest-looking mutant of a toy duck I've ever had the displeasure of laying eyes on.*
Makina: Yer the only girl left, Sacchin. Go soak yerself, why don'tcha?
Sachi: Ah, yes... Well then, I'll go in right after I get you your drink, Maki-chan.
Amane: That's okay, Sacchan. I'll take care of Makina, so go take your bath.
Sachi: Oh... certainly. Well then, Kazami-san, I'll try not to take too long...
Yuuji: It's all right. Take your time.
Michiru: Ah! Hold on, Sachi! Wait up! I'm gonna go back in with you! 
Narration: *With a small bow in my direction, Sachi briskly heads up the stairs toward the bathroom, pursued by a quite literally "sour-faced" Michiru.*
Narration: *The bath in this dorm has a full eight faucets and showers. Theoretically speaking, everyone in the dorm could get in at the same time if they wanted to, but instead the residents have developed an unwritten protocol― *
Narration: *Our solitude-loving Sakaki performs her ritual ablutions first, so as to minimize the risk of human interaction; generally, Michiru takes her turn immediately thereafter.*
Narration: *As for why Michiru's the second up, it seems she refuses to go after Makina, who has something of a reputation for leaving the bath an utter mess.*
Narration: *And once the pseudo-tsundere's done, Amane and Makina take their turn together. Sachi always claims the final slot so that she can perform a little quick clean-up afterward. *
Narration: *When I was thrown into the mix, it was generally agreed that I would enter only after all the women had their turns, so as to reduce the potential for awkward mishaps.*
Makina: The water was really nice today, ya know? You shoulda come in with us, Papa.
Yuuji: I don't think Chizuru would be too pleased if I pulled a stunt like that...
Amane: ...So if our principal didn't have any issues with it, you'd just roll on in?
Yuuji: The bathroom's got eight separate showers. I don't see why it'd be a problem.
Amane: Well, that's not really the kind of "problem" I was thinking of... but then again, it'd definitely be a help to have someone to look after Makina while I'm washing myself... 
Amane: You can't let down your guard with this girl or she'll fall asleep in the bath, you know? Kinda dangerous.
Yuuji: That a fact...?
Narration: *Guess that would explain why Amane almost always goes in with her.*
Yumiko: Well then... I'm going to be going back to my room now.
Amane: Ah, yeah. Night.
Makina: Hey, Papa. Why was everyone standin' around out here? What were ya talkin' about?
Yuuji: Hm? Oh, right. We were just discussing our plans for the summer vacation. Amane, you're going back to visit your family, right? 
Amane: Ah, yeah. That's still a little while away, though. And I don't know if it's really going "back," since I'm visiting my grandparents on Mom's side.  
Makina: Ama-nee's grandma lives in Kyoh-toh, ya know? She's super sexxxy! An' super scary!
Yuuji: You've met her?
Amane: Yeah, they met last summer. Sort of felt like I couldn't leave Makina alone in the dorm, so I just carted her off to Kyoto with me.
Makina: She was wearin' this crazy-expensive lookin' kimono, ya know? Puffin' away outta one of them long pipes! It was like, is she really runnin' a restaurant in here? Looked more like one a' them "madams," if ya know what I mean!
Amane: Excuse me? What do you think my grandma is, exactly...?
Makina: Uuu... A weird person, I guess...?
Yuuji: ...The woman's strange enough to be called "weird" by Makina...? We must be talking about a pretty damn peculiar individual here... 
Amane: She is not weird!!
Makina: But at our very first meetin', she suddenly hit me with a giant set-up line, ya know?
Yuuji: ...A set-up line?
Amane: ...Well... okay, it's just... when I opened the door and yelled hello, Grandma came out to greet us, but...  
Makina: We're standin' there in the doorway, and the lady comes up ta me insteada Ama-nee an' goes "Well, hello there, dear! Y'sure came a long way!"
Amane: And then, uh... she grabs Makina's cheeks and goes "Lord almighty! Hasn't been that long since I saw you, but y'sure have shrunk! Guess it was a hot summer this year..."  
Amane: I'm not a pickled daikon radish you left hanging out on the porch, dammit! I'm not gonna shrink!
Yuuji: Is the woman senile...? Sounds like quite the entertaining grandmother.
Amane: Want to come along again this year, Makina? We can put on our yukata and go to the festivals and everything.
Makina: Ooh, sounds good! Wonder if I can still squeeze into th' one ya guys got me last year?
Amane: I think it'll be fine. You haven't grown an inch, after all.
Yuuji: A yukata, eh...? Come to think of it, I guess that'd be a pretty good look for a stumpy little barrel like Makina.
Makina: ...Are ya tryin' ta compliment me here...?
Yuuji: On the other hand, Amane...
Narration: *Would a yukata really work out so well with this distinctly un-Japanese figure...?*
Narration: *If the girl's not very careful, I've got a feeling she might end up resembling one of those "ladies" you find wandering around the red-light district after dark...*
Amane: ...Why are you staring at me like that, exactly?
Yuuji: Well... Amane, my friend, a word of advice from me to you. When wearing a yukata, try not to saunter around the streets with a bottle of lotion in one hand.
Amane: Thanks, because I was totally planning to! Incidentally, I can pretty much tell what you're thinking right now, you jerk...
Amane: Anyway, if you're that worried maybe you should come along this year too. Hmm?
Yuuji: No, I'll pass.
Amane: You don't have to hold back, you know? We've got more than enough rooms, and it's a restaurant so there's no worries about food either. You should totally come if you don't have anything else planned.
Yuuji: Thing is, I'm on call at my part-time job... I don't know when they'll want me. And I need a fairly good reason to leave the prefecture. There's paperwork to fill out and everything.
Amane: Oh, really...? That's too bad.
Yuuji: I'll enjoy myself in my own way. Don't worry about it.
Amane: Sorry...
Yuuji: Nothing to apologize for. Thanks for inviting me...
Narration: *In the first place, if I did tag along to meet that grandmother of hers, I'm not quite sure how I could respond to having my cheeks firmly pinched―*
Narration: *Let alone the "Lord almighty! Hasn't been that long since I saw you, but y'sure have turned into a man! Guess it was a long rainy season this year..." gag she might well hit me with.*
Narration: *And even if the "Company" were to give me permission to leave the prefecture, there's a good chance I'd still be summoned when necessary. Worst-case scenario, they might end up landing a helicopter on the old lady's lawn...*
Narration: *Fundamentally speaking, enjoying a vacation like anyone else is a privilege not extended to those of us who live with a chain locked firmly around our necks. *
Narration: *Even so, my summer begins normally enough...*

Narration: *But come to think of it, I always did prefer the bumblebee-like curves of a J2M Raiden to the pencil-thin C6N Saiun...*
Yuuji: ...Well, I guess that's not particularly relevant...
Makina: Woh?
Yuuji: Anyway... for the moment, let's try to avoid restricting your diet and focus on improving your body's basal metabolic rate.
Narration: *But no matter how much we speed up her metabolism, I doubt this shrimp's capable of burning 3500 calories a day like a typical "Company" employee... Guess I'll have to figure out a suitable training menu with Mess Sergeant Amane.*
Narration: *―Just as I'm stroking my chin with a thoughtful "hrrrm," my ruminations are interrupted by the shrill squawking of Makina's digital pet. It's a daily occurrence at this point, but I can still feel my blood pressure rising.*
Makina: ...Swhah! An enemy!?
Yuuji: Can't say I've ever heard a raid siren this idiotic. It's just your usual seven-thirty alarm. We'll conclude our training here for today!
Makina: Thank you very much, sir!!
Yuuji: Indeed. Take a quick shower before you go to work, okay?
Makina: Hmm? Aah, ac'shully, I got today off from my job.
Yuuji: That so? Well, I guess a little R&R is necessary every once in a while.
Makina: Right ya are, Papa! So let's spend th' whole day playing!
Yuuji: Hmmm... I don't mind, but... what sort of "playing" did you have in mind, specifically? 
Makina: Anything's fine, ya know?
Yuuji: That's actually the most troublesome possible answer...
Makina: But yer always sayin' th' exact same thing ta Ama-nee, ya know?
Yuuji: ...Am I really?
Makina: Think about it. Ama-nee's usually the one goin' "Hey, Yuuujiii, what do you want for dinner tonight?" And ya always give her that totally apathetic "Whatever's fine," right?
Yuuji: Well, I... hmm...
Narration: *I see. Looking at it from that angle, I feel like I've gained a little insight into the menu-related suffering Amane must endure on a daily basis...*
Yuuji: But still... you really want me to decide...?
Narration: *Girls at this age are difficult to figure out. Especially for men like me. To be honest, I can't even begin to guess what sort of "playing" Makina would actually enjoy...*
Yuuji: Oh, wait a second... that's an idea. Maybe it's about time I gave you "that"...?
Makina: Hm? Whuh? Ya got somethin' for me?
Yuuji: All right! You've been working hard lately, Makina. I'm impressed! In fact, I think a reward is warranted. Accordingly, I will now bestow you with a splendid present!
Makina: Uwah! Woah, what!? I'm hella lookin' forward to this!!
Narration: *That said, I'm not exactly confident this sort of "present" would particularly appeal to your average adolescent girl...*
Narration: *August 6th, 2011, 12:16 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Amane: Ah, hey, Sakaki-san! Have you seen Yuuji and Makina? It's lunch time soon, but I can't find either of them.
Yumiko: I'm afraid I haven't seen them myself... When was the last time you spoke...?
Amane: They came back to eat breakfast this morning, but the minute they finished eating they both vanished again... I wonder where they went?
Yumiko: ...They were here in the morning, yes? A few hours' absence is hardly anything to get worked up about... Also, if she's with Kazami-san, I don't think you need to be too worried.
Amane: ...Well, you're probably right about that, but... those two have been acting a little strange lately, you know...?
Yumiko: What do you mean by strange? Could you be more specific?
Amane: The two of them seem to be doing something secretly behind my back, and they just won't tell me anything about it...
Yumiko: Oh. So they're leaving you out? Is that what this is about?
Amane: Don't say stuff like that... Now I'm feeling a little depressed...
Yumiko: If you're that curious about Irisu-san's activities, why not read her diary? She still writes a daily entry to submit to the principal, doesn't she?
Amane: I did... I did read it, but... Hey, Sakaki-san, do you know what a "Traytan" is...? 
Yumiko: Traytan...? No, I'm not familiar with the term... Was that in Irisu-san's diary?
Amane: Yeah... She wrote "Today I played Traytan with Papa. It was totally fun," or something like that...
Yumiko: ...Tray-tan...? Just from the sound of the word, you'd think it was a character from some children's television program, or something of the sort...
Amane: Yeah, I thought so too... but there was also this weird drawing of some pink animal in her diary, you know? Like an anteater, or maybe a hippo? It was seriously bizarre...
Yumiko: Perhaps it's best not to overthink this. It's not like you have any reason to believe they're doing something problematic, do you? 
Amane: Well... sure... that's true, but... the way they're keeping it secret kind of bugs me. I hope they're not getting up to any funny business...
Yumiko: Funny business...?
Amane: Uh, you know... games that involve poking hard sticks into wet holes, or something like that...?
Yumiko: What on earth are you saying...? I won't deny Kazami-kun's behavior has some distinctly abnormal aspects, but he's surprisingly sincere by nature. Why not show a little more trust in...
Yumiko: ...Ah...
Amane: ...Huh? What's that "Ah" supposed to mean? Did you just think of something, Sakaki-san!?
Yumiko: Well, it might have nothing to do with this whatsoever, but... Kazami-kun stopped by my room the other day and used my PC to order some sort of toy over the internet.
Amane: A toy...?
Yumiko: He was shrewd enough to clear the history, so I don't know what exactly he bought... but he was browsing the websites of several major hobby shops, so I assume it was something of the sort.
Amane: Oh... now that you mention it... Yuuji had a cash-on-delivery package arrive the other day... I wonder if the receipt's still in the trash can...?  
Yumiko: ...I understand that you're worried about Irisu-san, but I can't say I approve of meddling in other people's private hobbies.
Amane: Mmm... c'mon, though. How can you not be curious?
Yumiko: Well, I do understand your feelings...
Makina: Nahoooy! Ama-neeeeee! I'm hungry, hombrrrre! Is lunch ready yetttt!?
Yumiko: Speak of the devil... Sounds as though they've returned. Rather than driving yourself mad with speculation, why not ask those two directly?
Amane: Hmmmm... will they even tell me...?
Yumiko: I'm afraid I can't guarantee that much. Good luck to you, Suou-san.
Makina: Ama-nee! Is th' curry ready!?
Amane: Yes, yes. Just as ordered, we've got some curry for lunch today. I made some tasty prawns, too. Get 'em while they're deep-fried!
Makina: Yahaaay! Ama-nee, yer the best!!!
Amane: Hmmm? Makina, you're kind of covered in mud... Wait, hold on! Are you bleeding!? 
Makina: Nwoh? Aah, well, yeah. Papa kept pokin' me with a hard stick, ya know? Got a few scrapes here an' there.
Amane: Yuuji!! Excuse me, Yuuji!?!
Yuuji: ...Yes? No need to bellow, woman. People might get the idea you're prone to hysterical overreaction. 
Amane: Excuse me! Makina's injured, you know!? What d'you have to say for yourself!?
Yuuji: Yeah, she did get a few bumps and scrapes out there. Nothing a stiff upper lip can't fix.
Amane: How is that going to fix anything!? What were you doing out there!?
Makina: Yer overreactin' somethin' fierce, Ama-nee. I'm a kid, so skinnin' a knee or two on th' playground is par fer the course, right?
Amane: You're not exactly a "kid" in terms of age, you know...
Yuuji: Well... I'll admit that I could've been a little more careful, but try to think of injuries like this as within the normal range of variation.
Amane: Ugggh... Look, I don't want to treat her like a hothouse flower either, but... even a small cut can lead to tetanus or sepsis, you know... 
Yuuji: I did have her wash them out with tap water... but you're right, disinfection's important too. Sorry about that...
Narration: *Sixty-six years have passed since the end of the war, but its impact still lingers. It's said that those who lived through those painful years are often overprotective toward their grandchildren.*
Narration: *Many older Japanese endured miserable food shortages in their childhood. Many watched wounded friends die for lack of basic treatment.*
Narration: *Spurred by a fierce desire to protect their descendants from such misery, they sneak perfectly well-fed little boys and girls extra treats on top of their school lunches, ultimately leaving them plump and spoiled.  *
Narration: *"I can't let him go hungry. I can't let some trivial scrape end up killing her." The sentiment's understandable, but the more you protect a human being the weaker they become.*
Narration: *As an ambitious commissioned officer observed after returning alive from the south, "Sometimes the bite of winter is pleasant in its own way"―*
Narration: *And by the same token, occasionally experiencing the harshness of the world can teach us compassion. Help us find real strength.*
Makina: Ama-nee! Seconds!!
Amane: ...That's fine, but you sure are eating a lot lately... Don't tell me your appetite center's malfunctioning again...?
Yuuji: The girl's been working part-time and training with me lately, so it makes sense she'd work up an appetite.
Narration: *Pushing your body spurs the appetite. At my previous school, even I used to supplement the three meals a day we got in the dorm using my own money―*
Narration: *And among my classmates, there were guys who'd wolf down three huge swiss rolls from the convenience store and call it a "light snack."*
Amane: Here you go, Makina. Your second helping.
Makina: Yus! Thank ya kindly, boss!!
Yuuji: ...But seriously, even the curry has pumpkin in it...?
Amane: How many times do I have to tell you? Pumpkins are crazy rich in vitamins! You've gotta have B1 if you want to turn those carbohydrates into energy efficiently, right?
Yuuji: Hrm... true enough. Your nutritional wisdom continues to impress me, Amane.
Amane: I know, right? Makina's been losing a little flab off that jelly belly lately thanks to my expert management of her diet, you know?
Yuuji: Don't be ridiculous. That's clearly the result of the strength training we started recently.
Amane: Strength training...? You serious? Makina can't stand exercise...
Yuuji: I've devised a routine that isn't too onerous. She's mostly just repeating a few sets of static exercises that effectively work the muscles in a fairly short period of time.
Amane: Hmmm... I'm not sure I really follow, but I guess this is what you two keep slinking off to do behind my back?
Yuuji: Our main focus has been on strengthening the inner muscles, but we're gradually moving toward toughening the outer ones as well. That's probably why she's looking a little slimmer around the waist.
Amane: Anyway, the training is fine and all... but for soooome reason, every single time you two go outside to play, Makina comes back with a fresh set of bruises and scrapes... What are you even doing out there?
Yuuji: Kind of difficult to summarize, actually...
Makina: Well, ya know, tree climbin' an' stuff? Like, crawlin' around on the ground? Playin' leapfrog, sorta? Some hide an' go seek, too. Oh, an' swingin' around sticks, too. Kinda.
Makina: We're playin' those sortsa games, ya know?
Amane: What the heck is that? It all sounds like stuff that appeals to, like, ten-year old boys...
Makina: It's pretty friggin' fun! Papa promised to play with me this afternoon too, ya know? Wanna join in, Ama-nee?
Amane: Thanks, but I think I'm good... Rolling around in dirt under the blazing sun kind of lost its appeal to me a while ago. 
Makina: Oh yeah? That sucks. Anyhoo, thanks fer the grub!
Amane: ...Huh? Wait, Makina, are you already done eating?
Makina: Yeah! It was hella tasty! C'mon, Papa, let's go play!!
Amane: Wha...! Hold on just one second! Before you start playing again, go take a bath and change out of those filthy clothes!
Makina: Whaaat? They're just gonna get dirty again, ya know...
Amane: I don't care! Take a bath anyway! Papa's not gonna like you if you stink of sweat, you know?
Makina: Uu... a'ight then. Papa, wanna come in with me?
Amane: Papa and I have a little something to discuss! Go in by yourself this time, all right?
Makina: Yuuus...
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *...What's all this, then? She went out of her way to drive off Makina before starting the conversation, which would mean... Well, she's probably angry...*
Amane: A'ight then, Yuuji-han. Mind givin' me a little of y'time?
Yuuji: ...Why the Kyoto dialect...?
Amane: Y'got other things t'worry about right now, friend. Go ahead an' make y'rself comfortable.
Yuuji: Uh, I'm already sitting, actually...
Narration: *From the tone of her voice, I'm guessing she might be asking me to sit on my heels...? As a precautionary measure, I straighten my posture.*
Amane: ...Well?
Yuuji: Sorry... what's that supposed to mean? Can you at least tell me what we're talking about?
Amane: What are you two really doing behind my back? I'm not gonna be angry as long as you're honest, okay?
Yuuji: I'm not particularly hiding anything from you. It's just the usual army rangers game.
Amane: Really...? You're not playing any funny "games" with her, are you?
Yuuji: What's this "funny game" supposed to be...? No need to worry, we haven't done anything dangerous like rappelling yet.
Amane: ...Did you just say "yet?"
Yuuji: Look, I'm being very cautious about her safety.
Amane: I mean, before you came along Makina used to spend her time playing with dolls all by herself... Compared to that, it's good to see her getting some fresh air and exercise―
Amane: But try to make sure she stays in one piece, all right?
Yuuji: Yeah, understood.
Amane: Oh, and on that note... You just bought Makina some weird toy, didn't you?
Yuuji: ...W-What're you talking about?
Amane: Playing dumb won't do you any good. You borrowed Sakaki-san's computer to order something on the web, right? Look at this.  
Narration: *Amane thrusts out a small slip of paper in vaguely accusatory fashion. With a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach, I recognize the receipt the delivery man left on my bubble-wrapped package the other day.*
Yuuji: ...Tch...
Amane: This was in the trash bin over there. What on earth are you buying her that costs 80,000 yen?
Yuuji: Aah, right, uh... I thought Makina could use an Amati violin, so...
Amane: Don't lie to me. Why would a violin need that big a case?
Yuuji: You saw the case...?
Amane: Well, yeah... but it was locked, so I couldn't open it. What's inside that thing?
Yuuji: Hrmmm... how can I explain this? I guess you could call it an "educational toy" Makina needs to develop her talents... Anyway, uh, it's nothing too weird. You don't need to worry about it.
Amane: You're just making me more suspicious... What is this thing?
Yuuji: I'm not going to tell you that.
Amane: Oh, something I can't know about, huh?
Yuuji: It's not anything I need to keep secret, and there aren't any legal issues either. I just don't think you'd understand right now. That's the only reason I'm not telling you.  
Yuuji: Until Makina's talent really flowers, to the point where I decide the girl should actually pursue this going forward, I'm not going to let you interfere. Even if you catch on, I'd appreciate if you pretended otherwise.
Amane: ...Answer me just one question. It's not anything seriously dangerous, is it?
Yuuji: I'll guarantee that much.
Amane: All right then, fine... That works. I'll keep my mouth shut... but in exchange, you better make sure you keep her in one piece.
Yuuji: Understood.
Amane: Ah, that's right. There's one more thing I wanted to ask you about...
Yuuji: Which is?
Amane: Take a look here, will you?
Yuuji: What's this...?
Amane: It's Makina's diary. See this, right here? She wrote "Today I played Traytan with Papa," but... what's that Traytan thing?
Yuuji: It's, uh... well, you know...
Amane: Looking at the picture, it seems like she was trying to draw some weird little pink animal... Is this Traytan? 
Yuuji: ...Guh... that's...
Narration: *...I can't... I can't tell her "Traytan" is Makina's abbreviation for "training tanto"... That's just not an option...*
Narration: *A "training tanto," as you might guess, is just a mock short sword without an edge. Helps you practice one of the most indispensable jungle warfare skills without risk of disembowelment.*
Narration: *I'd been teaching Makina bare-handed grappling techniques for a while now, and lately she's started to get a decent feel for the basics―*
Narration: *Figuring it was time to add a little variety, I brought out the training tantos as an introduction to Jukendo, a "required subject" in my line of work...*
Amane: And also, uh... "The inevitable struggle for survival! As civilization collapses, Japan is all but covered in jungle! Traytan mastery is the difference between life and death!"
Amane: It sort of goes on like that... Any idea what it might mean...?
Narration: *Cold sweat slowly trickles down from my armpits.*
Yuuji: ...Come on, Amane, you haven't heard of Traytan? From that kid's show on satellite TV? He's ridiculously popular these days.  
Amane: Really...? I've never even heard the name before... Is that really true?
Yuuji: Of course. You know... "Heyho! It's me, Traytan! Listen up, boys and girls! When you're setting up your pitfall traps, don't forget to smear rotten shit on the tips of your bamboo spears!"  
Yuuji: Ringing any bells now? Pretty famous line.
Amane: ...If you say so... I mean, uh... rotten shit...?
Yuuji: In other words, Traytan's reminding the boys and girls in front of their TV sets that wars are won through a steady accumulation of minor harassments. The little guy knows his stuff.  
Amane: What the heck is that? A show for child-soldier guerrillas in conflict zones...?
Yuuji: Well... uh...
Narration: *My attempt to avoid Amane's wrath through spontaneous babble seems to have backfired somewhat. You may have noticed by now, but I'm really not much of a liar.*
Yuuji: In any case, don't worry about Makina! I'll personally raise her into a splendid lady capable of returning alive from any hellhole we drop her into!
Amane: I think that usually goes "A splendid lady who won't embarrass us anywhere she goes," right? Why drop her into a hellhole?
Yuuji: Well, anyway, that's how it is! Later!
Amane: Ah! Hey, Yuuji!? This conversation isn't over yet, mister!
Amane: ...Oh, for crying out loud...
Amane: But seriously... I wonder what he bought her...?
Narration: *Honestly, it's not like we're doing anything to be ashamed of. Given enough patient explanation on my part, I'm sure Amane would understand eventually.*
Narration: *But where possible, it's best not to advertise this sort of skill. For one thing, the value of a "trump card" is inversely proportionate to the number of people who're aware of its existence.*
Narration: *And while our current pursuit may have gained tentative social sanction as a kind of sport, it's still strongly evocative of lethal weaponry. We have a serious image problem to overcome.*
Narration: *Sort of like motorcycles in that respect. There's this nagging, prejudiced assumption that a young person who gets one of these is going to end up using it for evil purposes.*
Narration: *For that exact reason, I think it's necessary to demonstrate that Makina understands the rules and can follow them responsibly. If the girl really knows what she's doing, we'll have a much easier time convincing Amane.*
Narration: *Carefully cradling the long, heavy "case" we'll be using this afternoon, I wait for Makina to finish her bath.*
Date: *August 6, 2011, 13:10 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Yuuji: ...Makina, a word. It seems Amane's started to notice our secret games. From now on, let's play a little more stealthily.
Makina: Why do we gotta hide?
Yuuji: ...Hmph... you're really clueless, aren't you? Listen up, Makina. "Playing" is inherently more fun when you're doing it behind Mommy's back.
Makina: Oooh, gotcha. That's not really an answer to th' question, but fer some reason I'm totally convinced, ya know?
Yuuji: All right then! We'll begin where we left off this morning! I will now present you with your rifle!
Narration: *Lowering the hefty duralumin case to the ground, I begin rolling the dials on the combination lock.*
Narration: *"9029"*
Narration: *The lock clicks open as I slide the last digit into place. Couldn't forget this number even if I wanted to.*
Narration: *I swing open the lid of the case, revealing a bed of foam with a number of cut-out spaces keeping various components safely in place: the barrel, the action, the magazine―*
Narration: *An olive-drab stock, and last but not least, a telescopic sight that set me back a good bit more than the body of the rifle itself.*
Narration: *Pulling these out of the case, I quickly snap the rifle together, leaving only the magazine unattached. Taking the weapon carefully in both hands, I stand before Makina and read out the number etched on the right hand side of the barrel.*
Yuuji: Your rifle! Serial number 112035!
Makina: Serial number 112035 received!
Narration: *I forcefully thrust out the rifle toward Makina's chest, and she receives it with similar vigor, repeating the serial number.*
Narration: *This little ritual helps grind it into the thick heads of new recruits that their rifle is an irreplaceable partner, while simultaneously encouraging a healthy sense of tension.*
Yuuji: You remember the dry firing practice we did this morning?
Makina: Aah, uhm... the one where ya gotta pull th' trigger without makin' a pinball on top of th' elevation knob fall off?
Yuuji: Right, that one.
Makina: That gets yer arms hella tired real quick, ya know?
Yuuji: I'm aware. Back in the old days, I had to do that until my arms were about ready to fall off. Got up to two separate pinballs eventually. It's another form of isometrics, you know? Need strong muscles or your barrel ends up shaking.  
Narration: *It's not much of a factor with an air rifle like this, but when you're shooting with a real gun and live ammunition―*
Narration: *Your body tends to unconsciously brace itself against the noise and recoil, and you end up pulling the trigger much harder than you intended, sometimes badly throwing off your aim.*
Narration: *The exercise in question is aimed specifically at preventing that problem.*
Yuuji: All right, this time we'll start with "plinking." You're free to fire at the paper target I've set up twenty-five meters ahead of our position. Start off by zeroing the rifle.
Makina: Zeroing...?
Yuuji: In other words, fire test rounds and adjust your scope based on the impact. We did it this morning as well, remember? But once you've detached the sight, there's always going to be a slight shift the next time you put it back on.
Yuuji: Also, even changes in the temperature and atmospheric humidity can shift the point of impact by a few centimeters. When you have the chance, zeroing should always be your first order of business.  
Makina: Hooah!
Yuuji: Good. I'll now provision your ammo. For now, you'll be using 6mm .2 biodegradable pellets, nine rounds in total. Use the first three to adjust your scope, the next three to aim for the center, and the last three to confirm the shot.
Yuuji: Also, you're going to be shooting with a bipod in a fully prone position.
Makina: Whaaat? Right back in th' mud? I just took a bath an' changed clothes, ya know...
Yuuji: Not to worry. I brought a mat this time.
Narration: *I unroll the foam mat I'd been carrying behind the rifle case on the ground, then add a self-inflating air mattress on top, flipping open the intake valve.*
Yuuji: See? Bit more comfortable than the ground, and your clothes won't get dirty.
Makina: Ooh. Ya came well prepared this time!
Yuuji: Not sure if this is much of a bonus, but I also brought along some camo netting I ordered online. With all this, we could pull off a full-scale ambush if we wanted to.
Makina: Camo netting? Ooh, this is a ghillie suit, ain't it? Snipers are always wearin' this sorta stuff in my vidya games! So cool! Friggin' awesome! Is this th' real deal?
Yuuji: It's a replica made for outdoor sports, but this one's pretty damn well-made.
Yuuji: You can drape it over your head, wrap it around the rifle, or both. A truly helpful purchase. I couldn't help buying one for myself while I was at it.
Makina: Nice, nice! This sorta thing kinda gets th' blood pumpin', ya know?
Yuuji: Camouflage is extremely useful stuff. If you use local vegetation to obscure the outline of your body, even pros will have a hard time spotting you.
Yuuji: The trick is to be careful when you're knotting the leaves together. Make sure none of them get flipped around, and don't use so much that it seems unnatural.
Makina: Awwright! I totally wanna try it out! Let's do this thing, right now!
Yuuji: ...Huh. You really do love this stuff, don't you?
Narration: *Surprisingly enough, Makina has displayed a fierce interest in rifles. Probably developed an interest through bits of trivia she picked up from those video games of hers. *
Narration: *According to the testimony of Komine Sachi, her primary playmate―*
Narration: *Maki-chan absolutely adores those bang-bang shoot-them-up FPS games. She always shrieks "Die, dieee!" and cackles with joy as she plays.*
Narration: *Distressed by this apparent manifestation of the Virtual Generation's much-discussed tendency to trivialize the taking of human life, I pondered the situation at some length―*
Narration: *Ultimately deciding that rather than ducking the issue entirely, my duty was to teach the girl just how serious pulling a trigger really is.*
Narration: *Having reached that conclusion, I went all out and ordered her a realistic air rifle.*
Narration: *Just as with the bicycle, my broader goal is to raise her into a responsible person who treats any tool possessing the ability to cause harm with the wary respect it deserves.*
Makina: ...Hey, Papa?
Yuuji: Hm? What's up?
Makina: Is'h friggin' hot...
Yuuji: Tough it out. Eighty percent of a sniper's job is enduring discomfort. Let's begin with one shot at that paper target. Standby...
Makina: Ready to fire...
Narration: *After exhaling eight tenths of the air in her lungs, Makina stops breathing altogether, holding her aim steady.*
Narration: *I let four seconds tick by, then quietly issue the order she's waiting for.*
Yuuji: Fire.
Narration: *As soon as the words leave my mouth, there's the soft sound of an ideally muffled shot, and a round white pellet six millimeters in diameter flashes past my spotter scope.*
Narration: *Maybe a second or two after Makina pulled the trigger, the BB impacts on the edge of the paper target.*
Yuuji: Correction. Up one click, left two clicks...
Makina: Up one, left two... clear.
Yuuji: Second shot, prepare to fire...
Makina: Ready on your mark...
Yuuji: Fire.
Narration: *The pellet, launched into a powerful backspin by the rifle's hop-up system, traces a lazy parabola through the air and strikes the target.*
Yuuji: Another miss... The wind's stronger than I thought. Let's try changing ammunition. The .25 pellets will probably do better. Remove your magazine, pull back the bolt, and stick your finger into the chamber to make sure it's empty.
Makina: My finger won't fit, ya know?
Yuuji: Then visual confirmation is fine. Peer into the bore from the side of the port. If you see light, we're fine.
Makina: Uhhhm... chamber empty.
Yuuji: All right then, we're switching to .25 gram biodegradable pellets. Install magazine. 
Makina: ...Magazine installed...
Yuuji: Send the first round into the chamber.
Makina: First round in chamber...
Yuuji: This time, we're going to change our target based on the direction of the wind... Look to the right, and up slightly... on that bench. 
Makina: Hmmm? What's that? A paper cup...?
Yuuji: Your target is a cup filled with clear blue water. If you make the shot, it'll start squirting out all over the place. Good stuff, right?
Makina: Yusss! I'm gonna pop a hole in that sucker, fer sure!
Yuuji: Prepare to fire...
Makina: Ready and waiting...
Yuuji: Fire.
Narration: *The BB hops out of the barrel like a stung cat, slapping cleanly into the paper cup twenty-five meters away.*
Yuuji: ...Hit. Well done. Fire three more as you are to confirm the shot...
Makina: Roger that, three consecutive... Wait, what th'...?
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Makina: Instructor! There's someone on the range...!
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Narration: *I quickly swing my spotter scope to the right. Sure enough, Sakaki Yumiko is standing a few meters away from the bench with a paperback clutched tightly to her chest, staring at the paper cup with a terrified expression.*
Yuuji: Tch... Sakaki, huh...? Damn...
Makina: ...She's got a book in her hand, ya know? She was probl'y walkin' over ta indulge in some afternoon readin' on th' bench... Musta gotten freaked out when the cup started spittin' out water alluva sudden...
Yuuji: ...Hrm... Makina, we're suspending practice for the moment. Safety on. 
Makina: Roger that, safety on...
Narration: *After confirming that Makina's engaged the safety properly, I doublecheck to make sure the bolt handle and trigger are firmly locked― *
Narration: *Then pick up the transistor megaphone lying at my side, bring it to my mouth, and hold down the switch.*
Yuuji: Heyyy! Sakakiii!! What the hell do you think you're doing out there, woman!?! 
Makina: Fuhahah, Yumi-chan's lookin' around all over the place! Girl's about ready ta burst inta tears!
Yuuji: ...Christ...
Narration: *Well, from Sakaki's perspective, she was just innocently trying to read a book in the shade when a nearby cup abruptly sprung a leak...  *
Narration: *And just as she was cringing in surprise at the "mysterious phenomenon," a disembodied voice started bellowing angrily at her from the bushes... I suppose bursting into tears wouldn't be that unreasonable a reaction... *
Makina: Hey, can I shoot her?
Yuuji: No! I'm going to go talk to Sakaki for a minute, all right? You're on standby here. Absolutely no firing until I give the go ahead, you got that?
Makina: Hooahhh!
Narration: *Lifting myself up off the air mattress and flinging off my camouflage net, I push out of the bushes and approach our stupefied interloper with a slow but powerful gait.*
Yuuji: Hey there, Sakaki! Tell me, what is your major malfunction!? Did you miss the red flags!? Please explain why you wandered onto the range in the middle of a shooting session! Right now, I'm leaning toward you being an idiot!
Narration: *Buffeted by my best "veteran drill sergeant" roar, Sakaki flinches, stiffening into a defensive posture.*
Yumiko: W-Who're you calling...!?!
Yuuji: Are you blind, woman?
Narration: *I jab out an index finger toward the gateposts that mark the entrance to the courtyard, where two conspicuous red flags are gently flapping in the afternoon breeze.*
Yuuji: When the red flags are up, it means you keep out! And even outside the perimeter, sudden actions that might lead to an accident are forbidden! Just how clueless are you!?
Yumiko: How on earth am I supposed to know any of that!? What are you even doing out here!?
Yuuji: Like I said, shooting practice. Do your ears not work either?
Yumiko: Shooting... practice...?
Narration: *Before I can respond, Makina's voice rings out through my earphone.*
Makina: ...Hey, Papa. That book Yumi-chan's holdin', "The Samurai's Right Arm," looks kinda inner-estin'! Ask if I can borrow it after she's done, okay?
Yuuji: ...The Samurai's Right Arm...?
Narration: *I glance at the paperback in Sakaki's hands; it does in fact bear that title.*
Narration: *Looking over my shoulder toward Makina's position, the distance between us seems to be a good thirty meters. She seriously read these tiny letters from over there...? The scope's good, but it's not that good...*
Yuuji: Incidentally, Sakaki, Makina wants to know if you'll lend her that book when you finish reading it...
Yumiko: ...Irisu-san is here as well?
Yuuji: Yeah, she's in the bushes over there. Can you see her?
Yumiko: Hm? ...Hmm? Where is she...?
Yuuji: Can't make her out, huh...
Narration: *I guess that's hardly surprising. I know exactly where the girl is, but it's still a struggle to pick her out. Very solid bit of camouflage work, if I do say so myself.*
Yumiko: ...In the first place, did you get permission from the principal to appropriate our courtyard for this "shooting practice" of yours...?
Yuuji: Of course I went to her first. I'm planning to apply for the establishment of an official club eventually.
Yumiko: A shooting club...?
Yuuji: An air rifle club.
Yumiko: Oh, is that right...
Yuuji: You seem a little nonplussed, my friend. In that case, let me provide you with a firsthand demonstration. Let's drop back a bit, all right? I want twenty meters minimum between you and that target.  
Yumiko: I'm not particularly interested, you know...?
Yuuji: Won't take long. C'mon.
Narration: *After confirming that Sakaki's withdrawn behind me, I thumb the two-way radio PTT switch on my waist. *
Yuuji: ...Makina, release the safety. You have permission to fire.
Makina: At Yumi-chan?
Yuuji: No. I'll designate your target. Aim for the first cup from the left, all right? I'll issue your timing from here.
Makina: Hooah...
Yuuji: ...Okay, Sakaki. Watch that cup twenty meters ahead of us.
Narration: *I pass Sakaki a pair of binoculars, point out the cup in question, and once again hold down the PTT button for my wireless.*
Yuuji: ...Ready, and... fire!
Narration: *Maybe two seconds after my order, a low-pitched rapport rings out nearby; a second later, the pellet strikes home, dead center on the leftmost cup.*
Yumiko: Ah... she hit it...
Yuuji: ...Hit! Well done, Makina.
Yumiko: That was... Irisu-san, just now...?
Yuuji: That's right. Pretty decent skills, don't you think?
Yumiko: Wait, where is she even shooting from...?
Yuuji: What? We're practically on top of her and you still haven't noticed...?
Yumiko: ...Huh? Is she nearby?
Yuuji: All right, Makina, that's enough for now. Remove the magazine, confirm the chamber's empty, engage the safety, and take off your camouflage!
Makina: Affirmative!
Narration: *A few seconds after the end of the transmission, as Sakaki looks around the area nervously, a clump of bushes two or three meters behind us rustle noisily. Makina slowly gets to her feet, still cloaked in her ghillie suit.*
Yumiko: ...Eee!!
Yuuji: Calm yourself, Sakaki. Makina, lose the camo and get that paint off.
Makina: ...Uu... hold on a sec', okay...?
Narration: *The girl throws off her camouflage net, then retrieves a wet wipe from the pouch around her waist and begins to vigorously scrub at her face.*
Makina: Sorry ta keep ya waiting!
Yumiko: I-Irisu-san... what on earth are you...?
Makina: Like the man said, shootin' practice! How ya like that? Shocked much!?
Yumiko: Well, I... Anyone would be a little startled by a lump of grass suddenly standing up behind them!
Makina: Grrm... that's not what I was talkin' about, ya know? I wanted ya to be surprised at my sharpshootin' skills. 
Yumiko: Ah... yes... that was certainly surprising as well, but...
Yumiko: ...I see. So this is what you used my computer to buy the other day, then?
Yuuji: Well, yeah...
Yumiko: ...Hmmm. Toys these days are certainly impressive... I'm amazed it could hit such a small target at this distance. 
Yuuji: I won't deny that the gun performs well, but that was a twenty-five meter outdoor shot, you know? If you're going to praise anything, it should be Makina's skills.
Makina: Darn straight! Chizuchizu said I'm th' kinda girl who responds best ta positive en-fourse-ment, ya know?
Yumiko: That's nice, but I'm afraid I don't quite grasp just how much of an accomplishment this really is...
Yuuji: In that case, want to give it a shot yourself?
Makina: Yeah! Now that's a plan! Once ya give it a try, Yumi-chan, you'll totally understand just how friggin' hard it is!
Yumiko: It's kind of you to invite me, but I'm going to have to pass on rolling around in the mud. If you'd like to compete at something, I'd prefer to sit down and play a game of chess over tea...
Makina: Ya really are an indoor type to th' core, aren't ya? That sorta remark is exactly why people call ya the "brutally borin' broad," ya know?
Yumiko: Excuse me... Irisu-san? Uh, would you mind telling me exactly who refers to me in that way...?
Makina: Welp, I guess it's mostly just me!!
Yumiko: Oh, is that so? Goodness... I don't think I've ever seen a criminal confess quite so enthusiastically before... 
Makina: Nhyaaaaah! Owwie! Owwwwie!! Shnooop! Yer gunna rip my face offff! Uncle! Unccccle!!
Yumiko: Do you promise not to say that again?
Makina: Shu'up, ugly!! I'll poke a shtick in yer holesh till ya cry for mercy!!
Yumiko: ...!!!
Makina: Uhyaaaaaaahn, I'm showwy!! Sho showwwy! I wash totally wrong! My mishtake! I won't shay it again!!
Makina: Makina ish... Makina ish a bad girl!! I've sheen the error of my waysh!! Shuper sorry! Forghive meeee!!
Yuuji: Come now, Sakaki, the girl's demonstrated remorse. Why not show a little pity?
Yumiko: ...Unbelievable... Am I imagining things, or has Irisu-san's mouth gotten progressively filthier since the day you arrived at this school!?
Yuuji: ...What, is this my fault? Well, I mean... I guess you might have something of a point, but...
Makina: ...Oooh, de pain... I swear, this woman wouldn't know a propor-shunal response if it bit her on th' ass... Only kids are the friggin' worst...
Yumiko: ...Irisu-san...?
Makina: Yesh! Shorry!! I wash wrong again!! Makina was a vewy bad girl!! 
Yumiko: ...Well, all right. As for you, Kazami-kun... do try not to be a bad influence on the girl, please?
Yuuji: I am trying, you know? I do scold her every once in a while, but... 
Yumiko: Listen to what I'm saying to you! Before you worry about scolding her, focus on improving your own behavior!
Yuuji: Hrm... in other words, lead by example, not just instruction...? Impressive insight, Sakaki.
Yumiko: Ah, so you do understand. All the more reason for you to reflect on your failures, then.
Makina: Huh? What th' heck, Yumi-chan, yer leavin' already? Let's play together!
Yumiko: That's quite all right. Please feel free to carry on without me.
Yuuji: Sakaki, you have a second before you go?
Yumiko: ...Haaaaah... Yes?
Yuuji: Come on, no need for the full-power scowl. I just wanted to ask if you could keep quiet to the others about this.
Yumiko: I don't particularly mind, but... would you at least tell me why?
Yuuji: Until we get this officially sanctioned as a safe extracurricular sport, I don't want to deal with people's prejudiced misconceptions. That's the only reason.
Yumiko: ...Suou-san's already caught the scent, you know...?
Yuuji: I'm aware. I asked Amane to turn a blind eye for now.
Yumiko: Okay, look... have you really thought this over? If Suou-san knows, who else are you so determined to hide this from? The principal gave her approval, didn't she?
Yumiko: That leaves only Matsushima-san and Komine-san unaware of your activities. What's going to be so problematic about those two finding out?
Makina: Oh, come ta think of it, ya kinda got a point there...
Narration: *Right... even if we told Michiru, she'd probably fire back "Okay? So what? Do whatever you want! I mean, it's not like I'm interested in the slightest, so can you not waste my time telling me!? Argh! Just die already, why don't you!?"  *
Narration: *―Or something along those lines, building up such a head of steam that the whole tsundere-train ends up flying off the rails in a burst of verbal violence... *
Narration: *And as for Sachi, we'd probably get "Shooting...? Somehow, the word has a rather lewd resonance, does it not? Just what do you plan to be shooting into what? Goodness, my loins are all aflutter."  *
Narration: *―Or something along those lines, leaving all within earshot reflexively pressing palm to forehead and groaning in anguish...*
Yuuji: ...Okay, is there not a single halfway-normal person in this damn place!?
Yumiko: You are including yourself in that remark, I presume?
Makina: Like, what, are ya seriously just realizin' this now?
Yuuji: Fair enough...
Narration: *This place really is a den of eccentrics, isn't it? No wonder I fit in...*
Yumiko: In the first place, isn't keeping your shooting secret the more dangerous choice?
Yumiko: These... red flags, was it? Everyone needs to know they signify "Do not enter." Such procedures are hardly meaningful unless we're all aware of them, yes?
Yuuji: What's this? A sensible argument!?
Makina: When ya talk like that, y'almost seem like a reasonable person. Hella mysterious...
Yumiko: ............
Makina: Aah, th' cold shoulder, eh? Yeah, figures. Okay, shuttin' up now.
Yumiko: In any case, even if you opt to conceal the precise nature of your activities, explain the red flag rule thoroughly. That's all I have to say.
Yuuji: ...Hrm... I can't deny that it seems we were a little sloppy in our safety procedures... 
Yuuji: Guess there's nothing for it. Time to break out the ultimate weapon.
Makina: Ulta-mit weapon...? Wassat? A missile?
Yuuji: No. Try again.
Makina: Okay, so somethin' infinitely approachin' missiledom?
Yuuji: Why are you so caught up on the missile thing? When it comes to ultimate weapons, nothing's more ultimate than the mouth-gun.
Makina: Th' heck is a mouth-gun?
Yuuji: Treating an empty gun as though it were loaded with live ammo, lining up your shots as normal, then yelling "Bang Bang" instead of firing.
Makina: Aah, so it's like... puttin' yourself into battlefield mode, or whatever?
Yuuji: That's right. And when you're not actually firing rounds, anything becomes a legitimate target.
Yuuji: Image training's pretty good stuff, you know? We could climb up on to the roof of the eastern school building and aim at the principal's office.  
Makina: Oooh, snipin' Chizuchizu, eh...? That might be a li'l fun... 
Yuuji: Hell, since we're not actually firing, we could even go for an even longer-distance shot... like, let's see... sniping the principal's office from that high spot on the beach, maybe...? Nah, guess that might be pushing it...
Yuuji: When you get over twelve hundred meters, 7.62 mm isn't really going to cut it...
Makina: Welp, fer starters, how 'bout we practice shootin' that thing?
Yuuji: ...Hm? What "thing"...?
Narration: *Makina's stubby finger indicates a twin-tailed bottle-blond, apparently strolling back from the convenience store, obliviously sucking away at a half-unwrapped ice cream bar...*
Yuuji: ...Hrm... not a bad idea. All right, Makina! Camo on, then get in position to fire!
Makina: Hooahhhh!!
Yuuji: ...Distance to target seventy meters, wind from right to left. Up three, right two... Target movement speed, estimated four kilometers per hour... Adjust your windage two millimeters further to the right...
Makina: ...I got a bead, Cap'n...
Yuuji: ...Don't aim for the head... Smack it right into that meager little chest... Got that? 
Makina: Ready...
Yuuji: Fire.
Makina: ...Bang...! Hyahaha...
Narration: *Having successfully eliminated the menace of a pseudo-tsundere invasion, we proceed to mess around blowing imaginary holes in various targets through precision mouth-gun sniping.*
Narration: *August 6th, 2011, 19:43 - School Dormitory - Amane's Room*
Amane: C'mon, Makina. If you're done with supper, hurry up and take your bath, all right? I'll be there in just a minute, so go ahead and get in.
Makina: ...Uuu, I got all sunburnded... My face an' shoulders hella-hurrrt...
Amane: That's what tends to happen when you play outside all day without bothering to put on sunblock. 
Makina: C'mon, th' sunblock just sweats right off even if I put it on, ya know...?
Amane: Did you have fun?
Makina: Yeah! It was wicked sick uber-fun!!
Amane: ...Wicked sick, huh...? Well, that sounds pretty darn fun. What sort of games were you playing? 
Makina: Uhm, welp, we...
Makina: Hoh no!! I almost fell fer a cunnin' trap! Irisu Makina! Enlisted with Mihama Academy, School Register Number 4! Born January 13th!
Amane: Hm? Huh? What's this, all of a sudden...?
Makina: Uhm, well, Papa said not t'tell enemy interrogators anythin' but your name, ID number, an' dee-oh-bee.
Amane: ...Interrogators...? Look, I wasn't planning to torture it out of you, all right? Just go take your bath already.
Makina: Yus! Roger that!
Amane: ...For crying out loud...
Makina: Oh, that's no good! I nearly forgot Mr. Duck!!
Amane: Aargh. Okay, the duck's all right, but don't start carrying other toys in there again! Got that!?
Makina: Yusss!!
Amane: Haaah... honestly. It's good to see the girl so energetic, but...
Amane: ...All right then. Guess it's time to take a peek in Makina's diary...
Amane: ...Uh, what? Where'd she put that journal...? She was just scribbling in it a little while ago, so it can't have gotten that far, right...?
Amane: Ah... for crying out loud, she left dirty socks lying around down here AGAIN...? How many times do I have to tell her to put them in the damn hamper!? And where's that friggin' diary, anyway!? Arrgh!!
Amane: Hm? Oh, there we go! Nice, I knew it was down here somewhere!
Amane: ...Okay, let's see here. Today's date was... Ah, there we go. Okay, let's take a little look-see... 
Amane: Today I played purin-king with Papa. It was hurla-fun...
Amane: ............
Amane: ..."Hurla"...?
Amane: Well... probably one step above "hella" for her, I guess... But more importantly, what the heck is this...? Is this thing supposed to be the Purin-King? Purin, as in... custard pudding?
Amane: ..."I am Lord and Master of the Pudding Realm, His Royal Highness Purin-King"...?
Amane: Whaaat...? Uh, seriously... what the heck is this? First Traytan, now a Pudding King...?
Amane: I mean... I don't know... I just don't know anymore... What on earth is that girl doing with Yuuji...?
Narration: *Traytan and Purin-King were the best of friends. They spent many carefree days playing together in a deep dark forest rumored to be haunted by goblins.*
Narration: *One day, Tunafish Man abruptly appeared before them. While vigorously disemboweling himself with a gleaming knife, he spoke thus:*
Narration: *"Toro!!"*
Narration: *It seems Amane was tormented by this remarkably surreal dream, ultimately leaping to her feet and yelling "What th' hell, now!?!" to no one in particular. A sad tale, although I fail to see why she complained to me the next morning.*

Makina: When are ya going?
Yuuji: Haven't decided yet, but sometime before the Bon festival. Figured I'd set a welcoming fire.
Makina: Mmkay then, let's go today!
Yuuji: ...Today?
Makina: Yeah! I'll start makin' some boxed lunches right away!
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *To be certain, it seems a little more constructive than hanging around the dorm aimlessly. And I did give JB advance warning of my plans...*
Yuuji: It's a little sudden, but... I don't see any reason why not...
Narration: *I take my private cell phone from my breast pocket, navigate to the number marked "JB (Harudera Yuria)", and press the call button.  *
JB: ...Yes?
Narration: *The phone rings several times before JB picks up. Her voice oozes with the bleary displeasure of an overworked public servant pulled out of bed by a telemarketer.*
Yuuji: ...Were you sleeping?
JB: ...There's been a lot of annoying work lately... I was just taking a little nap. Do you want something?
Yuuji: It's about that trip to Asako's grave. I decided to go today.
JB: ...Huuuuh? This is pretty abrupt... Didn't I tell you to report in once you figured out a date, with at least three days advance warning...?
Yuuji: Hrm... thing is, when I woke up this morning Asako was standing at my bedside with a bitterly resentful look on her face, cursing me for not visiting her grave―
Yuuji: I burst into tears and said "You've got it all wrong! It's all JB's fault," but she just didn't seem to buy it... 
JB: Come again!? Why'd you blame me!?
Yuuji: JB, you were just sleeping yourself, right? Tell me, has Asako's spirit paid you a visit yet?
JB: H-Hey... cut it out! I hate this sort of thing!
Yuuji: In any case, I've got to visit Asako's grave ASAP. Give me permission to leave the prefecture.
JB: ...All right, all riiight... I'll give you permission. Email me the means of transportation you'll be using and a full schedule itinerary, including any stopovers on the way...
Yuuji: Affirmative.
JB: ...Please don't tell me you're planning to spend days and days walking there again...?
Yuuji: No, this time I'll be using conventional public transport―
Narration: *―Halfway through the sentence, I happen to notice Amane's helmet lying in a corner of the room.*
Yuuji: Hold on... Actually, I think I'll get there on my own power after all.
JB: You're going to run!?
Yuuji: No, I'll go by motorbike.
JB: A motorcycle...? Whose?
Yuuji: I'm borrowing Amane's.
JB: It's going to be a huge headache if you break a traffic law or get in an accident, you know? Pleeeease just take the train...
Yuuji: How many times do I have to tell you that I can't stand trains?
JB: ...In that case, I won't give you permission... or so I'd like to say, but I doubt that would stop you...
Yuuji: Glad to see you understand the nature of our situation. Give me the go-ahead.
JB: ...*Sigggggh*... Make sure to email me the license plate, VIN, and Compulsory Insurance number of the vehicle you're using. Understood?
Yuuji: Got it. I'll send that before I leave...
Yuuji: ...All right then...
Makina: We're goin' on Ama-nee's Bobataro?
Yuuji: Bobataro...?
Makina: That's th' name of th' bike.
Yuuji: Ah. Yeah, that's right. Amane did say I could use it any time, you know? Figured I might as well take the chance to ride for the first time in a while.
Yuuji: She did insure the thing properly, right...?
Makina: I 'unno...
Yuuji: The documents would probably be with the vehicle itself, I guess... Let's go take a look.
Narration: *After finding a motorcycle key engraved with the letter "K" among numerous others dangling on a hook by the door inside Amane's room, Makina and I head to the parking lot near the courtyard.  *
Narration: *Amane does talk about this bike every once in a while, but I've never actually seen her riding the thing―*
Narration: *In fact, although I've noticed a likely-looking vehicle sitting under a cover in the lot, I've never actually cast eyes on the beast itself.*
Narration: *Amane once said "I'm not sure what the name was, but... a Kawataki 250, I guess?", so at first I'd pictured some sporty touring model with a parallel twin engine―  *
Narration: *But then again, Chizuru described it as a "Chopper" that wouldn't look out of place in an American biker gang. *
Narration: *So just what do we really have here? Bracing myself for anything, I tear off the cover dramatically...*
Yuuji: ...What the hell...?
Narration: *And still, the very first words out of my mouth are a simple expression of disbelief.*
Narration: *Even before I removed the tarp, I had the feeling something was off. For a general commercial model, the thing was just too short and too long.*
Narration: *And indeed, the vehicle under the sheet is no mere motorcycle. It's a genuine hot rod, ridiculously low-set, modified so violently that I can't even guess what the original model was.*
Yuuji: This is ridiculous... Looks like they cut it apart with a blowtorch and saw, then mashed it back together... And the rear suspension's ludicrously short. Can't even remember the last time I saw a low-rider like this...  
Narration: *Just from a glance, I can tell the frame's been cut at the neck, then elongated with a new weld at a different angle―*
Narration: *And the conventional seat rail seems to have been chopped off entirely, replaced by a small tandem seat sitting demurely on top of a tacked-on flat rear fender... *
Yuuji: ...Hell, even the main saddle's been replaced with a cruiser seat... 
Narration: *I'd been expecting to find the documents in the storage space under the seat, which clearly doesn't even exist anymore. For a moment, I just stare at the hacked-together monstrosity in astonishment.*
Narration: *I'm not that familiar with the genre, but I guess it's the sort of motorcycle you'd call "old school?"*
Yuuji: I see... This really is the sort of thing you could picture some American biker riding...
Narration: *That said, the delinquents over there are all riding supersports or power cruisers these days. The only people who really appreciate the classic "American style" anymore are old men with beer bellies and the Japanese...  *
Makina: Ooh, been a while since I've seen this guy.
Yuuji: Tell me, Makina, you have any idea where she's stashed the papers?
Makina: Mmm... prob'ly there? Not like there's anywhere else ya could put em, really.
Narration: *Makina points out an inconspicuous leather tool bag hanging off the side of the motorcycle, secured at the fastener with a small padlock.*
Yuuji: ...Ah, right.
Narration: *There'd been a small key I couldn't identify on the same ring as the motorcycle key. Guess that must be for the bag.*
Yuuji: ...Let's see, the papers are... Oh, there we go...
Narration: *After removing the lock, I begin rifling through the contents of the cylindrical bag. Sifting through a minor assortment of tools, I discover a sheaf of papers rolled into a plastic tube.*
Yuuji: ...Uhm... owner, Suou Amane. We've got the VIN and license plate number... and the compulsory insurance... Looks like it's good through April next year...
Yuuji: Damn... she's even got supplementary insurance, with a rider covering a passenger...
Makina: Welp, Ama-nee's got it together with that sorta stuff.
Yuuji: Hrm... we should learn from her example. All right then, looks like there won't be any issues using this.
Makina: Guess so. Th' only remainin' problem is whether it's actually gonna move!
Yuuji: ...What?
Makina: Seems like th' old man's been a bit out of sorts lately. She hasn't been ridin' it at all these days. 
Yuuji: ...Well, when you chop it up and sew it back together like Frankenstein's monster, it's hardly surprising the thing might get a little cranky...
Makina: Mmkay then, I'll leave Bobataro to you. I'm gonna get started on them lunches.
Yuuji: Indeed. I'll take care of it.
Yuuji: ...That said...
Narration: *Easy enough to talk big, but... what's the deal with this thing...? I can't even tell what it used to be before they started hacking away at it... *
Narration: *Looking at the papers, it seems like the base was an off-road motorcycle. More precisely, a dual-purpose trail bike that could handle messing around in the dirt―*
Narration: *But the motor model doesn't match the vehicle type... Did they swap in an engine from a totally different motorcyle...?*
Yuuji: Completely ridiculous... Hell, where do you even put the key into this thing? 
Narration: *There's nothing that looks like an ignition cylinder on the top bridge. After repeatedly looking over both sides of the frame, I finally discover the keyhole's been relocated under the main seat on the right.*
Narration: *Inserting the key, I give it an exploratory half-turn to the right―*
Narration: *And in the custom mini-meter wedged on the left of the tank, the green neutral light and red oil light blink to life.  *
Yuuji: Battery seems to be alive...
Narration: *I reach out to the right handle and feel around for the starter switches, but they aren't where I expected them to be either.*
Narration: *Looking more carefully at the engine, the self-starter motor seems to have been removed entirely. The hole's plugged up with a black rubber stopper.*
Yuuji: It's a kick...?
Narration: *Fighting down a wave of irritation, I look over the right side of the frame and find the kick start lever.*
Narration: *It's unusually shaped... looks custom-ordered. Probably designed to keep the brake from getting in the way when you're kicking down to start it.*
Yuuji: Wait, is this thing forward on the left and mid-control on the right...? Unbelievable... Guess I should be grateful they didn't throw on a suicide clutch while they were at it...
Narration: *Probably because the rear brake is a cable-pulling drum type, the pedal's positioned further back compared to the shift lever on the left side. Seems like it'd feel a little weird...*
Narration: *I mean, once the thing gets up to speed you'll just be resting your right foot on the forward peg anyway, but having to move your leg all the way back to get to the brake is even more disconcerting...*
Yuuji: ...In any case, let's see how the engine runs...
Narration: *I flip open the cap of the carelessly unlocked tank, and find plenty of gasoline inside―*
Narration: *And within seconds, I can see volatilizing petroleum shimmering in the summer sunshine. Looks as though the fuel's still good.*
Narration: *After switching the petcock valve under the tank from OFF to ON, I pull the choke plunger on the carburetor halfway out―*
Narration: *Then put my foot on the kick start and lightly press around the lever in search of top dead center. The moment I discover the point of greatest resistance, I give it a good hard kick.*
Yuuji: ...Oh? That was easy enough.
Narration: *Considering how long the vehicle's just been sitting here neglected, the motorcycle starts up so easily that it actually feels like a bit of an anti-climax. A vehicle this heavily customized is normally a bit more ornery...*
Yuuji: Was Amane actually keeping this thing maintained all the time it's been sitting here...? 
Narration: *―Just as I'm feeling a good bit of admiration for its owner, there's a strange little sneeze from the motorcycle's exhaust pipe, and its vigorously idling engine abruptly stalls.  *
Yuuji: ...Whoops. Well, figured it wouldn't be that easy...
Narration: *I give the kick pedal another vigorous step, but this time it doesn't even cough. There's no sign of the ignition even engaging.  *
Yuuji: ...You've got to be kidding me, right...?
Narration: *Battered by the blazing summer sun, lukewarm sweat trickling heavily down my forehead, I mash down on the kick lever again and again.*
Narration: *The neutral light's still on, so the electronics are still functioning...*
Narration: *The battery's a small MF type designed to power mopeds and scooters, but with a kick start that should be more than enough...  *
Narration: *Even though the electrical system's fine, we're not getting a spark... And the engine did start once, just a minute ago... which would mean...*
Yuuji: Ten bucks says the CDI's on the fritz...
Narration: *Capacitor discharge ignition, or CDI for short. It's a generic term for an electronic device that controls the ignition of an engine. *
Narration: *Among the extremely simple mechanical parts of a typical motorcycle engine, it stands out as a comparatively advanced piece of electronics―*
Narration: *Because of that complexity, it's not uncommon for it to malfunction, especially given its position in a rough environment of high heat and constant vibration. Sometimes it'll abruptly stop working entirely.*
Yuuji: Damn it... Where's the CDI...?
Narration: *Peering under the tank, I find the ignition coil and follow it along the harness...*
Yuuji: No... that's the turn signal relay... and this is the headlight booster relay... Okay, what's this thing? 
Yuuji: The fuse box? The fuse isn't blown... Goddammit... it's hot!! 
Narration: *A black puddle of sweat forms on the ground beside me as I squat next to the bike.*
Narration: *CDI... CDI... Where's the damn CDI...?*
Narration: *After a good ten minutes of groping along the harness, I finally notice an inconspicuous side cover just below the seat on the left side...*
Narration: *After removing it, I discover a square black object sitting next to the regulator/rectifier.*
Yuuji: ...Found it! There you are, you little bastard!!
Narration: *Carefully removing the coupler connecting the CDI to the harness, I intensely scrutinize the little black box, but there's no visual evidence of it being damaged.  *
Narration: *Then again, it's not exactly the sort of part you can reliably assess by eyeballing. Reaching my thumb around behind the plastic cover, I gently rub the electronic guts of the unit through their protective coat of epoxy resin.*
Narration: *When the CDI's keeping your engine from starting, this'll often be enough to bring it back to life. *
Narration: *Of course, that's really just a temporary stop-gap measure, not a resolution of the fundamental problem. But if this does get the engine firing again, that would confirm the CDI is responsible.*
Narration: *Reattaching the freshly-massaged piece of electronics to its coupler, I press down firmly on the kick pedal once more.*
Yuuji: ...I told you so, asshole! It really was the CDI! Hand over that ten!
Narration: *As I vent my spleen on some vaguely-defined imaginary foe, Amane's motorcycle... "Bobataro"... springs easily back to life, and proceeds to rumble pleasantly away underneath me.*
Yuuji: ...Have to say, though... this thing is pretty noisy...
Narration: *I'll take this sort of growling over high-pitched shrieking any day, but if I got this thing going and drove past some elementary school, it'd definitely be loud enough to get the kids grimacing and covering their ears with their hands.*
Yuuji: Oh well... guess I'll have to stuff some steel wool or something in the exhaust pipe and quiet it down... 
Narration: *I just watch over the thing as it idles for a while, but the engine doesn't seem inclined to sputter off again. Maybe the CDI itself wasn't the issue? The contact with the coupler might just have been off...*
Narration: *Temporarily stopping the engine, I check the oil and lights, then move on to testing the front and rear brakes. All good. But when I finally get around to looking at the air pressure on the tires...*
Yuuji: ...Christ, are you serious? It's got a damn flat... Am I going to have to change a tire in this absurd heat...? Cut me a damn break already...
Narration: *Sighing heavily, I lean my head back and gaze up into the sky. Within seconds, I can feel the tip of my nose scorching under the blazing sunlight.*
Narration: *I'm sorely tempted to just say "screw it"... but after all this effort, giving up and going by train would be seriously galling in its own right.*
Yuuji: This right here... might take some time...
Narration: *Muttering an excuse to no one in particular, I decide to temporarily return to my room and rehydrate myself.*
Narration: *For a moment, I'm seriously tempted to take the wheel off entirely and lug it back to my bathroom to patch up―*
Narration: *But fortunately, it doesn't prove to be anything quite that serious. When I start pumping air back into the tire, it inflates back up normally, and the pancake on the bottom disappears completely in a matter of minutes.*
Narration: *Why is that tube tires always manage to lose air just sitting in a parking lot...? While this minor mystery nags at me somewhat, by the time eleven rolls around we've successfully readied everything we need for our trip. *
Yuuji: Allll right! Are all preparations for departure complete!?
Makina: Boxed lunches prepared! Cell phone fully charged! Drinking water secured! Health insurance cards at the ready! We are good to go, sir!!  
Yuuji: Excellent! The time is currently eleven hundred hours... We're beginning the operation! All personnel embark!! 
Makina: Hooah!!
Narration: *Straddling "Bobataro" like a bold general swinging onto his warhorse, I deposit Makina in the tandem seat and make her firmly grab hold of my shoulders―  *
Narration: *Then kick the bike into first gear with the tip of my left foot, and slowly squeeze the clutch lever to the handle.*
Yuuji: ...Looks like it's going to be another hot one. You did put on sunscreen, right?
Makina: Yeah! You betcha! An' I made sure ta bring th' bottle along, so I can recoat too!
Narration: *As we begin to leisurely putter along the coastal road in the direction of Yamanashi Prefecture, Makina and I talk through the two-way FM radio we used for our sniper games, now hooked up to throat mikes for hands-free operation.*
Makina: You're a pretty good driver, Papa, aren't ya? I don't think this's any scarier than ridin' behind Ama-nee. You're not really goin' too fast, either.
Yuuji: You think...? I mean, what kind of an idiot would start roaring around on a bike like this? If a tire loses a little air, your levers'll be dragging along the ground. A low center of gravity is nice, but this is ridiculous...
Narration: *I've never driven a motorcycle this bizarrely low to the ground before, but just leisurely gliding along in the wake of the car ahead doesn't feel half-bad.*
Narration: *That said, I can't help thinking its overall lack of power and weak maneuverability is going to be an issue once we get on those steep mountain roads...*
Yuuji: Well, let's just take it slow and easy...
Makina: You an' Ama-nee are so lucky, Papa... Ya got licenses, so ya can go wherever you want like this.
Yuuji: You're old enough to have a license yourself, Makina. Why don't you take the test?
Makina: Mmm... I said th' same thing ta Ama-nee once, ya know? Told her I wanted ta get a license. And she's all, "Don't do that! It's too dangerous!" If it's so friggin' dangerous, how come she does it, ya know? What a total hippo-crit!
Yuuji: Well, guess I can sort of understand how she feels...
Narration: *It's easy to picture Makina hopping on a moped or something, shouting "Mmkay then, I'm goin' off ta play!" and tottering off into the distance―*
Narration: *At which point you'd be sitting by the phone biting your nails, waiting for a call from some hospital or the police... *
Narration: *But when you snatch away something from a child and tell them it's dangerous, they'll go to any lengths to play with it behind your back. *
Narration: *Personally, I feel like it's better just to let them learn under your strict supervision... but maybe that's a testosterone-infused way of looking at it. *
Makina: Wonder if I can learn ta drive this thing too...?
Yuuji: Let's see... The way you balance, turn, and stop are all pretty similar to a bicycle, so I don't think it'd be impossible for you to learn...
Yuuji: But unlike Amane, you're short and have stubby legs... might be a little tricky for you to get the hang of it right now. 
Makina: So that's a no?
Yuuji: For starters, let's stick to practicing on your bicycle. Maybe next time we can try some gymkhana in the parking lot at school...
Makina: Whassat?
Yuuji: It's an ideal game for learning the most fundamental part of operating a two-wheeled vehicle: shifting your body weight while controlling the contact patch and load on your tires. You compete for the best time on an obstacle course.
Makina: Hmmm. Sounds kinda fun!
Yuuji: You'll fall off constantly until you get used to it, you know? I know I did.
Makina: By th' way, Papa, when's th' first time you ever rode a motorcycle?
Yuuji: When I was fourteen or so, I think...? Drove around on the private land up in the mountains where I was living with my master.
Narration: *Right... she started me off by making me climb onto this full-sized dirt bike she used to ride, and my legs weren't even close to reaching the ground―*
Narration: *So I'd have to reach up and squeeze the clutch with one foot on the gear shift, then swing up onto the seat only after the thing started moving.*
Narration: *Getting it started wasn't a picnic, but stopping was just as much of a pain. I had a choice between decelerating as much as possible before jumping down onto the brake, or stopping myself manually with a foot against some stone or tree.*
Narration: *Looking back on it now, it's pretty impressive that I managed to ride the thing at all.*
Makina: What was it like? Were ya scared at first?
Yuuji: I'd been riding bicycles for a long time, so I don't remember being particularly scared...
Narration: *After all, I wasn't trying to pull any death-defying stunts. Compared to the terror I'd experienced previously, it probably didn't even register.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, I didn't feel particularly afraid the first time I took my master's place in the field, either.*
Narration: *Even after finishing the job, returning home, and completing my report, when she asked "Were you scared?" I honestly answered no. Hell, it almost felt like I'd had fun.  *
Narration: *But when night came, and there was nothing left to do but take a bath and go to sleep, I found myself holding my dick over the toilet bowl, completely unable to piss―*
Narration: *A small twinge of doubt ran through me, and I finally noticed that my hands were shaking.*
Narration: *As the tension finally drained out of me like a string removed from a bow, I was seized by terror so intense I thought I might never stop shaking.*
Narration: *I'd casually - almost thoughtlessly - slipped by a situation where one wrong step could've meant death. Mixed in with the fear was a wave of thankfulness for my sheer dumb luck.*
Narration: *I was fortunate today, but the dice might very well fall differently next time. With that thought, the shaking grew stronger... Even now, I can vividly remember the terror I felt that night.*
Narration: *―But after experiencing that fear again and again, I guess you could say I obtained the ability to control those feelings... or maybe I just gained a nose for danger, and the instinct to avoid it.*
Yuuji: ...When you get right down to it, I think it might just be a matter of experience and caution. Put in enough hours to develop the foresight to see trouble coming ahead of time, and you'll be completely fine.
Yuuji: You're at greatest risk when you start thinking "I'm on top of my game today. Bring it on!" Basically, don't get too carried away or you'll end up taking a fall.
Yuuji: That pretty much sums up riding a motorcycle. I already explained this with the bicycle last time, but any vehicle's safe enough as long as you stay aware of your surroundings and give yourself a generous margin for error.
Makina: I gotcha. It's like ya told me before, yeah? Go half yer comfortable maximum normally, an' 70% when you're in a rush. If it starts feelin' scary, you're already past 80%. Best ta stay at least one step below scary territory... right?  
Yuuji: Yeah, you've got the idea. Incidentally, right now I'm going at about half my baseline pace.
Makina: How fast're we goin' right now?
Yuuji: Don't know how much I can trust a mini-meter wedged onto a different company's bike, but roughly fifty kilometers per hour.
Makina: I see... Sorta one step above "pick it up, gramps" territory. 
Yuuji: Given this speed and following distance, even if the guy in front of us spills hot coffee on his pants and smashes into the guardrail, we wouldn't have any problem dealing with the situation.
Makina: Safety is fastest in the long run, right? Maybe I should try an' get a license like you guys after all...
Narration: *"What's it like drivin' a motorcycle, anyway?"*
Narration: *Posed this question by Makina, I briefly pause to consider.*
Narration: *Do you remember the first day you rode a bicycle?*
Narration: *For Makina, it was practically just the other day, so I'm sure she remembers it vividly. The feelings it inspired might not have even faded completely.  *
Narration: *On the day you learned to ride a bike, the day you pedaled alone down an unfamiliar road for the first time, didn't it feel like the world had suddenly grown larger around you?*
Narration: *This world's an endless road that can take you anywhere at all, and that bicycle could carry you much, much further than your weak little legs. That first day, did you ask yourself "Just how far can I go?"*
Narration: *The first day I rode a motorcycle, that open question was replaced with something that felt like an answer: "I can go wherever the hell I want!"  *
Yuuji: That's what a motorcycle is. You understand what I'm saying?
Makina: Mmm... I dun' gettit. Can ya give me the ab-reevy-ated version?
Yuuji: Aaah... hmmm... I don't know. You can go where you want, stop where you want, even just ride along with no destination at all if you want. That's what a motorcycle is.
Makina: Ya condensed it so much it's even harder to understand than before...
Narration: *I consult my watch to discover it's already one in the afternoon. As if on cue, Makina begins complaining about her grumbling stomach, so I pull over at random in a suitable spot and lay out our plastic picnic sheet for a late lunch.*
Narration: *The lunch boxes Makina prepared were, as she had declared earlier, packed primarily with freshly-baked cinnamon rolls and pumpkin bread.*
Narration: *According to Makina, making these required comparatively little effort on her part, as the bread machine took care of the primary fermentation. But that said, the taste is nothing to scoff at.*
Narration: *The girl claims that "anyone with a breadmaker an' a functional brain" could achieve such results. I'm slightly moved to learn that we're living in an era where even amateurs can produce bread of this caliber, but at the same time―*
Narration: *I feel as though I've caught a glimpse of dark clouds gathering on the horizon for the bakery industry.*
Makina: Hey, Papa! See all those short little trees growin' over there? Are those grape trees? 
Yuuji: Hmm? Okay. First of all, grapes grow on vines. Secondly, those are mulberry trees.
Makina: Mulberry? Issat, like, the grape's loyal companion?
Yuuji: Not that I know of. Why are you so caught up on the grapes, anyway?
Makina: I mean, we're in Yamanashi, ya know?
Yuuji: Okay, try not to talk as though Yamanashi's got nothing but grapes to offer the world. The good people of Koshu'll give you a swift boot to the rear.
Makina: Why not? Do they got somethin' other than grapes, then?
Yuuji: ............
Yuuji: ...Peaches...?
Makina: Papa, I think them Koshu people might end up comin' fer you first.
Yuuji: Wait, no! There's also hoto soup, and those rice cakes with black honey, and, uh...! Don't mess with the valley, okay? 
Makina: I'm not really messin' with anybody, ya know? Fer one thing, I love grapes an' peaches. Although Okayama's got plenty of that too!
Yuuji: ...Did you really have to say that last part? Such a cheeky little brat... Who'd you get that that chutzpah from, anyway?
Makina: I'm thinkin' you, Papa.
Yuuji: ...Oh, right. Well, anyway, that's a mulberry tree. Food for your Bombyx Mori.
Makina: There ya go again with the weird words. Who's this Mori guy?
Yuuji: What, you don't know about silkworm moths? You farm the larvae and make silk from their cocoons. The industry's been around forever, you know?
Makina: Silk's made by moth babies!?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's a natural fiber. You didn't know that either?
Makina: Sorta like makin' a violin bow from th' whiskers of a whale?
Yuuji: ...Wrong on many levels, but... the strange thing is, I can actually understand what you're trying to say somehow...
Makina: Can I go take a li'l look-see?
Yuuji: Just looking is fine by me, but don't start plucking off fruit, you got that? Also, put your hat on first.
Makina: Gotcha!
Narration: *Just like that, Makina darts off into the blazing sun, flapping her outstretched arms like a bird as she rushes over toward the mulberry field. Thanks to her diminutive frame, she looks like a young child heading off to play.*
Narration: *The girl shows interest in anything and everything she encounters. When she runs into something she doesn't understand, she immediately asks "Why?" *
Narration: *In return, I offer what answers I can from my own experience and knowledge. When that fails me, we think it over together. Sometimes hearing Makina's perspective leads me to new insights of my own.*
Narration: *I guess this might be what people mean when they say "Teaching someone means learning from them in return."*
Narration: *Come to think of it, it was my own instructor who told me that. The person who taught me everything, and made me want to learn in the first place. Not a parent, or a teacher...*
Narration: *―Kusakabe Asako.*
Narration: *My master, the woman who single-handedly built me up from nothing. For better or worse, I'm at least eighty percent the person she made me.*
Narration: *She found a whelp crawling along the bottom of the valley of despair, reached down her hand, and pulled it up into the world of human beings.*
Narration: *For Asako, picking me up might've been an afterthought. An impulsive, spur-of-the-moment decision. Not much more than a whim.*
Narration: *Even so, if I hadn't met her, I wouldn't be what I am today. I probably would've given up on life outright a long time ago.*
Narration: *But Asako was there, on that day, in that moment. She took me by the hand. Thanks to her, and the people around her... primarily a certain aggravating, shaggy-headed blond... I'm standing here today.*
Narration: *I'm still living, carrying the final words she left me in my heart.*
Narration: *What was the point of keeping a piece of trash like me alive...?*
Narration: *I want an answer to that question. That, more than anything else, is what keeps me going.*
Makina: Papaaa! Ah. Papa!
Yuuji: Hmm? Yeah? What's up...?
Makina: I saw th' mulberry field! There were lots and lotsa long-hornded beetles! 
Yuuji: No kidd... Hey, wait a second! What're you eating!?
Makina: Whoh? It's a watermelon, see? There's an ol' farmer lady over there, right? I got it from her, podna!
Yuuji: Okay... you put a finger in your mouth and stared at the melon with the big wistful eyes, didn't you? Please tell me you at least said thank you.
Makina: Weh! I thanked dat vielle somethin' proper.
Yuuji: ..."Weh?"
Narration: *...She's already picked up some weird snatches of Koshu dialect just from talking with a local for a few minutes? The girl sure adapts quickly... No, maybe her brain's just pliable as a piece of putty...?*
Narration: *I stand beside Makina, and bow deeply to the kind farmer.*
Yuuji: All right then, seems like we're more than hydrated enough. I think it's time we got back on the road.
Makina: Yus! Let's allons-y on th' double, Papere!
Yuuji: ...You know, your dialect's a little off there...
Narration: *Seems like the field artillery's practicing today. When my ears begin to pick up the air-shaking thunder of the guns in the distance, it feels like we've finally entered the Yamanashi I know.*
Narration: *Among the vehicles we pass on the road, squat medium trucks and High Mobility Vehicles painted khaki grow increasingly common―*
Narration: *At one point, I make eye contact with a commander sticking his head out of the cupola on a passing Type 96, and have to restrain the impulse to salute.*
Yuuji: Have to say, Makina... for someone who's supposedly so shy around strangers, you're pretty sociable. 
Narration: *Although Irisu Makina has firmly established her position as "the shy girl" at Mihama Academy, from what I've seen, this reputation seems somewhat overblown.*
Narration: *In fact, just the other day, I witnessed her impudently sponging chestnut candy off some old couple on a bench outside a sweet shop in the shopping district...*
Makina: How rude! Ya make me sound like some evil con artist, takin' advantage of addled old fogies with impaired judgment ta nab myself a few bits of candy!
Yuuji: Well, you did in fact proceed to munch away at the chestnuts with a dopey look of bliss on your face. There might've been some snorting and snuffling involved.
Makina: Well, yeah, maybe there was! Maybe I ate those suckers! But they AXED me "Do you want some?" so I just said "Yeah" like th' honest soul I am! It's not like I was beggin' for their chestnuts, ya know!?
Yuuji: Right. So my question is, how exactly are you supposed to be "shy" again...?
Makina: Grrrm... it's not like I'll talk ta just anyone, ya know? I sorta pick an' choose... 
Yuuji: Come to think of it, it does seem like you're always targeting kind-looking older people.
Makina: Look, can ya try not ta put it like that? I mean, not that yer wrong or anything, but... 
Yuuji: So I guess elderly people don't seem so scary? Is that it?
Makina: Well, sorta... Might just be that I'm more used ta them.
Makina: I mean, I was in th' hospital for six years with a buncha half-dead geezers for company, ya know? I got an eye for geezers by now.
Yuuji: ...Uh, what?
Narration: *So, what...? Because she spent all that time surrounded by "geezers," she never had the chance to pick up the niceties of interacting with people her age, making it awkward to approach them...? I guess?*
Makina: There's two kinds of old people out there. The ones who've tasted th' sweet an' th' bitter sides of life, gained th' perspective to accept th' world for what it is, an' eased into tranquil maturity―
Makina: And th' shameless rock-headed geezers who decide their experiences are th' only thing that matters, wastin' their final years bitterly cursin' everyone with different opinions or values...
Makina: People tend ta call the former a kindly elder, and the latter a grumpy old fogey, but anyhoo―
Makina: Since I was sittin' around in th' hospital for six whole years an' all, I'm pretty friggin' confident my ability to pick the good geezers from the rotten ones is on a whole different level!
Yuuji: I see...
Makina: In-cee-dental-ly, those half-dead geezers from th' hospital were also th' people who helped me brush up on my Japanese back when I could barely string a sentence together.
Yuuji: ...You know, I always thought you had something of the crotchety senior citizen about you... Guess that might explain why you sound so much like an old man sometimes...
Makina: I don't think yer one ta talk about soundin' crotchety, Papa. Heck, th' reason I started warmin' up to ya in the first place was I thought ya were kinda like a grandpa.
Yuuji: ...Hrm? A grandpa...?
Narration: *Well, I do get "You don't act much like a kid" pretty frequently, but this is a first... *
Makina: Ahh... well, I dunno. Maybe "grandpa" ain't th' right word, but... yer weirdly calm, I guess? And it's like, I dunno, there's somethin' real steady an' solid deep down at yer core... like a tough ol' tree or somethin'?
Makina: Like, a samurai? A young warrior...? That sorta vibe, maybe.
Yuuji: Now that you mention it, there was this one time JB saw me repairing my tools on the weekend... Said "You look like a ronin making umbrellas"...
Makina: Aaah, yeah, yeah! Somethin' like that!
Narration: *True enough, I've never disliked jobs that call for a steady accumulation of sober effort... but I can't say I was expecting a comparison to a masterless swordsman living austerely off his handicrafts...*
Narration: *About two and a half hours have passed since our departure from the dorm. We've reached an area I know by sight; no longer even bothering to check the map, I doggedly ride up familiar mountain roads toward our destination.*
Narration: *The path begins to narrow steadily. It's still paved, fortunately, but soon it's thin enough to deserve the description of "farm road." If a car were to come in the opposite direction, we wouldn't be able to pass each other by.*
Narration: *That said, the odds of us running into traffic are pretty much zero...*
Narration: *At this point, all we have ahead of us is one lonely cell phone tower and an iron gate guarding the entrance to an obscure national forest.*
Narration: *The only people we could possibly run into up here would be maintenance workers for the telecom company. Or tourists who took a few wrong turns, I suppose.*
Narration: *Bobataro labors up the final stretch of road, straining to carry his two passengers up the 15-degree slope (26 at its worst points). His tappets clack beneath us in a constant chorus of complaint.*
Narration: *And finally, after passing three sets of faded signboards reading "Authorized Personnel Only Beyond This Point" set some 100 meters apart, the iron gate we're looking for comes into view.*
Yuuji: ...We're here, Makina.
Makina: Whoopsy... doops.
Narration: *Makina spreads her legs wide open to push herself over the tandem seat, lowering herself to the ground in a less than refined fashion.*
Makina: Nhaaah! My bottom screams with agony! Are my buttocks bleedin'?
Narration: *The girl rubs her tender rear end through her skirt, twirling around like a dog chasing its own tail. Turning my back on her, I insert my key into the padlock on the hefty iron gate.*
Makina: So is this your mountain, Papa?
Yuuji: Well, it's technically the country's mountain. My master and I lived in the cabin up here, managing the land.
Makina: Where's this cabin? I don't see it...
Yuuji: Let's see... Guess it's about a thirty minute walk from here?
Makina: Geh! We gotta walk!?
Yuuji: I'd like to ride up there myself, but I don't think Bobataro here would handle a rocky slope like this too well...
Narration: *Beyond the open gate, a coarse gravel road continues into the mountain, slanting sharply upward at a good thirty degrees or so...*
Narration: *Unless you're driving a 4WD Jeep or dirt bike with off-road tires, getting a vehicle up this would be pretty tricky.*
Narration: *Amane's Bobataro is a road bike, poorly suited to mountain trails to begin with... and given the ridiculous low-rider remodeling, it'd clearly get its belly stuck in the dirt before climbing ten meters.*
Makina: ...Don't tell me... we're gonna be climbin' a ridiculously steep trail like this fer thirty straight minutes...?
Yuuji: No, it's only steep by the entrance. After thirty meters or so, the slope gets a lot more gentle.
Makina: Hrrrm. Suppose there's nothin' for it. I'll try ta think of it as a nice li'l leisure hike...
Narration: *I kill Bobataro's engine, then sling Makina's rucksack over my left shoulder. Leaving our friend sitting in first gear in the middle of the road, the two of us step past the gate...*

Makina: The instant you take a bite, fresh cream comes splurting out from all sides! I name it "One-Bite Overflow!" This sucker's gonna sell! Won't be easy to eat, but it'll sell!
Yuuji: Not sure if I follow the logic there, but... a passion for experimentation is a good thing...
Narration: *In a society defined by abundant plenty, something that's "tasty but tricky to eat" might distinguish itself as high-class precisely because of the slight inconvenience involved. The girl might not be too far off conceptually.*
Narration: *That's all well and good, but at this point Amane takes the conversation down a troubling new path.*
Amane: Uhm, so... this's been bugging me for a while, but why's this "melon bun" round? Don't that make it ah Sunrise instead?
Narration: *Thanks to this cryptic remark from our former Kanto resident, "What the heck is a Sunrise?" becomes the hot topic of the moment... Not that I particularly give a shit...*

Narration: *The man snapped open a small aluminum case he'd swiped along with the wallet, finding the inside full of business cards. *
Laborer: ...Hmm... an IGS kid, huh... I see...
Policeman: Hey! What're you doing in there!?
Narration: *The man in the work uniform knew that voice all too well. And this wasn't the first time he'd been rendered half-blind by that overly bright flashlight, either. Softly clicking his tongue, he got to his feet.*
Policeman: Oh, come on! You again, Kazami-san!? Can you cut me a break here already?
Yuuji: It's not like I did anything this time, you know...
Policeman: So what's with the getup? Finally get kicked out of school and enter the working world?
Yuuji: I'm a working student. This is the uniform from my part-time job.
Policeman: Something smells about this... What were you doing back there...?
Yuuji: Not much. Happened to find a wallet over there, so I was looking it over to see if I could return it to the owner...
Policeman: Really now? You didn't just snatch that, did you...?
Yuuji: Come on, I'm being a good samaritan here, you know? Here, this is the wallet...
Policeman: ...Hm? All right, looks like the money's still inside... Didn't pocket any for yourself, did you?
Yuuji: I'm not desperate enough to steal other people's money. I work for my food, as you can see.
Policeman: I see. Yeah, just a joke. Sorry.
Yuuji: More importantly, seemed like the owner had some business cards in there...
Policeman: Hm? Aah, there they are... let's see here. IGS Detective Agency, Investigator... Ihara Naoyuki, huh...?
Yuuji: Hmm... a detective, huh? Guessing from the contents of his wallet, it doesn't seem like that lucrative a profession. 
Policeman: What, you looked inside?
Yuuji: Well, yeah, of course. That a crime now?
Policeman: No, not really, but...
Yuuji: IGS Detective Company, eh... The "Iizuka General Security" private investigative agency, right? Wasn't that Iizuka Satoru guy who runs it a Sakuradamon alum?
Policeman: ...You're well-informed.
Yuuji: The name's pretty famous, that's all... Oh, but I did hear they dabble in some "behind-the-scenes" political jobs as well. Any truth to that?
Policeman: ...The heck do I know? In any case, I'll take care of this wallet. Come with me to the neighborhood station. 
Yuuji: What, again? Your boss isn't going to be too happy if you drag me back in.
Policeman: Maybe so, but it's standard procedure to register the finder's full name and contact address...
Yuuji: Why not just say you're the one who found it? Even if you write my name down, Ichigaya's just going to have the paper torn up. You'd only be making trouble for yourself.
Policeman: Hmmm... I don't know...
Yuuji: Okay. Here, give me that wallet for a minute.
Policeman: What're you going to do...?
Yuuji: I'm going to drop it on the ground. Then you're going to pick it up. That way you won't be falsifying your documents.
Policeman: ...Fine, whatever... I'll say I found the damn thing... 
Yuuji: Why not at least pretend to pick it up?
Policeman: Yeah, yeah... What's this!? Someone seems to have dropped a wallet here! ...Satisfied now?
Yuuji: Good job. Oh, while we're at it... take these too.
Policeman: ...A cell phone? And... what's this thing?
Yuuji: A voice recorder. Unfortunately, somebody or other seems to have cleared the memory... It was just lying here with the wallet.
Policeman: Hey... you really didn't steal this stuff, did you!?
Yuuji: Word of advice... Don't ask any more questions. I'm willing to bet your life's going to go a lot smoother that way.
Policeman: ...True, the higher-ups told me to put up with you. But the thing is, Kazami-san... I didn't become a police officer to look the other way when someone commits a crime, you know?
Yuuji: And I'm not saying you should. You have my word, I'm not looking to make you complicit in any evil-doing on my part.  
Policeman: ...Kazami-san, buddy, you really are a giant pain in the ass...
Yuuji: Human beings can't live without inconveniencing others.
Policeman: ...Well, whatever... I just happened to find this wallet here. Didn't even see you... Good enough?
Yuuji: That works. Speaking from experience, people who know when to keep their mouth shut get ahead in life faster. You'll climb the ladder in no time.
Policeman: ...Great. Thanks so much...
Yuuji: Okay, I'll be going now.
Policeman: Don't make too much work for me, all right? Next time, I really will arrest you. 
Yuuji: I'll watch my step...
Narration: *Starving highway robbers in war-torn countries will murder people for a single can of food. Comparatively speaking, a filched wallet is hardly worth whining about, right? ...Not that I'm dumb enough to voice the thought.*
Narration: *When people are raised in different environments, they'll naturally look at the exact same things in very different ways.*
Narration: *But I'm not complaining.*
Narration: *A peaceful way of life - not seeing things best left unseen, ignorant of facts best left unknown - needs to be supported from the shadows.*
Narration: *And that's the one and only reason anyone would bother keeping trash like me around.*
Date: *August 12, 2011, 10:00 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―IGS Detective Agency. A major private investigation company, profitable enough to plaster ads across giant billboards in front of Tokyo train stations. Well-known for its founder, the former Sakuradamon bigshot Satoru Iizuka...*
Narration: *Lately, the man's been getting a lot of face time as a security expert on news programs and such, earning plenty of free publicity for his agency. It's a well-known, respectable business.*
Narration: *But IGS is also well-versed in shady political dealings, thanks to a tendency to offer retiring police lucrative advisory jobs. For a private business, you hear a lot of rumors about their involvement with incidents concerning the "establishment."*
Narration: *In reality, however, they do seem to know where to draw the line. IGS claims to be a completely independent private company with no tolerance for illegal behaviour, and it doesn't seem to be just a pretense.*
Narration: *The fact that one of their employees was investigating Makina's behavior means that her enemies are still in the exploratory stage for now. Those people aren't going to harm her even if I leave them alone.*
Narration: *The question is how long that harmless observation will continue. And what comes after it.*
Narration: *I decide to try and analyze the situation from the ground up. There are four basic questions here: "Why?" "Who?" "How?" And finally, "What do I do about it?"*
Narration: *"Why" is Makina being targeted?*
Narration: *She was removed from her position as the successor of her family because of health problems, but now her recovery has been confirmed. Simple as that.*
Narration: *Until now, Makina's good health hadn't been public knowledge. That was protecting her. Otherwise, the girl probably would've been targeted the moment she was discharged from the hospital.*
Narration: *Next question, "Who" is targeting Makina―*
Narration: *Logically speaking, it's the people who'd be inconvenienced by her return as the future head of the Irisu. In other words, the branch house or its allies...*
Narration: *Learning that Makina had recovered, the main family attempted to murder the branch family's figurehead, her half-sister.*
Narration: *In retaliation, the branch family is beginning to maneuver behind the scenes, most likely aiming at removing Makina from the equation.*
Narration: *And as for "How" that powerful faction inside the Irisu intends to treat Makina from now on... *
Narration: *For the moment they're still gathering information, but once they're satisfied with the investigation, they'll probably move to take more direct action against her.*
Narration: *Since she's staying put for the moment, I'm anticipating they'll begin with a harassment campaign to intimidate her. But there's a definite chance that might progress into attempts on her life.*
Narration: *...In the end, what do I do?*
Narration: *The answer's not going to change, no matter who I'm up against.*
Narration: *That said, there's a possibility of this opponent choosing to come at us with force of arms, and we don't have the personnel or equipment to resist.*
Narration: *"In that case... how about seizing the initiative...?"*
Narration: *Better to crush cockroaches before they hatch.*
Narration: *Take it one step further, and it's most efficient to kill the mother roach before she can even lay her eggs. *
Narration: *Of course, if I try anything along those lines, there won't be any turning back.*
Narration: *My employer would no doubt hunt me down, but... I'd rather die keeping her safe than live as a slave to the national interest.*
Yuuji: ...Whoa! Sakaki? What's wrong?
Narration: *Seems I was a little too deeply lost in thought. I didn't even notice Sakaki until she was standing right in front of me.*
Yumiko: ...Why don't you tell me!?
Narration: *With this remark, Sakaki abruptly reaches out for my face, then tightly seizes my cheeks between her thumbs and forefingers.*
Yuuji: ...Owch... Wha'he...? Why're you had...?
Yumiko: What a terrible face...
Yuuji: Haybe you could shop pinching me, then...
Yumiko: ...I don't know what exactly you're brooding about, but you're not going to be popular with girls if you keep making such frightening faces...
Yuuji: ...Shay what?
Yumiko: Try taking a look in the mirror. Your eyes are clouded, but shining with malice... It's like staring down a wild beast...
Yuuji: ...Gh... Men are all heasts, you 'now...
Yumiko: Seems you've got the composure to crack stupid jokes, at least... Tell me, did you even realize that Komine-san was trying to talk to you earlier?
Yuuji: Hm? Sachi was? When...?
Yumiko: Just a few minutes ago. It seems she addressed you several times as you stood here...
Yumiko: But you didn't even respond... and because you were scowling like a cornered animal, it seems she quickly grew unable even to try.
Yuuji: I see... Sorry... got a little lost in thought...
Yumiko: ...I'm not sure if "bloodthirsty" is quite the right word, but... whatever you're doing out here is making the atmosphere throughout the dorm unpleasantly tense...
Yumiko: I'd very much appreciate it if you tried not to glower like that around our kids.
Yuuji: Our kids...?
Yumiko: Aah... I meant our Academy's students, not my children.
Yuuji: You have children...?
Yumiko: No! No, I do not!
Yuuji: Hust a hoke...
Narration: *I try my best to smile, but I just can't seem to get it right.*
Narration: *I suppose the fact that Sakaki's pinching my cheeks with renewed vigor has something to do with that, but that's not the only problem. The girl's right. I'm on edge, to the point of unconsciously projecting a menacing "aura."*
Narration: *In fact... it's pretty damn impressive that Sakaki managed to pinch my cheeks under those circumstances. I look at her with just a little admiration in my eyes.*
Yuuji: ...My bad...
Narration: *Exhaling deeply as if to clear out a mass of bad air gone stagnant in my lungs, I let the tension drain from my shoulders, then unclench my fists.*
Narration: *Sakaki, who'd been glaring at me irritably all this time, peers deep into my eyes to confirm I've regained lucidity―*
Yumiko: ...All right.
Narration: *―Then briefly nods and releases my smarting cheeks at last.*
Yumiko: I assume something's happened involving Irisu-san, yes?
Yuuji: Why do you know that...?
Yumiko: While I'm a little ashamed to admit it, I recently looked a little deeper into her circumstances. And on paper, it seems she's still the future head of the Irisu... while her sister is the "acting" successor and nothing more...
Yuuji: What does that mean...?
Yumiko: It means there was no formal resignation. She never officially stopped being the successor.
Yuuji: But the girl's not interested in inheriting. She made that very plain to her grandfather.
Yumiko: And? The Irisu are hardly a monolith... and surely you're aware this isn't quite that simple. No matter how firmly the girl declares she's stepping aside, they aren't going to shrug and say "Okay then, do keep in touch."
Yuuji: Then what can we do?
Yumiko: Well, let's see... Hold a conference in the presence of witnesses, complete the formal resignation procedures, and entrust her position to a new successor. Not that it's going to be that easy...
Yuuji: Why not? Sounds pretty straightforward.
Yumiko: There are too many people who've placed their faith in the main house's continued control of the clan... Too many subsidiaries and foreign joint enterprises financed directly by the current leadership...
Yumiko: They'll face serious repercussions if the main house's representative loses sovereignty of the Irisu. And they're not going to take that sitting down.
Yumiko: This is largely speculation on my part, but...
Yumiko: Should control of the Irisu pass to the branch family at the present time, I would estimate the finance, retail, manufacturing, and export/import industries would stand to suffer a short-term recession of roughly 7 percent.
Yuuji: ...Seven percent across the entire country?
Yumiko: Yes, that's correct. From a global perspective, the figure would be something like 1.7 percent. I imagine it would provide new fuel to the global financial crisis of the last few years. Perhaps we could call it the "Irisu Shock?" 
Yuuji: In other words... Makina saying "no" would impact the entire world...?
Yumiko: Indeed. Sometimes running away isn't an option. Sometimes the world simply won't permit it...
Yuuji: ...Makina's still a child, Sakaki...
Yumiko: Irisu-san is the main family's figurehead. Whether she's an adult or not has nothing to do with it...
Yuuji: What feudal bullshit... They just want to use the blood in her veins...
Yumiko: It's certainly unfortunate, but... that's the fate she was born with.
Yuuji: ...Is there nothing we can do about that?
Yumiko: Take the long, slow path of gradually transferring sovereignty... Perhaps in twenty years, she'll be able to resign formally. The alternative would be... 
Yuuji: There's an alternative...?
Yumiko: ...Run away for another three years.
Yuuji: Three years? What happens in three years?
Yumiko: Irisu-san yielded her position to her sister seven years ago on the grounds of poor health... If she's unable to return to her duties as the successor within a period of ten years, she's legally deprived of her inheritance rights...
Yuuji: ...In other words, if she doesn't return to her old position within the next three years...
Yumiko: That's right. Irisu-san's rights and privileges will be revoked. She'll become a normal girl...
Yuuji: Three years, huh...?
Narration: *For me alone, disappearing for three years wouldn't be impossible...*
Narration: *But if I'm taking Makina along as well, the situation almost certainly wouldn't be so simple.*
Narration: *The main house would be using all their power to search for her. And the branch family, too, would no doubt try to take the opportunity to secure their position by assassinating Makina while she's on the run and vulnerable.*
Yumiko: At the very least... while Irisu-san is in this school, her safety has been guaranteed. But I don't know how much that promise will really mean in the end...
Yuuji: ...I don't understand. What connection is there between the Irisu and this school...? 
Yumiko: It's nothing you could really call a "connection," but... people connected to the branch family were responsible for Irisu-san's admission to this school...
Yuuji: Members of the branch family put her here...? Why...?
Yumiko: Think about it... If they could isolate her in this school for three more years, she would be divested of her inheritance rights, yes...?
Yumiko: And so, without even informing the main family of her release from the hospital, they quietly shuffled her off into a pleasant little cage. That's why she's here.
Yumiko: As a matter of fact, the main family only discovered her presence here very recently...
Yumiko: Supposedly, the branch family even arranged for a body double in the hospital she'd been staying in earlier. It was a fairly well-laid plan...
Yuuji: ...My head's starting to hurt... So in other words, as long as she stays in this school, under the branch family's control, Makina's safe... Is that what you're telling me?
Yumiko: ...It's what I would have told you. Up until her sister was nearly killed by a car bomb, at least...
Yuuji: But the status quo's already been broken...
Yumiko: Exactly. All bets are off.
Yuuji: ...No choice but to crush the eggs, after all...?
Yumiko: ...There you go again with that frightening face... Shall I give your cheeks another pinch?
Yuuji: ...Look, Sakaki, I...
Yumiko: Keep calm. This isn't a problem you can solve on your own. You do understand that, yes?
Yuuji: Yeah... I understand. But that doesn't mean I'm going to stop trying...
Yumiko: ...So stubborn...
Yuuji: She's the one thing in the world I decided to protect of my own will, not because someone ordered me to... I can't very well back down, can I...?
Yumiko: ...If I said I envied Irisu-san, just a little... I imagine it would come off as rather insensitive, wouldn't it...?
Yuuji: Better not say that in front of her, at least...
Yumiko: In any case, this isn't a problem you can resolve in a day or two. For the moment, fortunately, the head and branch families seem to have their hands full throwing accusations back and forth over the negotiating table...
Yumiko: My information is admittedly limited, but I'll inform you of any changes I'm able to detect. How about watching and waiting for the time being?
Yuuji: I suppose so...
Date: *August 15, 2011, 08:00 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Narration: *―Just as Sakaki said, there are no immediate changes in Makina's everyday life. She's able to follow her usual routine without incident.*
Narration: *On the days when she works at the bakery, I quietly follow her on the way over, and in the evenings I wait outside to walk her home. It's starting to become a normal part of my day.*
Narration: *When I slip out of the school's front gate a little after Makina, I never fail to spot a certain silver station wagon following her...  *
Narration: *Presumably more observers from that IGS Detective Agency.*
Narration: *The first time I casually glanced in through the side window, I noticed that the man holding the steering wheel wasn't that Naoyuki Ihara guy who'd screwed up last time.*
Narration: *Idiots clumsy enough to get their wallet stolen while following a target presumably get reassigned to pushing paper around. I felt a small twinge of conscience. Passed quickly, though.*
Narration: *I don't know who the new guy in charge is, but since he was given the job after the dunce failed, he's most likely a pretty competent investigator. On top of which, we've now got two men assigned to the case.*
Narration: *From what Sakaki tells me, the people employing IGS are indeed connected to the branch family.*
Narration: *In short, they're probably trying to determine whether Makina's obediently keeping her head down... Looking for any evidence of her coming into contact with the main family.  *
Narration: *The silver station wagon follows a good distance behind Makina until reaching the shopping district, at which point the man sitting in the passenger seat gets out―*
Narration: *While the driver takes the vehicle around to park in an hourly lot on the other side of the station, then leans the seat back and lies down.*
Narration: *It's what they call a "package drop" at my workplace. Since they've got two men on the job now, the observer and his driver seem to have a clear division of labor. Makes it easier to deal with sudden or unforeseen developments.*
Narration: *Might seem slightly excessive just to keep an eye on Makina, but the bulk of their work actually seems to be investigating the people who enter the bakery where she works.*
Narration: *The owner and his wife would already have been thoroughly checked, so instead they're photographing every single customer who stops by with a digital camera.*
Narration: *They keep it up continuously from nine in the morning till later than five in the evening. When Makina goes out to deliver bread, the man in the car heads over to her destination, while his partner continues watching for customers in her absence.*
Narration: *It must be ridiculously dull work, but they're very consistent and conscientious. Clearly a private detective's life isn't all thrills.*
Narration: *But despite this obsessive investigation, they haven't found any suspicious individuals coming into contact with Makina.*
Narration: *If there's a reason besides stubbornness that the branch family hasn't called off the surveillance at this point, Sakaki speculates it might have something to do with me.*
Narration: *Looking into the people around Makina would naturally mean they pursued a thorough round of inquiries into the identities of those related to her school as well.*
Narration: *The principal would be first on the list, but it no doubt included the visiting lecturers and the contractors who maintain the facilities. Sakaki, Amane, Michiru, and Sachi can't have been an exception.*
Narration: *And among all these, there's one and only one individual whose investigation would've turned up absolutely nothing. Myself, Kazami Yuuji.*
Narration: *Of course, I do have a profile. Anyone with a bit of knowledge about these things would find it suspicious at a single glance, but there aren't any conclusive flaws or contradictions. My papers are clean and beautiful as driven snow.*
Narration: *There must be someone over there who didn't like that overly tidy, blatantly "prepared" personal history. That would seem the most likely explanation for the way they're dragging out this fruitless surveillance of Makina's surroundings.*
Narration: *They're probably aware that this investigation isn't getting anywhere, but they're not prepared to back down until they get a read on me.*
Narration: *I'm sure IGS isn't too broken up about this state of affairs, since they're no doubt getting paid well for their dull but easy work. On the other hand, the branch family must be getting pretty aggravated by the deadlock.*
Narration: *"If we can't finish the investigation, why not just remove the need to investigate?" I don't know who made that call, but today the routine is finally broken.*
Narration: *In the early evening, I'm making my way over to the bakery to pick up Makina when I notice a black sedan surging up the road ahead, the classless roaring of its exhaust system drawing louder and louder as it approaches.*
Narration: *That's not the only reason the car stands out. All the side windows are covered with dark black film, and it's so low to the ground it's probably a cut-spring...*
Narration: *Zig-zagging across the road to avoid a manhole cover, the car screeches to a halt in front of Makina's bakery. And before I can do anything but start in surprise, the window on the passenger side abruptly slides open.*
Narration: *"...You've got to be shitting me!!"*
Narration: *As I take a first hurried step forward, my scalp burning with a sudden surge of panic, the muzzle of an automatic appears from inside the car.*
Yuuji: ...God damn it!!
Narration: *I'd been too happy-go-lucky. It's not so complicated from their perspective, is it? Eliminating Makina solves their problem in a single step.*
Narration: *And of all the cliched, simplistic ways to do it... I hadn't even considered the damn possibility!*
Narration: *For a moment that seems to last a year, all I can do is curse my negligence.*
Narration: *As the attackers speed past, I turn to memorize the number and make of their car. There's a sticker on the rear window with the words "Team Blood Cherry" under a crude sketch of a skull holding a cherry bomb in its teeth.*
Narration: *"...A biker gang...?"*
Narration: *It's also possible that they're pros in a stolen vehicle, pretending to be gangsters as a cover... but that's not what matters right now. *
Makina: ...Papa!!
Yuuji: Makina...! You're all right! Any injuries!?
Makina: What just happened!? I heard somethin' noisy outside, and then alluva sudden it's like bang bang bang! The window in the shop just shattered!!
Yuuji: Calm down. It was just some idiots from a biker gang screwing around. More importantly, you weren't injured?
Makina: ...Y-Yeah... I was in the kitchen in the back, so I'm fine... But what's goin' on? A gang...? 
Yuuji: In any case, let's get back inside for the moment...
Narration: *A drive-by shooting is a lot like a bombing.*
Narration: *By which I mean, the safest place you can be is one that's been hit already. There aren't many idiots who'll plug another bullet right where they fired the first one.*
Narration: *When I enter the bakery with Makina, the owner is cradling a telephone against his shoulder, desperately explaining that shots were fired through his window.*
Narration: *From the tone of his voice, it's clear he's taking to the police. The nearest neighborhood station is right outside Mishima Cape Station, not even two hundred meters away as the crow flies... They should be here in minutes.*
Narration: *"...Please don't let it be that guy again..."*
Narration: *At times like these, my bad premonitions are depressingly accurate. Last thing I want to deal with right now is my good friend Officer Sour-Face and his usual barrage of sarcasm and suspicion. Time to get moving.*
Narration: *Under the circumstances, I was expecting a little resistance if Makina tried to leave as usual―*
Narration: *But when the girl asks "Can I go home now?" her employer just nods and says "Good night."*
Narration: *Now that the terror has faded, the man seems to have worked up a good bit of outrage over the damage to his shop. He's too busy shouting at the policeman on the other end of the line to worry about anything else.*
Yuuji: ...All right, let's go home...
Makina: ...Yeah...
Narration: *Despite her dopey personality, Makina's got sharp instincts. She's surely figured out by now that the bullets fired into the shop weren't a random prank. A gloomy expression's settled onto her face.*
Narration: *I fall into step next to the girl, then wrap an arm around her shoulders and pull her close in a casually protective gesture.*
Narration: *―Four bullets were fired in the direction of the shop.*
Narration: *The first hit their signboard. The second and third penetrated the glass in the front show windows, ultimately lodging in the rear walls of the bakery. The fourth hit a plastic bucket in the alleyway outside.*
Narration: *Most likely, they weren't fired at any particular target. The point of the shooting was to intimidate and threaten the people inside. In other words, it was simple harrassment...*
Narration: *A warning to the effect of "We could kill you at any time if we needed you dead."*
Narration: *Of course, the intent of the attackers doesn't change the fact that potentially deadly bullets were fired at her store. It's no consolation in the slightest.*
Narration: *Should this simple but effective threat convince Makina to quit her job at the bakery, it'd minimize her contact with the outside world and reduce the time wasted on fruitless investigations.*
Narration: *For the branch family, it was probably a minor risk well worth taking.*
Yuuji: ...Are you all right...?
Narration: *Makina's been trudging along silently at my side for some time, looking down at the pavement below. She hasn't said a word since we left the bakery.*
Makina: ...This sucks... I always end up causin' trouble for th' people around me...
Yuuji: As if there's a single person in the world who isn't causing trouble for someone...
Makina: But... I think I'm about th' only kid who gets ya trouble like bullets through your windows...
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *There was a driver in that car with her sister. Not that I'm going to remind her.*
Makina: Maybe... I should just go home after all...? That way... I wouldn't make trouble for anybody, right...?
Yuuji: Maybe so... But you don't want to go back, do you?
Makina: Yeah...
Yuuji: Then you don't have to.
Makina: But...
Yuuji: Not to worry. I'll make sure this sort of thing doesn't happen again...
Makina: How're you gonna do that...? What're you planning, Papa? Stop it... Don't do anything dangerous... Please don't...
Yuuji: It's nothing particularly dangerous. I'm just going to get the police to give this their full attention.
Makina: ...The police...?
Yuuji: It's an organization that exists to keep law-abiding citizens safe and secure. Only normal to rely on them at times like these, right? 
Makina: Yeah...
Yuuji: Nothing to worry about. Leave it to me.
Makina: Yeah...
Narration: *To be honest, my employer has a tendency not to view "relying on the police" favorably, and I don't personally enjoy begging them for favors myself.*
Narration: *But the organization exists, and it's powerful enough once it gets moving. Not making use of them would be foolish.*
Narration: *Once we've made our way back to the dorm, I entrust the clearly depressed Makina to Komine Sachi. *
Narration: *I also considered the option of leaving this to Amane, but I decided our class representative would be the better choice this time.*
Narration: *My reasoning concerns what you might call Sachi's peculiar virtues... *
Narration: *Specifically, a certain "quickness on the uptake" characteristic of an experienced maid, and the modesty to refrain from asking too many questions.*
Narration: *When I abruptly show up and ask her to look after Makina, the girl doesn't request even the briefest of explanations... *
Sachi: Yes, please leave the rest to me.
Narration: *―Instead, she nods her assent without even a moment's hesitation.*
Narration: *Things wouldn't have gone nearly this smoothly with Amane.*
Narration: *When it comes to Makina, the woman's something of a worrywart. She wouldn't be able to help barraging us with questions...*
Narration: *Although I'm sure Amane'd eventually understand the matter's best left alone, it'd bother her so much that she'd end up getting gloomy too. That might leave Makina feeling even worse than before.*
Narration: *I'll have to explain what happened to Amane and the others in due time, but for the moment leaving it to Sachi is probably the optimal choice.*
Sachi: Maki-chan, do you want to come to my room? Shall I make some chocolate milk?
Makina: Yeah... Thanks, Sacchin...
Narration: *Sachi turns around with a flutter of her long skirt, gently rests a supportive hand on Makina's back, and heads for her room.*
Narration: *For just an instant the class representative looks back over her shoulder, her face expressionless as ever, and fixes her clear eyes on mine―*
Narration: *"I'd like to hear the circumstances later."*
Narration: *―She doesn't make a sound, but I hear the words clearly enough.*
Narration: *I nod briefly, then make my way up the stairs and head toward a certain room.*
Yuuji: ...Sakaki, it's me.
Yumiko: ...And who's that?
Yuuji: Me, your grandson. I'm in trouble. Please transfer one million yen to the following bank account...
Yumiko: ...Please take the scam somewhere else. I'm busy.
Yuuji: Sorry to interrupt, but please open the door. This is urgent.
Yumiko: .........
Narration: *There's a brief moment of what seems like hesitation on her part, but soon the lock clacks open.*
Yumiko: ...Well? What's this "urgent" business of yours, then?
Yuuji: I'm bleeding from my crotch and it just won't stop. Got any extra sanitary napkins?
Yuuji: Hey! I was just kidding! Come back!
Yumiko: Next time you make a stupid joke like that, I'll make it reality.
Yuuji: Sorry. This is serious, all right? Please hear me out.
Yumiko: ...Go ahead, then. What is it?
Yuuji: Let me borrow your computer.
Yumiko: ...What?
Yuuji: There's something I need to look into. I'd like to be alone in the room, if that's possible...
Yumiko: ...What are you planning to investigate?
Yuuji: Kind of a long story...
Yumiko: You expect me to agree without any explanation whatsoever?
Yuuji: Point taken... Okay, I'll give you the executive summary. Someone took a few potshots at the bakery where Makina works.
Yumiko: ...Wha...
Yuuji: Fortunately, no one was injured. But it's most likely harassment from the branch family to make her quit the job.
Yumiko: ...Ah... so they've finally begun to take action...
Yuuji: That's the theory, but I can't say for sure who was responsible yet. That's what I want to borrow your PC to investigate.
Yumiko: ...All right, then... but do me a favor and don't access any strange websites...
Yuuji: Appreciate it. I'll let you know when I'm done, so go kill some time reading the porn magazines under my bed or something.
Yumiko: ............
Yumiko: ...That was a joke, yes...?
Yuuji: Why don't you take a look and see?
Yumiko: Very well then... Just so you know, if there really are any I'm going to burn them.
Yuuji: Feel free.
Narration: *I give Sakaki a little wave as she stalks out of the room.*
Narration: *Wonder what sort of expression she'd make if I changed her PC wallpaper to a picture of my groin? Unfortunately, there's no time for such absurd pranks at the moment.  *
Narration: *I switch on the notebook computer sitting on her desk, then hunt around in my breast pocket for JB's business card as the machine boots up.*
Narration: *Underneath a simple but professional logo consisting of the letters A and C overlapping, the words "Asahi Clean LLC, Second Public Relations Section" and "Harudera Yuria - Section Chief" are printed in embossed type...*
Narration: *In a smaller font below, there's an email address and a url for the company's web page.*
Narration: *Once the computer loads its desktop, I immediately open a web browser, then type in the address...  *
Narration: *And just as you'd expect, a typical corporate front page for the Asahi Clean company appears.*
Narration: *Normally, I'd only be using this through our company's secure internal telecommunications network...*
Narration: *But even using a normal public connection, it's possible to get access to our database through an emergency ID and login.*
Narration: *―However, the company's not quite so happy-go-lucky as to hand out such lovely authorization to a mere "part-timer" like myself.*
Narration: *I click on a small User ID field in the upper right of the page, enter JULIA000393, then move my cursor to the Password field. At this point, I pause to stroke my chin thoughtfully.*
Yuuji: ...Well then...
Narration: *Closing my eyes, I recall JB's body in all its vulgar glory.*
Narration: *I've been out of "touch" for quite some time, but I don't think these numbers will have changed that easily.*
Yuuji: ...172... 96... 56... 90... 55... Okay.
Narration: *I tap in the figures as I recall them, then click the login button. I'm instantly bounced back with a brusque "Incorrect User ID or Password" error.*
Yuuji: ...Huh? Shit, no good...? Did she put on some weight...?
Narration: *Mistyping the password three times will trigger an automatic warning to the company. I've only got two more shots at this.*
Yuuji: Uhm... 172... 96... 58... 92... 57... how's that? 
Narration: *The moment I click the login button for the second time, the hard disk begins grinding away intensely as a new page automatically opens virus detection software to scan the computer.*
Yuuji: Bingo... She better watch that ice cream habit...
Narration: *After a minute or so, the browser window changes to a dry, functional terminal screen, empty except for a number of labeled tabs at the top.*
Narration: *I select "Vehicle Lookup," and quickly enter the car's manufacturer, model, color, and license plate number in the frame that pops up.*
Narration: *The result: "No Corresponding Vehicle Found."*
Narration: *I'd been more or less expecting something of the sort would happen, so it's not particularly discouraging. This time I try a search using only the license plate number, but again the database gives me nothing.*
Narration: *Seems they weren't using a license plate "borrowed" from another vehicle, but instead a counterfeit with a random mishmash of a number. *
Yuuji: ...In which case... the only remaining hint would be that sticker in the rear window, I suppose...
Narration: *Wonder if searching under "Other" might turn up something...?*
Narration: *Just as I'm pondering the next step, my cell phone begins to ring shrilly inside the pocket of my uniform.*
Narration: *The caller should probably go without saying at this point.*
Yuuji: ...Hey there, JB...
JB: All right, Yuuji. You're accessing our WAN from the outside, aren't you?
Yuuji: Hrm... there was a little something I wanted to look into...
JB: How many times do I have to tell you not to use my ID!? 
Yuuji: Let's not get too caught up on the little things, okay? Not to worry, I won't let anyone know you've gained weight lately. Our little secret.
JB: That's not what I'm worried about here!!
Yuuji: ...Hoh... you sure about that...?
JB: Uh... wait a... That doesn't mean it's okay for you to start telling people I gained weight, you know!? I mean, I didn't gain any weight in the first place!
JB: I just... well... they make you switch passwords every once in a while! Had to change it up somehow, so I just increased the numbers a little...!!
Yuuji: Who're you making excuses to here...?
JB: ...*Siiigh*... Well? What were you trying to investigate...?
Yuuji: A motorcycle club named "Blood Cherry." Skull with a bomb in its mouth as a logo. Probably affiliated with local organized crime...
JB: ...You know... there's hardly any reason to go out of your way to login illegally for something that simple. Wouldn't it have been easier just to ask me...?
Yuuji: Well, probably so... but it's not directly connected to my work for the company, so I was trying to show a little restraint.
JB: ...Restraint...
Yuuji: What's with the tone of exhausted disbelief? You won't find many men more tactful than me.
JB: Yes, yes... Uhhhm... "Blood Cherry" as in a Cherry Bomb, right? All right, I'll look it up for you...
Yuuji: Hrm... Appreciate it.
JB: When do you need this information?
Yuuji: Sooner the better. Right now, if possible.
JB: Right now!?
Yuuji: Yes, that's what I said.
JB: ...Haaaaah... look, you...
Yuuji: Look, JB, I tried to do it myself because I didn't want to make you sigh like that...
JB: ...Unbelievable... All right then, I'll do it now! Will "immediately" do, or do you need it sooner!?
Yuuji: Can you handle that?
JB: I'm sorry, what do you think the Central Intelligence Division does for a living...? Of course I can do it.
Yuuji: Sorry about this. You have my undying gratitude.
JB: So you're always saying. Although you sure don't act like it.
Yuuji: I'm always grateful to you, JB. After all... now that Asako's gone, you're the only family I have left...
JB: ...I'll e-mail you the results in twelve minutes.
Yuuji: Thanks, Julia...
Narration: *It's not a lie. I really am grateful to her...*
Narration: *When Asako died, and I nearly lost sight of the reason I was alive... somehow or other, Julia gave me the courage I needed to get back on my feet...  *
Narration: *Precisely twelve minutes later, an e-mail arrives in my inbox from a certain punctual German.*
Narration: *August 16. 2011, 00:34 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Man　A: ...Tch... c'mon... stand up, y'little shit...
Man　B: Hey... gimme a break here, seriously... I did th' job just fine, right...?
Man　A: Oh? Still got th' energy to run your fuckin' mouth, huh? Yeah? Guess that means a little more won't kill ya, right? Y'stupid fuck!!
Man　B: Ungh! Geh! Gahah!! Sorry, sorry...! No more, for real... Cut a guy a break... 
Man　A: ...Tch... Christ. What do we do, Atou-san...?
Atou: ...Hah?
Man　A: He's kinda beggin' for forgiveness or whatever. What's the verdict? Can I just kill the little shit?
Atou: Aah? Hey now, slow down, that's no good. Killin' people ain't right, y'know? Didn't your teachers ever tell you that at school?  
Man　A: Not to brag, but I wasn't real big on the whole goin' to school thing. That one's news ta me.
Atou: Yeah? Well, whatever. Bring th' kid over here for a second.
Man　A: Yessir... C'mon, you, stop floppin' around! Get the fuck up already, shithead...
Man　B: Gaaah... that hurts, man! I can get up myself. You don't gotta yank me around like that...
Atou: Aah... uhhm... okay, who're you again? Your name? Lessee, uh, Takashi-kun?
Man　B: ...It's Tadashi... Ishikawa Tadashi.
Atou: Aah, 'ssat right? Yeah, Tadashi-kun. Look, kid, y'know... you kinda fucked up, right? When I give you a job, y'gotta do it the way I tell you to do it...
Tadashi: C'mon... I shot up that bakery just like you told me to, right? What's the big deal?
Atou: Okay, look. Were you even listenin' to me, kid? I said to use a pinched car, right? Huh? Hey, Okuda! I did say that, right?  
Okuda: Yep, that ya did.
Atou: Right!? Fuck, y'got me all nervous I'd gone and forgotten t'mention it, y'little shit! Stop fuckin' around!
Tadashi: Uuurghh! Yessir...! Yessir!
Atou: Look, kid. I told you to do it in a pinched car, yeah? So what the fuck're you doin' chargin' in there with your own fuckin' ride!?
Atou: Like, what? "Lookit me, everybody! My car's so cool!" Tryin' to show off or something? Huh?
Tadashi: ...C-Course not, boss... It's just, pinchin' a car's such a pain... and I've got fake plates and all, so... guess I sorta figured... nobody'd really find out...
Atou: Oh, we can't have that... Look, kid, that's just not gonna cut it, see? You don't get to go off and decide shit like that on your own... The fuck're we gonna do if they traced it? Huh?
Atou: Look, it's not like I'm gonna piss an' moan if y'land yourself in the joint, right? But what if nabbin' your dumb ass gets them, uhhhh... you know... deducking or whatever!?
Okuda: ..."Deducing," ain't it?
Atou: Yeah! Right, that's it! So what I'm tryin' to get at here is, what if they end up deducin' their way back to us, huh? That's no fuckin' joke, don't y'think!? Huh!?
Tadashi: My bad, man... Cut me a break here...
Atou: You're fuckin' hopeless... Christ, why does every biker kid have to be completely braindead!? Can't take care of the simplest goddamn errand in the world without shittin' your own pants!
Atou: You're useless, kid! Complete waste of oxygen! Fuck, you ain't even worth my time to kill! Right? This getting through your thick skull yet? Huh!?
Tadashi: I'm sorry, man, for real... I won't screw up next time...
Atou: Idiot! There ain't gonna be no goddamn next time! You think I'm gonna share a cup with a useless little shit like you!? Huh?
Tadashi: ...Whaaat? But that's not what you promised...
Atou: And!? You're the one who didn't do what I fuckin' told you, right? Gettin' way ahead of yourself, kid!
Tadashi: Come onnnn... you said the same thing last time, and you still haven't given me a cup... 
Atou: Of course not, idiot! If you want the cup, then take your jobs seriously and make yourself fuckin' useful! I can throw a porkchop to a goddamn dog and he'll do better work than you, kid! Got it!?
Tadashi: Yessir...
Atou: Don't just "yessir" me, asshole! Are you even takin' this shit seriously? 
Tadashi: It'll be fine next time. For real! I'm gonna get my act t'gether, I swear!
Atou: The fuck? Christ... Next time you fuck up, you're fuckin' dead. Think you can remember that, shitstain? Hm? 
Tadashi: Yessir!
Atou: ...Ah! Aaaaaah... nah, screw that... I just remembered. Kid, that wasn't the only fuckup with you, was it...? Well?
Tadashi: ...What d'you mean...? Was there somethin' else...?
Atou: Yeah, there was. Last night. You showed off that piece I gave you to some girl in a bar, didn't you? What the fuck was that, kid...?
Tadashi: ...Uh... I was just, uh...
Atou: Well? I told you, right? I told you to keep your goddamn trap wired shut! And then what d'you do? The moment I give you the piece, you brag about it to some slut in a bar? What the fuck?
Atou: Are you fuckin' retarded or something? No, screw this, you're seriously worthless. Hey, Okuda! You can go ahead and kill the little shit.
Tadashi: Wha... Come on, man!
Atou: The fuck're you doin', Okudaaaaa!? Hurry up and kill this idiot!! Okudaaa!!
Okuda: ..................
Atou: Ah? Okuda, the fuck're you takin' a nap for? Get the fuck up!
Tadashi: ...Guh...!
Atou: Huh? Hey... Tadashi...?
Atou: What th... Bastard! What the fuck!? Who are you!? I know you're there! Quit hiding and get out here!!
Yuuji: ...Shuuhou-kai deputy underboss, Susumu Atou-san... right?
Atou: Huh!? The hell're you supposed to be!? Where are you!? Get the fuck out here!!
Yuuji: ...What're you looking at? I'm right behind you...
Atou: What th-!?
Narration: *As Atou spins around violently, the back of my hand meets the tip of his jaw. Amplified by his own momentum, the blow jerks his head a good 90 degrees to the side.*
Narration: *Quivering from the impact, Atou's eyes roll back in his head. He's unconscious before his knees hit the ground.*
Narration: *Normally, this would be the point where you start kicking kidneys or crushing windpipes just to be on the safe side...*
Narration: *But instead, I roll the three unconscious men over, tie their hands between their backs with high-strength nylon rope, then do the same to their ankles. *
Narration: *As the finishing touch, I tie their bound ankles and wrists together, leaving them curled helplessly backward like three particularly puffy and unattractive seals.*
Yuuji: Honestly... First a detective agency, now organized crime? Our friends at the branch family are just full of lovely surprises...
Atou: ...Uuh... ugggh! The hell... you little shit... What the fuck... is this!? Who're you with!?
Yuuji: Sorry about the surprise attack. Couldn't go picking a fair fight with yakuza, you know? I'd get kicked out of the house if I lost...
Atou: ...Bastard... you got a lotta fuckin' nerve... pullin' a stunt like this... You think we're gonna let you off easy...?
Yuuji: Well, I suppose you wouldn't, no. You people do take your pride pretty seriously...
Narration: *Even as I speak, I'm busily rolling up Atou's tacky lavender suit jacket.*
Narration: *As expected, he's got a pull-through snap leather holster strapped on his left side, with a shining silver automatic visible inside.  *
Yuuji: Hmm? What's this, a Taurus...? Damn, even the deputy underbosses are packing some pretty nice toys these days...
Narration: *I grab the weapon by the grip and give it a solid yank. The snap flies open with a metallic "click," and the gun slides free smoothly and easily.*
Narration: *The 9mm Brazilian pistol's been polished to a blinding sheen for some ridiculous reason. Combined with the pearl-white grip he seems to have swapped in for aesthetic reasons, the thing almost looks like a toy at first glance.*
Yuuji: ...Look, Atou-san... the jacket was bad enough, but this is a bit much, don't you think? Silver polish and a pearl grip...? There's bad taste, and then there's just posturing.
Narration: *I'd always thought villains only packed a flashy custom Taurus in the movies, but... seems my belief system needs revisiting.*
Atou: You little shit... The fuck... you think you're doing? Stop... fucking around...
Yuuji: I'm not fucking around, my friend. Sorry, but you're going to be moving to a nice "villa" for a while...
Atou: Wha...?
Narration: *I hit the mag-catch button with my thumb and remove the magazine, then pull back on the slide and peer into the chamber.*
Narration: *...It's empty. The hell's the point of having a fast-draw holster if you need to take the time to chamber a round before you can shoot?*
Yuuji: ...All show, huh? Well, whatever...
Narration: *Pushing the disassembly button with my forefinger, I rotate the lever downward, then advance and remove the slide assembly. After compressing the recoil spring and guide, I carefully pull the barrel free.*
Atou: ...What the fuck... you think you're doing... asshole...!
Yuuji: If you can't tell by looking, there's no reason to waste my breath trying to explain...
Narration: *Once I've methodically arranged the disassembled components of the gun on the ground, I grab one of Atou's hands and begin applying his fingerprints to them.*
Atou: ...Hey... the hell? What're you tryin' to pull...?
Yuuji: You still don't get it? I'm getting your prints all over this gun. 
Narration: *Most thugs clean their fingerprints off their pistols these days, but there's plenty of morons who forget to wipe the insides of the weapon as well. I'm having our friend Atou-san here become one such idiot.*
Narration: *Naturally, I'm wearing thin rubber surgical gloves for every step of this procedure so as to keep my own finger oils to myself.*
Atou: Stop it...! Bastard! The fuck're you thinking!?
Yuuji: You really want to know? Don't think I feel like telling, though. I'm a bit of a tease that way.
Narration: *I extract the nine millimeter bullets in the magazine one by one and carefully press them against the tips of Atou's fingers...*
Narration: *After I'm finished applying his prints to the internals of the weapon, I snap the gaudy Taurus back together the way it was, then wrap it carefully in a towel.*
Yuuji: Okay then, I'll be on my way now.
Atou: Hey, wait! What the fuck!? You planning on just leaving us like this!?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... true, that might be a little much... All right then. What was the name of that useless biker kid over there again...? Uhhm, Ishikawa Tadashi-kun?
Yuuji: I'll untie his ropes, so just have him help you out once he wakes up.
Narration: *I cut the nylon ropes binding Ishikawa Tadashi with a pair of scissors I bought at a 100-yen shop before coming here, then toss them carelessly away.  *
Atou: Hey! Tadasshiiii!! Wake up, you fuckin' idiot!!
Narration: *With the sound of Atou bellowing desperately at his comatose underling echoing pleasantly in my ears, I take my leave.*
Date: *August 16, 2011, 01:13 - Mishima Cape Station*
Narration: *―Well then. I went out of my way to nab a tacky pistol from a Shuuhou-kai underboss. Could just toss it in the window of a police station, but if Officer Bumblefuck proceeds to drop it in the lost and found, my efforts will have been wasted.*
Narration: *So what do I do, then? The solution's elegantly straightforward.*
Yuuji: ...Simple as this.
Narration: *Step one: Squeeze off a few shots at the police station. Step two: Toss the gun into some random bush nearby. Step three: Haul ass out of there. Nice and easy.*
Narration: *A bored police force is proof of a peaceful city. Nothing to be ashamed of.*
Narration: *That said, without the occasional bit of excitement, anyone would get complacent and slow on their feet.*
Yuuji: ...A little cold sweat's only healthy every once in a while.
Narration: *Doing good deeds really does make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside. I think I'll be able to sleep soundly tonight.*

JB: ...That's how it is. In other words, we can take a fairly flashy approach if necessary. Everyone will cover for us... 
Yuuji: ...Why are you showing this thing to me...?
JB: You know perfectly well, don't you? As this mission was authorized by Akasaka, I'm required to prepare the very best and most appropriate talent available to me. To the best of my knowledge, no one's better suited to the job than you.
Yuuji: ...You want me to kill a classmate with my own hands? You've got some nerve, you shaggy-headed, dimwitted...
JB: If telling me off improves your mood, then feel free to say whatever you want... However... 
Yuuji: You want a clear "Yes" or "No," right...?
JB: Exactly.
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *Although it should probably go without saying, for a mission carried out with this level of secrecy, you're not typically going to get a briefing on the specifics before you accept the job.*
Narration: *When the plan's going to be executed... where it'll be put into operation... who's participating... how many teams will be committed... You don't know a single thing in advance.*
Narration: *Once you've listened to the plan in full, saying "I think I'll pass after all" isn't going to fly. In the first place, an agent only needs to understand their specific job - the broader circumstances aren't any of our concern.*
Narration: *When you're a piece on the board, only two things are requested of you. The willingness to do what you're told, and the ability to make it happen.*
Narration: *Your personal circumstances aren't worth shit. There's no compromise option. It's yes or no, one or the other. *
JB: ...What an unpleasant expression...
Narration: *Staring into my face, JB mumbles the words quietly.*
Narration: *At the moment, I've probably got the look of someone who's spotted a loathsome insect scuttling along the floor and crushed it emotionlessly. An unattractive mixture of disgust and coldblooded cruelty.*
Narration: *It's an expression you get used to seeing after spending enough time in this company. The expression of someone enduring injustice, resigned to ugly reality. The expression of an agent.  *
JB: There are two choices open to you. Will you undertake the assassination of Irisu Makina... or will you pretend to have seen nothing and leave this room immediately...?
Yuuji: ...Do I have to make that choice right now...?
JB: Due to the nature of the mission, I can't exactly allow you to go home for the day and think the matter over at length...
JB: All the more so, given that you're currently residing in the same facility as the target. If you were to refuse participation in the job at this point, we'd have to take you into custody for the time being.
Yuuji: Well... yeah, I'd imagine so...
Narration: *In other words, the moment I saw that document, the number of options available to me was essentially reduced to one.*
Yuuji: ...The answer is "Yes."
JB: ...A wise decision...
Narration: *A tinge of relief in her voice, JB softly exhales the air in her lungs, then peers into my eyes as though searching for some reassurance of my loyalty.*
JB: ...Can you swear that on the stars and stripes?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'll swear it on the flag...
JB: All right... In that case, you can leave for today. I'll contact you as soon as the details are decided.
Yuuji: ...Understood...
Narration: *I promptly stand from the sofa and click my heels sharply together.*
Yuuji: Number 9029! Resuming normal post on semi-alert status!
Narration: *JB averts her eyes from my steady gaze slightly, briefly glancing at the surveillance camera installed in the corner of her office.*
Narration: *Most likely, they had staff standing by watching the monitor in real-time as a precaution against me refusing the order.*
Narration: *Pretending not to notice, I raise my head from the salute, then promptly leave the room.*
Narration: *"Well then... what to do...?"*
Narration: *I'd been prepared for something ugly, but not to suddenly find myself placed on the side of those hunting Makina.*
Narration: *That said, it's not like the current situation was completely outside the realm of my speculation. Considering the power and influence of the Irisu family, I'd vaguely hypothesized a scenario like this might be a possibility.*
Narration: *Most likely, "Akasaka" is playing a large role in this one.*
Narration: *Uncle Sam, the father of postwar Japan, kindly allowed us to develop wealth and influence under the banner of "freedom and democracy." And the people running the show in Nagata-cho still haven't managed to move out of Dad's basement...*

Narration: *I glance at the watch on my left wrist. 14:23. Seems that meeting in JB's office actually took less than thirty minutes.*
Narration: *Coming to a halt a little ways before the bridge I crossed on my way here, I glance over at an outpost of a certain hamburger-peddling multinational corporation.*
Yuuji: ...This sort of food isn't bad every once in a while...
Narration: *Muttering this blatantly artificial comment to no one in particular, I enter the fast-food restaurant― *
Narration: *Then make straight for the register, ordering the company's namesake burger, a side of french fries, and an iced coffee.*
Narration: *After paying in advance, I take my drink and ticket and settle in at a seat by the window.*
Narration: *The street outside's not especially busy at the moment. Only a few passersby.*
Narration: *Among them, I notice a businessman of some sort standing in front of the bridge with his shirt sleeves rolled up and a jacket tucked under one arm. He's pressing a cell phone to his ear, obsequiously bowing his head over and over.*
Narration: *"Talking to his boss or a client... Either way, he won't be hanging around there for too long..."*
Narration: *Eventually, a member of the restaurant's floor staff comes over with my food on a plastic tray, exchanging it for the ticket in my hand.*
Narration: *After a few vigorous bites into my burger, I glance out the window again, only to find that the businessman who'd been desperately apologizing into his phone has already taken his leave.*
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *Been a while since I had a meal like this. Pretty tasty, but not exactly something I'd want to eat every day. "Not bad" more or less sums it up.*
Narration: *Once I've washed down the overly-juicy hamburger with my iced coffee, I quickly shovel the thick french fries into my mouth, then put my tray away and leave the restaurant.*
Narration: *I glance at my watch again. 14:31. Seven minutes in there.*
Narration: *After making my way briskly back to the station, I take the stairs two at a time and slip my way into the premises.*
Narration: *Once I descend to the appropriate platform, I walk all the way to the far end, boarding the very first car of the subway train that arrives with perfect timing.*
Narration: *Since it's early afternoon, the subway isn't exactly crowded. I only count six passengers in the lead car, including myself.*
Narration: *Ignoring the numerous empty seats, I turn around, open the door in the back of the carriage, and make my way into the next car.*
Narration: *And there I find...*
Narration: *"...Thought so."*
Narration: *The man who'd been kowtowing into his phone by the burger place seems to have caught this train as well. He's wearing the jacket formerly under his arm, and his formerly swept-back hair's now parted horizontally, but it's definitely him.*
Businessman: ......!!
Narration: *The man catches his breath for a moment when I meet his eyes, but after I offer him a quick smile and nod, he jerks up one side of his mouth and furrows his brow in an expression of wry resignation.*
Narration: *"Well... guess it's only what you'd expect..."*
Narration: *The company might've allowed me to go home, but they're not quite soft enough to let me wander off alone. Under the circumstances, it's only natural that they'd have someone keeping an eye on me.*
Yuuji: ...Would you mind if I take that seat?
Businessman: ...Go ahead...
Narration: *There are empty seats all over the train, but I settle myself down right next to the man. *
Narration: *This way, he won't have to bother pretending to read a newspaper while shooting me little glances out of the corner of his eye. A little gesture of professional courtesy on my part.*
Narration: *Leaning back next to my new friend, I sink calmly into thought while pretending to study an advertising monitor above the exit.*
Narration: *Since my immediate orders were to standby, it's probably safe to assume there's going to be a few days of preparation before Makina's assassination is carried out. I want to believe they're going to approach this very carefully.*
Narration: *One day on standby.*
Narration: *One day for us to learn and absorb the details of the operation.*
Narration: *One day for ordering and provisioning the necessary equipment and machinery.*
Narration: *One day for general review and familiarizing ourselves with the equipment.*
Narration: *Even estimating fairly generously, I've gained four days at the longest.*
Narration: *If I had turned down the job, the company would simply have locked me down and given it to another agent. I've bought myself a little time here. And now I need to use it to find a way out of this mess.*
Narration: *"...That said..."*
Narration: *Given the current situation, I'm not going to find any answers no matter how thoroughly I think this over. I'm suffering from an obvious and crippling lack of information.*
Narration: *I can't even see my enemies.*
Narration: *There's no harder way to fight a battle.*
Date: *August 19, 2011, 16:05 - Mishima Cape - Station Area*
Narration: *The man who'd been sitting at my side, apparently finding the experience extremely awkward, removed himself from the train at the very first station stop.*
Narration: *There wasn't any sign of someone taking his place aftwerward. On the whole, my return to Mishima Cape went off surprisingly smoothly, but―*
Yuuji: Guess it's not quite that easy...
Narration: *There's an unfamiliar motorcycle parked along the street near the entrance to the shopping district. Although the bike itself looks like it's fresh off the lot, the license plate on the back is noticeably battered and worn.*
Narration: *Probably a special plate that's seen service on a number of vehicles over the years.*
Yuuji: ...Earning those paychecks, I see.
Narration: *Judging from the resources they've committed to surveillance, the client must be pretty on edge.*
Narration: *Speaking of that client of ours... there are several points I'm having a difficult time getting my head around there.*
Narration: *First and foremost, why have they suddenly decided Makina needs to die at this point...?*
Narration: *Considering we're talking about someone connected enough to request a job from our "company," it's hard to believe they couldn't have arranged something like this a long time ago.*
Narration: *Until now, Makina's enemies have been content to keep her stuffed away in a corner like a worthless employee too troublesome to fire. Even when she pokes her head out of the cage, they've limited themselves to warnings, however blunt.*
Narration: *So what's prompted this casual change in policy to an outright assassination...?*
Narration: *I can't understand why this client's allowed Makina to live until now... why they've only now decided to kill her...*
Narration: *Something must've changed. There must be some reason they can't afford to worry about appearances anymore. *
Narration: *If I could only identify that reason, I have a feeling I might be able to devise some counter-strategies as well, but...*
Narration: *In the first place, who exactly is our "enemy" here...?*
Narration: *I think this is one question Makina herself wouldn't be able to answer, even if I were to explain the situation to her.*
Narration: *Since they got Akasaka off its ass, we're talking about a group or individual with significant power on the global scale.*
Narration: *Obviously, they're involved with the Irisu somehow, but the nation itself won't move its heavy buttocks for private interests. Three stamps suggests the involvement of someone in the Pentagon... or maybe a shove from the NSA...?  *
Narration: *Whatever the exact details, this is without a doubt turning into a proxy war against an extremely problematic opponent. *
Sachi: Ah, Kazami-san, welcome home. I'm glad to see you back so soon.
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi... What's Makina up to?
Sachi: She recently polished off three pancakes or so as an afternoon snack, and is currently enjoying a postprandial rest.
Yuuji: Taking a siesta, huh...
Sachi: Yes. Shall I wake her up?
Yuuji: No, that's all right. Might as well let her sleep.
Sachi: Very well...
Yuuji: Anything happen while I was gone?
Sachi: ...Ah, now that you mention it, an envelope addressed to you was delivered fairly recently.
Yuuji: A delivery for me...?
Sachi: Yes. Here you are.
Yuuji: ...Hm...?
Narration: *I instantly recognize the pea-green envelope Sachi casually produces. It's standard "Asahi Clean" stationary.*
Yuuji: ...Who brought this over, exactly?
Narration: *My name's written on the envelope, but there's no address or post office stamp. We generally don't make a policy of entrusting internal documents to middlemen like the postal service. Someone from the company must've brought it directly.*
Sachi: ...I do apologize, but I didn't think to ask for the man's name. I believe he was most likely an employee from a motorcycle messenger service...
Yuuji: ...Ah, I see...
Narration: *Motorbike messengers are right up there with taxi drivers as a popular "side job" at Ichigaya. The delivery man was almost certainly a coworker of mine.  *
Yuuji: ...Actually, come to think of it... I'm impressed you even got him to hand it over...
Narration: *Normally speaking, any internal document... let alone something you'd go out of your way to transport via sneakernet... would be designated "Direct Delivery Only," but here we are...*
Sachi: ...Ah, yes. At first, the gentleman was quite stubborn about being required to deliver this to the addressee in person...
Sachi: However, when I then stated "In that case, I won't move from this spot until you change your mind," after fifteen minutes he agreed to entrust it to me.
Narration: *...Just a guess here, but... I'm thinking that "delivery man" had been planning to wait for my return out by the main gate or something.*
Narration: *Probably wasn't expecting to deal with an expressionless woman in full maid uniform standing rigidly at his side like a diminutive Buckingham Palace guard...*
Narration: *The man might well have tried to be considerate. Probably told Sachi "It's fine, I'll take care of it" or asked "Why don't you at least sit down?" *
Narration: *This, of course, would have earned nothing but a curt "No thank you" as the perfectly stationary girl continued to bore into him with her steady, unblinking gaze.*
Narration: *That's pretty much just the way our Komine Sachi's personality works, but...*
Narration: *Well, I can understand how it might seem more than a little creepy to an outsider. Probably broke under the sheer psychological pressure... Although only lasting 15 minutes is pretty damn pitiful any way you look at it.*
Sachi: ...For some reason, the gentleman began scratching violently at his head with both hands...
Sachi: Then shouted "Arrgh, fine! You want it that bad!? Just take it!" in an almost desperate tone of voice... Did I perhaps do something wrong...?
Yuuji: No, you're fine, Sachi. More importantly, was the man who delivered this envelope maybe riding a new-looking black motorcycle?
Sachi: Ah... yes... it was indeed a black motorcycle. An acquaintance of yours?
Yuuji: Nah, that's not it... just noticed this unfamiliar motorcycle stopped at the entrance to the shopping district, so I was wondering if it might have been him...
Narration: *I see... So he switched right over to surveillance after dropping off the documents to me...?*
Narration: *If the guy can get worn out by Sachi here, he's probably a pretty damn green new "part-timer," but an observer with that kind of mobility is still somewhat troublesome.*
Yuuji: ...In any case, the envelope got to me in the end. Thanks, Sachi.
Sachi: Of course. I'm quite pleased to be of service.
Narration: *A delivery from the company right now... almost certainly has something to do with the assassination we just discussed. But the envelope's strangely thick.*
Narration: *From what Sachi told me, the messenger stopped by about an hour and a half ago. At the time, I was still in JB's office. In other words, the woman could've handed these to me herself if she wanted to.*
Yuuji: So why go out of your way to use an employee to deliver them...?
Narration: *I guess the simplest explanation would be... they didn't want to hand over too much intelligence on the spot, in case I decided to refuse my orders...?*
Narration: *Well... no point speculating until I've at least taken a look at the contents.*
Yuuji: ...Hm? This is...
Narration: *The thick sheaf of A4 paper that emerges from the envelope is covered in dense arrays of tiny characters, as if deliberately designed to crush the reader's willpower before they've even begun.  *
Narration: *There's only one person I know who goes around making reports this maliciously dense.*
Yuuji: ...JB, huh...
Narration: *The bundle of paper's as thick as one of those weekly manga tomes. As I begin a preliminary flip-through, skimming past lengthy sentences embodying JB's "over-serious German" personality, several bolded phrases quickly catch my eye.*
Narration: *The Prosperity of the Irisu Clan: Light and Shadow*
Narration: *Irisu Makina: Birth to the Present Day*
Narration: *Extra-Departmental Order #11847 Detailed Plan*
Yuuji: ...Well, shit...
Narration: *Okay, no wonder she couldn't hand it over directly... This looks like a grab-bag of highly restricted material. Even the people directly involved in organizing the job probably don't have access to such a comprehensive run-down of the facts.*
Narration: *Some of the documents in this thing are clearly marked "Removal and Copying Strictly Prohibited." As a whole, this is dangerously outside the range of what JB's permitted to spread around on her personal initiative.  *
Yuuji: ...What the hell is that woman thinking...?
Narration: *However, it's clear that the majority of the information I need is hiding in this bundle of paper. To be honest, it's about the best gift I could've hoped for right now.*
Yuuji: ...Why show me all this...? Just what do you expect me to do, JB...? 
Narration: *...Putting that aside, it seems like it'll take two or three days to just read it all...*
Narration: *Well, whatever. I'm a chronic insomniac anyway, so it shouldn't be hard to find the time. If nothing else, a decent sleep aid's always appreciated.*
Narration: *I take out some oolong tea from the fridge, and drink deeply and loudly straight from the bottle.*
Narration: *For the first time since leaving JB's office, I feel halfway human again. With a deep sigh, I drop myself down onto the floor, then focus my attention on the first document of many...*

Narration: *Using public transportation such as buses or trains would be the ideal countermeasure, since the other passengers will become human shields and camouflage.*
Narration: *Which leaves us with the thorny problem of slipping past the surveillance camped out around the train station... but the black motorcycle from the other day is nowhere to be found. And in its place―*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Makina. Sorry, but can you head up to the platform first and wait for me...?
Makina: ...Huh? But...
Yuuji: Don't worry, I'll be there soon. But... if I don't show up within thirty minutes, head for the place written on this piece of paper... You can handle that, right?
Makina: ...Uuu...
Yuuji: Don't make that face. I don't want to make you act on your own right off the bat either, but... even I have a few obligations I can't just walk away from...  
Yuuji: Here, I'll give you the money I scammed off Michiru earlier. Get yourself a boxed lunch while you wait or something.
Makina: ...Can I buy some ice cream, too?
Yuuji: Ice cream comes after the meal. I'll buy it for you later, so just be patient.
Makina: ...That's a promise, okay?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *Right where the surveillance operative's black motorcycle was parked the other day, there's an exceptionally eye-catching bright yellow sports car.*
Narration: *There's only one person who'd be parking a gaudy thing like that around here.*
JB: ...I'd like to have a little chat with you. Think you could spare the time?
Yuuji: Not as if you're going to stop talking if I say no, right...?
Narration: *Beginning the conversation with a heavy sigh and the words "I knew it'd come to this," JB cricks her neck back and forth in a familiar gesture of exasperation.*
Narration: *Well, I'd more or less assumed she'd see through me, and I'd been prepared for the possibility she'd get in touch somehow once we took action, but...*
Narration: *Have to admit, I didn't expect her to clear the area for a face-to-face meeting like this.*
JB: ...Do you have somewhere to go?
Yuuji: Not really... and even if I did, I couldn't exactly tell you about it... as you're well aware, JB.
JB: ............
Yuuji: I like to think I understand you almost as well as you understand me. You can't betray Ichigaya, can you?
JB: What would a child like you know about anything...
Yuuji: I know that you're incapable of sacrificing the "large" for the "small." You believe in prioritizing the big picture, and you've lived by that principle all this time...
Yuuji: If you chose to betray the organization for our sake here and now, all those "small" things you've sacrificed up to this point would've died in vain...
Yuuji: You can't possibly do that. Even if you could, I wouldn't ask you to...
JB: ...This is pointless. Give it up... The two of you will just be disposed of, sooner rather than later...
JB: But... if you put your hands in the air here and now, I could have you taken into custody instead.
Yuuji: ...And what happens then? You planning to re-educate me? Or maybe arrange a summary execution? Well, I'm just an unusually high-priced piece of disposable equipment, so I suppose that'd be fitting enough...  
Yuuji: But what happens to Makina? If we hand her over to her family, she'll be killed. Am I wrong?
Yuuji: If I'm going to be put down in the end anyway, I'll use the rest of my life for Makina's sake... 
JB: Calm down and think this over carefully. What on earth do you think you can accomplish alone? You do remember that this was a consensus decision between Akasaka and Ichigaya, yes...?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's another thing I don't understand. Why go that far? We're talking about Makina here, you know? A perfectly commonplace, slightly dimwitted girl with some awkward family circumstances.
Yuuji: What meaning is there in killing one insignificant woman like that...? Why would the nation itself fixate on her like this?
JB: ............
Yuuji: ...Sorry. You don't have to answer that.
Narration: *I've already openly declared my intention to become a traitor. Just by coming to meet me like this, JB's already placed herself in a significantly unfavorable position―*
Narration: *And especially given that she's my direct superior and case officer, if the cards fall badly it's entirely plausible to imagine her being taken into custody herself.*
Yuuji: ...I thought leaving quietly would be an act of courtesy toward you... 
Yuuji: That way, you could just be the dumb blond who didn't see any of this coming...
Yuuji: Tell me something, JB... If you knew what I was going to do, then why are you here?
JB: ...Well, let's see...
JB: I suppose I was imagining I might be able to persuade you if we talked face-to-face like this... Indulging in wishful thinking, clearly.
Yuuji: ...So you've given up on trying to persuade me?
JB: Would you turn yourself in if I offered to let you touch my breasts?
Yuuji: Let me think that one over.
JB: Haha. Worth a thought, eh? But not much more, I imagine. Your conclusion clearly isn't going to change...
JB: Not to say that you always stick to your initial goals, but... once you've really made up your mind about something, you never falter or give up. Did you inherit that obstinacy from your master, perhaps?
Yuuji: I'd say I got it from my big sister, actually... Kazuki always said to live every day picturing myself ten years in the future...
Yuuji: And if I were to abandon the girl now... even in ten years, I'd probably be a miserable piece of trash unable to even raise my head in front of Makina's grave... I won't take that path.  
JB: Even if the alternative means losing your own life...?
Yuuji: ...Dying for the woman you fell in love with strikes me as a pretty damn good way to go.
JB: That's the self-centered nonsense of a man who hasn't considered how the woman left behind would feel...
Yuuji: My master taught me "You're not a man until you find something that matters more to you than your own life"...
JB: If you think you can make me agree to anything by using Asako as a shield, you're badly mistaken.
Yuuji: Oh yeah? Well, if you think thrusting your breasts out is going to make me listen, you're even more mistaken.
JB: Oh, really? Then you'll pass on the breasts?
Yuuji: I didn't say that.
JB: ...Heheh... what an awful excuse for a conversation. I've halfway forgotten why I even came here...
Yuuji: Go ahead. Forget it entirely. Then turn around and go home...
JB: ...You're awfully cold.
Yuuji: Sorry...
JB: Don't apologize. I didn't come here to attack you.
Yuuji: Well, you don't appear to be armed, so I suppose you won't be trying to convince me at gunpoint either. In which case I think we're done here...
JB: ...Nothing I say is going to do any good, is it? You've always been like this... You and Asako both... 
JB: Still, I'm going to warn you one last time. Stop this foolishness... If you make a run for it now, both you and Makina will definitely die...
JB: If you're under the impression that the Irisu will give up if the two of you run around in circles for a while, you've got another thing coming.
Yuuji: ...What do you mean?
JB: This is information I gathered on my own... and the source isn't entirely reliable, but... it seems that Irisu Makina called Irisu Kiyoka the other night...
Yuuji: That's...
Narration: *Right, the day the bakery was set on fire...*
Narration: *After returning to the dorm in tears that night, Makina definitely said she was going to call her mother... although I never heard the details.*
JB: ...In that conversation, Makina demanded to be left alone, then stated she would respond to any further meddling by exposing the Irisu's past corruption in full―
JB: Instead of pleading with her mother, the girl threatened her.
Yuuji: ...I see... That would explain this abrupt assassination plan, wouldn't it...?
JB: ...That's how it is.
Narration: *They pushed Irisu Masataka into an early grave to protect themselves... and now they're going to do the same to his daughter...*
JB: You're familiar with Irisu Makina's talent for memorization, yes...? Even now, it seems she clearly remembers the contents of certain documents she happened to find in her father's study as a child...
JB: The girl apparently recited long passages to her mother over the phone...
JB: Given specific figures, dates, and the names of the businesses they were working with, even the most perfunctory investigation would quickly produce evidence of massive fraud...
JB: As long as the girl's alive, they can't rest easy... Crippling information might leak at any time, from any place. The Irisu clan decided to eliminate Makina out of simple fear...
Yuuji: ...But how did that job end up coming to me...? Ichigaya, Akasaka, and even Kasumigaseki approved this assassination... I don't understand why.
JB: It's not so complicated. The Irisu clan's power is just as deeply-rooted in the public sector as the private. No one's going to gain anything by opposing them...
Yuuji: Friendship's one thing, but your wallet's another, huh...? Makes me want to vomit.
Yuuji: In the first place, "since you know our secrets, we can't let you live?" Are these people capitalists or gangsters? 
Yuuji: I mean, I'm not completely naive about the workings of the world. If you asked me to name a few righteous, ethically sound organizations, all I could do is stand there scratching my head like an idiot... I understand how things are.
Yuuji: But an organization that kills children to prop itself up? That's one thing I don't even want to understand. An organization that needs to go that far to keep itself standing should just collapse...
JB: ...Are you saying you'll bring down the Irisu alone? Impossible. At this rate, we'll have no choice but to erase you as well...
Yuuji: I knew that from the start. If you can't live without taking human lives, then take them. Those are just the rules of the game... Nothing to trouble your conscience over.
Yuuji: But if you're coming to take someone's life, go in prepared to lose your own instead. I won't hesitate to kill...
JB: Oh...? Are you really capable of that?
Yuuji: Wrong question. It's the only thing I'm capable of. There's nothing else I can do to help her...
Yuuji: Maybe that makes me a bad guy... but even so, I've made my decision. For Makina's sake, I'll sink as low as I have to...
Yuuji: ...However many you send, I'll kill them. I'll kill them all. I'll keep on killing for years on end, if need be...
Yuuji: Even if they send you, JB...
JB: ............
JB: ...What an ugly glare... It's like all the light's draining out of your eyes...
JB: It's the same look you had in your eyes lying in that hospital bed the day I met you...
Yuuji: Well, maybe this is just my true nature.
Yuuji: ...Don't resist orders from above. Don't doubt. Don't think, just obey. Keep what you really think buried safely away. Maintain the facade and you'll trudge through life without problems...
Yuuji: But what's the point of an existence like that...?
Yuuji: After Asako died, I lost my purpose... but now I've found Makina, and my life has meaning again... I won't let anyone take that away...  
JB: The girl has that much value to you...?
Yuuji: What can I say? Seems like caring about someone can really sneak up on you little by little.
Narration: *From the moment they're born, human beings are given something to protect.*
Narration: *Namely, their own existence.*
Narration: *The most precious thing we have, the possession we should treasure above all else, is our life.*
Narration: *But through the passage of time, our priorities grow more complicated. Often, we find something that matters even more than ourselves.*
Narration: *For example, our families; for example, our motherland... and while a few people probably grow up still treasuring their own lives above all else, even they fight to protect the things they need to protect themselves.*
Narration: *As human beings live, they naturally find more things to protect.*
Narration: *And when they find something more precious than their own lives, something they would throw away everything else to protect, people undergo a change.*
Narration: *Even if it leaves them broken or miserable or poor, even at the cost of their dignity and pride, even to the point of foolishness, they struggle for the sake of that something.*
Narration: *Keeping it safe becomes their only joy. The only way they can keep themselves whole.*
Narration: *And so they toss aside anything that gets in their way, take any measures necessary, and protect it with everything they have.*
Narration: *I'm afraid of change. But I want to change.*
Narration: *That contradiction is part of me. But I won't let it paralyze me. I'll walk forward, step by painful step.*
Yuuji: ...JB... you understand, right? I don't value my life particularly highly...
Yuuji: I'm all right with dying whenever and wherever. Hell, it could've happened a dozen times by now on the job...
Yuuji: But... if I'm going to croak one way or the other, I want a death that has some meaning... I want a reason to look back and say I lived for something...  
Yuuji: I played that role for Asako, and now Makina's taken it on for me...
Yuuji: People like us can't live any other way... and I think... it's probably the only way we can die, too...
JB: ...You're an idiot, and so was Asako.
Yuuji: You don't have to tell me that. I'm well aware.
Narration: *I was born stupid and a coward to boot. Nothing to be done about it now.*
Narration: *As the conversation comes to a pause, I glance down at the watch on my left wrist.*
Yuuji: ...It's time. I'm leaving now... Better get back to work yourself, JB... 
JB: ...Wait, Yuuji.
Yuuji: What now...?
JB: Are you planning to run away dressed like that...?
Narration: *With those words, JB retrieves her wallet from her breast pocket, then takes out a few 10,000 yen bills from inside.*
JB: Buy yourself some clothes. Don't kill people wearing a school uniform. While you're at it, pick yourself up a book on etiquette toward women.
Yuuji: ...Sorry... and thank you, Julia...
JB: Oh, don't call me "Julia," damn it. You only trot that one out at times like these. I know I'm nothing but a convenient woman to you... Don't insult my intelligence.
JB: Just go wherever the hell you want, why don't you? I don't even give a damn anymore...
JB: ...I don't give a damn... idiot...
Yuuji: ...I understand... My bad...
Narration: *...Made her cry, huh...*
Narration: *Come to think of it... it seems like I'm always bringing JB to tears, what with all the orders I've ignored... not to mention the insubordination and rule-breaking... *
Narration: *But this time, they must taste much more bitter than ever before.*
Narration: *After Asako died and I began to stubbornly refuse any order to kill, it was JB who supported and protected me. I've repaid her with outright betrayal.*
Makina: ...You finished?
Narration: *After leaving JB behind and going up to the station platform, I find Makina seated on a bench munching away on a cheap meat dumpling lunch.*
Yuuji: ...That looks tasty...
Makina: I made sure ta get one for you too, Papa.
Yuuji: Yeah, I'll take it...
Narration: *When I receive the box from Makina and try to untie the strings crossed over the top, I notice that my fingers are shaking.*
Yuuji: ...The hell?
Makina: Hm? What's wrong, Papa?
Yuuji: ...No, it's nothing...
Narration: *If at all possible, I don't want to kill anyone. But if I don't, we'll both die.*
Narration: *I knew that from the start, of course. But now that I've declared it outright to JB, I guess the unavoidable reality of the situation finally sank in...*
Narration: *I'm not particularly afraid of dying. I'm not that attached to my life. But right now, I have someone who I need to protect at any cost; failure is no longer an option. And my hands won't stop trembling.*
Makina: ...I'm sorry, Papa... This is all my fault...
Yuuji: You don't have anything to apologize for. This is how it has to be... I don't know any other way of life... If anything, I'm grateful to you.
Makina: Grateful...?
Yuuji: You and I might've met each other just in the nick of time...
Narration: *I needed Makina, and Makina needed me.*
Narration: *Looking back on it now, this outcome might've been inevitable from the moment I met her.*
Narration: *This girl might've been waiting in that school for me. Waiting to offer me one final chance...*
Narration: *I really, truly am grateful.*
Yuuji: ...This is pretty good stuff, isn't it...
Makina: Yeah!
Narration: *...I don't regret a thing.*
Narration: *From a local train at Mishima Cape, we switch to an express after two stops; four stations later, we get on another local heading in the opposite direction, only to disembark at the first stop to catch a semi-express.*
Narration: *Riding that all the way into Shinjuku, we cut through the maze-like subterranean tunnels toward Shinjuku-sanchome Station, where we switch to the subway.*
Narration: *Continuing a number of similar feints as I keep a watchful eye out for possible pursuers, we finish a quick shopping trip at a hardware store and pharmacy, then finally make our way to a certain neighborhood.*
Makina: ...I'm friggin' tired...
Yuuji: Yeah, guess you would be...
Narration: *Exhaustion dulls your capacity for judgment. No point in walking ourselves ragged.*
Narration: *No matter how many feints you make, it only takes one moment of bad luck to be discovered. You get to a point of diminishing returns after a while. Making ourselves hard to track is about all we can hope for.*
Yuuji: All right then, let's go somewhere we can relax...
Makina: That's fine, but... where're we goin'...?
Narration: *Discreet lodging facilities are surprisingly easy to find almost anywhere. Especially in parts of town frequented by young people, you'll find plenty of "fashion hotels" where you can carry in a drunk woman with no questions asked.*
Narration: *Of course, if you want some tidy-looking place right on the main street, you're going to be running up a decent bill fast...*
Narration: *But unless you're bound and determined to stay in some amusement park room with a rotating bed, one of those old-fashioned "couples hotel" dating from the pre-war era is just fine.*
Narration: *The walls tend to be thin, but that means you can't miss anyone breaking in. Also, they tend to be in a slightly shadier part of the neighborhood; and right now, a place next door to a local yakuza office would be ideal.*
Narration: *Even if some incident were to occur, Sakuradamon tends to take a good thirty minutes to arrive in force. And Ichigaya will probably have a slightly harder time poking their head into the Tokyo police's turf.  *
Narration: *For some strange reason, this kind of cheap old hotel is always, without fail, managed by a half-deaf old bat.*
Narration: *It took a good deal of effort just to get across what we wanted, but the old lady didn't even seem to notice a loud fight between a drug dealer and their customer nearby. Just the sort of indifference we're looking for.*
Makina: ...Ugh... this room kinda stinks of disinfectant, almost like a hospital or th' school infirmary... What's up with that?
Yuuji: Who knows? Maybe the previous customer broke out the enema and had themselves a wild scat party or something?
Makina: ...Th' heck is that?
Yuuji: Everyone gets high as a kite, then flings shit at each other while screeching like gorillas in a zoo. Think I saw a video like that in a private collection we confiscated as evidence once...
Makina: ...Is that really any fun?
Yuuji: Who knows? Perhaps such extreme methods are necessary countermeasures against the excessive stress rampant in our fast-paced modern society... Or something.  
Makina: Hmmm...
Yuuji: In any case, let's double-check our luggage and the stuff we bought on the way, then take a breather.
Makina: Yeah, gotcha.
Narration: *I lower my personal baggage and the bread-making machine Amane foisted on me onto the floor of our little room. Always nice to get a little weight off your shoulders.*
Narration: *Guess we'll start by emptying out the backpack, then move on to reviewing the supplementary items we picked up on the way here.*
Narration: *But before I can begin, a woman's ecstatic voice comes flooding into the room from the other side of one paper-thin wall...*
Woman　Next　Door: Ohh...! Ohh! Ooh! Ohooooh!! Nhooooooh!!! 
Yuuji: ...Well, the place is what it is, so we can't exactly complain. But seriously, now...
Makina: Nwoh!? What th' dickens!? I hear a strange cry comin' from th' room next door! Do they got some kinda weird animal in there!?
Yuuji: Uh... sure, it's an animal... technically speaking...
Woman　Next　Door: Nghoooooooooooh!! Bumoooooooohh!! Ohoooooh!! 
Yuuji: ...Seems to be saying "Bumooooh." Maybe it's some strange variety of cattle?
Makina: Cattle? ...A geenew?
Yuuji: The word's pronounced "Gnu," actually.
Woman　Next　Door: Nhooh!! Aoh! Oooh! Uggggoooooooooh!!
Makina: Who're you callin' an uggo!?! You're the uggo, ya little punk! I'll crack yer crystal, Geeneeeewww!!
Yuuji: Whoa, hey, don't kick the walls. They're thin. It'd be ridiculously awkward if you tore a hole and we ended up face to face with those people...
Makina: Geenew! Eugene Geenewwww!!
Yuuji: ...Who the hell's Eugene supposed to be...? Crap, when you repeat it like that, it actually starts to sound a little funny...
Narration: *This exceptionally boisterous rat motel should make for a good temporary base of operations. For one thing, it's completely incompatible with the gloomy pathos that so often comes with being on the run―*
Narration: *And although I'd been planning to set about establishing early warning measures against intruders, it doesn't seem like that's going to be strictly necessary.*
Narration: *Once the bellowing water buffalo in the next room falls silent, the only sound we can hear is the television the half-deaf owner's cranked up to maximum volume in her office. Even the usual noise of the city doesn't reach us here.*
Narration: *On top of which, this building seems to have been standing since before the war, judging by its noticeable state of deterioration―*
Narration: *The whole structure creaks and groans audibly just from people walking down the avenue outside, so the building itself is basically its own intruder alarm.*
Narration: *We've got three entrances and exits: front, back, and emergency. But outside the back, there's a grizzled old Shiba dog tied up that growls and barks every time someone draws near. Presumably the old lady's pet.*
Narration: *Although it's definitely getting on in years, the animal seems to be a dedicated veteran with a long history of service guarding the back gate.*
Narration: *Whether it's lovebirds sneaking around in hopes of a free stay or suspicious characters from the yakuza offices lingering about, the Shiba watchdog barks persistently at all who approach as if trying to wear out its own throat.*
Narration: *That voice possesses the dignity of a proud and trustworthy professional.*
Narration: *As for the emergency exit... you have to scratch your head at this one. Even though it's supposed to be the residents' escape route in case of trouble, the thing doesn't open.*
Narration: *Someone from the fire department does seem to have stopped by for a lecture, since there's a green light at the end of the hallway indicating the exit. But the door itself just won't budge.*
Narration: *Completely befuddled, I circle around the outside of the building to take a look, only to discover a presumably abandoned bicycle rusted to a brilliant red wedged between the emergency exit and the building next door.*
Narration: *Doesn't matter how hard you push from the inside, this thing isn't going to open.*
Narration: *And if you tried to remove this obstacle from the outside, you'd make a hell of a lot of noise doing it. *
Narration: *Not exactly an ideal situation from a safety code standpoint, but this would pose a minor but aggravating problem for any intruders. I decide to leave it as it is.*
Narration: *Finally, there's the front entrance. The five square-meter space you come into immediately on entering the building is the manager's office and reception area all in one―*
Narration: *The extent of the security here is the half-deaf old lady herself, sitting behind her desk watching period dramas and decades-old suspense serials. Not much sign she's even trying to keep an eye on things.*
Narration: *A few minutes into my observation, she abruptly pushes herself to her feet with a grunt of "whoopsy-daisy," then opens the door of the manager's office and wanders out into the street.*
Narration: *I spend fifteen minutes wondering what's so important that the woman left her building completely unattended, at which point she returns with a box of cigarettes in her hand.*
Narration: *Seems she hobbled down to the local liquor store to get herself some smokes. I think it's safe to conclude her "management" of the premises is somewhat on the perfunctory side. *
Narration: *Well, better than no one at all. Probably. But just to be on the safe side, I decide to install a single motion-detecting security light I purchased at the hardware store under the eaves at the front of the building.*
Narration: *The old lady accepts this easily enough, apparently deeply impressed to learn that in our convenient modern world a mere 3200 yen can buy you a light that flips on automatically when people approach.*
Narration: *After a thorough secondary check of the surrounding area, including potential nearby sniping spots, I return to find Makina already quietly asleep on top of her futon.*
Narration: *Not surprising that she'd be tired out after all that walking and switching trains we did today, but the girl didn't even bother to change first. She's curled up in her clothes.*
Yuuji: Hey, Makina... at least get undressed before you go to sleep...
Makina: ...Nn... take th' clothes off for me, Ama-nee...
Yuuji: Amane's not here.
Makina: Then you do it, Papa...
Yuuji: What a pain in the ass...
Narration: *Well, maybe it's not that big a deal under the circumstances. If anything, it'd save her the need to pull her clothes on in a panic in the event of a raid.*
Narration: *Guess we can just go to bed like this for today...*
Yuuji: ...C'mon, Makina, move over a little. I can't get in.
Makina: ...Nnnyu... yer gunna sleep wit' me...?
Yuuji: Don't say "nnyu," kid... Given the layout of this room, it's more convenient if we sleep in one place.
Makina: ...Oh, hokay... Fnyu... mnyu...
Narration: *From now on, we'll be living every day listening as the enemy's footsteps approach from behind, with no guarantee we'll even be alive tomorrow. The easy, peaceful life we enjoyed only a few days ago is over now.*
Narration: *Why are they so determined to torment this girl?*
Narration: *My head hurts...*
Narration: *My damn head... really hurts...*
Narration: *.........*
Narration: *.....................*
Narration: *..........................................*
Date: *August 21, 2011, 00:40 - "Ichigaya"*
Otsuka: ...Aaah... this is a mess, a real mess, Harudera-kun... To think your pet dog would bite the hand that fed it...
JB: ...I sincerely apologize.
Otsuka: I like to think my support played its part in getting a U-Branch like yourself where you are today, and I think it's fair to say I've been rather accommodating as your superior... but perhaps my eye for talent isn't what it used to be?

JB: By no means, sir...
Otsuka: But look here... the fact of the matter is, our little Number 9029 ran away, yes...?
Otsuka: I mean, yes, I know 9029 is a special number. And considering the personal history involved, I did think it best to entrust him to you.
Otsuka: After all, you were the one and only person able to control that habitually insubordinate Kusakabe Asako...
Otsuka: But what do we get this time? A complete fiasco! It wouldn't be so bad if he'd just torn off his collar and made a break for it. After all, the man's name isn't even on our books... Easy enough to have him quietly put down.
Otsuka: But when our agent runs away with our target in tow, that's an entirely different story. This isn't just a matter of insubordination anymore. It's outright treason, you know? How do you intend to take responsibility?
JB: ...I sincerely apologize...
Otsuka: Harudera-kun, my dear, I'm not saying this because I want to hear your apologies.
JB: ...Haaah...
Otsuka: Excuse me!? What's "haaah" supposed to mean!? Unbelievable... Here I am, finally working for a ministry rather than an agency, and before I can even savor having a signboard outside the office we're head-first in this utter debacle!

Otsuka: Look, my friend, even at the best of times no one's exactly eager to work with us "foreign capital" types! Don't make my position any worse than it already is!
Otsuka: Do you have any idea how it felt to finally get that red-carpet office after all those weekends spent working instead of playing with my children!? Well!?
JB: ...I don't think I could care less...
Otsuka: Did you say something!?
JB: No. Perhaps your ears are playing tricks on you? Or your persecution complex?
Otsuka: In any case, prepare a list of places 9029 might visit! Immediately!
JB: ...But as I explained previously, if Number 9029 is attempting to hide, he will almost certainly be avoiding any place he's ever set foot in before.
JB: I've already submitted a general list, excluding all the areas where he lived previously or visited in the course of duty...
JB: ...Also, this is conjecture based largely on instinct, but I believe there's a good possibility 9029 has gone to ground in Tokyo itself... In fact, somewhere fairly close to this place.
Otsuka: ...Ahhh. Your intuition as a pet owner, is it? For what it's worth, we do have investigators equipped and on alert, just as you requested. But I think you'll agree "somewhere within Tokyo" is a bit on the vague side...
Chiara: Urgent report from Clover Twelve. 9029 discovered, currently in pursuit.
Otsuka: Where!?
Chiara: Minato Ward, Shinbashi 2-Chome. Moving from the Karasumori Shrine area toward Shiodome on foot. Wearing a black suit and a blue necktie, no visible luggage on hand. They're requesting instructions.
Otsuka: What about the mark!? Is Irisu Makina with him!?
Chiara: Negative. He appears to be alone.
Otsuka: All right! Take him!
JB: No, absolutely not! Please allow us to continue tailing! Rather than hastily provoking him, call in support from Shinjuku and Shibuya! Determining the location of his hideout has to be the first priority!
Otsuka: Wouldn't taking the man into custody put an end to this immediately!?
JB: We're talking about 9029 here, remember!?
Otsuka: Do you even understand your current position? I may be requesting your opinion as an observer, but you don't have authority to determine our tactics right now!
JB: ...Well then, please issue the instructions under your own authority. But let the record show that I strongly advise a "stay" order.
Otsuka: ...Hmph... very well then... Farrell-kun, maintain the status quo for now.
Chiara: Affirmative...
Chiara: ...Clover Twelve. This is Queen... Do not contact.
Chiara: Maintenance of the status quo... Repeat... Do not contact.
Chiara: Maintenance of the status quo.
Otsuka: ...I'll be heading to the Central Control Room now. Are you coming as well?
JB: No... I imagine my presence would only be a distraction at the moment... I'll stand by here.
Otsuka: Depending on the circumstances, you may be taken into custody as well. Prepare yourself for the possibility...
JB: ...Yes.
JB: ............
JB: ...*Sigh*... So tired...
Chiara: Perhaps it's time for a break, Chief. Would you care for some coffee?
JB: Yeah, sounds good...
Chiara: Decaf?
JB: No. Extremely caffeinated, please. I don't think I can keep this up much longer without a stiff drink of one sort or the other...
Chiara: ...The director does lay it on rather thick, doesn't he? They say his personality was just as nasty even back when he was Deputy Secretary Ishibe's yes-man at the Cabinet Office.
JB: Let's not gripe too much, please. Whatever else you can say about the man, he's still our key figure. Somehow or other.
Chiara: ...Huh?
JB: What's wrong?
Chiara: ...Wha-? No way... Why...?
JB: Report! What happened!?
Chiara: ...Clover Twelve... Signal lost...
JB: ...What on earth...? They didn't head underground, did they?
Chiara: No! Their last location was the central plaza by the eastern exit, and... Ah!
JB: What is it this time!?
Chiara: ...The cards who were moving to support... Heart Nine, Spade Six, Diamond Ace, signals lost!! 
JB: What's going on!?
Chiara: I don't know any more than you do! But, if their signals are lost... either the transmitters are malfunctioning, or... they've been killed...  
JB: What are our remaining cards!?
Chiara: Only Heart Jack... a newcomer who's only been with us two months!
JB: Heart... in other words, it's a female agent, yes? Is she young?
Chiara: Ah... yes, she's only 24 years old...
JB: Does that girl have large breasts?
Chiara: ...Excuse me?
JB: I'm asking you if she has an above-average bust size.
Chiara: ...Err... please wait a moment... Let's see... height 172 cm, bust 88 cm... What about it?
JB: 9029 is soft on the big-breasted. All right then, order the girl to pull out immediately.
Chiara: What!? But if we just give out an order like that, the director's going to...! 
JB: Tell Central that we'll be wiped out at this rate! While you're at it, get an incident processing team to the site now!
Chiara: Er! Uhm!
JB: I'll take responsibility. Now hurry!
Chiara: Ah... y-yes!!!
JB: ...Yuuji...
Narration: *...What on earth are you thinking...?*
Date: *August 21, 2011, 03:37 - Metropolitan Area*
Makina: ...Ngyuu... Mgyuu... my stomach's burstin'... I can't eat no more...
Makina: ...Mm... Papa...?
Makina: Papa...? Where'd you go...? Don't leave me 'lone... 
Yuuji: ...I'm right here, Makina...
Makina: Geeeez... you had me worried, ya know...? Don't just wander off like that. Where'd ya go, anyway...?
Yuuji: Just cleaning up the neighborhood a little...
Makina: ...Cleanin'?
Yuuji: Noticed a few rats skulking around. One of them got away, but I took care of the rest... You don't have anything to worry about.
Makina: ...Oh, hokay...
Yuuji: Look, it's still 3:30 in the morning... You can sleep a little longer...
Makina: Mm... yeah...
Yuuji: ...That's right, nothing to worry about... Just leave everything to me... 
Narration: *For the time being... I've chased off the suits...*
Narration: *The next ones they send will probably be special forces or SAT, I guess... Well, whatever. Hardly matters...*
Narration: *Whoever comes, I'll just take them out one by one...*
Narration: *...Aah... shit... my head's... killing me... Goddammit...*
Date: *August 21, 2011, 04:16 - "Ichigaya"*
Otsuka: Unbelievable! Unbelievable... Why did it turn out like this? Well? Why, Harudera-kun?
JB: Because the status quo order was rescinded... I believe I explained that we're dealing with Number 9029 here.
Otsuka: Aah... you're always harping on about that name, but he's nothing more than the second generation, yes? Does his number really warrant all this squawking?
JB: Respectfully, didn't you just personally witness the results of that careless attitude? 
Otsuka: ...Guh...
JB: ...Were there any fatalities among the agents who were attacked...?
Otsuka: No. Some were badly wounded, but none to a life-threatening extent...
JB: ...Which would mean... the seal's still intact... 
Otsuka: The seal...?
JB: Number 9029... Kazami Yuuji... carries a seal only Kusakabe Asako was capable of releasing...
JB: By nature, the man known as Kazami Yuuji was cowardly and timid at heart, by no means the sort of individual given to murder―
JB: And due to certain personal experiences in his childhood, he bears a powerful trauma regarding the taking of human lives. The terror the act of murder inspires in him is powerful enough to shatter his psyche.
Otsuka: I read as much in the documents, but... there aren't many children who enjoy killing others. Isn't that normal enough?
JB: ...Did you actually read the documents...?
Otsuka: I looked over his departmental evaluation.
JB: I'm afraid this isn't simple enough to understand merely by glancing at his report card...
Otsuka: It's sufficient for my purposes. At the age of twelve, Kazami Yuuji killed his own father, resulting in psychological trauma. That's what you're referring to, yes?
JB: He simply believes that to be the case. He didn't actually kill the man...
Otsuka: But his father did end up dead. Hardly a significant distinction.
JB: ............
Otsuka: Look, what are you trying to say here? Explain concisely. I'm a rather busy man. I don't have the time to pore through these documents, and I'm not idle enough to sit patiently through one of your lectures.
JB: ...His father's murder, and his mother's suicide... Kazami Yuuji believes these two deaths to be entirely his fault. And as a child, he was unable to endure the weight of his own guilty conscience.
JB: In order to ease that torment, Kusakabe Asako implanted a "suggestion" in his mind...
JB: Words to the effect of "There's nothing evil about fighting to protect the weak. You're doing the right thing"...
Otsuka: And as a result, Kazami Yuuji became capable of justifying murder to himself, eh...?
JB: No, not exactly. The "murder" of his parents, and the deaths of all the terrorists he has assassinated―
JB: The boy believes that these were the work of a "devil" that possessed his right arm against his will.
Otsuka: ...I don't follow. Where did he get that idea?
JB: It was most likely the result of a desperate, unbalanced child taking refuge in the easiest answer: "It wasn't my fault"... 
Otsuka: I see... If that's how it is, I suppose I can understand...
JB: Figures...
Otsuka: Excuse me...? Would you mind clarifying that statement?
JB: I meant nothing by it.
Otsuka: Aah... so to sum it up, Kazami Yuuji became able to engage in assassination missions by offloading the responsibility for his actions onto some malicious spirit...
Otsuka: And Kusakabe Asako was the person who managed to hypnotically place that belief into his mind?
JB: It's the opposite. By making everything the fault of his devil, Kazami Yuuji was quite capable of murdering people left and right. Kusakabe Asako's suggestion repressed and controlled that tendency.  
Otsuka: ...Lord, this is giving me a headache... In any case, since Kusakabe Asako is no longer around to give Kazami Yuuji permission to kill, isn't this a non-issue? As a matter of fact, we haven't suffered any fatalities yet.
JB: No, you're looking at the matter backward. Asako is no longer here to reinforce the suggestion that's kept him from killing people! We have no way of predicting when that "seal" will give way!
Otsuka: Can this "suggestion" or what have you really be broken so easily as that? 
JB: I don't know... But the one thing I can say is, the seal is most likely an autosuggestion Kazami Yuuji internalized, with Asako's commands acting as keywords...
JB: But if he comes to view someone else as equal to or exceeding Asako in importance, I believe there's a high possibility that autosuggestion will no longer effectively bind him.
Otsuka: ...If the autosuggestion fails, what will happen to Kazami Yuuji...?
JB: He'll most likely proceed to methodically eliminate everything and everyone he perceives as harmful to the thing he's chosen to protect...
JB: When Kusakabe Asako was still with us, it was possible to control the boy as a tool, but... that's no longer a possibility...
Otsuka: A tool... What do you mean by that, exactly?
JB: To rephrase, "an extremely lethal piece of national defense equipment." However... Yes, at the moment you might compare him to something like a grenade.
JB: Any grenade has its safety pin to prevent accidental discharge. So long as that one cheap sliver of metal is in place, you can walk around freely with the thing dangling from your hip.
JB: A soldier pulls out that pin and hurls the grenade in a controlled arc toward the enemy line. But the only soldier capable of taking out Kazami Yuuji's "pin" was Kusakabe Asako...  
JB: The rest of us have been fiddling around ineptly with someone else's tool. And right now, that pin is about ready to fall out all on its own...  
JB: A grenade with no pin and no objective is simply a bomb. Indiscriminately rendering all those around it to charred meat...
JB: Now that Kusakabe Asako's gone... if that pin's removed, he'll most likely go on a rampage...
JB: A man confident in the art of murder, unhesitant to exercise it, and completely untroubled by conscience or compassion... If it progresses to that point, no one will be able to stop him...
Otsuka: Let's not be melodramatic here. Any human being stops when they're dead. It's always regrettable to throw away broken parts, but I think we'll have him killed in action. I assume you have no objections?
JB: ...The decision is yours to make...
Otsuka: Honestly, you let one hell of a troublesome mad dog loose... I'll be returning to Central, but if there's anything you've forgotten, feel free to contact me at any time.
JB: ...Yes...
JB: ............
JB: ...*Sigh*... Good lord. Does he really have to run over to whine at me every time something happens...?
Chiara: ...This is turning into a real mess, isn't it...
JB: Excuse me... You were eavesdropping instead of working?
Chiara: No, no, I assure you I was being very productive... I've mostly finished reading the documents you submitted concerning Kazami Yuuji. Quite the astonishing past, to say nothing of his professional resume...
JB: You think? It's nothing that special around here, surely... We've got dogs with tragic stories lying around all over the place, you know?
Chiara: ...What do you think headquarters intends to do next...?
JB: Who knows? But, well... there's probably a limit to what CSS and NSA investigators can do here...
JB: Right about now, perhaps the director's negotiating with the "head office" big shots to see how many Special Forces Group units they can dispatch for us...?
Chiara: If they send in the local elite... I suppose that'll be an end to it, even for 9029...
JB: ...Yes, I imagine. The odds of him getting out of this alive are essentially zero...
JB: But remember this: that dog was raised by the Kusakabe Asako.
JB: Once he's bared his fangs against his opponent, you can blow off his limbs and he'll still crawl like a worm toward your throat... Even if you chop off his head, he's prepared to glare you to death...
JB: We spent 60,000 dollars a year training him ever since he was a pup, you know...? We've made an enemy of one of the most dangerous "dogs" you'll ever find... We can't allow ourselves to forget that.
JB: But...
Chiara: ...But?
Narration: *...Even if you wipe out the enemies who come for you...  They're never going to stop coming, Yuuji... *

Chiara: This talk show just now did a whole segment on the shock to the Japanese economy, you know? Toilet-paper shortages and all that.
JB: Ridiculous... but if toilet paper starts flying off the shelves as a result, I suppose I'd be a little pleased.
Chiara: Uhm, why?
JB: On a certain individual's recommendation, I bought a good bit of stock in a major paper-manufacturing company in Chuo ward the other day...
Chiara: Aah, that company that made fighter planes for the army in the war?
JB: Indeed.
Chiara: Well, lucky you... Who gave you a sweet tip like that, anyway?
JB: That's a secret. More importantly, have we made any progress tracking Number 9029's movements after fleeing the scene?
Chiara: No. We just can't seem to pick up his trail...
Chiara: At the moment, I guess we're cooperating with Sakuradamon on gathering witness reports, but... they seem to be pretty irritable at the moment, so there's very little information flowing back to us...
JB: ...Well... you can hardly blame them for that. There were fatalities among the security police, after all...
Chiara: ...But that goes for both of us, right? The reports indicated our 9029 was gravely injured... He might well be lying dead in a ditch somewhere by now.
JB: He's not a sweet enough mutt to roll over and die that easily...
Chiara: ...But... from the reports of the public safety officers who responded to the scene, it seems he took at least four bullets―
Chiara: And one of those seems to have taken a nasty ricochet off a concrete wall, so he must've been gravely injured...
JB: But we haven't found his corpse, now have we...?
Chiara: ...I feel like it may be just a matter of time, to be honest...
JB: ............
Chiara: Ah, no! It's not like I'm particularly hoping that 9029's dead, you know...?
JB: Yes, I understand that...
Chiara: But really... I wonder where he went... It's not like there's anywhere for him to return to...
JB: What about Irisu Makina's hospital? Have we posted anyone there?
Chiara: No, nobody... I mean, the Irisu clan has other things to worry about right now. She's still sleeping in her bed as always... Wonder what happens to her now?
JB: Who knows...? I expect they'll take measures of some sort once the confusion dies down a little...
Chiara: Perhaps they'll restore Makina as the family's representative...?
JB: Depends on how things play out. Her little sister Sarina hasn't died either... For the moment, I imagine they'll have something of a deadlock on their hands...
Chiara: Quite a mess they're in...
JB: It's not just their problem, you know? This fire started in our house. We're scraping and bowing left and right...  
Chiara: That 9029 sure made our lives a lot harder...
JB: ...That's the way it always is. You could call it the nature of Number 9029...
Chiara: ...Wonder if I'll end up as the case officer to a 9029 myself, someday...?
JB: Well, why not...? Should the current 9029's death be confirmed, and we find ourselves a new candidate to inherit the number... I don't mind letting you have a try.
Chiara: Huh... really? Ah, but... it'd probably be impossible for me...
JB: Oh? Why do you think so?
Chiara: I don't think... I could become as strong as you, Chief...
JB: ...What's that supposed to mean?
Chiara: Exactly what it sounds like...
Chiara: ...! Urgent report!!
JB: From where!?
Chiara: The hospital where Irisu Makina was admitted! Shall I read it!?
JB: Please!
Chiara: The patient is missing from her hospital room! Irisu Makina seems to have fled!! 
JB: What did you say!? What's going on!?
Chiara: I don't know any more than you do... Although she hadn't regained consciousness, it seems her vitals were stabilizing recently... They speculate she abruptly woke up and immediately made her escape.
JB: ...Oh, lord... What a mess...
Chiara: Shall we search for her? It's possible that she's headed for Number 9029's hideout.
JB: ............
Chiara: ...Chief...?
JB: ...It's fine. Just leave Irisu Makina be...
Chiara: But...!!
JB: I'm telling you to forget it...
Chiara: ...Yes...
Narration: *She can run all she wants. It's not like there's anywhere left to run to.*
Narration: *Even if we leave those two be, there's nothing more they can do.*
Narration: *Those children have no allies.*
Narration: *If any hand should reach out to help them now, it could only be that of the devil.*
Narration: *A secret organization unbound by law, taking in even irredeemable criminals so long as they have potential... binding them with "amnesty," forcing them into advanced training... domesticating watchdogs to serve the national interest...*
Narration: *That's right... only the devil's hand... The hand of our "company," CIRS...*
Narration: *A dog that's been domesticated stays that way for life. They may run away, but in the end they'll grow hungry and return to their kennel.*
Narration: *Our "dogs" don't know how to live without a master... After all, that's the very reason they earned their nickname.*
Date: *September 5, 2011, 18:12 - Metropolitan Area*
Makina: ............
Makina: ...Papa's... really late...
Narration: *I'm sure Papa came to see me last night.*
Narration: *And he told me to wait here this evening... He said... he'd definitely come to pick me up...*
Narration: *He told me... everything would be over by now... so why isn't he here...?*
Narration: *Maybe Papa... ended up just like my real Papa... Maybe he died... to protect me...*
Makina: ...That ain't it... right? I mean, he promised... he wouldn't go off an' die for my sake... I totally told him... That's the last thing I need...
Narration: *I'm sick and tired... of people dying because of me...*
Narration: *I tried so hard... and I can do all sorts of stuff now... I thought I could finally get by alone... Stop bein' a burden... I really did...  *
Narration: *Why...?*
Narration: *Why do the people I come to love always die...?*
Makina: ...Papa... you liar...
Yuuji: ...Who're you calling a liar...?
Makina: ...Papa!
Yuuji: ...Sorry, guess I'm a little late... You wait long...?
Makina: ...Papa... you're alive? I've been waitin' all this time... I was really worried, ya know...? 
Yuuji: It's fine... There's no way I'd die, right...? Gave you... my word on that... And I kept... my other promise, too... I put an end to everything...  
Makina: ...Huh? Put an end... What d'you mean? To what...?
Yuuji: Everything... I won't... let anyone make you sad again... That's all over now...
Makina: Really...? You really mean it?
Yuuji: ...Yeah...
Makina: ...Then... we can be together again? Let's... go someplace nobody knows about, and live together...
Yuuji: Sounds good... Let's do that...
Makina: Okay... let's go.
Makina: ...Papa?
Yuuji: ...Maki...na...
Makina: Papa... what's wrong? Are you okay...?
Yuuji: It's fine... Here, Makina... take this... and throw it away somewhere... someplace... nobody's ever going to find it...
Makina: ...What... is this...? A gun...?
Yuuji: Won't be needing that thing... where we're going now...
Makina: ...Papa...? Is this... blood? And... there's kind of a lot of it... on the ground too... Lots and lots... Papa... did you get hurt...?
Yuuji: I'm fine... Listen, Makina... I've got... something else to give you...
Makina: What...? What do I need to do? What... What should I... Please, Papa...!!
Yuuji: ...There's a checkbook and a debit card... in the breast pocket of my suit... They're both in... your name...
Yuuji: ...That account's got... the seventy million you gave to me... and all the money I've saved up at work until now... Every last dime...
Yuuji: It's... yours now... The PIN is... 9029... Don't forget that... It's 9029...
Makina: Papa...? ...Why? Why are you talkin' like this!? It almost sounds like... you're gonna die or something... Papa?
Yuuji: Also... one more thing...
Makina: ...Papa? I'm over here...
Yuuji: ...Sorry... I can't... see so well anymore... Take this and hold onto it...
Makina: What's this...?
Yuuji: ...A business card... from my "company"... If you run into trouble... some problem... you just can't solve yourself... call this number...
Makina: ...Papa...?
Yuuji: ............
Makina: Papa... this isn't happenin', right...? Hey, Papa...
Makina: ...Are you... gonna die... and leave me all alone again...?
Makina: ...Please... Please don't... Please, Papaaa!

Narration: *The contents of the stories are more or less the same, no matter what channel I flip to. *
Narration: *The crime was the work of a terrorist group of unknown nationality; the ringleader and would-be assassin was quickly overpowered by special police guarding the building, but attempted suicide―  *
Narration: *And although he was immediately rushed to the hospital, his death was confirmed in the ambulance prior to arrival...*
Narration: *It's a shoddy, hackneyed bit of embroidery. But for some reason, that's just the sort of window-dressing the organism known as "the public" is most eager to swallow.*
Narration: *Most likely because a story full of holes offers more opportunity to carp about the government's response. It's more entertaining that way.*
Narration: *One morning talk show has quickly arranged for a special panel discussion, featuring an economic analyst who's become a popular early-morning talking head recently―*
Narration: *Along with a military commentator who's made a name for himself through comically strident anti-American ravings, frequent opponents currently engaging in a vigorous, spit-spewing exchange of ideas.*
Economic　Analyst: First of all, please take a look at this slide. This graph demonstrates the trends in total Irisu Group revenue over the last ten years, demonstrating...
Military　Commentator: When you hear the word "terrorist," I'm sure everyone immediately thinks of the north or the middle east. But please don't forget about our good friends in "Country C," either.
Military　Commentator: I trust you can guess the one I'm referring to? Yes, the second most prideful nation in the world...
Narration: *With a quiet snort, I pick up the nav system's remote control and flip from the 1seg broadcast back to the GPS screen.*
Narration: *Mass-media targeted "Embroidery" Type A, Plan B. The scenario I prepared is permeating into the public discourse much as anticipated.*
Narration: *In twenty days, a pre-planned shake-up at the Ministry of Justice will become the new hot topic of the moment, and for the majority of the citizenry this incident will be bundled off into a dusty corner of their memory.*
Narration: *This chain of incidents has reached a tentative conclusion.*
Narration: *But there's still the mystery of I-9029's current whereabouts―*
Narration: *And one other problem, simultaneously the most trivial and the most crucial element of this case, also remains unresolved.*
Narration: *A mother who fled overseas, leaving her daughter in a hospital as though abandoning a broken toy she'd grown bored of...*
Narration: *The question of how Irisu Makina will be dealt with interests me greatly.*
Narration: *―The girl hasn't simply been left behind by an indifferent mother. That's only a superficial part of the truth. It would be more accurate to say that we've used the confusion to take control of her as a potential "material witness."*
Narration: *It proves a wise bet. In compensation for a full accounting of the events that took place last night, Irisu Makina offers me extensive details concerning the Irisu Clan's past history of corruption and criminal misconduct.*
Narration: *The information in her verbal statement is astonishingly precise, proof that her memories of the family's secret record books remain vivid and clear down to the minutest details...*
Narration: *And so, in the form of a young woman, our organization obtains the Irisu Clan's "Book of the Dead." A prize worthy of all we spent in its pursuit. *
Narration: *The knowledge I gained this afternoon alone will be more than sufficient a bargaining chip to seal the Irisu's lips concerning 9029's misconduct.  *
Narration: *With the addition of one more document to the most classified files of the secret organization known as CIRS, we immediately extend a guarantee of personal security to our newest resource.*
JB: ...The only remaining question would be your future course in life. We'll offer our assistance to whatever degree possible, but... do you have any particular aspirations...? 
Makina: ............
JB: Hello, dear... Are you listening to me...?
Narration: *Her eyes are open wide, and I know she's fully alert. But for the last little while, the girl's simply been staring at the apple seedling sitting by the window with a dopey look in her eyes.*
Narration: *Perhaps it would've been best to conceal the fact that Kazami Yuuji disappeared after suffering grave injuries...?*
Narration: *In combination with his failed assassination of Makina's own mother, the shock might even prove powerful enough to trigger a relapse of her prior aphasia.*
JB: ...Tell me, what are you planning to do now...?
Makina: ...Gonna go home...
JB: Go home...? To where...?
Narration: *The girl no longer has any such thing...*
Narration: *Her mother and sister have gone overseas in search of an organ donor. Her own family wanted her dead. *
Narration: *Under such circumstances, who can she possibly return to...?*
Narration: *There's only one possible answer to my question.*
Makina: ...I'm goin'... to where Papa is...
JB: Papa...? Uhm... which do you mean?
Narration: *Her father in heaven...? Or that domesticated dog of ours who seems to have fallen off the face of the earth...?*
Narration: *Well... I suppose it really has to be the latter...*
JB: ...We don't have any information on Kazami Yuuji's movements as of yet.
Makina: We promised... Papa... promised me... he'd definitely come pick me up...
JB: ...A promise, eh?
Makina: Yeah, a promise... So don't worry about me, okay...? Just leave me alone... an' I'll live with Papa from now on... Forever an' ever, just th' two of us... We'll be just fine...
JB: ...I see.
Narration: *A lonely girl in a hospital bed, dreaming of an ephemeral future...*
Narration: *Someday, the prince will come and carry her away. She truly believes that.*
Narration: *And in time, the day will come when she can look back on that dream with nostalgia.*
Narration: *With this little soliloquy running through my head, I leave Irisu Makina's hospital room behind.*
Narration: *The evening of that same day, I learn that she's slipped out of her bed and disappeared quietly from the hospital.*
Date: *September 5, 2011, 18:12 - Metropolitan Area*
Makina: ............
Makina: ...Papa's... really late...
Narration: *I have the strangest feeling that I've just emerged from a long, long nightmare.*
Narration: *I can almost believe that everything was a dream. Being in Mihama Academy... meeting a person named Kazami Yuuji... having him become my papa.*
Narration: *But the apple seedling's in my hands. I can feel it against my palms.*
Narration: *In that case, Papa wasn't a dream either. I want to believe that.*
Makina: ...I mean... he promised, right? He totally promised. He'll be here... Papa's definitely gonna show up... I mean, he's never broken a promise to me. Not even once...
Narration: *And so I wait in front of the station, an apple tree in my arms.*
Narration: *It's already a little past the time we decided on, and a bunch of people have given me funny looks as they walk by, but I don't care one bit.*
Narration: *Other people... don't scare me anymore.*
Narration: *I mean, Papa will be here any minute to pick me up... So what is there to be afraid of...?*
Yuuji: ...Makina...
Makina: ...Papa!
Yuuji: ...Sorry, guess I'm a little late... You wait long...?
Makina: ...Yeah... I was waitin', you know...? Waitin' and waitin', this whole time...
Yuuji: I see... My bad. Also... I'm sorry... I told you I'd put an end to everything, but... I couldn't pull it off...
Makina: Nah, don't worry... It's okay. It's all over now... All of it... 
Makina: We can run away again... together...
Makina: As long as you're with me, Papa, that's enough... So let's run away, just the two of us... Go someplace nobody knows about, and live together...
Yuuji: Yeah, sounds good... Let's do that...
Makina: Okay... let's go.
Narration: *Hand in hand, leaning close in our seats, we sway with the movements of an outbound train...*
Makina: ...Hey, where are we goin'...?
Yuuji: ...Good question... Any place you want to go, Makina...?
Makina: Uhhhhm... th' sea?
Yuuji: The sea, huh...?
Makina: Yeah, I think a beach would be nice...
Yuuji: So we go to the beach... and then what?
Makina: Welp, I wanna shoot off some fireworks...
Yuuji: What else...?
Makina: ...Oh, I want to play with a puppy! And practice riding bikes, too.
Yuuji: What do those have to do with the beach?
Makina: Ahahaha, ya got a point there...
Yuuji: Well, it's fine... We've got the money... I haven't touched that seventy million yen you gave me... We can do anything at all...
Makina: Okay then, let's buy ourselves a beach house on th' Florida shore...
Yuuji: Florida, huh... That a nice place...?
Makina: It's hella warm! Ideal for takin' it easy. Famous for its seafood an' sex.
Yuuji: Sounds appealing... I'm a big fan of both...
Makina: Let's buy ourselves a house by th' sea... I'll start up a bakery on th' bottom floor, sellin' my handmade bread...
Yuuji: ...I like that... Hell, we'll get you a puppy and a bicycle, too... And at night, we can go out and play with fireworks...
Yuuji: ...And... well, let's see... What else? We've still got plenty of money... Makina, what do you want to do...? 
Makina: Hmmmm... I guess... but you know, Papa... right now, just havin' you with me is enough... I don't need anythin' else...
Yuuji: I see...
Makina: ...Papa...?
Yuuji: ...Hm...? What... is it...?
Makina: You're bleeding... Look, on the seat too... and the floor... there's... a whole lot...
Yuuji: Yep... truth is, I screwed up a bit... But it's fine... Doesn't hurt that much...
Makina: ...When wounds don't hurt... that means they're fatal, ya know...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah... might be... It's getting hard to keep my eyes open... Feels like I'm going to fall asleep... unless I keep talking... 
Makina: If you fall asleep... you'll die...
Yuuji: ............
Makina: ...Papa...?
Makina: ...Hey... are you gonna die... an' leave me all alone again...?
Makina: ...Please... Please don't... Please, Papa!

Narration: *―One year later...*
Narration: *Just as Papa and I had agreed, using the seventy million yen he returned to me as capital, I opened a small bakery in the corner of a small town by the sea.*
Makina: Thank ya kindly! Don't be a stranger, now!♪
Narration: *There weren't that many customers at first. I mean, the store kinda popped up outta nowhere, and the baker bein' some random Japanese person prob'ly didn't help.*
Narration: *But even so, lately business has been picking up little by little, and I've even got a few regulars who've developed a taste for my artisanal melon buns.  *
Narration: *I couldn't have gotten this far on my own. Heck, I wouldn't have thought of tryin' to open a store in the first place.*
Narration: *I got where I am today because a whole lot of people were there for me. More than I ever would've expected.*
Narration: *I'm only here because of their help.*
Narration: *And even among them, there's one person I'm particularly grateful to―*
Yuuji: ...Morning, Makina...
Makina: Ah! Papa! G'morning! Sleep well last night?
Yuuji: Yeah, I've been sleeping a lot better lately...
Makina: Anyhoo, take a load off. I'll make some coffee, okay?
Yuuji: Yeah, appreciate it...
Makina: I'm glad... You're lookin' so much better lately. I seriously thought you were gonna die that day, ya know...?
Yuuji: Hahah. To hear JB tell it, I'm not a sweet enough mutt to roll over and die that easily...
Makina: But... ya did lose your right arm and all...
Yuuji: Well, what're you gonna do? The bones and muscle in my shoulder were totally pulverized, so the arm was basically dangling off a bit of skin... I knew it was gone the instant I got a decent look...
Yuuji: When I was changing clothes in the station bathroom after being shot, I even considered just ripping the thing off and leaving it behind. Decided against it, though. No reason to give some poor janitor a heart attack...
Makina: Okay, yeah, but did ya really have to wrap the thing up with packing tape from some convenience store...? Ya have no idea how many times I upchucked while givin' you first aid...
Yuuji: True enough. Sorry about that...
Makina: Nah... I'm the one who should be apologizing. I mean... you did all that for me... I really am sorry...
Yuuji: ...It's fine... Feels like a bit of a lucky break, if anything. Small price to pay for a divorce from the devil...
Makina: Anyway, Papa, ya picked a good time to come over! There ain't any customers, so why don't we have breakfast?
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm actually starving...
Makina: You've been cleanin' your plate a lot more often lately. Makes me a little happy to see that, ya know?
Makina: Hm? Oh, it's the phone... Hold on a sec, Papa.
Makina: <Hello...? This is Makina speaking...>
Chiara: ...9029... you have a job...
Makina: What th' heck, it's just stupid ol' Chiara... What're ya callin' me up for first thing in th' morning, girl?
Chiara: It's an emergency. A vehicle will be coming to pick you up in thirty minutes. Make your preparations...
Makina: Screw that! You do it! I'll loan ya my rifle, okay? I ain't even had breakfast yet!
Chiara: ...Okay, look... I haven't eaten anything myself, for your information! Just get ready, all right!? I swear to god... Is there some law that number 9029 can only be passed on to a completely pigheaded brat, or what...?
Makina: Don't get all grumpy. You'll stop menstruatin'.
Chiara: You two do remember who's making that happy-go-lucky beach bakery lifestyle of yours possible, yes!?
Makina: All right... Fine, I know. Message received. Ya want me to work, I work. I'll take th' job seriously...
Chiara: ...Swear that to the Stars and Stripes, please...
Makina: Yeah, yeah, I swear on th' flag...
Chiara: ...You have twenty-seven minutes. Get to the standby position with C-type equipment...
Makina: ...Roger...
Yuuji: You going...?
Makina: Yeah, some job came up alluva sudden. Sorry 'bout that. Will you be okay by yourself?
Yuuji: Not a problem. I'm pretty used to the artificial arm by now. Making coffee shouldn't be an issue.
Makina: Mmkay then, I'm headin' out for a bit!
Yuuji: Don't screw up, kid.
Makina: Indeed! Won't be a problem! Leave it all to me!
Makina: Oh, that's right! Can I borrow yer Leupold, Papa!?
Yuuji: What, again? You're always breaking them...
Makina: It'll be fine! C'mon! Please!
Yuuji: ...Fine, take it...
Makina: Whoo-hoo! Spanks ya!! I'll be back in a jiffy!!
Narration: *After strapping the case of my beloved L96A1-AWS into my folding aluminum cart, I carefully tie down a smaller box containing the scope I successfully bummed off Papa―*
Narration: *Then set off for the neighborhood parking lot where my ride will arrive, pulling the rattling cart along the ground behind me.*
Narration: *The sun in Florida's ridiculously strong. When I turn my sunglass-clad eyes up to the sky, the fat ol' ball of fire blazes down on my face, scorching my cheeks.*
Narration: *...Looks like another nice day's brewin'...*
Narration: *On days like this, the air's crisp and dry with low humidity, so th' bullets fly nice and steady. I'm thinkin' dead-center on the first shot. Fer sure...*
Narration: *Coming to a new town, starting a new job at my bakery, I also picked up a new part-time position. Specifically, I'm startin' to take over Papa's work, now that he's retired from his injuries an' all.*
Narration: *It's a lotta new stuff to deal with at once, and I'm still in th' awkward gettin'-used-to-it phase, but on the whole I'm findin' this new life of mine pretty fulfilling.*
Narration: *Yep, pretty dang fulfillin' indeed.*
Narration: *Can't say as my life really got off to that great a start, but right now every day seems fun. Maybe it's because I can do all sortsa stuff now that I couldn't before.*
Narration: *Best part is, I'm pretty sure tomorrow's gonna be fun too. And th' day after that. And a whole lotta days after that. If that ain't happiness, what is?*
Narration: *Protecting this tranquil little lifestyle is my number one ob-jeckt-ive now.*
Makina: ...9029. I've arrived...
Chiara: ...Acknowledged.
Narration: *By now I'm used to havin' her cut the line on me after a single word.*
Narration: *There's a whole lotta things I've got to do in order to keep this happy life of mine rolling along.*
Narration: *But it's no biggie... My head isn't hurting today. Not yet.*
Makina: ...All right then... let's do this thing!
Narration: *Firing myself up a little, I look up into the sky once again. A flock of seagulls soar by overhead. *
Narration: *I take off my sunglasses, retrieve the small bottle from my pocket, and apply my eyedrops. Closing my eyes, I listen to the waves breaking softly on the shore.*

Narration: *―Half a year later...*
Narration: *Holding Papa in my arms, terrified and bewildered, I called the number on the business card he'd just handed me.*
Narration: *When I told the person who answered I was Irisu Makina, she said help was on the way. And just as she promised, a bright red sports car with a big butt showed up very quickly.*
Narration: *The person diving the red sports car was a lady with glasses and dark skin―*
Narration: *She helped out Papa and me, and soon we were flying to America in a big airplane called a "Hercules."*
Narration: *And... just I'd been hoping for some time, using the money Papa returned to me as capital, I was able to open a small bakery in the corner of a small town by the sea.*
Makina: ...No customers today either, huh? Wonder what th' problem is?
Narration: *Welp, it's all well an' good that I got my store up and running, but I guess there isn't that big a market for bread baked by some random Japanese person. *
Narration: *People do show up once in a while, but... the instant they come into the store, everybody always grimaces and walks right back out again.*
Narration: *Since I've got some confidence in the taste of my bread, it's a little frustratin' that they all leave without even trying some.*
Narration: *Even so, I've gotta keep my chin up... Papa's been sick for a long time now, an' he's in no shape to work... so I gotta do my best...*
Narration: *Papa's the one who saved me... so my life belongs to him, ya know...?*
Narration: *'Course, that goes fer both of us... Papa's life belongs to me, too...*
Makina: Hey, Papa! Looks like we don't have any customers today either. Why don't we just have breakfast?
Yuuji: Yeah... sounds like a plan, Makina...
Makina: Think you're gonna be able to clean your plate today? No matter what I make, you're alllways leavin' stuff behind, ya know...
Yuuji: Don't worry... I'll eat it all today...
Makina: You better, okay? Oh... Hey, Papa, can ya pass me th' salt?
Yuuji: ...You can get that yourself, kid...
Makina: Tch. You're so mean, Papa. Fine, I'll pass it to myself.
Yuuji: Makina... don't you have to water... the apple tree...?
Makina: Hm? Ah, that's right! Gotta take care of th' seedling...
Makina: ...Whoopsy...
Makina: ...The tree... ain't growin' too much, is it...
Yuuji: ...Maybe... it's already withered...?
Makina: That ain't true... It'll definitely become a real big tree someday... with lots and lotsa apples...
Makina: ...I hope we get some fruit soon... Once that happens, I'll bake you some apple pie again, okay?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm looking forward to that...
Narration: *I'm the only one who can hear Papa's words.*
Narration: *Why can't anybody else hear him, anyway...?*
Narration: *I mean, you're talkin' so clearly... right, Papa?*
Narration: *"...Yeah... you're right, Makina..."*
Narration: *The sky above is clear. A deep, pure blue.*
Narration: *I can hear the seagulls crying. The sound of th' waves.*
Makina: Nice weather again, ain't it...? Hmm... what should we do today, Papa...?
Makina: How 'bout we ride bikes... an' go look at the puppies in the pet shop...?
Makina: And then... yeah, I know... Once th' sun sets, let's go to th' beach and do fireworks...
Makina: ...Hehe, you think? Is it really that childish...?
Makina: Yeah, I know. The baby in my tummy's gonna be born soon... But don't worry... I'll be a good mother...
Makina: ...It'll be fine... I'm gonna become a really nice mommy... I promise... okay...? 
Makina: Hm? Oh, it's the phone... Hold on a sec, Papa.
Makina: <Hello...? This is Makina speaking...>
Chiara: ...9029... you have a job...
Makina: Mm... gotcha... Where do I go?
Chiara: A vehicle will be coming to pick you up in thirty minutes. Make your preparations and stand by.
Makina: ...Affirmative...
Makina: Yeah... that's right... Sorry, looks like I gots a little job ta do...
Makina: Hm? Aah, don't worry... I won't overdo it. I mean, I got the baby in my belly an' all...
Makina: All right, Papa... I'm goin' to work now, 'kay?
Makina: It's fine. I'll finish up real quick an' be back in no time...
Makina: ...I love you, Papa... *Smack*...
Narration: *...It's fine... There's nothin' to worry yourself about.*
Narration: *I can... do anything now... Anything at all... even if I'm by myself...*
Narration: *So this time... I'll help you out, Papa...*
Narration: *Don't worry... I'll protect you no matter what...*
Narration: *So just... wait nice an' quietly, okay...?*
Narration: *When my head's too noisy... The bullets don't go where I want 'em to―*

Date: *July 14, 2011, 07:03 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Narration: *―Old habits die hard.*
Narration: *When entering a building, I count the number of exits. When walking through town, every once in a while I stop abruptly and look behind me. Running every morning is practically reflex by now... as is "rigging" my door before I leave.*
Narration: *Spend much time in a job like mine, and you'll naturally acquire many small habits like these. Pointless as they might seem, every once in a while they'll save your life.*
Narration: *This morning, as usual, I stuck a bit of tape in an inconspicuous spot under the door on my way out. It's a simple precaution against the arrival of intruders in my absence.*
Narration: *But in this particular case, the intruder's left behind such brazen signs of their entry as to render my little trick completely absurd. Not the most pleasant way to start the day.*
Makina: Ah! Welcome back, Papa! I got breakfast ready!
Yuuji: Makina... So this was your work after all?
Makina: Which kinda yogurt do ya want? Aloe, bloo-burry, or apple?
Yuuji: I'll take the blueberry...
Makina: Mmkay then, I'll get that for ya on th' double! Just sit yerself down an' wait! 'Kay?
Narration: *My low coffee table is partially occupied by a plate of formidable sandwiches - ham, cheese, and lettuce stuffed between dark, tough-looking hunks of rye bread.*
Narration: *There's also a carton of milk and a plastic bottle of iced coffee. Surprisingly decent spread, considering Makina's the one who prepared it. I pour a glass of milk and gulp it down.*
Yuuji: So tell me, Makina, was it you who blasted through my door?
Makina: Hmmmmm? Whaaaat?
Yuuji: The lock on my door's been destroyed. I'm asking if you're responsible.
Makina: Oooh, right. I mean, what else am I supposed ta do? It was locked!
Yuuji: Amane has a spare key, doesn't she?
Makina: Ama-nee was still sleepin'. I woulda felt bad about wakin' her... And I'm not th' one who broke it, ya know? It was Sacchin that done th' deed.
Yuuji: I see. Sachi, eh...
Narration: *I did vaguely suspect her involvement from that "ends justify the means" approach to breaking and entering.*
Narration: *"Broken" doesn't really describe the current state of my door, actually. "Melted" might be a better word.*
Narration: *Specifically, brute-force application of extreme heat has left a gaping hole where my lock used to be. At first, I thought they'd busted out an oxyacetylene torch or something―*
Narration: *But then I noticed the discarded coffee can lying on the ground nearby.*
Narration: *Its payload: pulverized iron oxide and aluminum powder, with a strip of magnesium as a makeshift fuse.*
Narration: *Probably got the iron by cutting open disposable hand warmer packets... maybe broke down a sheet of aluminum foil in a mixer...*
Narration: *Then fixed the can to the door using wire and tape before setting off a nice pyrotechnic thermite reaction... It's the sort of trick you'd expect from a savvy terrorist.*
Yuuji: ...Give that woman two years of training and she'd fit right in with the IRA...
Narration: *Imagining Sachi kneeling beside the door in full maid uniform, silently setting up her home-made explosives, the joke doesn't seem particularly funny.  *
Makina: Not ta worry, Sacchin's gonna go to th' hardware store after school and buy ya a new lock.
Yuuji: If you're going to repair it, then how about not breaking it in the first place...?
Makina: Grrrm. It's yer fault for not givin' me a key!
Yuuji: Hah... look at you playing the clingy girlfriend. Cheeky brat.
Makina: What th' heck! Look here, bub. Yer adorable li'l daughter's waitin' for you with breakfast, ya know? Aren't ya happy?
Yuuji: Well, I suppose...
Makina: I see how it is. Ya like the big titties after all, huh? Ya want some shameless hussy wearin' nothin' but an apron? Prancin' around first thing in th' mornin' with one fat udder saggin' out th' side!?  
Yuuji: Hey now, Amane'd kick your ass if she heard that.
Makina: In th' first place, yer not livin' up to your role as a father here! When yer daughter's waitin' ta welcome you back, ain'tcha at least supposed ta say "I'm home?" Maybe give her a li'l kiss? 
Yuuji: Is that how it works...? Sorry. I'm not too knowledgeable when it comes to this particular role.
Makina: Grrrm... All right, in that case I guess I'll have to teach ya. Okay, we're gonna redo this from the part where ya came home.
Yuuji: What a pain in the ass...
Makina: Quitcher bitchin'! Toss open that door an' say "I'm back, Makina! Daddy's home!"
Yuuji: Fine, fine. Stop screaming, will you?
Narration: *...Why do I have to participate in some surreal skit first thing in the damn morning...?*
Narration: *Might I, by some chance, have adopted something of a problem child...?*
Narration: *Irrepressible unease sends thick drops of sweat trickling down my forehead, very different from the pleasant perspiration I worked up while running. My chilled blood sinks heavily to the bottom of my feet like a lump of lead.*
Narration: *But since I accepted this responsibility, I can't do a half-assed job of it. If Makina wants me to play this character for her, I suppose duty demands that I do so.*
Yuuji: ...Haah...
Narration: *After pausing briefly to exhale, I reach out and grab the half-melted doorknob.*
Yuuji: I'm back, Makina! Daddy's home!
Makina: Welcome home, Papa!!
Narration: *A huge smile stretched across her face, Makina spreads her arms open wide and takes a step toward me.*
Narration: *Probably scheming to throw herself full-force into my chest. I hold out my hands to catch the girl and blunt the impact, but...*
Narration: *In that very instant, Makina momentarily disappears from my field of vision.*
Yuuji: What the―!?
Yuuji: ...Glbuh!!
Narration: *Before I have time to react, I suffer a powerful blow to my lower abdomen - right around the solar plexus.*
Narration: *"Impossible... How did she...!?"*
Narration: *The breath's been knocked out of my lungs and my eyeballs are wobbling in their sockets like drunken marines in an earthquake, but somehow I manage to turn my gaze down. Makina's fuzzy little head is firmly lodged in my gut.*
Narration: *"A slide... dash...!?"*
Narration: *As I crumble to my knees, Makina scampers nimbly up onto my body, wraps her arms around the back of my head like a Muay Thai boxer preparing to deliver a knee kick, and then―*
Makina: Mwaaaaaah...
Narration: *―Smashes her lips against mine with the force and speed of a spear thrust.*
Yuuji: ...Bwah... guh...!!
Narration: *Our teeth knock against each other with an audible "thunk."*
Narration: *I reflexively try to pull myself away, but Makina isn't about to allow that. Swiftly coiling her ankles around the back of my knees, she leans all of her body weight forward in an effort to push me down.*
Yuuji: Mmgh!!
Narration: *Struggling to resist Makina's stubborn "hold," I brace my abdominal muscles and try to keep myself still. But with my lower body completely disabled, the girl's forty-kilo mass is too much to support. She quickly pins me to the ground.*
Makina: ...Nmomho... mm... foo... *Slrrrrrrrp*... mmf... Papa... open yer mouth for me, mmkaaay?
Yuuji: Buh... geh... Makina... what the hell are you doing...?
Makina: Whaddaya mean...? It's just yer welcome home kiss... hahm... mm... *Slurrrrrp*...
Narration: *As my mouth falls open involuntarily, Makina shoves her tongue inside with all the eagerness of a hyena snapping at its prey.*
Narration: *Wait, hold on... isn't this a little wrong? I mean... this isn't quite what I imagine when you say "welcome home kiss." I was thinking more, I don't know... a smack on the cheek... or something. Right?*
Narration: *In any case, I've got to peel the girl off me. I reach up blindly; my hand ends up touching Makina's chest.*
Makina: ...Mmm... ah... Nooo... Papa, you peeerv...
Narration: *This girl never wears any damn underwear, does she? Not that the thought really does much for me... Still, it's not so bad having this ridiculously warm little body on top of mine. A little sweaty, but kind of pleasant in a way.*
Narration: *Sometimes irritating, sometimes soothing. Might this be what familial love is...?*
Narration: *As Makina maintains her noisy assault on my tonsils, I softly slip an arm around her back. *
Narration: *The girl's so slender it feels like she might snap if I embrace her too forcefully. Holding her light little body in my arms stirs up powerful protective feelings.*
Yuuji: ...Makina...
Narration: *I can't do much. But if nothing else, surely I can manage to keep an idiotic grin on the face of one irritating, sweet little girl.*
Narration: *This is what I need to protect. I feel like I'm starting to understand - not just the meaning of those words, but also the raw emotions they signify.*
Narration: *Covered in her spit  Warm affectionate feelings  For the bizarre beast. ―Kazami Yuuji.*
Narration: *Well, it felt like a haiku was warranted, but I didn't manage to work any seasonal words in there. Not my finest effort... But just as I'm smiling at the thought, events take an unanticipated turn.*
Narration: *Specifically, a sharp knocking at the door.*
Narration: *Followed immediately by―*
Amane: Am I interrupting something...?
Narration: *A question, delivered in a fairly harsh tone of voice.*
Yuuji: ...Amane...?
Makina: Nnphah! Fweh!?
Amane: Here I was, wondering where Makina had gotten to... So this is what you were up to, eh? Verrry interesting... Big sis didn't see this one coming, no sir...
Makina: Ah... uhm... hey, hold on a sec... It's not like there was any funny business goin' on, ya know? Uhm, it was just a little whatchamacallit... Family bondin'? We weren't doin' anythin' naughty...
Amane: Hmm? What's wrong, Makina? I'm not mad or anything.
Makina: Uhm... really...?
Amane: Yep, not mad. At you. More importantly, why don't you take a look at the clock?
Makina: Ah! I-It's this late already!? I gotta change into my uniform an' get ready fer school!
Amane: Mm, yep, guess so. Why don't you head back to your room and get changed, then? I've got a little something to discuss with your big brother here.
Narration: *Amane flutters her hands in the air in the classic "shoo, shoo" gesture.*
Narration: *Makina bites her lower lip, then peers up at Amane's face with upturned eyes.*
Makina: ...Uhm... do ya promise not to scold him too much?
Amane: Who, me? Scold Yuuji? Ahaha. Perish the thought! Just want to ask him a few questions, that's all. C'mon, run along! You need to get dressed, okay?  
Makina: O-Okay...
Narration: *Cowering like a kitten under the glare of a German Shepherd, Makina inches backward. One step, then two - and the instant she's clear of Amane's potential attack range, the girl turns on her heel and bursts into all-out retreat.*
Narration: *As she watches her young friend scamper off to safety, Amane folds her arms under her breasts and slowly swings her head from side to side, producing sharp little cracking sounds. When she finally speaks, her tone is somewhat exasperated.*
Amane: ...All right then. Mind explaining what that was all about, "Onii-chan?" 
Yuuji: Nothing to explain, it's just like you saw. Also, it's not "Onii-chan" anymore. I was promoted to "Papa" as of yesterday. 
Amane: ...Excuse me? Sorry, I'm afraid I don't quite follow.
Yuuji: Hrm, then I'll explain. Take a seat.
Narration: *After settling across the table from Amane, I explain the lay of the land in between bites of sandwich.*
Narration: *First of all, the events surrounding Makina's mysterious message yesterday afternoon.*
Narration: *Secondly, the way I felt after learning of the girl's desperate desire for a father.*
Narration: *And finally, how I'm planning to interact with Makina from now on.*
Amane: ...Well, I more or less understand what you're saying here. But what does any of this have to do with you kissing Makina, again?
Yuuji: ...Hrm? We're father and daughter now. Surely a kiss isn't anything out of the ordinary.
Amane: Uh, no... Well, a kiss on the cheek, maybe? Rolling around on the ground and passionately tongue-wrestling, normally not so much. Right?
Yuuji: That so? Unfortunately, I don't have too firm a grasp on the appropriate standard of normality here.
Amane: ...Ahhh, right. I guess... "normal" might be a little tricky in your case...
Yuuji: Anyway, what I regard as "normal" doesn't seem to coincide with what Makina wants from me.
Yuuji: To be honest with you, I don't really understand what it means to be a father. I'm basically playing it by ear for now.
Yuuji: That said, I made Makina a promise, so I intend to do everything I possibly can.
Yuuji: I may not have any decent examples to work off, but I do remember the "perfect dad" I imagined as a child... I'll try to become a father like that.
Amane: ...What sort of father would that be?
Yuuji: Let's see... Kind, but strict. Has the answer to any question. Teaches his child everything they need to know. A reliable, steady presence...
Yuuji: I'll never betray her, and she comes before everything else. She can sleep on my lap without a care in the world... That's the sort of father I want to be.
Amane: ...I see...
Amane: If you're taking it that seriously, I guess I'll keep my big nose out of this.
Yuuji: ...Oh? That was a lot easier than I expected.
Amane: Well, I mean... I knew that girl needed a father figure in her life. And I guess I sort of had a feeling it might turn out like this eventually...
Amane: Y'know how Makina's always wearing that one pair of boots? The brown-core Red Wing PT91s with the knife pocket...? Those things are pretty beat up by now, but they were a favorite of mine...
Amane: Liked 'em so much I replaced the soles so I could keep wearing them. And the heels twice. But when Makina said she had to have them, I handed them over...
Amane: When that girl asks for something, I just can't manage to turn her down.
Yuuji: What're you trying to say?
Amane: I guess I've... recognized that Makina needs you. Aah, is that girl ever going to stop snatching things away from me...?
Narration: *Amane scratches loudly at her head in a vaguely rueful gesture.*
Amane: But just because you're her "dad" now doesn't mean you're a couple, does it?
Yuuji: Hm? Uh, right. That's not exactly what being a father involves.
Amane: So I still have a chance, right?
Yuuji: Like I said, I'm putting Makina first from now on. You're only going to make yourself miserable if you don't accept that.
Amane: So what, if someone becomes happy someone else has to end up sad? Why not spread the happiness around instead? Makina and I can just share you.
Yuuji: ...Share me? How would that work, exactly?
Narration: *I'm not a planarian. Cutting me in half won't accomplish much.*
Amane: Easy enough! Since you're becoming Makina's dad, I can just be her mom.
Yuuji: Wha...!?
Narration: *The sandwich I had carried halfway to my mouth nearly drops out of my hand.*
Yuuji: What the... Hold on... Are you... a genius...?
Amane: Huh? I don't think I said anything that impressive...
Narration: *I had been prepared to sacrifice everything else for Makina's sake, but... I see... To be certain, your daughter and your wife are two entirely different matters. A shameful oversight on my part.*
Narration: *Amane's right... A "parent" exists in the context of a partnership... Surely a real family isn't such a fragmentary thing... *
Narration: *Everyone has their roles to play as a piece in the larger puzzle... The one who scolds and the one who comforts... the lecturer and the healer... the protector and the rebel... *
Narration: *Surrounded by diverse examples and exposed to various opinions, the children slowly choose their own path...*
Narration: *That's probably what a family should be.*
Yuuji: ...How could I miss such a simple thing...? I'm already a failure as a father...
Amane: Uh... well, that said, it's not like I can really become her mother. Wouldn't really be much more than a make-believe game...
Yuuji: ...A game, huh...?
Amane: Then again, at our age it can be easier to get serious about a game than the real thing. You know what I mean?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *My master said something similar when she adopted me... *
Narration: *It's not like I can ever be real family to you... but sometimes, fake families can grow closer than the genuine article precisely because they're pretending...*
Narration: *Like in the military, where the CO's the father, the XO's your mother, and your squad leader's the big brother... Sometimes, the trust and unity among such groups can be stronger than in a true family...*
Narration: *I suppose that makes me the CO of this fledgling division. Bearing total responsibility, burdened with the authority to send his pseudo-children to their deaths for the cause...*
Narration: *A man who, if driven by necessity, may be left with no choice but to issue just such an order.*
Yuuji: It seems I was still viewing this responsibility too lightly...
Amane: Well, try not to go overboard. It's all well and good to take things seriously, but make sure you don't confuse your actual responsibility with your "sense" of responsibility.
Yuuji: Responsibility and my sense of responsibility...?
Narration: *What the...? I feel like I've heard that line before... somewhere... *
Amane: Hm? Something wrong?
Yuuji: Uh... no, it's nothing.
Amane: In any case, for the moment I think you should be a little less worried about Makina's future, and a little more worried about yourself.
Yuuji: Sorry, what's that supposed to mean?
Amane: I'm a very understanding woman, as you know, but I can't say how the other girls are going to take this.
Yuuji: The other girls? What, our classmates? Is me becoming Makina's father going to cause some sort of problem with them?
Amane: Did you seriously think otherwise...? Y'know, you may be weirdly talented at handling women, but you're criminally oblivious when it comes to this sort of thing.
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *A certain incident comes to mind, from back in the days when I was still a genuine brat thoroughly unversed in the ways of women―*
Narration: *One morning, JB was clearly feeling poorly. Considerate young man that I was, I proceeded to badger her throughout breakfast about the nature of her distress... *
Narration: *Ultimately leading to an enraged bellow of "What do you think!?" and a thoroughly unpleasant day for the both of us. *
Yuuji: ...Amane, my friend. Are you referring to some variety of menstrual difficulties...?
Amane: Oh my god. Are you for real...?
Narration: *Well, expecting a man such as myself to divine the subtle workings of the female mind is the height of folly. But in any case, Amane's suggestion that I have something to worry about just doesn't feel convincing.*
Narration: *Ever since I was a child, people have been telling me that I "think too much," but even I can't see any need to waste my time pondering this.*
Yuuji: ...And so, I decided to become Makina's "father."
Narration: *..................*
Narration: *Dropping my hand onto Makina's head with a thump, I draw my frank, casual announcement to a close. In that instant, the very air of the classroom seems to freeze solid.*
Narration: *Sakaki's expression is so befuddled it seems clear that her mind hasn't fully processed the meaning of my words. Michiru's wide-open eyes are full of unspoken questions regarding my sanity.*
Narration: *The brush in Sachi's hand, running through Michiru's hair only a moment ago, has come to an abrupt halt. Her mouth lies slightly ajar, as if stuck halfway through a question.*
Narration: *Although all three have distinctly different reactions, they share one common feature: a long moment of silence.*
Narration: *It lasts perhaps ten seconds before Michiru finally manages to speak.*
Michiru: ...Excuse me? What the heck are you saying?
Yuuji: Didn't you hear? All right, I'll repeat myself one more time.
Narration: *Withdrawing my hand from Makina's fuzzy head, I clasp my arms behind my back and breathe in a hearty lungful of air.*
Michiru: No! No, no, no, no! I heard just fine! It's just uh... I don't really get what you mean...
Yuuji: I meant exactly what I said.
Michiru: Uhm, that's not really helping... Like, uh... what?
Makina: Allow me ta summarize. Kazami Yuuji is now Irisu Makina's man, so the rest of ya bums better keep yer stinkin' paws off him from now on!
Narration: *..................*
Narration: *And so arrives the second moment of utter silence.*
Narration: *Of course, I've actually become Makina's "father," and the term "man" strikes me as a fairly inexact analogue in this context. But then again, it's not like this is the first time Makina's displayed a lack of linguistic competence.*
Narration: *Hardly worth correcting every little slip of that stubby little tongue. After all, these girls have known Makina longer than me, so I'm sure they can grasp her actual meaning without any need for my interpretation. *
Narration: *"Ah, so that's how it is? Hmm..."*
Narration: *Most likely, words along these lines will bring this discussion to an end, and we'll shift on to some other trivial topic like always.*
Narration: *But my expectations prove somewhat off the mark. In a simultaneous movement that almost seems choreographed, Sakaki, Michiru, and Sachi turn their heads to stare at Amane, currently standing by with her arms folded and a wry smile on her face.*
Amane: ...Why look at me?
Michiru: Well, I mean... c'mon.
Yumiko: The man just declared he's going to become her father... I mean, the legal formalities alone...
Amane: Uh, I don't think it's quite that official... More like an extended game of make-believe or something? Y'know, like, "I'll be your mommy, Makina!" or whatever. Playing house, almost.
Sachi: ...Ah, is that the nature of the situation? Now I understand. But I must say, daddy roleplaying strikes me as a rather extreme choice...
Makina: Huhhh? I'm pretty dang serious about this. An' Papa said he'd protect me even if the whole world turned against me, ya know?
Yuuji: Yeah, that I did.
Makina: ...And ya meant it, right?
Yuuji: Of course.
Narration: *Makina's gazing up at me, clear anxiety in her eyes. I drop my hands onto her shoulders and nod firmly.*
Yuuji: There's no problem. I'm going to take care of you from now on.
Narration: *Back in the old days, when I asked my master a similar question, she gave me an answer along these lines.*
Narration: *Drop me in the worst hellhole on earth with nothing but a rusty knife, and I'll still come back alive. I'm an ultra high-powered piece of national defense equipment with the nerve and skill to single-handedly annihilate a thousand terrorists―*
Yuuji: And I'll use everything I have to raise you into a full-blown adult. You don't need to worry about a thing. 
Narration: *―But even so, I don't want her to experience the hardships I've known. Is this what they call "parental love"...?*
Makina: Yeah! Thanks, Papa! Squeezeee!!
Narration: *Shrieking out her own sound effect like a complete airhead, Makina wraps her arms around my waist and hugs me tightly.*
Amane: Okay then, I'll be Makina's mom! Squeezeee!!
Narration: *At this point, for some reason Amane decides to seize hold of my left arm and smother it between her oversized mammaries.*
Sachi: Ah, I see at last. In that case, I shall become Maki-chan's servant... Squeezee!!
Narration: *Seizing the moment, Sachi firmly grabs my right arm and likewise squeezes it against her chest.*
Yuuji: ...Hey now...
Narration: *A number of inquiries and complaints regarding this development run through my mind, but I'm discreet enough to keep them to myself.*
Narration: *Carefully maintaining her vicelike grasp, Sachi meets my exasperated gaze with upturned eyes as clear and expressionless as glass beads―*
Sachi: Yes?
Narration: *―And stares back at me with the cold pupils of a woman who isn't prepared to take no for an answer.*
Narration: *Her voice may be calm, but I've learned from experience that Sachi's astonishingly stubborn when she gets that look in her eyes. Pointing out that Makina's servant should probably be clinging to Makina probably won't get me out of this...*
Sachi: Having a maid around the house is extremely convenient, you know? In particular, I'm exceptionally handy at opening stubborn bags of potato chips. You'll save yourself a lot of stress. Every family needs one!
Yuuji: ...If you say so.
Narration: *Rather than keeping a maid around for that, I think it'd be wiser to buy a pair of scissors at the 100-yen shop, but I can already see the conversation devolving into a debate on the merits of conspicuous consumption.*
Yumiko: ...Hmph. How ridiculous.
Amane: Huhhh? Aren't you gonna play house with us, Sakaki-saaan?
Narration: *Ignoring Amane's teasing voice, Sakaki stalks imperiously back to her seat, where she begins retrieving and arranging her textbooks.*
Narration: *Of course, Sakaki never was the type to roll along with this sort of light-hearted farce, and she's far too proud to initiate an attempt at compromise.*
Sachi: And what about you, Michiru-sama?
Narration: *Caught off-guard by the sudden question, Michiru emits an undignified little grunt.*
Michiru: W-What do you expect me to do...? More importantly, when is Casanova here going to stop drooling over his little harem!?
Yuuji: Do I really look like I'm enjoying this to you?
Narration: *I didn't ask these three to amuse themselves by making a toy out of me.*
Narration: *Quite the opposite, actually. My imprisonment in this mass of flesh is quickly getting into "sweltering" territory. But just as I'm about to point out that the break's going to end soon, Sachi's grip on my arm grows even stronger. *
Sachi: ...You still don't understand, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: W-What're you talking about...?
Sachi: The time has come... The moment to unleash your "dere!"
Michiru: ...Gah!!
Narration: *At Sachi's forceful declaration, Michiru's body quivers as though struck by lighting. Grasping her own upper arms to keep herself from shaking, she averts her eyes in shock.*
Michiru: B-But...
Sachi: Why are you hesitating? Come, let us walk the road of "dere" together!
Narration: *Her face utterly earnest, Sachi nods gravely to herself, then glances around the area thoughtfully.*
Sachi: We don't have a "dog," do we...?
Michiru: A... d-dog...?
Sachi: Indeed. A happy family can't do without a pet dog.
Sachi: Keeping an animal is the unmistakable symbol of a comfortably situated household. Through raising their pet, the children learn empathy and compassion for the weak―
Sachi: And as those children reach adolescence, their beloved companion provides one final somber lesson: all that lives must, in its time, die.
Sachi: ...Fortuitously enough, Maki-chan once stated her desire for a white dog. I believe your services are now called for in precisely that role...
Michiru: ...So you're telling me... I should pretend to be a dog...? You're asking me to... become the family pet... and cuddle up to Yuuji...?
Narration: *As Michiru tentatively summarizes the nature of her situation, Sachi nods a silent affirmation.*
Sachi: I'm exceptionally gratified to see that you've grasped the matter so quickly, Michiru-sama. Come now, bark for me!
Sachi: A "woof" will do nicely. Then you may proceed to yip and yap adorably, all the while clinging tightly to Kazami-san's legs.
Michiru: G-Guh...
Sachi: Not "guh," "woof." There's no time to spare for such bashful hesitation!
Sachi: The time has come to put your mettle to the test. Show us the determination of one who has voluntarily cast aside the very concept of retreat... the indomitable will of the tsundere! Come!  
Michiru: ...Uu... uuuuu...
Narration: *Beads of greasy sweat rolling down her forehead, Michiru emits a pitifully hoarse groan.*
Amane: ...You sure are driving her into a corner, Sacchan... Just look at that face...
Amane: You can practically see all these contradictory principles swirling around inside her head... Poor girl looks about ready to vomit...
Michiru: ...W... Wo... Wo...!
Yuuji: ...Well, there's the bell. All right, you lot, we've got class.
Amane: What did we have next, again?
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait a...
Sachi: Next up is everyone's favorite, classical literature. Let's all do our best not to doze off.
Sachi: ...Oh, goodness. Maki-chan fell asleep... I did think she was awfully quiet down there. Shall I wake her? 
Yuuji: Yeah, if you would.
Sachi: Of course, please leave it to me. It may come as something of a surprise, but I'm well-known for my natural ability to rouse children from even the deepest slumber.
Yuuji: ...Not sure if that's the best talent for a maid to have.
Sachi: Maki-chaaan, wake up. Class is starting.
Makina: ...Nnyu... food time?
Sachi: We just had breakfast a little while ago, remember?
Narration: *It's like watching an old man in the grips of dementia being gently chided by his long-suffering daughter-in-law.*
Narration: *With some effort, Sachi succeeds in peeling Makina off me. Sliding both arms under the limp little creature's armpits, she begins to drag her off like a medic pulling a wounded grunt to cover.*
Michiru: Wait! Wait a second, Sachi!
Sachi: Yes? What can I do for you?
Michiru: Don't give me that! Come ON! What are you going to do about this!? 
Sachi: I'm sorry, what exactly are you referring to? And more importantly, what do you want me to do about it?
Michiru: ...G-Guh...!
Sachi: "Guh" isn't clear enough. Please concretely specify what sort of compensation you desire in regards to what. Well!?
Michiru: ...Uu... uuuu...
Sachi: It seems you are unable to coherently express the nature of your irritation. I quite understand. Such is the very essence of today's wayward youth.
Sachi: But there's no need to fret. At times like these, one need only torment the weak.
Sachi: If you find yourself at a loss for a suitable receptacle in which to lodge your clenched fists, I'll gladly volunteer my cheeks. Will that suffice to dispel your existential rage for another day? Then by all means, strike me!
Michiru: ...Uuu... Waaaaaaahhhhh!!
Sachi: Ah! Michiru-sama!? Where are you going!? Class will be starting any moment...!
Yuuji: Uh... why don't you let her be for the moment? I'm not sure I entirely understand, but the girl seems to have been hurt somehow.
Sachi: Haaah... It is a difficult age, isn't it...
Narration: *Shaking her head in sorrowful disappointment, Sachi proceeds to drag Makina off.*
Narration: *Things took a rapid turn for the manic, so I'm not entirely confident we've reached a common understanding... but for the time being, I've relayed the news of my new position as Makina's father to our classmates.*
Narration: *That said, it's too early to rest. There's someone else I need to file a report with. Honestly speaking, this one probably should have come first...*
Date: *July 14, 2011, 12:30 - School Dormitory - Rooftop*
JB: ...Sorry? I don't understand what you're telling me in the slightest...
Yuuji: Why does everyone react the exact same way to this news?
JB: Maybe it's because your "news" is completely and utterly absurd? Ever think of that?
Narration: *As soon as lunchtime rolled around, I headed up to the rooftop, cell phone in hand.*
Narration: *I'm currently enjoying a pleasant conversation with "Shaggy-headed Julia." That is, Harudera Yuria. Also known as JB.*
Narration: *In the old days, senior officers in the Navy were apparently required to receive permission from the Bureau of Personnel before entering into marriage. Given their access to various secrets, even their partners were subject to scrutiny.*
Narration: *As a dog picked up by "Akasaka" and kept in the custody of "Ichigaya," my situation's very similar. Making intimate "friends" requires approval from above.*
Narration: *Might sound a bit ridiculous, but... given that incident three years ago where an agent's foreign wife supposedly helped leak info from inside Ichigaya, it's hard to laugh off as mere paranoia.*
Narration: *Had that blunder occurred in America, death sentences for treason wouldn't have been out of the question. Even in Japan, the so-called "spy heaven," they've gotten much more cautious about potential honey traps since then.*
JB: So, what are you saying? You want to adopt Irisu Makina as your foster daughter?
Yuuji: Not exactly. I just promised her I'd become her father, that's all.
JB: What the heck? So it's just a verbal agreement, then?
Yuuji: Well, yes... but I figured I should report it now to avoid potential headaches later.
JB: It's not like you're marrying the girl. I'm not going to waste my time complaining about every silly little idea you get in your head...
JB: ...Or so I'd like to say. But since we're talking about Irisu Makina here, I suppose it's not quite that easy.
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
JB: Wasn't exactly a riddle. We're talking about the Irisu here. A long-standing political clan, deeply influential in domestic and international affairs. To say nothing of their financial clout. And she's the eldest daughter of the head family.
JB: Normally, there'd be serious misgivings over allowing you two to even attend the same school―
JB: But you're currently on the reserve, and for all intents and purposes Irisu Makina has been disowned by the head family. Also, it's not like they're completely unconnected to our organization, so...
Yuuji: ...Really? What kind of relationship do we have?
JB: Uhmmm... what was it again? Hold on a second...
Narration: *I can hear the muffled sound of JB tapping away at her keyboard on the other end of the call.*
JB: Uhh... Irisu Makina's father, Irisu Masataka, seems to have been an accountant in the Ministry of Defense's administrative department... although he died in an accident of some sort a few years ago.
Yuuji: ...An accidental death...?
JB: On paper, at least. Seems more like he was murdered after getting mixed up in something, but... Uh, whoah... what's this now?
Yuuji: ...What's wrong?
JB: Oooh... this looks a little more... messy than I thought. Aah, so that's the sort of "accidental death" we're talking about here...
Yuuji: What are you talking about? Mind giving a coherent explanation?
JB: Know how you'd pass away in an "accident" if you ever turned against your country? This is a similar case. In other words, it was decided that Mr. Irisu Masataka's continued existence posed a disadvantage to the national interest.
Yuuji: ...Were we the ones who "disposed" of him...?
JB: Aah... no, doesn't look that way.
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *If Makina's father had been dealt with by my "colleagues," I'm not sure how I would've been able to face the girl...*
Yuuji: Hey, JB. Mind putting all the material you've got on this together and sending it over to me?
JB: Not happening. This is still restricted information... Even verbally communicating it like this is technically a breach of duty.
Yuuji: I understand that I'm asking the unreasonable, but is there any way you can bend the rules on this one?
JB: ...Come on... What are you going to do with this, anyway...?
Yuuji: I'll decide once I have it. Can you help me out, JB?
JB: ............
Yuuji: ...Please, Julia.
JB: Geez... fine. I'll give you want you want, but... there's a limit to what I can provide, so kindly moderate your expectations.
Yuuji: Understood. I'm in your debt.
Yuuji: ...Phew...
Narration: *I'd more or less figured out that Makina came from a wealthy family, and I was aware that her father passed away some time ago...*
Narration: *But I certainly didn't expect her to be part of a clan so deeply involved with national affairs. Much less one connected to "us," however indirectly. *
Narration: *On top of it all, Makina's the eldest daughter of the head family, but somehow ended up being cast out...? The information's far too fragmentary for me to even speculate, but there must be some complex circumstances involved.*
Makina: Aah! There ya are, Papa!
Makina: Geeeeez, I was lookin' all over for ya. What were you doin' up here? I was waitin' so we could eat our lunches together! 
Yuuji: Ah, sorry...
Narration: *Even as I'm sliding the cell phone back into my shirt pocket, I drop my other hand onto my indignant young friend's head. *
Yuuji: I was just doing a little thinking.
Makina: Somethin' on yer mind...?
Yuuji: No. Nothing serious.
Makina: ...Are ya worryin' about this stuff with me...?
Yuuji: Haha, I said it's nothing... You're sensitive about the weirdest things sometimes, Makina.
Narration: *I proceed to muss the girl's hair around vigorously.*
Makina: Au...
Yuuji: Not that it's anything as dramatic as you seem to think, but I'll admit to worrying about our new arrangement... 
Yuuji: I told you I'd become your father, but I don't have the first clue what that specifically involves. Pretty pathetic, right? I've been thinking about it constantly. 
Makina: Don't worry. It's not like I want ya to go out of yer way to do anythin' special.
Makina: But can ya promise me just one thing?
Yuuji: What's that?
Makina: Don't die.
Yuuji: No can do. Everyone who lives eventually dies.
Makina: Well, yeah, I gueeeess, but... Okay then, how about ya kill me first?
Yuuji: ...Sorry, I don't follow the logic here.
Makina: Well, I don't wanna see you die. No matter what!
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *...She doesn't want to see her father die. I guess that's only normal...*
Narration: *All the more understandable in Makina's case, given the loss of her actual father at a young age.*
Narration: *It's natural for a child to be dependent on her parents. And this death was abrupt, apparently violent... Although the circumstances were different, I lost my entire family early on, so I can imagine what it must've been like.*
Narration: *The impact of losing your immediate family takes time to sink in. Immediately after the loss, you don't feel sorrow so much as numbness.*
Narration: *As the days roll past, you'll slowly come to realize that you're alone. That you'll never see them again―*
Narration: *When you're finally able to process the fact that you're on your own from now on, emotions hit you like a truck. Anxiety so strong it's more like terror, despair cold enough to leave you shivering, sorrow that turns your legs to jelly.*
Makina: Don't get any funny ideas about dyin' for me or whatnot, ya got that? That's th' last thing I need.
Yuuji: Duly noted...
Makina: More importantly, I'm friggin' hungry! Let's chow down. I brought a box lunch, see? Check it!
Yuuji: Hoh...
Narration: *Indeed, there's a stylish little lunch basket dangling from Makina's stubby fist.*
Yuuji: What, did you make this...?
Makina: Ah... uhhhhm... well...
Yuuji: So it's Amane's work, then?
Makina: Uhm, well, I'm th' one who made the sandwiches, ya know? But th' fries an' coleslaw an' stuff was Ama-nee, yeah. 
Narration: *Makina flips open the lid of her basket to demonstrate.*
Narration: *One half is packed with sandwiches of some kind―*
Narration: *Next to them are a variety of side dishes: fish fritters and french fries, carrots and cabbage, finely sliced ham, and spirochete-shaped macaroni garnished with coleslaw. *
Yuuji: What can I say...? No matter what Amane makes, she does a thorough job...
Makina: Well, fer what it's worth, I'm learnin' a little cookin' from Ama-nee myself.
Yuuji: Hrm... By the way, Makina. Tell me something...
Makina: Yessir?
Yuuji: What's this hemispherical yellow sandwich supposed to be?
Makina: That's a melon bun sandwich, ya know? I chopped a melon bun in half, then sandwiched lotsa fresh, fluffy whipped cream an' goopy melon jam inside!  
Makina: Almost feels like yer eatin' dessert for the main course! I guarantee a satisfied stomach!
Yuuji: ...I think this thing is pretty much the definition of a dessert, actually... Do we not have any, uh, conventional sandwiches?
Makina: We had normal ones for breakfast, remember? So fer lunch, I opted fer th' sweet approach!
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *So, what...? We're going to be eating this sugary abomination as the main course while munching on fish fritters and coleslaw...? What kind of taste combination is that going to be?*
Narration: *I mean, I'm usually pretty indifferent to such culinary concerns, but this is still making me a little dubious...*
Yuuji: ...Well, it's all the same once you've got it in your stomach.
Makina: Oh? Maybe ya would've preferred somethin' a little less sugary, Papa?
Yuuji: Well, it's not like I dislike sweet things on principle, but...
Makina: Mmkay then, tomorrow I'll stuff yakisoba inside melon buns an' bring forth th' "yakisoba-melon-bun!"
Yuuji: ...Don't go stuffing random things in there. I feel sorry for the melon buns...
Makina: ...Muh? Hold on a sec... What about sandwichin' melon buns inside melon buns fer a "double-melon-bun?" 
Yuuji: ...Hrm... that's quite the, uh... unconventional combination... 
Makina: U-Unbelievable... This idea's too friggin' awesome! Th' birth of an enfant terrible approaches... her very breath a wind of reform, blowin' through the stagnant world of melon-bun artistry! I-I'm... I'm terrified by my own talent!!
Yuuji: I see. Sounds as though a new day will soon be dawning on the melon bun industry...
Narration: *Laughing wryly despite myself, I give Makina's head another two firm pats for good measure.*
Narration: *"Have to say, this head is in a perfect position to thump." The thought naturally brings a smile to my face; that startles me a little. *
Narration: *I'm aware that I've been getting a little careless since I've come to this school. Sometimes I let down my guard without even noticing it... But then again, I suppose that's probably a more "normal" mode of existence than the alternative.*
Makina: ...Uu? What's wrong?
Yuuji: Sorry, it's nothing. I'm hungry. Let's eat.
Makina: Yeah!
Narration: *And so, I ate lunch alone with Makina. It's only ten minutes later that I discover this decision was somewhat thoughtless...*
Narration: *When I return to the classroom, empty picnic basket dangling from one hand while holding Makina's hand with the other, our classmates draw simultaneous sharp little breaths of surprise.*
Yuuji: ...Hm? What's the matter?
Amane: Uh... just wondering why you're holding hands...
Yuuji: Does a father need a reason to lead his daughter along by the hand?
Amane: Well, no, but... I mean, what the heck? You fought tooth and nail when I wanted to hold hands...
Yuuji: Did I? If you say so.
Amane: Okay... is it just me, or is cluelessness this advanced indistinguishable from malice?
Narration: *Amane shoots a look around the room out of the corner of her eyes, but none of the others even glance over here, let alone voice their agreement.*
Narration: *Sakaki's playing with tufts of her long hair, focusing intently on every strand as if concerned about split ends.*
Narration: *Elbows braced on her desk, Michiru rests her chin in her hands and stares out the window, blowing air tunelessly through her lips in what I can only assume is an attempt at whistling.*
Narration: *Sachi, doing her best impression of a robot waiting for someone to input new orders, stays absolutely still, her eyes steadily fixed on an arbitrary point of empty space.*
Narration: *I've seen this kind of thing before.*
Narration: *Even at my previous school, there was a day when just this sort of hazy, difficult-to-describe atmosphere settled on the classroom.*
Narration: *Right... This same-sex couple in the class had become public knowledge. The two of them got sick of hiding and came out to everyone at once in this big dramatic announcement... The classroom that afternoon was very much like this.*
Narration: *But why now? I simply informed them of my new position as Makina's father, that's all. And the two of us are of the opposite gender, so our walking hand-in-hand shouldn't offend even the most delicate sexual sensibilities.*
Narration: *Or maybe the sight of a man like me pulling a girl like Makina along by the hand is just too incongruous in itself...?*
Narration: *Well... yeah, I'm aware that I'm not exactly well-suited for that role... but it's just Makina, right?*
Yuuji: What's all this, then? If you people have something to say, why don't you just spit it out?
Amane: Who says we do? It's all good, right? Nobody seems to have any complaints.
Narration: *Amane seems to be directing this question to the rest of the classroom as much as me. When no rebuttal arrives, she turns her back on me with a disdainful little snort, then saunters back to her desk.  *
Yuuji: ...I don't get it...
Makina: Hey, Papa! Can I take th' seat next to you today!?
Yuuji: I don't really mind, I guess...
Makina: Mmkay then! I'm gonna go get my textbooks!
Narration: *We've got all of six students in a classroom that could accommodate forty. There's more than enough spare seats, and in practice everyone just goes where they feel like, so this change doesn't pose any logistical issues.*
Narration: *However―*
Yuuji: ...Why are you moving as well?
Amane: Hm? Why d'you ask? Is there a problem with that?
Yuuji: Not really, but...
Amane: C'mon. I'm always helping Makina study, you know?
Yuuji: I see... All right, I guess I'll have to accept that in your case.
Yuuji: However...
Yuuji: You over there. Why're you sidling up on us as well?
Sachi: ...I'm sorry? Are you referring to me?
Yuuji: Who else would I be talking to? Don't give me that "Is this man insane?" face...
Sachi: Well, I thought it would be obvious...
Sachi: As Maki-chan crunches her pencil lead so frequently one might think "Is this brat doing it on purpose?" at times, I'm in charge of provisioning her with fresh graphite. What of it?
Yuuji: What about that is obvious...? I mean... well, I guess it's not really a problem, but... Okay, no, hold on a second!
Yuuji: Hey, you! Bottle-blond! What's your deal? What are you supposed to be in charge of?
Michiru: I-I'm not really... uhm... I mean, when Amane sits in front of me I can barely see the blackboard, all right!? I just moved because Amane's so friggin' huge, that's all!   
Amane: Excuuuse me... Could you try not to call me "huge" to my face? Maybe you're just puny. Ever think of that?
Michiru: Shaddup already. Hurry up and sit down, okay? I can't see the board.
Makina: Oh? What's with you people? Why's everybody clumpin' up?
Amane: Well, because we all want to sit next to you, Makina.
Makina: Hmmm... no kiddin'? I'm a cool kid now, huh? Mmkay then, why doesn't that girl who's endlessly obsessin' over her bogus search fer non-existent split ends join us too?
Amane: Aaah... well... she's a bit of a special case...
Makina: Hey, hey! You over there! Why don't ya join us? Let's all study together!
Yumiko: ...............
Makina: Hey, I'm talkin' to you! The girl who suddenly stopped lookin' for split ends after bein' totally seen through! Don't ignore me! I'm talkin' to you!
Yumiko: Do you have something to say to me!?
Makina: Owhoh, ya made me jump! Why do ya always have to be so angry, anyway?
Yumiko: Let me ask you a question in return! Why do you always have to MAKE me angry!?
Makina: ...Huh? What's wrong? Ya hungry?
Yumiko: People can get irritated for reasons other than an empty stomach!!
Makina: Geez, yer not makin' any sense whatsoever. What'm I supposed ta do with this girl...?
Yumiko: That's my line!!
Principal: Okay everybody, time for biology. Please take your seats!
Principal: ...Uh, what's this? Why's everybody all clustered up like that?
Yuuji: Don't ask me. I've got no damn clue.
Principal: Ahaaah... looks as though the core's Irisu-san, perhaps?
Makina: ...Core?
Principal: Good timing. I'll begin the lesson here.
Principal: Today, we're going to be learning about the formation and growth of mold colonies through a practical experiment. You're all going to need a culture medium, so please come up to the desk and take one.
Narration: *Comparing a classroom of dues-paying students to a writhing dish of smelly fungi...*
Narration: *That's right up there with the officer who attempted to inspire his kamikaze squad by informing them that "Each and every one of you maggots looks like a sinking enemy ship to me" on the sensitivity scale.*
Narration: *In our enlightened modern age, where the use of abusive language toward pupils is seen as problematic, it might not have been the wisest rhetorical device... but the principal's analogy proved quite clear and interesting.*
Narration: *As it turned out, our Makina-centered colony maintained its strange internal tension throughout the rest of the school day. The moment the last bell finally rings, everyone heaves a long, weary sigh.*
Yuuji: Finally over, huh...? Today was really tiring for some reason...
Makina: Nothin' beats somethin' sweet when yer worn out, ya know? C'mon, Papa, let's go get a snack before we head back to th' dorm.
Yuuji: ...Hrm... well, let's see...
Narration: *I wouldn't particularly mind taking the girl out for a snack, but I'm not sure about letting her snarf pastries before dinner. I unconsciously look to "Mommy" for guidance―*
Yuuji: ...? Where'd Amane go?
Makina: Hmmm? Said she had some pressin' business to attend to. Dashed right out after th' bell.
Yuuji: ...Pressing business? Did you ask her what that involved?
Makina: Nah, didn't bother.
Yuuji: ...Come to think of it, I don't see any of the others either... Where'd they all go?
Makina: Dunno. Guess it kinda looked like they were followin' Ama-nee? Ran off right after her.
Yuuji: Strange... I think I detect a faint whiff of something like conspiracy in the air... Just my imagination?
Makina: C'mon, ain't it obvious what this is about? They're bein' considerate. Don't wanna get in the way of our date, ya know?
Yuuji: "Date?"
Makina: Not familiar with th' term? When a boy an' girl go out an' eat tasty stuff together, we call it a "date."
Yuuji: ...You're subtly mistaken, but the general thrust of the argument isn't wrong... and correcting you would be a pain in the ass. Guess I'll let it slide...
Makina: All righty then, let's date it up. What d'you wanna eat, Papa?
Yuuji: Well, I had more than enough sugar at lunch. I'm in the mood for something better tuned to the subtle needs of the masculine snacker... something that leaves a hint of sweetness, but doesn't overpower you with syrupy goop.
Makina: What th' heck's that supposed to mean? Helluva self-centered demand...
Yuuji: Let's see... Japanese pastry of some sort, I guess? Something with red bean paste would be good.
Narration: *To be honest, I still tend to think of "bean paste" as slang for the explosive powder packed inside grenades and landmines and such, but while playing a normal student I'm far removed from all that...*
Narration: *I may start gaining weight if this keeps up, but I suppose that shouldn't present a major impediment either.*
Yuuji: If I remember correctly, there was a taiyaki place in that food court by the station supermarket...
Makina: Ah! Sounds good! I love me them fish-shaped cakes! Let's go eat some!
Yuuji: ...Don't stuff your face too much, all right? Amane won't be pleased if you can't manage to eat dinner.
Makina: Yeah, yeah! Anyway, I'm thinkin' a ham-and-cheese model would hit th' spot!
Yuuji: ...Ham and cheese? What? Where?
Makina: In th' taiyaki! These days, even taiyaki changes dramatically with the passin' of the eras, ya know?
Yuuji: I see... But ham and cheese aren't exactly sweet, are they...?
Makina: Don't sweat th' small stuff! Let's just get goin', all right? Yeah?
Yuuji: Sure, I guess...
Narration: *I leave the classroom, tugged along by Makina.*
Narration: *Watching this excited shrimp of a girl urging me to hurry, it almost feels like I'm walking one of those hot-blooded little mutts that practically drag their owners toward the dog run out of sheer enthusiasm.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, my old pet dog had some of this restless energy as well. The corners of my mouth twitch up a little at the thought.*
Narration: *But still―*
Yuuji: Where'd Amane run off to, anyway...?

Narration: *Meanwhile, in the Mihama Academy second conference room―*
A-Ne: Good afternoon, everyone. I think you all know why we've gathered here today, but allow me to state for the record―
A-Ne: Today's topic will be "This Thing with Kazami Yuuji and Irisu Makina: Seriously, What the Hell?" I will be your moderator, S-Uo A-ne. My best regards.
A-Ne: Uhm, well then, I'll begin with a specific explanation of the situation. It all began with Kazami Yuuji's abrupt transfer into our onetime garden of women, Mihama Academy...  
A-Ne: His sudden appearance in our lives initially left us confused and even dismayed. But as the days rolled past, we began to develop more positive feelings, and a not-insignificant interest in him as a member of the opposite sex―
A-Ne: Soon enough, we were unconsciously following him with our eyes... Indeed, something resembling a faint love blossomed in our...
C-Zuru: Uhm... might I interject for a moment?
A-Ne: Yes? What seems to be the matter, Comrade C-Zuru?
C-Zuru: ...Well, er... why exactly was I called to this little meeting...?
M-Chiru: Whaddaya mean, why? You're the principal of this school, aren't you?
A-Ne: Tsk tsk tsk tsk! That's a no-no, Comrade M-Chiru. This conference is to be a frank exchange of opinions under the shield of ostensible anonymity. Please refrain from remarks that could be taken as identifying a fellow participant!
M-Chiru: What's the point of pretending? It's completely obvious!
A-Ne: We Japanese can't do without our polite fictions.
A-Ne: Also, visuals matter. Precisely because we're concealing our faces in this way, thoughts we might otherwise never express will slip easily out of our mouths, enabling a vigorous exchange of ideas.
C-Zuru: Well... groups of girls always have their stresses, so I'll admit that discussions of this sort may be necessary, but...
A-Ne: ...You just casually included yourself in the "girl" category, didn't you...? Well, I'll overlook that for now. More importantly, Comrade C-Zuru... I'm afraid we've already got more than enough dirt on you.
C-Zuru: ...D-Dirt? What are you talking about?
A-Ne: Are you really prepared to discuss this here and now?
C-Zuru: ...Guh...
A-Ne: ...Very courageous of you.
A-Ne: ...Comrade K-Mine! Please read the report in question for us!
K-Mine: Certainly.
K-Mine: ...Report number 512. T-Bana C-Zuru: Personnel record and results of background check. Investigator: K-Mine S-Chi.
K-Mine: The following is a summary of my observations gathered over the last few days, primarily through tailing subject T-Bana C-Zuru under cover of cleaning the school grounds...
C-Zuru: ...Wha!?
K-Mine: ...Day X of Month Y, oh-nine-thirty hours. While commuting to work in her private automobile, subject encountered Kazami Yuuji in the midst of his morning run.
K-Mine: Subject proceeded to overtake him via car, linger in the staff parking lot until he returned, and make contact...
C-Zuru: W-What's so strange about that? I happened to see him on the way over, so I waited to say hello. Big deal!
K-Mine: According to my observations... while waiting for Kazami Yuuji's arrival, the subject used the vanity mirror on the back of her sun visor to arrange her bangs and patch up her makeup.
K-Mine: For a mere morning greeting to a pupil, it seems rather less than strictly necessary to reapply one's cosmetics―
K-Mine: Let alone spritzing expensive perfume onto both wrists and behind the ears, as if to get into character as "the adult woman." But perhaps I'm missing something. Could you explain the rationale for these actions?
C-Zuru: Y-You saw that too!?
A-Ne: It would be wise not to underestimate our intelligence capabilities. Comrade K-Mine carries out her duties very thoroughly. When given a target, she'll investigate them down to the very brand of toilet paper they favor.
C-Zuru: T-The perfume was just, uhm... It's a standard part of etiquette before meeting someone! I had no ulterior motives!
A-Ne: No ulterior motives... is it? Well then, can you explain the incident after school that same day?
C-Zuru: ...After... school...?
A-Ne: According to this report, you pretended to be napping in your office, then waited in the hope a certain visitor would take advantage of the situation...
C-Zuru: T-That's not...! Sometimes my constant hard work wears me down, all right? I just dozed off for a moment!
A-Ne: I'm not so sure about that. Until the very moment he put his hand on your door, our observations indicate you were reviewing paperwork in perfectly ordinary fashion.
C-Zuru: ...G-Guh!
A-Ne: Even when he called out your name, you kept on feigning sleep, expecting him to take you in his arms and carry you to the sofa.
A-Ne: And once this in fact came to pass, you "turned in your sleep" and exposed your defenseless lips before his very eyes. Waiting for a kiss, were you not?
C-Zuru: A-Absolutely n...!! I-I'm an educator, you know!?
Y-Miko: Please just give up, ma'am. The moment you set foot in this place, it was already too late...
C-Zuru: ...Sakaki-san... don't tell me... you...
Y-Miko: I'm S-Kaki Y-Miko, not Sakaki... As long as we maintain that pretense, this conversation need not affect our daily lives in any way...
C-Zuru: I don't believe it... Even you...? Why...?
M-Chiru: Shouldn't have let Sachi get a look at your hard drive, huh?
K-Mine: ...M-Chiru-sama? It's "K-Mine S-Chi," not Sachi. How many times must I explain this before you understand...? 
M-Chiru: J-Just a slip of the tongue! Total accident! I-I won't get it wrong again, okay? So, uh... please don't read any more poems from my diary! Please!
K-Mine: ...Ah, poetry, is it...? Perhaps you're referring to... "In the summer night... you gently wrap your arms around my shoulders..."
M-Chiru: Aaaaaaaaaaaah!!! Aaaaaaaaaaaah!!! Waaaaaaaaaaah!!! Waaaaaaaaaaah!!!
K-Mine: ...You're exceptionally noisy, M-Chiru-sama. What is there to be so ashamed of?
K-Mine: Envisioning the passage of seasons in poetic style is a truly beautiful endeavour... I'm quite fond of this verse in particular... "The heart of winter; I slip my hand inside his pocket..."
M-Chiru: Hw-waaaaaaaaaah!!! Ohoooooooooh!!!! Uhoooooooooh!!!!
K-Mine: ...Goodness, what's the matter? You're howling like a beast all of a sudden... Has your brain finally...? 
M-Chiru: Don't say "finally," you jerrrrrk!! Don't look at me with eyes full of pityyyyyy!!!!
A-Ne: ...Comrade K-Mine... why don't you let the poor girl off the hook...? She's, uh... pretty much sobbing at this point, so...
K-Mine: Well, if you think that would be best, A-Ne-san...
M-Chiru: Y-You're one to talk, anyway! One little leaf falls on your head while you're cleaning, and you go out of your way to have Yuuji take it off for you!?
M-Chiru: And when his hand touches your ear, you go bright red and make this freaky little "...Nnf...!" sound! You were QUIVERING! I saw the whole thing, missy!  
K-Mine: T-That's not...!
M-Chiru: When he brushed his fingers against your ear, you totally imagined him making love to you for a second and soiled your panties a little!
M-Chiru: And after he left, you put a hand on your chest and started sighing sweetly! You were totally playing with your stiff little nipples! Got a lotta nerve making fun of me, you slutty maid!  
K-Mine: ...I-It was nothing more than a momentary loss of control! I just happened to get into a slightly funny mood, that's all...! It's not as though I'm... constantly thinking about him in that way...!
A-Ne: ...Now, now. Let's all calm down a little, Comrade K-Mine...
K-Mine: But...! I'm not a slutty maid!
A-Ne: There's no point in trying to hide it now, you know...?
A-Ne: I mean, it's true... Sometimes, after Yuuji touches you... well... you happen to get into a "funny mood" like that... lean against a tree in the garden clutching your broom and hyperventilating...
K-Mine: ...Uu... uuu...
A-Ne: There's nothing to be ashamed of... We're all "comrades" here, remember?
A-Ne: Allow me to ask something of every participant in this conference. All those who have made use of Kazami Yuuji as masturbatory fodder, please honestly raise your hands.
M-Chiru: ...T-That's a little... Well, how about you!? Are you saying you've...!?
A-Ne: Oh, but of course. I'm particularly fond of the fantasy where I struggle feebly as he stuffs it into my mouth... yanking my hair and roughly thrusting his waist...
M-Chiru: Nasty! What kind of a fantasy is that!? Isn't it a little TOO nasty!?
A-Ne: I'm a natural-born masochist, you see.
K-Mine: I-I prefer the gentler approach... Uhm, how can I put this...? Treating a mere maid like me as sweetly as a princess...
A-Ne: Yep, yep. That definitely works for you, Comrade K-Mine. How about you, M-Chiru? Bet I can guess. When you're with him, you can naturally express your real feelings... cuddling and fawning all over him, sugary-sweet style?
M-Chiru: Wha...!! Wait a...! Why do you know that!? Did you look inside my head!? Are you psychic!?
A-Ne: Aaah... Well, no. Somehow you just seemed like the type... Totally sucks at flirting around with guys, but secretly yearns for that sort of sappy lovebirds routine...
A-Ne: I sorta get the feeling you'd go for dressing up in matching clothes and all that.
M-Chiru: Nwhaaaa!! Okay, d-don't just start imagining me doing freaky stuff! W-What do you care, anyway!? I can fantasize whatever the heck I want, right!?
A-Ne: Well, sure, of course you can. Incidentally, Comrade S-Kaki, I'm thinking you're pretty similar to me. Right?
A-Ne: I've got you down as the sort who pictures yourself being violently toyed with... getting all hot and bothered as you imagine someone messing you up till you can't even think straight...
Y-Miko: ...I doubt you have any intention of listening even if I attempt to deny it, do you? Yes, sure, that's right. I'm an irredeemable masochist who gets wet when abused... Are you satisfied now?
A-Ne: Thought so. Kinda sucks that we're so similar, but I guess it's all good.
A-Ne: By the way, Comrade C-Zuru, you're more on the masochist side of the equation yourself, yeah? Am I right or am I right?
C-Zuru: ...Uhm... how do you expect me to respond to that question...?
A-Ne: Oh, her mouth may say the right things at first... "This is wrong, you know... We really shouldn't..." but in the end, she surrenders her body to her own pupil... That whole indulgent older woman thing, right?
C-Zuru: ............
A-Ne: Is something the matter? You seem to be sweating for some strange reason... Don't tell me you've actually pleasured yourself to such fantasies?
C-Zuru: ...Uu...
A-Ne: Ah, yes... Worn down by his persistence, your voice takes on a sweet, high-pitched tone―
A-Ne: "You're hopeless, aren't you...? All right then, come here... but just this once... This is it, okay?" The mere thought gets your motor running, doesn't it?
C-Zuru: ...U-Uhm...
A-Ne: And what's more, after all that talk about "just this once"... when you offer him your slightly worn body, he indulges with such enthusiasm, such overjoyed moans of pleasure―
A-Ne: ―That when he returns for more, you find yourself unable to firmly reject him. Ah, blissful surrender. Any of this sound familiar?
C-Zuru: ...Uu... uuuuuu...
Y-Miko: ...S-Uo-san... I think it might be best to let the matter drop...
A-Ne: Mmm... true. It'd be pretty irritating if she started bawling, after all.
C-Zuru: ...S-So cruel...
A-Ne: Huh? But come to think of it, there aren't really any super-sadists among us, are there? 
M-Chiru: What about that shady-looking "JB" woman? She seems like the type.
A-Ne: Mmm... I dunno about that. It's just intuition, but I'm thinking she might be a bit of a masochist as well...
Y-Miko: ...On what grounds?
A-Ne: Intuition, like I said. For some reason, I can almost buy her still being a virgin at that age if the cards fell wrong... Hmm, like...
A-Ne: Overestimating her value as a woman, she let the years slip right by waiting for her ideal man to descend from the sky... or something?
K-Mine: Aah... I think I may vaguely understand what you're getting at. And I suppose you are rather the expert when it comes to acting the slut with no actual sexual experience whatsoever.
M-Chiru: Hey, that's right! You sure talk big, A-Ne, but you're still a virgin yourself!
A-Ne: Hm? Ah, no biggie. I'm still young, after all.
C-Zuru: Excuse me, but that's a rather naive way of thinking! Allow your youth to lull you into a false sense of security and the big thirty will be closing in on you before you know it...!
A-Ne: ............
M-Chiru: ............
K-Mine: ............
Y-Miko: ............
C-Zuru: ...W-What is it? Why're you all staring at me like that?
A-Ne: ...Uhm... I'm well aware that this is an exceptionally impolite question, but... Comrade C-Zuru... don't tell me, uhm... your cherry's still...?
C-Zuru: D-Don't be ridiculous! Do I look like a child!?
C-Zuru: I-I got rid of that thing a long time ago...! Yes! Of course I'm experienced! I-I mean, back when I was a student, I... I went at it fast and furious! Barely had time to dry out!
C-Zuru: If anything, it got to the point where my classmates got kind of grossed out and started telling me to control myself a little...!
A-Ne: ...Uhm... maybe this is none of my business, but... I really think you should try to fix that habit of frantically babbling every time you try to tell a lie...
C-Zuru: Ah... uugh...!
M-Chiru: Huh? Wait, that was a lie?
K-Mine: ...To be honest, I find it easier to imagine Comrade C-Zuru sitting in the corner of the classroom during lunch with her head in a book, pretending not to notice everyone going off to play volleyball...
A-Ne: Aah, I can picture that pretty easily. Actually, I'm sort of getting deja vu...
Y-Miko: W-Why are you looking at me...?
A-Ne: ...Take a careful look, Comrade S-Kaki. It's you in ten years.
C-Zuru: Could you please refrain from using the term "it" while pointing at me!?
M-Chiru: Huhhh? So, what? Everyone here's a friggin' virgin!? Gwaaah, what the heck? So pathetiiiiic!
K-Mine: ...So this is the fate of those who neglect womanly efforts while still young... I believe I've been "scared straight"...
C-Zuru: ...T-This is too cruel... Inhuman...
A-Ne: Now, now. I'm sure a good man will show up sooner or later. Most likely. Probably. Maybe.
C-Zuru: I can do without encouragement that half-hearted!
K-Mine: Well... none of us are exactly in a position to criticize, having lost Kazami-san to Maki-chan...
M-Chiru: ...Wha!? T-That's right! We got so derailed with the masturbation and cherries and stuff that I completely forgot about that!!
Y-Miko: ...Wasn't discussing that supposed to be the entire point of this meeting...?
A-Ne: Yeah... Well, I guess nobody really wants to deal with it, so we might've been avoiding the topic...
M-Chiru: I mean, what the heck's even going on? The guy suddenly declares himself her "father?" Like, what?
A-Ne: Well, c'mon. You all know how Makina is by this point...
A-Ne: I can only really guess what it's like to be the first daughter of a family that runs some huge zaibatsu, but... Comrade S-Kaki, you can probably understand a little, right?

Date: *July 15, 2011, 06:45 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Narration: *―In all things, the "fundamentals" are what matter most, followed closely by "experience." Or so my master used to tell me.*
Narration: *When the shit really hits the fan, and you're lying face-down in the mud about ready to just give up... *
Narration: *Your fundamental physical strength and the mental toughness you've gained on the battlefield are what allow you to pull yourself up again and keep struggling forward.*
Narration: *Guess her way of thinking must've rubbed off on me at some point. Used to absolutely hate that brutal exercise routine she imposed on me, but now I feel downright uneasy if I miss even a day.*
Sachi: Kazami-saaaaan! Please waaaaait...!
Narration: *Hearing a vaguely dopey cry of distress from behind, I slow to a halt and look back down the road. Sachi's jogging sluggishly toward me with one arm around Makina's shoulder, practically dragging the girl along.*
Sachi: ...Haah... haah... finally... caught up...
Narration: *In between gasps of breath, the maid morosely mumbles "Although we're three laps behind..." Meanwhile, Makina collapses to her hands and knees, whimpering pitifully.*
Makina: ...Bweeeeh... I'm gonna be sick... Runnin' first thing in th' mornin'... is really friggin' rough... My sides are screamin'... Bweeeeeeeh...
Narration: *Clutching her twitching stomach and moaning like an out-of-tune trombone, Makina stares up at me with eyes full of bitter reproach―*
Narration: *But she's the one who declared a "War on Blubber" and demanded to tag along with my running from now on. Don't see how she has anyone but herself to blame. *
Sachi: Going straight to five kilometers was clearly a bit too much...
Yuuji: ...Was it?
Narration: *As someone who runs a full sixteen kilometers every single morning, five seemed like a pretty generous concession on my part.*
Narration: *Hell, the routine was even tougher back at my old school. We'd all get drummed out of bed at six in the morning and gather in front of the "dorm" for roll-call― *
Narration: *Followed by a sprint to the warehouse to receive a 3.5 kilogram weight, which we would proceed to lug around for the duration of a mandatory sixteen kilometer run.*
Narration: *And when, eager to ditch our aggravating burdens, we finally caught sight of the exercise ground designated as our goal, the relief would often only last for a moment―*
Narration: *When the squad leader was in a bad mood, he'd instantly bellow out "Riiiight face!" to send us running back to the dorm, still carrying the damn weights.  *
Narration: *More often than not, there'd be another "Riiight face!" waiting for us when we got there.*
Narration: *On top of all that, every time he randomly blew his shrill little whistle we were expected to break into an all-out sprint, so it was near-impossible to pace ourselves.*
Yuuji: ...On the other hand, I guess that's not really a reasonable standard of comparison...
Sachi: ...I'm sorry?
Yuuji: It's nothing... You're right. Let's focus on getting you two able to run a single decent lap around the school. It's only 3.2 kilometers or so.
Sachi: Indeed. That sounds like a more realistic goal.
Makina: Uuu... I'll work my butt off... fer my dream of a perfect Ama-nee style body...
Narration: *Well, I'd have a hard time calling Amane "perfect" in terms of body fat percentage, but whatever...*
Yuuji: For starters, how about wearing some vaguely appropriate clothing...? You could have at least thrown on sneakers and a sweatshirt or something.
Makina: But ya saaaaid we were gonna "take it easy," Papa...
Yuuji: Even so, casual clothes and boots aren't exercise gear. On top of which... you haven't shined those boots lately, have you?
Yuuji: I should be able to see my face in those things. If this was my old school, you'd be doing 200 push-ups right about now.
Sachi: Ah, well... that's because Amane-san thought they "look cooler when they're a little beaten up," and purposely didn't clean them.
Yuuji: Not that you're any better. Still in a maid uniform as always...
Sachi: Indeed. A specialized exercise maid uniform, to be specific.
Sachi: They're constructed entirely from Ultra Dry Max, the patented super quick-drying fabric. By encouraging rapid evaporation of sweat, rapid rises in body temperature are quickly alleviated.
Sachi: The design concept was "cooler than naked," apparently.
Yuuji: ...Tell me something, Sachi. Just how many different maid uniforms do you own?
Sachi: Uhhhm... let's see. There's my Inter-maid-iate for everyday use, the Active for exercise, the Tropical for summer outings, the Heavy Zone cold-weather model― 
Sachi: The Assault for counter-insurgency operations, the all-white Medic for nursing duties, and the Conservative for use in ceremonial occasions and funeral rites. In total, seven different varieties...  
Yuuji: ...Wait... what was that? Counter-insurgency...?
Sachi: Yes. It seems to have been sewn from strengthened aramid fiber, and although I haven't put the matter to the test―
Sachi: My model can apparently stop bullets up to nine millimeters without difficulty, and has also been strengthened significantly against bladed weapons, formerly considered something of a weak point of the design...
Yuuji: ...What kind of a battlemaid would need a uniform like that...? I mean, where did you even buy that thing...? 
Makina: I had it custom-made fer her, ya know!
Yuuji: Uh... why?
Sachi: Well, I had initially attempted to purchase a stock of uniforms via the internet, but there was such a wild range of variation in the prices... Some were as cheap as 10,000 yen, others nearly 200,000...
Makina: Right, right. When yer confused an' don't know what ta buy, just go for the most expensive one ya can find, right? That's how it is.
Makina: First, we tried hittin' up some supplier that Yumi-chan's family uses fer their stuff, but... er, what was it again?
Sachi: The housekeepers employed by Sakaki-san's family eschewed the classic maid design in favor of an outfit more resembling a cafe waitress' uniform―
Sachi: And unfortunately, the supplier informed us he had no prior experience making maid uniforms...
Makina: So outta the goodness of my heart, I got this man-you-facshur-er my family knows ta make her a full set!
Sachi: However... the manufacturer in question happened to specialize in flight jackets, precision wristwatches, and similar military-oriented apparel...
Yuuji: So all of a sudden you end up with a bunch of mil-spec maid uniforms, huh...?
Makina: Now ya got th' idea. But hey, that Assault sucker comes as a set with a gas mask that'll get ya through a bio-terror attack in one piece! Helluva bonus, right?
Yuuji: And when is she going to use that, exactly...?
Sachi: It's come in handy when duty calls me to clean toilets with air pollution exceeding contamination level eight. 
Yuuji: A gas mask, eh...? I remember getting drilled on putting those things on quickly back at my old school...
Narration: *Guess it was back in middle school when they started that...? I remember clumsily pulling an M-40 over my face, then being forced to run a marathon with it on... Pretty rough, even by their standards...*
Narration: *Even after returning to Japan, I trained numerous times with a Model 4 Protective Mask.*
Narration: *Usually, this involved rushing into a tent full of insecticide fumes. The instructor would bellow "Situation! Gas!" as we fumbled to get the masks out of our waist pouches and onto our faces in eight seconds or less.*
Narration: *Not the most exciting training, but simple skills like that can easily make the difference between life and death in the field.*
Narration: *After ejecting the gas inside the mask and confirming an airtight seal, we'd pair off with our buddy and make sure theirs was really on properly... At this point, it's kind of a fond memory...  *
Sachi: Uhm... I'm aware it's extremely rude of me, but... might I ask you a personal question...?
Yuuji: Hm? What do you want to know?
Sachi: It's about the school you were enrolled in previously, Kazami-san. What kind of a place was it, exactly...?
Makina: Ah! I've been wonderin' about that myself, ya know!
Yuuji: What kind of a place...? Kind of a tricky question, but let's see... 
Narration: *I put a hand on my chin and consider the matter, turning my eyes away from Sachi's curious gaze.*
Yuuji: ...I was what they call a "self-supporting student." I was already working at a middle-school age, but...
Yuuji: Since I was still in the compulsory education period, my employer was kind enough to send me to school at night.
Yuuji: That employer I mentioned was an international enterprise with its headquarters in the States, so naturally the school they paid for me to attend was American as well. I spent the first half of junior high in San Diego, California―
Yuuji: Then for the latter half, I was moved to Quantico, Virginia...
Yuuji: When they finally decided to ship me back to the Japanese branch, I ended up getting transferred to yet another school over here. Hell of a transition, actually... Nothing at all like how things were in America.
Yuuji: Less of a pain in the ass, in that people weren't inviting me to barbecues every weekend, but... you could really see the difference in how seriously the students approached it.
Sachi: How did they differ, specifically...?
Yuuji: Not easy to explain, but maybe this'll give you the general idea... In America, the whole point was training us "to be useful in the field," where Japan was all about training us "to pass the tests."
Yuuji: Basically, in Japan the inspections were the only thing anybody cared about.
Makina: In-speck-shuns...?
Yuuji: ...They're something like a test.
Yuuji: If it wasn't on the test, they really didn't give a damn. They'd give us a little "hands-on experience," but rarely bothered to explain what we were supposed to be learning. At worst, they taught us outright nonsense.
Yuuji: About the only things America and Japan had in common were the crew-cuts and the shitty food.
Sachi: ...That's, er... what can I say...? Thank you for your service.
Yuuji: Well, it's not like I was actually in the service or anything...
Makina: But it wasn't a normal school, right?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... I've been feeling a little unsure about our point of reference in that area for a while now... Mind if I ask you two something as well?
Sachi: ...By all means.
Yuuji: Is this Mihama Academy of ours a "normal school?"
Sachi: ...Uhmm...
Makina: ...Way ta ask a really awkward question, Papa...
Yuuji: Well, if the question seems "awkward," I guess the answer's clear enough.
Sachi: I'm not sure if this is the best way to put it, but... I think the fact that we can all attend Mihama Academy normally makes it a rather "abnormal" school...  
Makina: School can't eggs-actly be normal when all the kids in it ain't!
Yuuji: So you're actually aware you're not normal, huh...?
Makina: Well, duh. I mean, ya wouldn't have become my papa if I were, right?
Yuuji: ...............
Yuuji: ...Guess you might be right about that...
Narration: *It's largely because of Makina's overwhelming "This kid's hopeless" aura that I developed my initial interest in her.*
Narration: *The more we talked, the more I realized just how badly she needed someone to set her straight―*
Narration: *And in time, her sheer cheerful obliviousness inspired an uneasy variety of protective feelings: "What's this girl going to do without me around...?"*
Narration: *Didn't exactly have myself down as the nurturing type, but maybe the way I've had "defending the nation" beaten into my bones is part of the reason I felt the need to protect this carefree, airheaded creature.*
Yuuji: ...But that doesn't mean you can just sit back and rely on me. True safety is only possible through accurate situational awareness, moderate caution, and readiness to defend yourself when push comes to shove.
Yuuji: Sure, plenty of people sit back and take the protection of others for granted. Easy enough to become a spectator to your own life, throwing tomatoes and booing when things go wrong...
Yuuji: But we're going to take a different approach. While protecting you, I'll shape you into a woman with the skill and confidence to solve even the most difficult problems on your own.
Makina: Whaaaaat...?
Yuuji: No whining. If you want to call yourself my daughter, then you're going to become the best of the best! Bear in mind that your failure is my shame! Do I make myself clear!? If you understand, then respond!
Makina: Hooah!!!
Yuuji: All right, then! Let's start with thirty sit-ups!
Makina: Hooaaah!!!
Yuuji: Ranger Komine, you're Ranger Irisu's buddy! Assist her! 
Sachi: ...H-Hooah!!
Narration: *After spreading out a mat on the ground, Makina plunks herself down on her back and bends her knees. Sachi quickly kneels down to hold her ankles steady.*
Narration: *Her eyes burning with determination, the girl links her hands behind her head and attempts her first sit-up, but...*
Makina: Nyuuuuuun!! Nyuuuuuuuun!!
Narration: *Despite several seconds of intense effort, she only succeeds in wriggling around on the ground impotently.*
Narration: *Eventually, the girl releases her head and reaches both trembling arms straight out toward Sachi, but this too proves ineffective at getting her upper body off the ground.*
Sachi: Come on, Maki-chan! You haven't even managed one yet!
Makina: Nyuuuuuun!! Nyuuuuuuuun!!
Yuuji: What's all this, then? Were my instructions unclear? I didn't tell you to practice your telekinesis, did I!? Let's see a damn sit-up already! Show me what you've got!
Makina: Hooahhhh! Nuuuuwaaaaah! Kwaaah! Nmmgh! Bgluhh!!
Sachi: She hasn't moved a single millimeter, has she...? And I believe she just said "blguhh"...
Yuuji: Don't really care about that, but... Makina, you can't even manage a single sit-up...? Guess I shouldn't be surprised, but seriously...
Makina: Uu... this is just how modern kids are, ya know?
Yuuji: That really how it is...?
Sachi: ...For the record, sir, I can manage a sit-up or two.
Yuuji: In that case, let's have you show us how it's done. Makina, switch places with Sachi.
Makina: Yus...
Narration: *After a little more squirming around, Makina pushes herself up off the ground and switches places with Sachi.*
Sachi: ...How many do you want, sir?
Yuuji: How about thirty, for starters? Shout "Hooah!" from the pit of your stomach on the way up. Helps focus your body on working the abdominal muscles.
Sachi: Yes, sir. Here goes... Hooah! Hooah! Hooah!
Yuuji: ...Hoh...
Narration: *Sachi repeats her sit-ups with the remarkably regular rhythm of a wind-up toy.*
Narration: *It'd be insulting to even compare this effort to Makina's, but even by more general standards it's quite the respectable pace for a young woman. Keep this up for about 300 reps and she'd be right up there with your average WAC girl.*

Date: *July 23, 2011, 07:03 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *―On the way back from my morning run, I hear a cuckoo singing in our courtyard.*
Narration: *I've just hit my stopwatch when that simple but magnificent call seizes my attention―*
Narration: *Keeping very still, I scan the nearby trees in an attempt to find the bird, but he proves highly elusive.*
Narration: *I can hear his voice clearly enough, but can't even catch a glimpse of the animal itself. Quite an impressive little ambush.*
Narration: *This actually isn't the first time something like this has happened to me.*
Narration: *I think it was on the way back from a "class outing" at my previous school―*
Narration: *We'd been squeezed tightly onto hard benches in the canopied bed of a truck for hours, barely able to fidget without wedging an elbow in someone's gut. My ass was really starting to scream...*
Narration: *Finally, someone shouted out that we were taking a bathroom break at this big rest stop at the foot of the mountain, and the truck slowed to a halt.*
Narration: *Eagerly leaping out to escape the stink and heat, I stretched my legs for the first time in hours, then set out for a water fountain to refill the canteen hanging at my waist. Halfway there, I heard the cuckoo.*
Narration: *I carefully looked through the trees above for a nest, but couldn't find anything for the longest damn time. Just when I was about ready to give up, I made an anti-climactic discovery: a small speaker.*
Narration: *The thing was fixed with wire onto the branch of a nearby tree. The birdsong I'd been hearing was nothing but a recording. I remember dropping my shoulders in disappointment and smiling wryly.*
Narration: *But just as I'm starting to wonder if something similar might be going on here, I finally pick out a single songbird high up in the branches of a tree on the edge of the courtyard.*
Narration: *I actually sigh with relief. The real deal this time, huh? With the authenticity of the song resolved, I just stand there listening for a while.*
Narration: *This bird has one hell of a powerful voice. Feels like my soul's being washed clean.*
Narration: *The light sense of fatigue I'd built up on my mini-marathon seems to vanish just like that, chased off by the invigorating little song. *
Narration: *But despite this refreshing start to the morning, things quickly take a sour turn. I return to my room only to find Suou Amane holding her sides and guffawing loudly as Irisu Makina waves her stumpy little fists indignantly in the air.*
Amane: Ahahahahahahahah!!!
Makina: This ain't no laughin' matter, punk!!
Yuuji: What... you're still angry, Makina?
Makina: Okay, yeah! Sure! I'm th' one who asked ya to teach me how to ride a bike! I concede th' point!
Makina: But here's th' thing! What kinda jerk comes up behind a girl who's on a bike fer the first time in her life and gives her a giant shove outta nowhere!?
Yuuji: When you're teaching someone to ride a bike, I think helping out with a shove on the saddle is actually perfectly normal...
Makina: Yeah, sure! The method wasn't wrong! But y'see, I'm askin' whether you might've made a TEENSY mistake in how HARD ya pushed me! Okay? Why did ya have t'shove me so friggin' hard!?
Yuuji: Well... I figured a decent initial velocity would help prevent a gyroscopic effect and make it easier to keep your balance...
Makina: That doesn't mean ya gotta launch me inta next week!
Amane: And then what? She crashed right into a tree, I hear?
Yuuji: I told the girl to brake. Not my fault she didn't listen.
Makina: I braked! I braked like crazy! But I was on gravel, ya know!? Even when I was brakin' I just kept swoooshin' along! And then bam, crunch!
Makina: But that wasn't enough for him! The guy says we're practicin' again! Points me somewhere else an' gives me another friggin' shove!
Amane: ...Right into that sand pit in the courtyard! Front wheel sinks right in, launching her face-first into the ground!
Makina: And that's not all! Guy comes runnin' up to me sayin' "one more time, one more time!" Forces me kickin' and screamin' back onto the bike, and before I know it I'm swooshin' off yet again!!
Amane: What was it again? This time, she plunges down a flight of stairs, straddling the seat the whole way down?
Makina: We're not shootin' a damn Hong Kong action flick here! Are ya tryin' ta kill me or what!?!
Yuuji: ...Hrm... you know, you look just like Amane when you flip out like this.
Amane: Oh, you think? Here, I'll get angry. Try comparing.
Amane: ...I mean, look. Weren't you a little harsh on her? The girl's a total beginner. Maybe it was all fun and games for you, but what if Makina'd gotten hurt?
Yuuji: She had protectors on her knees and elbows and a helmet covering her head. Not a problem.
Amane: But, c'mon... you could have, I don't know, let her practice with training wheels or something...
Yuuji: What's the point of training if you're going to gift-wrap positive results and remove risk from the equation entirely?
Yuuji: Roll through life like that and you'll just freeze up in panic when you face a real crisis. Better to acquire the ability to see danger coming ahead of time through painful experience, don't you think?
Amane: ...Gah... Well, when you put it that way... I mean, improving through falling off is pretty much the way it goes with two-wheeled vehicles... I mean, I don't think you have to go that far just to teach her how to ride normally, but...
Yuuji: ...Amane, you have a second?
Amane: Hm? What's up?
Yuuji: Just come with me, all right?
Makina: Papa...?
Yuuji: You just wait there for a minute, Makina. We'll be back soon.
Makina: Okay...
Yuuji: ...Amane, my friend, there's something I need you to clarify for me.
Amane: Geez, what...?
Yuuji: The other day, you said you were going to become Makina's mother, right? Were you serious about that? 
Amane: ...Huh? Wait, uh... sorry, what do you mean?
Yuuji: I want to ask you to play that role...
Amane: Well, uh... I'm okay with that, but...
Yuuji: In that case... when you disagree with me, stick to your opinion. Don't let me talk you out of it. 
Amane: Sorry, I really don't follow. Can you explain?
Yuuji: I want to make Makina decide which of our opinions are correct for herself...
Amane: Aah, so that's what this is about...
Yuuji: When you raise a kid by spoon-feeding them the "right answer" to every problem, they end up narrow-minded and inflexible. When their parents disagree, children learn to think about who's correct on their own, right?
Amane: Now I get it... You really are thinking this over, huh? Ah, so then... were you being mean to Makina so you could...?
Yuuji: ...No, not really. It was just gut-bustingly hilarious watching her thrash around like that.
Amane: You're awful.
Yuuji: Well, if I'm that terrible a father, you'd better shoot down everything I have to say. Got it?
Amane: ...Yeah, I got it.
Yuuji: Sorry, Makina, but I have no intention of changing my instructional methods. Training to deal with all sorts of dangers is valuable experience that'll help you protect yourself going forward. 
Amane: Don't do it, Makina! What if you end up getting hurt!? You're a girl, okay? It's only a bike! You should just learn to ride it like anyone else!
Yuuji: Makina, don't take riding a bicycle lightly. They're not toys, you know? Even a little bike like that is a light vehicle in the eyes of the law.
Yuuji: Falling off and scraping your knees is one thing, but when you're sharing the road with others your clumsiness might end up getting someone else hurt. Above-average skill in controlling a vehicle is never a bad thing to have.
Amane: Ugh!! C-Crap... I actually completely agree with that...
Amane: B-But hey! It's not like you really have to force yourself to learn how to ride in the first place! 
Amane: You've gotten by just fine this far without a bicycle, right? Seems to me that means you'll be okay staying that way. I mean, if you want to go somewhere, I'll drive or bike you over any time, you know?
Yuuji: ...Amane, my friend, depriving the girl of the freedom that comes with riding a bicycle is downright tyrannical. And shortsighted... Makina's got a long life ahead of her, and nobody can say how it's going to play out.
Yuuji: For all we know, the girl might one day encounter a situation where her ability to ride a bicycle proves the difference between life and death.
Amane: ...What kind of situation is that supposed to be...? Look, I'm just worried that Makina's going to get injured for no reason, okay?
Yuuji: Sometimes an injury today saves your life ten years down the line. Tell me, Makina... which opinion sounds correct to you? 
Makina: ...Mmm... I kinda feel like Papa's right about this one, but... I'm not so crazy about inflictin' more pain on myself... Hmm... urrrrrm...
Amane: Okay then, want me to teach you instead? I mean, I've got a light motorcycle license, and I'm a pretty good teacher, you know?  
Makina: Oho? Now that ya mention it, that sounds like a pretty good idea!
Yuuji: Hmph. Not to boast, but I've got a license that's valid for anything on two wheels. Naturally, I picked up the MOS as well.
Makina: ...Moss...?
Yuuji: It's a qualification you need to use motorbikes at my job. They don't hand it out to just anybody, either. The skill standard is a lot higher. 
Amane: Okay, look, does that really matter for teaching someone to ride a bicycle? Kind of overkill, don't you think?
Yuuji: Didn't I just say not to take riding bicycles lightly? When you're operating a vehicle that poses potential risks not just to yourself, but also to others, you should damn well know what you're doing.
Makina: Don't fight, guys...
Yuuji: Okay, Makina, what's it gonna be? You can learn from me, or from Amane. It's your call.
Makina: Uhhhm... can't I learn from th' both of you?
Amane: Ah, that's a good thought! For starters, I can teach you the basics around the school, and then Yuuji can train you on the road. How's that sound?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... true enough, there's no need to restrict the girl to a single instructor. Helps provide a more balanced perspective, after all... Sounds good to me. But are you sure about this, Amane...?
Amane: Fine by me. I mean, summer vacation starts tomorrow, so I'm gonna have too much time on my hands anyway.
Yuuji: ...Hm? It's already that time of year, huh...?
Narration: *―Might come as a bit of a surprise, but my employer is an absolute stickler on the principle of academic achievement. Practically everyone looking to move up the ranks uses their off-time to cram for exams.*
Narration: *And in the case of employees who're assigned to special posts (such as myself), anyone who hopes to get promoted isn't just studying, but also working to gain recognition for their physical prowess―  *
Narration: *In addition to the daily exercise routine, your days off are typically spent on special training regimens. Every spare minute you have is devoted to forging your body and mind. The rest of your time goes to eating, sleeping, and very little else.*
Narration: *To me, "summer vacation" is nothing more than one very long independent study period.*
Principal: Well then, it's the moment you've all been waiting for. I have your report cards.
Narration: *In a somewhat theatrical gesture, the principal taps a stack of thick, neatly folded paper against her lectern to align their edges, then surveys the classroom with a big smile plastered on her face.*
Narration: *As she calls out our names one by one, everyone comes to the platform in turn and accepts their card respectfully, but there's quite a range of expressions on our faces as we do so.*
Narration: *Sakaki takes her card indifferently, apparently either unconcerned or just uninterested―*
Narration: *Amane receives hers with a vaguely apprehensive expression, her brow slightly furrowed―*
Narration: *Michiru, not even attempting to hide her revulsion, grimaces as though she's just had a slimy snake dropped in her hand―*
Narration: *Makina grins from ear to ear like an undernourished child taking chocolate from a GI in a Jeep―*
Narration: *Sachi bows deeply, strongly resembling a white-collar worker accepting a business card from the chief executive of a major client―*
Narration: *And finally, I take mine with the studied nonchalance of a grunt taking his new posting for the latter half of his term from the division commander...  *
Narration: *But when you get a report card handed to you, it's only human to be curious about the contents. And as we look over our evaluations, there's another wave of varied reactions around the classroom.*
Yumiko: ............
Narration: *Sakaki glances over her report card without so much as twitching an eyebrow. Looks as though the results are exactly what she anticipated.*
Amane: ...Aah...
Narration: *Apparently something in Amane's hit a little too close to home, judging from her wry smile and the way she's playing with her hair.*
Michiru: Blurgh...
Narration: *A hard, indigestible chunk of pitiless reality forced down her throat, Michiru does her best to fight back a rising tide of gastric juices.*
Makina: ...Uuu, <No Way>...
Narration: *Her euphoria of only a few moments ago completely gone, Makina scowls at her card and mumbles "Seriously, man?" in a deploring tone of voice.*
Sachi: ............
Narration: *Clearly finding the results she wanted inside, Sachi nods deeply in silence, then softly claps her hands together in a round of applause for herself.*
Narration: *As for my report card, on the five-letter scale from A to F, I'm almost entirely in the B range. The only exceptions are two As in Physical Fitness and Science and two Cs in Social Etiquette and Personal Conduct.*
Narration: *I'm initially a little non-plussed at that mediocre Personal Conduct grade, given that I don't smoke, gamble, or drink, but after reading the brief comment scribbled in red pen―*
Narration: *To wit, "The heroic act is nice, but if you're not careful your treatment of the opposite sex is going to cause you a lot of grief!" - I have to admit I more or less understand where they're coming from.*
Narration: *In fact, this isn't the first time I've been written up for "problematic habits" regarding women...*
Narration: *My employer routinely has superiors put together "Departmental Evaluations," commonly used as references for your next posting or attempts at career advancement.*
Narration: *They're pretty thorough documents, running through your academic progress and personal conduct, covering the results of all sorts of inspections and opinions on your overall suitability as an employee―*
Narration: *But when the superior writing the report happened to be a female - let alone JB - there would always be at least one angry scribble to the effect of "Serious issues with women!" Invariably punctuated with an exclamation mark.*
Narration: *I mean, it's not like I'm a playboy or misogynist; if anything, my co-workers ridiculed me as an introvert, and I always endeavour to be considerate toward women. But for some reason, my attitude seems to be frequently misinterpreted.*
Principal: All right, this concludes our lessons for the first semester.
Principal: I imagine some of you will be returning home over the summer, while others will remain. But regardless, I'd like to ask you to set concrete personal objectives and make good use of your time. Class representative, if you would?
Sachi: Stand!
Narration: *At Sachi's ceremonial command, everyone stands up at once; at the "Bow!" command, we all lower our heads and shout "Thank you very much."*
Narration: *The principal offers us a nod and a brief "Yes, I'll see you next semester," then leaves the classroom.*
Narration: *I thought this sort of bowing and scraping was an elementary and middle school thing... I guess our attitude toward "learning" is a little different here. Or maybe the ceremony itself carried a different nuance at my old schools?*
Makina: Hey, Papa! Lookit my report card!
Yuuji: ...Hrm, let's see here...
Narration: *Smiling from ear to ear, Makina thrusts her report card in my face as if to smash it against my nose.*
Yuuji: ...Hmm?
Narration: *I pull my head back so I can actually get a look. Makina's card consists of a large border with a vivid red cherry blossom design framing the words "Let's try a little harder" in huge, bold letters.*
Narration: *Underneath that stamp, there's a brief comment that seems to have been written by the principal herself―*
Narration: *"Receptivity to the influence of others is proof of a curious mind, but please make an effort to acquire a little more common sense. Start by working on your manner of speaking!" ...So I'm not the only one who earned an exclamation mark. *
Yuuji: ...Hoh, isn't this something...
Narration: *Makina's bizarre mode of speech isn't anything new, but the principal has a point - it's not going to fly if the girl goes out into the world and tries to get a job.*
Narration: *And that's not the only problem. Just from my casual observations, her handwriting's sloppy and she's terrible with her chopsticks... In many small but significant ways, she's lacking in the skills expected of a normal member of society.*
Yuuji: ...But "acquiring common sense" is easier said than done when you're spending all your time in an isolated school like this...
Narration: *"Common sense" and the lack thereof are concepts that exist only in relation to your environment. What's she supposed to learn from a guy with a C in "Social Etiquette"...?*
Yuuji: ...That said, looking around the room I can't find a single person who doesn't exhibit a severe lack of common sense. I think I'm developing a stomachache.
Amane: Uhm, excuse me... I can't let you get away with that one. For what it's worth, I am widely regarded as Mihama Academy's Queen of Common Sense.
Yuuji: ...Are you sure about that?
Amane: You have something to say...?
Yuuji: Let me pose you a hypothetical question. If Makina were to go out into the world and conduct herself just as you have, what would people think of her...?
Yuuji: For example, if they observed Makina declaring her "love at first sight" for some man she didn't even know, then proceeding to rub her chest against him while snorting roughly through her nose, would they accept it as "normal"...?
Amane: ...Ugh... W-Well... I mean...
Yuuji: I'm pretty sure they would pin her as a "horny, slightly dim-witted Lolita type"―
Yuuji: And while this might very well meet with the enthusiastic, tearful approval of a certain minority given to particular tastes―
Yuuji: Could you really call any society that accepts such a viewpoint as "common sense" anything but pathologically abnormal...?
Amane: ...U-Uhmm... That's definitely a little... well...
Yuuji: You know, Amane my friend, it's extremely easy to delude ourselves into believing we possess this "common sense" and everyone else doesn't. But remember, no one shouts "I don't get drunk!" quite so confidently as an alcoholic.
Yuuji: For example, while I'm currently talking down to you like my shit doesn't stink, on objective examination I'm forced to admit that I have no right whatsoever to lecture anyone about common sense.
Makina: I don't really get it, but fer the moment I'm friggin' hungry. Why don't we finish this desk-kushion while lunchin' it up? 
Amane: ...Okay, putting aside common sense and all that, I think the first order of business has to be doing something about the way she talks...
Yuuji: I'm with you there...
Narration: *Japanese is an unusually difficult language. Or if you prefer, a "tongue uniquely rich in expressive power." And spending a lot of time overseas as a child can leave you thinking in a foreign language―*
Narration: *Even when speaking Japanese, you end up translating foreign words in your head on the fly as you talk, a process that supposedly makes it very easy to badly mangle your syntax and grammar. But still...*
Makina: Bad boy binegaaar!!!
Yuuji: When you're this far gone, I sort of feel like the language you're thinking in may not be the fundamental issue...
Amane: ...Okay, yes, I think the vinegar's learned its lesson. Now stop dumping the dressing all over your salad, you're making it into a slushy mess... 
Narration: *From time immemorial, it's been said that "an army marches on its stomach." Or more to the point: "First feed the face, then talk right and wrong."*
Narration: *Accordingly, we decided to sate Makina's hunger before attempting to preach about decorum and such, and spread out our lunch boxes on the roof together.*
Narration: *Having set the stage, I was just wondering how to broach our subject when Amane's homemade apple vinegar dressing suffered Makina's "bad boy binegar" explosion―*
Narration: *Knocked off-track before we could even begin, Amane and I glance at each other and heave quiet but heartfelt sighs.*
Narration: *Should be easy enough to understand the full force of this girl's destructive power from the fact that neither of us can even work up the energy to retort "Are you the balsamic boogeyman now!?"*
Yuuji: Hey, Amane... maybe we should just forget "common sense" entirely and focus on teaching the girl proper Japanese...?  
Amane: ...Mmm... I mean, it's been bugging me for a long time too, you know? I tried correcting Makina every time she said something weird, but it just didn't seem to help...  
Makina: Yer rude, people! I can totally speak all polite an' formal if th' mood strikes me, ya know?
Yuuji: Hoh... first I've heard of it. All right then, kindly demonstrate your best polite conversation.
Makina: I'm very sorry, but your request isn't particularly clear... What exactly would you like to discuss, sir?
Amane: Ooh! That sounded sorta convincing!
Makina: I know, right? Talkin' formal ain't no thang. Just gotta imitate Sacchin, am I right?
Yuuji: Sure didn't last long. What happened to the polite language, Makina?
Makina: Ah... I do apologize. I've rather embarrassed myself... Well then, what should the topic of our discussion be...?
Amane: Well, uhhh... whatever pops into your head should be fine, I guess.
Makina: Whatever pops into my head, is it...?
Makina: Well then, let me see... I have a story to share from just last night. I was drifting off to sleep in my bed, but... a mosquito bit my arm in this vicinity, and the itchiness quickly grew unbearable...
Makina: But if I were to scratch away at it, I knew that Amane-san would scold me and insist I was only making things worse... so instead, I pressed down quietly with my thumbnail several times, forming a X mark over the bite...
Makina: At this point, I was struck by a flash of insight! Overlaying my initial X with a second, I formed an asterisk! I was so proud of myself, I couldn't help but shout... "Ass-hooole!"
Makina: And at that point, Amane-san came over with quite the fierce scowl on her face, and proceeded to beat me about the head. What an unspeakably savage woman, don't you think? Whatever shall we do with her?
Yuuji: ............
Yuuji: ...Hey, Amane...
Amane: Yesss?
Yuuji: ...I'm starting to think this girl's issues might go deeper than just her language skills.
Amane: Goodness, what a coincidence. I was just thinking the exact same thing.
Yuuji: In the first place, if that's really supposed to be an imitation of Sachi, you're completely off-base...
Makina: Ooh? Okay then, I'll try gettin' it a little closer.
Makina: ...Nn... nnnngh!
Makina: ...Good morning to you both. I am Sachi.
Yuuji: ...So similar! Wait, what the hell!? Is that her!?
Makina: ...To be frank, I've grown rather sick of Michiru-sama's nonsense. Every day I think to myself, "if only that girl would hang herself with an udon noodle and die."
Yuuji: Definitely sounds like her, but that's awful!
Makina: By th' way, I can imitate Chiruchiru too, ya know?
Yuuji: ...Okay, let's see it...
Makina: Yuuji, Yuuji! Help! It's a disaster!
Yuuji: What's wrong, Michiru?
Makina: My stomach was really hurting this morning, so I went to the bathroom! You're not gonna believe this, but... my vagina was bleeding! And it just won't stop! Am I gonna diiie!?
Yuuji: Crap! Not only does she have the voice down cold, that sounds like a line the girl might say! 
Amane: Uh, no, I think you're being a little too harsh on Michiru there, any way you look at it...
Yuuji: ...What else have you got!?
Makina: ...Why exactly do I have to participate in this nonsense, exactly...? 
Yuuji: ...It's Sakaki!!
Makina: ...How utterly ridiculous. You really are a worthless human being, aren't you? It's perfectly obvious that your continued existence will only bring further misery to everyone involved. Kindly bite your belly button and die...
Yuuji: What is this!? Absurd talent! You're amazing, Makina!
Makina: Hehehe... ya think? This is kinda th' first time anybody's complimented me about this sorta thing, ya know?
Amane: Well, uh... I mean, yeah, the voices are pretty good and all, but... I don't think Sakaki-san's going to tell anyone to "bite their belly button and die," you know...? Why do they all have to be so nasty? 
Yuuji: I've wondered about this for a while now, but... I think the girl's foul mouth might be coming from you, Amane.
Amane: ...Huh? Me...?
Yuuji: Well, think about it. Hanging yourself with an udon noodle? Biting your belly button? That's all pure Kansai... 
Amane: Huh? Uh... well, now that you mention it... maybe a little Kansai twang does sneak out every once in a while, when I'm scolding Makina or whatever... Huh? Wait, don't tell me... This is all my fault!?
Yuuji: I'm not sure where else it would be coming from.
Amane: O-Okay, if that's how you want to play it, then how about all those dirty jokes she's been spitting out right and left lately!? Isn't she picking that up from you!?
Yuuji: I won't deny it...
Narration: *I did spend my "junior high" days in a school that basically scraped together American bad boys and dropouts, after all. I'll admit to having some difficulty moderating my language.*
Makina: Hey, Ama-nee! Can I eat another hunk'a bread?
Amane: Yeah, that's okay... but we're talking about you here, you know? How about you at least pretend to pay attention...? 
Yuuji: Hrm... well, what can you do? Maybe the girl's fine just the way she is...
Amane: Whaaaat?
Yuuji: She's been sucking up various characteristics from the people around her for a long time now. That's how the Makina we know came to be, right? Doesn't seem like such a bad thing when you look at it that way.
Makina: Oho? Yer always sayin' such good stuff, Papa! I was totally right ta make you my papa! Fer sure.
Amane: That's just... spoiling her, you know? If you're thinking "I'll just take Makina's side by default," well... that's really not good enough.
Yuuji: I'm not trying to give the girl more approval than she deserves. I'm just saying, I think she might still be undergoing the process of osmosis...
Amane: ...I'd appreciate it if you could explain this in a way I can understand.
Yuuji: It's not like I'm positive myself, but... I have the feeling Makina's still an impressionable "chick."
Yuuji: In other words, she's absorbing the coping mechanisms and life strategies of those around her, studying the world so she can figure out how to survive in it. That a little easier to grasp?
Amane: Mmm... well, I understand what you're saying, but...
Yuuji: I don't know the details, but it seems like the girl was hospitalized for a pretty long time, right?
Makina: Yeah, that's right. I was in th' hospital fer, what, maybe six years...?
Yuuji: So what I'm thinking is, spending her formative years in that totally isolated little society made her what she is right now...
Yuuji: In that case, instead of arguing back and forth about how to "teach" her, wouldn't it be more natural to get her out into the real world? I think the girl needs to be exposed to a wider range of people. What're your thoughts, Amane?
Amane: Well... sure, I can understand that's probably best in theory, y'know? But we're talking about Makina here...
Yuuji: Weren't you just scolding me about being overprotective? If you're thinking "I'll just take care of Makina," that's really not good enough.
Amane: ...Hmm... okay, so... that said, what do you specifically want her to do?
Yuuji: Well, I think it's my job as Makina's "father" to come up with the details. At the moment, all I have is a vague plan to start off by helping her obtain new skills, one by one... 
Amane: Ah... so that's why you suddenly started this whole bicycle thing?
Yuuji: There were some other circumstances involved, but yeah, more or less.
Amane: Hmmm... you're kinda taking the Papa role pretty seriously, aren't you?
Yuuji: Well, I think the ideal father is a man who views giving his children "the knowledge they need to survive" as his most important job.
Narration: *In other words, I want to do for Makina what my master did for me.*
Yuuji: I won't deny that I'm a little worried about sending Makina out into the world as she is right now... Even so, I think the girl's come a long way from when she'd run away at the first sight of me...
Yuuji: Yes, interacting with society will mean increased risk of encountering danger or malice... but that doesn't mean we can let her stay shut up in this school forever...
Yuuji: Therefore, even if it requires somewhat strict methods, I want to strengthen her mind until she can cope with any crisis... polish her skills until she can deal with anything that comes her way...
Yuuji: There are limits to what I can teach her, of course. If the girl decides to become a fighter pilot or submarine captain, I won't be much good...
Yuuji: But at the very least, I'm confident I can teach her the skills necessary to survive in the jungle for two weeks with a bare minimum of equipment.
Amane: Yeah... I guess that sort of knowledge can be pretty important...
Yuuji: ...? That's a surprise. I was expecting you to butt in with "What's the point of learning that stuff in modern Japan?" or something at this point...
Amane: Aah... ahaha... well, guess so... but, you know, there are some pretty basic skills that definitely come in handy in the worst-case scenario, right? Knowing some of that stuff can't hurt.
Yuuji: ...Didn't expect you to agree, but all right.
Yuuji: For the time being, I'll teach her to ride a bike, increasing her range of mobility and giving her the chance to get out into the world on her own initiative... We'll see where it goes from there.
Makina: ...Hoh?
Amane: Look... "Hoh" doesn't cut it. We're discussing your future here, okay? Yuuji's been saying some impressive stuff, you know? Were you even listening?
Makina: Aah, sorry, I got so caught up in this fine loaf that I stopped payin' attention. What's the deal? 
Amane: ...Honestly... you really love your bread, don't you...?
Makina: Well, yep! Not to brag, but as long as I've got a little bread for flavorin', I can gobble down three bowls of rice!
Yuuji: Amane, my friend... just what are you mixing into this girl's bread?
Amane: Nothing! I'm telling you, it's normal! I mean, the stuff I usually get just comes from a bakery in town!
Yuuji: ...Hrm. This bread really is pretty damn good, though...
Makina: I know, right? From what I heard, th' owner trained in France an' Germany! An' he gets up at three in th' mornin' every day to start bakin'...
Makina: Everything ya see on the shelves was baked with lovin' care in a stone oven that very day! Of course it's gonna be good! 
Yuuji: Didn't know there were any bakers that passionate left in this day and age...
Makina: A good bakery's the jewel in any city's crown, ya know? Japanese people just don't get what a blessin' it is havin' a store with great bread in th' neighborhood!
Yuuji: You're pretty passionate yourself...
Amane: Well, it's just a small bakery in front of the station, but I guess the owner is the landlord's second son? Supposedly he started it up as a hobby, less to make money and more for the enjoyment of baking bread...
Yuuji: I see... If you're prioritizing profit, then mechanizing the process is only logical these days... but if you're in it mainly as a hobby, I guess this quality is understandable.
Makina: It's not like I was always a bread freak myself, ya know? Heck, every time they served us them soggy sandwiches in the hospital I'd be all "ugeeeh!"
Makina: But ya know what? When I first tried th' bread from this store, it hit me like a friggin' thunderbolt! I sez to myself, "Aah! So this is what bread REALLY tastes like!"
Makina: Since then, I've been a total baked-goods addict! It's like, if this bread suddenly stopped flowin', what would I do with myself? I don't even wanna think about a life without it!
Narration: *Even as she's speaking, Makina snaps up huge bites of a hefty sandwich - lettuce, tomato, onions, salami, and swiss cheese packed inside a thick baguette.*
Narration: *Honestly... the girl's chomping away so blissfully that it's kind of charming in a way. If she enjoys bread this much, maybe working at a bakery would be a rewarding experience?*
Yuuji: ...Hrm... in that case, Makina, why not try making bread yourself?
Makina: ...Hweh?
Yuuji: You can't live without that bread...? In other words, you're completely dependent on a single bakery.
Yuuji: In this economically turbulent world of ours, that place might go under just like that. Instead of living your life waiting fearfully for that day, why not acquire the skills to produce bread with your own two hands?
Makina: ...Bake bread...? Myself...?
Amane: Hmmm... well, they do say home breadmakers are getting pretty darn good these days... I'd actually been thinking about getting one myself at some point.
Yuuji: No, that's not what I meant. Why not take things a little further and try for a part-time job at this bakery she loves so much?  
Makina: A part time job...? Me? At th' bakery?
Yuuji: Conveniently enough, we're just starting summer vacation tomorrow. I thought it might be a good experience... and a chance to get your feet wet in the working world.
Amane: ...Huh? But we're talking about Makina here. Working for money isn't a game, you know?
Yuuji: Tell me, Makina, my what's your work experience to date?
Makina: ...None...
Yuuji: This is as good a time as any to start. How about giving it a try?
Amane: Hold on, hold on! Aren't you rushing things a little!? Shouldn't we, you know... ease her into this...? For one thing, I don't know if Makina even knows how to handle money...
Yuuji: Ah, very true. The girl does seem to have a pretty warped perspective when it comes to financial matters. But that's all the more reason. Nothing teaches you the value of a dollar like earning it through the sweat of your own brow.
Amane: ...Huh? Wait, are you seriously going to do this!?
Yuuji: Well, that's up to her to decide. What do you think, Makina? Interested in learning how to make bread yourself?
Makina: ...Yeah!!
Amane: Huh!? Hold on... Makina!? Did you really think this through!?
Makina: C'mon, think about it, Ama-nee... Bakin' my own bread? It's like a bee-yoo-tiful dream come true!
Amane: ...Uh, well... maybe so, but...
Makina: Whenever I get a hankerin', I can bake myself whatever kinda bread I want... as much as I want! No longer a slave to th' bakery! 
Makina: A-And what's more... this could present an ideal chance to unleash th' "Double-Melon-Bun" that torments my dreams onto an unsuspectin' world, whippin' up an enormous sensation with my very own hands!
Amane: ...Double melon bun...?
Yuuji: What was it again...? Something about the winds of change blowing through the ossified melon bun world... Uh, the birth of a terrible infant?
Makina: Enfant terrible, if ya please!
Yuuji: Right, right, something like that. So in conclusion, if you work part-time at the bakery, you can make anything you please a reality! Be it Double Melon Buns or Double Buns of Steel!
Makina: It's like a dream!!
Amane: Okay, hold on. I understand the melon bun thing, but I think buns of steel are something else entirely...
Amane: And not to rain on the parade, but what makes you think they're going to be conveniently looking to hire someone right now?
Yuuji: In regards to that little detail, Amane, how about you pay them a visit? I'm sure even a hard-assed bread artisan will yield before a jiggling tit or two.
Amane: Excuuuse me? Are you under the impression I jiggle my tits on command? Got another thing comin', y'bum...
Amane: Well, whatever. I guess I'm on board. I'll stop by this evening on my shopping trip or whatever and see if I can convince them for you.
Makina: Noice! I'm gonna do this thing! I'll be dominatin' the world from the shadows through th' power of Double Melon Buns in no time!!
Yuuji: I don't entirely follow, but... this Double Melon Bun sounds like it has some impressive potential... 
Narration: *That same evening, despite her protestations, Amane sauntered into the bakery in ridiculously revealing casual clothes, excessive chest flab swinging pendulously from side to side with every step―*
Narration: *And in her very best sugary-sweet tone, asked "Hey... are you hiring part-timers or anything?"*
Narration: *In no time at all, she proceeded to smoothly convince the owner, and Makina attained her first job without so much as an interview.*
Narration: *The only remaining difficulty is whether the school administration will provide its approval. Makina's taken this task into her own hands, putting her case to our highest authority. I'm sitting in mainly as a spectator.*
Narration: *Understandably a little anxious about the prospect of letting this particular animal go free-range, the principal responds with guarded rejection.*
Principal: ...I do understand your desire to gain experience in the real world, Irisu-san... but right now, well... perhaps it's more important to focus on gradually, steadily learning what you'll need out there...?
Narration: *Although she's choosing her words carefully, it's pretty clear that Chizuru has some serious reservations about letting a potential embarrassment like Makina wander out into the world. Her mild disapproval holds steady.*
Narration: *However... once lit, the flames of ambition (Re: Double Melon Bun World Conquest) prove difficult to extinguish.*
Narration: *Her face twitching with rage, Makina bellows "Damn the torpedoes, Principal Tachibana!" and slams her stubby little hands onto the desk with a vigorous "thwack." The kid does a pretty decent marine admiral.*
Narration: *But it's the next line out of her mouth that really makes me go pale. *
Makina: We're never gonna get anywhere with that cowardly attitude! This is eggs-actly why you're still a friggin' virgin at your age!!
Principal: ...Gah...!
Narration: *The principal doesn't elaborate on this snappy retort. Not only has she been struck speechless, she seems to have forgotten how to breathe. I quickly ride in to the rescue.*
Yuuji: ...Don't be ridiculous, Makina. Principal Tachibana's not a kid, you know? She obviously threw away her virginity ages ago.
Narration: *The instant I speak, Chizuru swings her head to face me so vigorously I can hear the sound of her hair cutting through the air. After flapping her mouth like a goldfish for a while, she draws a deep breath and unleashes a truly massive sigh.*
Principal: ...Haaaaah... I understand, I'll give you my permission...
Narration: *...Quite the sudden change of heart. Shoulders drooping like a high school baseball player who's just lost their final shot at Koshien, the principal retrieves a sheet of paper from her desk.*

Date: *July 24, 2011, 06:30 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *―Sometimes I'm amazed at the human capacity to adapt.*
Narration: *Generally speaking, the speed with which someone picks up the "knack" of something is proportional to their performance. But it's surprisingly difficult to guess the fastest learners ahead of time―*
Narration: *Exceptionally talented individuals can often apply their existing skills to a new task, but it's not uncommon for someone who seems inferior in other respects to abruptly discover an astonishing talent in one specific field.*
Narration: *Case in point: Ever since I was a kid, I had a firm reputation for being below-average at everything I tried―*
Narration: *But then I met my master, stumbled across a certain talent, and in time came to see the world through a new lens.*
Narration: *You could say that discovering that talent made it possible for me to finally find my "niche," such as it is.*
Narration: *Okay, we're getting pretty abstract here, so I'm going to explain things a little more simply.*
Narration: *There are two types of people in this world: those who are capable of riding a bicycle, and those who aren't.*
Narration: *And, well, apparently Makina belongs in the former category. That's it.*
Makina: Papaaaaa!
Narration: *Makina zips around the courtyard on the Mini Velo Sachi lent us, boldly releasing one handlebar to wave in my direction. Not exactly ready for the Tour, but she's maintaining a respectable degree of control.*
Narration: *The girl only got on a bicycle for the first time yesterday, and in terms of skill it's fair to say that she's already superior to one not-insignificant group of fellow pedal-pushers... *
Narration: *Namely, those little old ladies who fall right off whenever an obstacle crosses their path, the so-called "granny cyclists." Quite a respectable standard to pass after one day.*
Narration: *I'm pretty well convinced at this point - the girl has talent. Perhaps it was my rigorous training, in the finest tradition of a culture that produced 300 warriors who faced down a million Persians, that allowed it to blossom?*
Narration: *I nod deeply, satisfied to see the wisdom of my educational methods reaffirmed. *
Narration: *As Makina pumps away at the pedals, enthralled with the bursts of speed she can produce on her own power, her face seems to have frozen in a manically joyful grin. I know exactly how she feels.*
Narration: *Discovering a new talent is like seeing a clear new path opening up before you on the vague, foggy road into the future. It's a downright stirring feeling.*
Narration: *Will I be able to prepare the sort of road this "daughter" of mine deserves...?*
Narration: *As my thoughts lurch into sentimental territory, all of a sudden the sight of Makina waving at me from her bicycle seems oddly moving.*
Narration: *I've never had a child of my own, so I can only speculate... but maybe these are the sort of feelings that carry the fathers of the world through the daily grind?*
Narration: *Before I know it, I've started worrying myself about "What I can do for this girl." Seriously considering multiple possibilities for her future. It's bizarre. I can't even figure myself out anymore.  *
Makina: How ya like them apples?
Narration: *Her final lap completed, Makina comes to rest a few feet in front of me, puffing out her meager chest in a display of pure pride that would put a strutting peacock to shame.*
Yuuji: Hrm... you're a cocky little punk, but I must admit you've gotten the general idea.
Makina: I had Ama-nee teach me b'fore dinner yesterday!
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *I was aware of that, of course. Amane reported afterward that "I just showed her the basics, but she got the hang of it pretty easily."*
Narration: *During this initial session, Makina apparently fell off her bike once or twice. Perfectly normal for a beginner, of course. What surprised Amane was the way she fell.*
Narration: *When Makina felt she was beginning to lose her balance, she instantly determined the safest possible way to hit the ground, sometimes deliberately sliding off the bike to avoid the worst-case scenario.*
Makina: Ama-nee thinks I'm good enough ta ride outside, but she said I should ask ya first just ta be on the safe side. 
Yuuji: All right then... how about you follow me on the bike when I go running today?
Makina: Aah, sorta like a manager from the boxin' club taggin' along ta keep an eye on th' guys?
Yuuji: More or less. While we're at it, I'll teach you the rules of riding a bike on a public road.
Makina: Sounds good! Let's get this party started!
Narration: *I glance at the watch on my left wrist - about half past six. If I run at my normal pace and skip climbing the stairs at that Shinto shrine, it should come out to a light fifty-minute course.*
Narration: *Once you get the hang of riding a bike, wanting to pedal out into the world is only human― *
Narration: *And when you're passing through a familiar town in a whole new way, it's hard not to feel a slight sense of adventure swelling in your chest. The question "Just how far can I go?" floats naturally through your mind.*
Narration: *But even taking all that into consideration, I can't let this turn into a casual joyride. There's just too much I need to teach Makina.*
Narration: *First, the most fundamental of the fundamentals: how to focus your attention when operating a vehicle. There are far too many people who only look directly in front of them.*
Narration: *At the very least, I want Makina looking far enough down the road to notice hazards fifteen meters or more in advance. And while checking her sides should go without saying, I don't want the girl ignoring what's behind her either.  *
Narration: *Unlike motorcycles or cars, bicycles don't have blinkers or brake lights. Keeping everyone around you informed of your intentions requires deliberate care on your part.*
Narration: *By checking both sides ahead of time, you can avoid problems when you change a lane or make a turn. And being aware of what's behind you dramatically reduces the risk of being rear-ended while braking.*
Narration: *I'm jogging along explaining these matters to Makina when we pass a pink-collar worker, casually fiddling with her cell phone as she steers her car with one careless hand.*
Yuuji: Take a look at that, Makina. Bicycle accidents are on the rise these days, and the majority are directly caused by happy-go-lucky types like her.
Makina: Ooh, that's kinda impressive. Can't even see where she's goin' like that, can she?
Yuuji: The woman can see just fine. She's just choosing not to look.
Narration: *It's not like she's driving a damn tank. As a general rule, motor vehicles are made to provide their operator with adequate visibility.*
Narration: *Not even trying to look around you is negligent. And ignoring what's right before your eyes is downright criminal.*
Narration: *Averting your gaze from things you'd rather not see, covering your ears against unpleasant words. Exactly the sort of casual arrogance that once led Japan into an unwinnable war. You'd think we'd have learned our lesson by now...*
Yuuji: ...In any case, never operate a vehicle while playing with your cell phone. And keep your headphones off, too.
Yuuji: Always pay attention to your surroundings, and be aware of how well others can see you. That alone should be enough to avoid a good percentage of preventable accidents you might suffer otherwise.
Makina: Hrrrm, I see...
Narration: *As a general rule, the most important part of keeping yourself safe is maintaining a healthy fear of things that can kill you.*
Narration: *In other words, don't get so used to the peaceful existence you're currently enjoying that you start taking it for granted.*
Narration: *Nothing went wrong yesterday, and today's been smooth sailing as well, so tomorrow will no doubt be just the same. Such careless thinking sneaks up on you. And when a real crisis arrives, it can render you utterly helpless.*
Narration: *But pressing this rather theoretical point won't do much good. The words will probably go in one ear and out the other until Makina has a wake-up call of her own.*
Narration: *Instead, I emphasize the importance of concrete, simple procedures for staying alert and aware of the road around her.*
Yuuji: ...Listen, Makina. No matter how much of a hurry you might be in, don't even think about neglecting your safety checks. In fact, the faster you're rushing, the more alert you need to be.
Yuuji: Being careless and taking chances isn't going to gain you a significant amount of time. At most, they'll cost you five minutes a trip or so. That's a small price to pay for preventing the worst-case scenario.
Yuuji: You've got a long life ahead of you. It's not worth risking the decades you've got left for the sake of ten minutes here or there. You understand?
Makina: So, uh... "You only get another shot if you come back alive," like ya said before? 
Yuuji: Exactly. You're not going to win the respect of grown-ups by being reckless. If anything, "The Department of Defense has better things to do than write letters of condolence to your parents, maggot!" is the typical reaction.
Makina: Th' Dee-oh-Dee spends good taxpayer money raisin' their maggots, ya know? Course they're gonna be pissed off if ya go an' croak.
Yuuji: Seems like you're starting to get the idea. All right, let me drill this into that thick country bumpkin skull of yours one last time...
Yuuji: Here's my rule: "Don't die before your parents." Amane and I will teach you the skills you need to keep yourself in one piece, so don't waste our efforts through sheer stupidity. Understood?
Makina: Sir! Yes, sir!
Yuuji: Good! Pretty decent answer for a shit-eating recruit! We'll suspend our training here for the day!
Makina: Thank you very much, sir!!
Narration: *Clicking her heels together, Makina smartly snaps a hand to her head.*
Narration: *Originally, this salute was something Makina started as part of some make-believe soldier game, but...*
Narration: *The gesture was so painfully sloppy that I couldn't stop myself from dressing her down on her poor form.*
Narration: *Apparently she took my remonstrations to heart. The angle of her right arm is sharp, and she's tightly clenching her free hand at her side. Not entirely orthodox, but she's got spirit.*
Narration: *Well then, the girl's probably hungry. Probably about time for breakfast... But just as I'm glancing at my watch, a fluting call fills the air.*
Makina: ...Hwoh? Kinduva nice birdsong outta nowhere...
Yuuji: Aah, that's a cuckoo. He was singing yesterday morning too. 
Makina: ...A cuckoo? That brood para-sight-ism one?
Yuuji: Impressed you know that. Yeah, cuckoos lay their eggs in the nests of other birds like the shrike or reed warbler. Since this one's been around two days in a row, there's probably a nest around here. 
Makina: Ooh, I wanna see th' cuckoo's nest! I wanna see that sucker!
Narration: *Squinting, I carefully look over the area the birdsong's coming from. The search proves slightly easier this time around.*
Yuuji: ...There it is. Look at the... eighteenth tree, counting from the storehouse on the left. It's up in the branches... Can you see it? 
Makina: Hmm? Where? I can't see a friggin' thing...
Yuuji: Don't get too close or it'll fly off. There, see? In the branches of that tree on the left. Why can't you see it? The bird's huge.
Makina: Hm? Hmmmm? Wait, is it that little black thing there?
Yuuji: Closer to grey than black, I'd say. Orange eyes and feet, though.
Makina: Can ya really see all that, Papa? I can just sorta make out a black-ish thingy over there...
Yuuji: ...Well, I've got pretty good long-distance vision, thanks to my job... All right, wait here. I'll bring you something nice.
Makina: Somethin' nice?
Yuuji: I'll be back soon. Don't run around and scare the cuckoo off, all right?
Makina: Gotcha.
Narration: *I jog back to the dorm, then drag out the rucksack containing all my earthly possessions from the back of my closet.*
Narration: *I know it's a little pathetic to admit this myself, but there's a hell of a lot of useless junk in this thing...*
Narration: *The container I finally retrieve from the very bottom of the bag just looks like a tackle box at a glance. But instead of lures, it's packed full of old tools I no longer actively use in the field.*
Narration: *An assortment of Allen wrenches in all sizes, a short-handled "Stubby Driver," an old Palm PC with a monochrome screen, a GPS that's grown unusably inaccurate... Sifting through it all, I finally spot a small black case.*
Yuuji: ...There it is.
Narration: *I retrieve the case, open the two sliding clasps holding it closed, and flip open the lid. In the middle of a cushioning bed of foam, there's a long tube glazed to a dull, non-reflective black.*
Narration: *Specifically, it's a Leupold MK-M3. A sight my master bought for me as a "toy" one Christmas.*
Narration: *I'm equipped with nicer optics these days, so I haven't used the thing in years, but I never got around to throwing it out. I remove the lens cap and try peering inside; the wire reticle doesn't seem to have been jolted off-center.*
Narration: *Sliding it back into the case, I take the whole package under my arm and head back to the courtyard, where Makina's waiting.*
Yuuji: Sorry for the wait. The cuckoo still singing?
Makina: I think he's still there, but... where'd you wander off to, Papa?
Yuuji: Just went to get this from my room.
Makina: ...Huh? Whassat?
Yuuji: Well... a little telescope, basically.
Narration: *I deftly snap open the case and retrieve the scope, remove the lens cap, and place the long, cool tube in Makina's hand.*
Yuuji: The thing's made of metal and glass, so it's pretty heavy. Don't drop it, all right?
Makina: Ooh, I've totally seen this sorta thing on teevee before. It's one of them things snipers use, right? Why d'you have something like this lyin' around, Papa? 
Yuuji: I'm an amateur birdwatcher. Forget that, just take a look already. 
Makina: You betcha!
Narration: *Just as instructed, Makina presses the black tube to her right eye with both hands, but―*
Makina: Hmmm? What's th' deal? I can't see a friggin' thing!
Yuuji: You've got your eye too close to the lens. Let me see it for a second. 
Makina: Hmmm...
Narration: *After retrieving the scope from Makina, I attach a rubber eye cup to the appropriate end of the tube. While I'm at it, I also twist the zoom ring, decreasing the magnification somewhat.*
Yuuji: How's this...?
Makina: Ooh! I can see, I can see! I can totally see! Huh? Now where's that cuckoo at?
Yuuji: Try using your left eye to look for its general position while your right looks through the scope.
Makina: Nn? Oho? Where's this sucker at? Oh? There! There, I found it! Looks like a big ol' pigeon or somethin'! Amazin'! I can even see his li'l black beak!! 
Yuuji: Try turning the dial on the back of the tube. You can change the magnification so he'll look even bigger.
Makina: Whoooh, amazin'! It's a cuckoo, Papa! A cuckoo in th' flesh! I've never seen one this big except in pictures! <Jeez! Fucking!!!> 
Yuuji: ...Makina, what happened to your language?
Makina: C'mon, this is totally awesome, Papa! Whoa! The cuckoo looked over here! He's lookin' at me! Ahahahahahaha!!!
Yuuji: The bird's getting nervous because you're making so much noise.
Makina: The cuckoo ain't singin', is he? If I keep quiet, will he sing?
Yuuji: Well, as long as we stay this far away, I think he'll start again sooner or later.
Makina: Hmmmmm... my excitement ain't quite cooled yet, but I suppose I shall en-dev-uhr ta appreciate th' cuckoo in silence fer th' moment...
Yuuji: Yeah, you do that.
Narration: *Observing things you don't normally get the chance to see is definitely enjoyable. I always liked watching birds as well. *
Narration: *When I was living alone with my master in the mountains, we'd see turtle doves and bulbuls every day. And even after I started my current job, I'd usually get the chance to watch birds during long standby periods in the field.*
Narration: *Then again, there was that one time I had to spend two weeks on standby on an uninhabited southern island...*
Narration: *It was a small, windswept piece of stone, barren of trees and devoid of birds. After finishing all the books I'd brought with me, I didn't have a thing to do other than sit on the rocks by the shore and watch the tropical fish below.*
Narration: *At first, I'd thought a completely solitary job would suit an introvert like me just fine, but...*
Narration: *I still remember the painful stab of depression I felt after realizing I hadn't spoken a single word in over a week.*
Narration: *Solitude and boredom are pretty difficult things for human beings to endure, I guess. Especially in combination.*
Makina: ...Hey, Papa.
Yuuji: Hm? What?
Makina: ...Is th' cuckoo a bad bird...?
Yuuji: What makes you ask?
Makina: I mean, bein' a "brood parasite" means pushin' out the eggs that were originally in that nest, ya know?
Makina: And then the daddy bird an' mommy bird work their butts off feedin' the cuckoo chick, even though it's not their real kid...? Why?
Yuuji: Well, probably because they don't realize it's not their child. Or even if they're vaguely aware, when the thing opens its mouth and goes "cheep cheep" they just can't help feeding it.
Makina: That's kinda unfair, ain't it...?
Yuuji: Unfair might be one way to put it, yeah. But that's just their strategy as a species. If the cuckoos played fair, they wouldn't be here today.
Makina: Might as well just go extinct if ya can't survive without bein' a nuisance to others... What's so good about keepin' yerself goin' if you have to go that far ta do it?
Yuuji: Tricky question. Yes, they gain as a species by causing others harm, but that's not exactly rare in nature. And there are cases where the other bird notices the switch and rejects the newly-hatched cuckoo.
Yuuji: It's not like they can be sure everything will go smoothly. The cuckoo's strategy has its own risks.
Yuuji: So when a chick manages to find itself some good foster parents, it should accept its good fortune happily.
Yuuji: Rest assured. Even if I'm a warbler and you're a cuckoo, I'll take good care of you until the day you can leave the nest with confidence.
Makina: I'm sorry, Papa...
Yuuji: Don't be. The cuckoo may be a parasite, but our relationship is symbiotic. Your presence doesn't cause me any harm... Hell, sometimes it's beneficial.
Makina: Like what...?
Yuuji: Again with the tricky questions... There's a number of advantages to having you around, but I doubt you'd really understand even if I tried to explain...
Yuuji: If I had to try and wrap it up in one phrase anyway... I find you cute, I suppose. 
Makina: I might just be... actin' cutesy, ya know...?
Yuuji: Please don't tell me you've been mangling the Japanese language all this time out of some misguided attempt to be "cutesy?" You're badly overrating your talent as an actress...
Makina: ...Right...
Narration: *Saying that and nothing more, Makina silently continues peering through the scope.*
Narration: *It's pretty clear that the girl started comparing the cuckoo's evolutionary strategy to her own way of life, concluding that asking me to become her father might've been "unfair" on her part―*
Narration: *But in the first place, Makina entrusted me with a full seventy million yen in compensation for this job. Doesn't exactly qualify as a parasitic relationship.*
Narration: *That said, I completely understand the anxiety Makina's feeling right now. I myself went through something very similar after my master adopted me.*
Narration: *I asked her many times why she'd bothered to take in a worthless, incompetent brat like me.*
Narration: *And every time, my master gave me the same answer.*
Narration: *You need to get over this idea that you can't do anything, kid. It's a self-fulfilling prophecy. The way you look at things makes a hell of a lot more difference than you realize.*
Narration: *Listen up. From now on, tell yourself this instead: "I can't do everything well, but there's nothing I can't do at all." Got that? *
Narration: *And in the end, it didn't prove that difficult to find something I wasn't so useless at. Something that gave me a kind of "worth." If I hadn't met my master, I probably would've gone my whole life without discovering that.*
Makina: ...I still...
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Makina: I still hate that stupid bird after all! You know what, Papa?
Makina: So cuckoos lay their eggs in someone else's nest, right? An' sometimes a different cuckoo comes along later and drops another one in there too!  
Makina: An' when that happens, ya end up with two cuckoo chicks hatchin' in one nest, right?
Makina: But I guess one nest ain't big enough for two of th' little jerks! They start tryin' to push each other out onto the ground! What kind of a nasty bird is that, huh!?! 
Yuuji: ...Well, nature is fundamentally cruel...
Makina: Shaddup, youuu!! Don't gimme that "coo coo" crap, punk!!!
Yuuji: Uh, weren't you waiting for it to sing?
Makina: Uuu... just lookin' at his smug little face's gettin' me more an' more pissed off. Hey, yer the big cuckoo expert, right? Know if they make good eatin'?  
Yuuji: Err... you can make almost any meat reasonably edible with enough curry to flavor it, but... can't say I've ever experimented with cuckoos. I'm not much of a carnivore in the first place, you know? 
Narration: *The bird does sort of resemble a pigeon... Could sort of picture someone in France or China stuffing cheese into its stomach and then cooking it in an oven, but...*
Narration: *While I'll admit that I'm not exactly knowledgeable in culinary affairs, I haven't heard of any cuckoo-eating customs in this country.*
Yuuji: Try to forgive him, why don't you? Cuckoos have their reasons. Just because he's a parasite doesn't mean he's a "jerk."
Makina: Well, I'll let this guy off the hook if ya say so... but that don't mean I'm condonin' child abandonment!
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah. Amane and I are here for you, right? Don't get so fired up.
Narration: *I drop a hand onto Makina's head and give it a few thumps. The girl responds with a grumbling half-growl, but appears mollified for the moment.*
Makina: ...Whoh!?!
Narration: *An idiotic electronic squawk cuts into the conversation, wiping out any remaining fragment of tension. Makina quickly retrieves her egg-shaped digital pet from its usual place around her waist.  *
Makina: Oooh crap! This ain't copacetic! I gotsta get rollin' over to my job, captain, and pronto!
Yuuji: Are you supposed to be a Tokyo kid now...?
Narration: *It's currently seven thirty by my watch. I'm pretty sure Makina was scheduled for her first shift at the bakery starting at eight this morning.*
Makina: Allrighty then! I'm gonna go engage in a little part-time workery!!
Yuuji: Very well! Obey your orders faithfully and uphold the honor of your shop! Devote your days to the pursuit of baking excellence!! 
Makina: Hoo-ah!!!
Yuuji: Ah! Hold on, you! Get off that bike! I don't remember giving out your MOS yet! 
Makina: Whaaaaat...?
Yuuji: Don't give me that. It's too early for you to be riding on the street alone.
Yuuji: For today, head to your destination on foot while imagining yourself following the same route on bicycle! Stay alert and practice maintaining situational awareness! Understood?
Makina: Sounds kinda stupid, ta be honest...
Yuuji: What kind of an attitude is that!? Approach your drills as if they were real combat! Also, don't casually wander off with my scope in your hand!  
Makina: ...Tch... Ya caught on, huh?
Yuuji: Is this how it went with Amane's boots, too? You're hopeless... I don't mind letting you have the thing if you like it, but you're not going to need it at the bakery. Leave it behind.
Makina: Hoookay. I'll be goin', then...
Yuuji: Indeed. Do us proud out there.
Narration: *After entrusting me with the Mini Velo and her new scope, Makina dashes off toward the front gate, imitating the "ting ting" of a bicycle bell with her mouth. Looks like she's managed to get herself into the scenario.  *
Narration: *And so, I sent Makina off in what I felt was a suitably vigorous and encouraging manner. However, this opinion was not universally shared―*
Amane: Whaaaaaaaaaat!? You made her go already!? All by herself!? 
Narration: *―As should probably go without saying at this point, the objector was Suou Amane.*
Yuuji: I fail to see the problem here. When the designated time arrives, you head into the field. That's what a job is.
Narration: *Watching as I dig into my breakfast of cold pasta with tomato and basil sauce, Amane contorts her face with an exaggerated display of sadness.*
Amane: Poor Makina... sent off to work without even eating her breakfast... The girl must be starving... 
Yuuji: Well, we stopped by a convenience store on the road this morning, and she gobbled down a bagel and an egg sandwich with a bottle of milk. I doubt she's "starving."
Amane: Excuse me!? You let Makina snack yet again!?
Yuuji: I mean, the girl said she was so hungry she couldn't move...
Amane: So soft!! What the heck!? You're a ridiculously soft touch!! If you give her everything she wants every time she asks, the girl's going to end up turning into a perfect circle!  
Yuuji: So you say, Amane, but it's not like you want to see her groaning with hunger yourself.
Amane: ...Uh, I... well, yeah... when the girl says she's starving, I can't help giving her a little something...
Amane: But I'm counting every calorie! I make sure not to fatten the girl up! 
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah, my bad. That's why I'm heroically eating her share of the breakfast you made, see?
Amane: You do realize that's not much of an excuse, right!?
Yuuji: Now that you mention it...
Narration: *Matter of fact, eating outside often makes me realize just how good the stuff Amane makes really is. The pasta I'm working on right now is pretty simple stuff, but I have to admit it's delicious.*
Yuuji: You really can make anything taste good, Amane...
Amane: Y-You're not gonna pull the wool over my eyes with a little flattery, mister.
Yuuji: It might not be worth much coming from a man with notoriously dull taste buds, but I was being completely sincere.
Amane: All right, all right... you win. Just tell me exactly what you let Makina eat this morning, will you...?
Yuuji: Like I said, an egg sandwich, a bagel, and a bottle of milk.
Amane: What kind of bagel? That ham and cheese one?
Yuuji: Good guess...
Amane: Makina loves her ham and cheese. They're right up there with "tough bread" for her. How about the egg sandwich? Just the usual triangular kind?
Yuuji: That's right. The milk was a 200 milliliter bottle... Don't remember the brand, but there was something about "packed full of calcium" on the label.
Amane: Fortified milk, huh... Uhm, 200 milliliters of that would be about 120 kilocalories, the bagel about 200, and the egg sandwich maybe 300, so...
Amane: Gah, 620 calories for breakfast...? That egg sandwich is huge...
Yuuji: It should be fine. She was on the bicycle for a good hour burning that off. 
Amane: Hm... well, yeah. Also, she tends to have a bigger appetite in the mornings anyway. Just have to make sure I compensate by giving her a slightly smaller dinner... I think about 200 calories less should do it.
Yuuji: You're seriously diligent...
Amane: I'm already counting my own calories, so it's not really much extra effort to do hers at the same time. And if the girl gets too chubby, she won't be able to wear cute clothes... Can't have that, right?
Amane: Incidentally, the meals I make for you come to slightly under 2200 kilocalories a day.
Yuuji: What, you're planning out my diet as well?
Amane: I mean, looking at your normal meals I'm guessing you're barely getting 1500 a day otherwise. You're gonna end up nothing but skin and bones eating like that!
Yuuji: Wait, is this why you're constantly feeding me pumpkin? 
Amane: Don't underestimate pumpkins, punk! Pumpkins are concentrated lumps of pure nourishment! The undisputed health food among all health foods! As long as you've got pumpkins, you can keep fighting for ten years straight! It's good stuff!
Yuuji: ...Are pumpkins really that amazing...?
Amane: This figure of mine is made possible by a pumpkin-heavy diet, you know?
Amane: All those vitamins keep my skin silk-smooth! The beta carotene soaks up that nasty reactive oxygen! It gets your metabolism going, burning off those calories faster! And above all else, it's crazy rich in dietary fiber!
Yuuji: You sound like a fresh recruit to some pumpkin-themed cult... but they do taste good, so whatever.
Amane: I know, right? Therefore, today's lunch will be a nice chilled pumpkin soup with... 
Yumiko: ...Suou-san, do you have a moment?
Amane: Hm? What's up?
Yumiko: I looked into that matter you asked me about. Have you decided what you're going to do? Want to buy it over the internet?
Amane: How were the prices?
Yumiko: Let's see... Compared to the sticker price, there was about a 2000 to 2500 yen discount on the major sites. But considering the shipping costs, I think you'd only end up saving around 500 to 800 yen...
Amane: Hmmm, dunno if that's really worth it...
Yuuji: What're you people talking about?
Amane: Hmm? Aah, right. Listening to Makina talk, I kind of got a hankering to make some bread myself, so I thought I'd buy a machine. Asked Sakaki-san to see what the prices were like online.  
Yumiko: They tend to announce a lot of new models before bonus season, so the prices are fairly low for the older machines they're trying to clear out. If you want to buy one, I think this would be a good time...  
Amane: So, how much of a difference is there in price and quality between the new and old models?
Yumiko: Hmm, let me think... The newer ones are about 8000 to 16,000 yen more expensive, I believe... and the functionality hasn't changed much at all. Minor design improvements, mainly.
Amane: Hmmm... then maybe an older one would be good enough?
Yumiko: I found one of the sort you wanted with the tray for baking baguettes that was 8000 yen cheaper than the current model with nearly identical performance. The only drawback is that you can't make quite as much bread in one go.
Yumiko: And when I looked at some online auction sites, the same product was starting at a good 16,000 yen less than the current price...
Amane: But that goes way up by the end of the auction, right?
Yumiko: Even the auctions with a fixed "buy it now" price tended to be a good 1000 yen cheaper than the other sites, so you probably won't end up paying more than you would elsewhere.  
Yumiko: But sometimes they'll charge a heavy shipping fee separately, so you do have to be careful... Anyway, the sellers I was looking at this time seemed to be offering free delivery.
Yuuji: Assuming the price will probably end up somewhere in the middle, that's still 8000 cheaper than buying it in a store... You're surprisingly good at this sort of thing for a rich girl, Sakaki.  
Yumiko: Personally, I'd prefer you to interpret it as evidence that I'm "well-versed in economics."
Yuuji: I see. You've got a good nose for money, Sakaki.
Yumiko: That's kind of an odd way to put it... not that I really care...
Amane: Hmmm. But anyway, 8000 yen, huh...? I might be able to talk my way to a discount like that if I tried hard enough... Should I make it easy and buy it over the net... or maybe jiggle a breast in some clerk's face... Tough one...
Yumiko: Just one? Hit them with the full set and you might be able knock the price down 16,000.
Yuuji: While you're at it, why not pull down your panties and spread open your happy hole? I bet they'd give you the damn thing for free. 
Amane: I'm not quite THAT greedy, thanks! And my mama taught me only to let a special someone see my happy hole! Also, don't call my "special place" a friggin' happy hole. 
Yuuji: Why not? It's cute, isn't it?
Narration: *One time, back in the day... this black guy from Arizona shouts "Hey, Jap!" in my direction, then asks "How do you say pussy in Japanese?" So I honestly inform him it's "manko."*
Narration: *But I guess he doesn't quite like the ring of that. Keeps pestering me for something else. First thing that comes to mind is "happy hole," or "anapoko" in my elegant native tongue...*
Narration: *For some reason, that one goes over a lot better. Guy bellows "So cute!" and starts laughing uproariously.*
Narration: *On a side note, these people had a habit of ruthlessly shortening words. Mogadishu was "Mog" - anything longer than one syllable got chopped down to size.*
Narration: *Before I knew it, "poko" had become common slang for the female genitalia among my peers. (Speculation: having the same first letter as "pussy" probably made it easier to catch on.)*
Narration: *The Arizona brother in question was no exception. When he came to Japan on "business trips," he'd always get shitfaced in some bar, grab the mic, and enthusiastically belt out a ballad he called "US Marine Corps. Number One"―*
Narration: *Then start sweetly crooning "Show me your poko, baby" toward any women in the immediate vicinity. Looking back now, it's quite the heart-warming memory.*
Yumiko: Why not take the easy route and buy it online? You do have a credit card, right?
Amane: ...Well, yeah. That'd be fine too, but I think I'm gonna buy this one at the appliance store in the shopping district after all.
Yumiko: I can understand that making your purchase with the item in hand feels safer, but... ordering through the internet normally goes quite smoothly these days.
Amane: That's not it. If I buy it from the store, they can help me out right away if the machine's defective or I break it carelessly or something, right?
Amane: Even if it's a little more expensive to get it over the counter, it's sort of like you're buying that kind of convenient service, I guess.
Amane: Also, I haggled down the price of this steam oven I bought before by promising to come back the next time I needed something. I'd feel a little bad ordering online after that.
Amane: So yeah, I'm gonna go to the store for this one. Sorry for wasting your time, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: I don't particularly care where you buy it, and it didn't require much in the way of effort. Please don't worry about it.
Yuuji: But anyway, it sounds like online shopping has come a long way... The world's getting a lot more convenient these days.
Yumiko: We're firmly in the internet age now. Things are certainly more convenient, but communicating through a screen comes with its own set of problems―
Yumiko: And the online world is a rather transitory and unpredictable place, so becoming too dependent on it can often come back to bite you. 
Yuuji: They say that inconvenience is the mother of ingenuity, but I guess that's no reason to avoid the convenient option when it's already there... By the way, can you get anything you want off these online shopping sites?
Yumiko: I'm not sure if I'd say "anything you want"... but you can purchase most legal commercial goods, and even slightly dubious items are often a possibility, depending on your requirements...
Yuuji: I see...
Amane: What kind of a question is that, Yuuji? You're not planning to buy something weird, are you?
Yuuji: Hm? No... I was thinking I'd buy Makina a little "toy," but it's not exactly urgent. I was just a little curious.
Amane: That girl's got more than enough toys already. Try not to buy her random crap too casually, all right? If my room gets any more packed with junk than it already is, I won't have a place to sleep.
Yuuji: Hrm. Duly noted...
Amane: But anyway... I wonder if Makina's doing okay at her job...? 
Yumiko: I believe the owner of the bakery promised to contact you right away if something went wrong, yes? Since he hasn't called, there's presumably no problem.
Amane: W-Well, sure, but...
Yuuji: Worrying isn't going to change anything at this point. What will be will be.
Amane: How can you be so calm about this!? Aren't you worried!?
Yuuji: Not in the least, actually. Why?
Amane: Come on! The girl can't even talk to people she doesn't know, remember!?
Yuuji: Yeah, I mentioned that as well, but Makina said she's going to try her best to get over it.
Amane: Sometimes trying your best isn't good enough, you know!
Yuuji: We can cross that bridge when we come to it. Don't worry, I think Makina's going to handle this just fine. 
Amane: Ugggh... I think I'm gonna go crazy if I just sit around waiting. Maybe I'll go sneak a peek later...
Yumiko: ...Try to restrain yourself. Irisu-san may interpret your overprotectiveness as a lack of confidence. You'll end up hurting her pride. 
Amane: Well, I... do understand that, but I really am worried... What if she falls down and starts sleeping in the middle of her shift...?
Yuuji: I told the owner to knock her awake if that happens, so it shouldn't be a problem. And more importantly, how about you show a little trust in the girl?
Yumiko: ...I'm not entirely sure how we can be expected to trust that girl, but... in general, I think I agree with Kazami-kun's approach.
Amane: ...Am I just overprotective after all?
Narration: *―Way I see it, "slightly overprotective" is just about right for a mother. The world's got too many parents who can't or won't look out for their kids. Can't hurt to overcompensate a little in the opposite direction.*
Narration: *But I think Makina's passivity and fearfulness toward others has been largely the product of her own negative self-image as an incompetent "idiot."*
Narration: *Over the last few days I've taught the girl quite a few things, and I've tried to point her toward ways she can develop her potential as a human being. I intend to continue doing so from now on.*
Narration: *And although I don't think my actions are the sole cause, recently Makina's started to show proactive interest in many different things. She seems almost eager to get her hands dirty.*
Narration: *Experimentation begins with the willingness to touch. To explore something new with your own hands.*
Narration: *Sometimes, you might not like the way it feels in your palm. Sometimes you'll jerk your hand back in pain.*
Narration: *Even so, that pain's a new discovery in its own right; a lesson you can't really understand except through experience.*
Narration: *They say infants put everything and anything in their mouths to learn the taste of poison, but Makina's been raised in the equivalent of a sterile cleanroom. Now, she's finally beginning to explore the taste of the world through her own free will.*
Narration: *I won't deny that my declaration of complete confidence was largely a bluff. But I don't think I'm raising a kid who can't figure out the difference between a bitter green pepper and a bottle of arsenic.*
Date: *July 24, 2011, 18:10 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *―Soon enough, evening came.*
Narration: *Although her first shift at her new job ended some time ago, Makina hasn't returned...*
Narration: *Amane, who suffered through the day in a state of constant distracted worry, finally broke down and called the bakery, only to hear that the girl left right on time some thirty minutes ago.*
Narration: *This prompted Amane to shout "Swhaah!?" and attempt a dramatic leap to her feet with the cell phone still pressed to her ear―*
Narration: *But unfortunately, the woman had been sitting on the couch with her long hair tucked under her sizable buttocks.*
Narration: *As her head snapped backward with a painful yank, Amane let out a long groan of uncertain meaning - something along the lines of "Hwhoogh?" - then turned her impotent anger on the target closest at hand.*
Narration: *Hey, Yuuji! Why didn't you pick up Makina!? Get going!*
Narration: *―Whaaaat...?*
Narration: *It's not like I sent the girl off for her first day at kindergarten... Makina's not a child, right...? She'll come wandering back on her own eventually...  *
Narration: *...Such were my honest thoughts on the matter, but faced with the sheer irritable fury in Amane's slightly teary eyes as she rubbed her scalp, I couldn't find the courage to voice them.*
Narration: *Sighing inwardly, I pushed myself up off my seat.*
Yuuji: ...I'm thinking she saw some huge dog... a Great Pyrenees or Samoyed, something like that...
Yuuji: Then latched onto the thing and buried herself in its fur, completely losing track of time... 
Narration: *In that scenario, the owner would have to continue walking their dog at some point, meaning Makina should come back on her own eventually.*
Narration: *But depending on how things play out, she might tag along on the rest of the walk, following them all the way home―*
Narration: *Eventually ending up in a stranger's living room, snacking on sweet cakes and tea... a disturbingly plausible scenario...*
Narration: *Of course, families with big, poofy dogs like that tend to be fairly well-off, so I doubt she'd be in much danger of a financially-motivated crime―*
Narration: *But on the other hand, there's no guarantee she won't have run into the clutches of some sybaritic multi-millionaire with a twisted interest in childish young bodies.*
Narration: *My conclusion: it would be best to swiftly track the girl down, have her thank them for the cakes, then promptly withdraw.*
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *I retrieve my private cell phone from my jacket pocket.*
Narration: *Of course, we tried calling Makina before anything else, but her cell phone went straight to voice mail every time.*
Narration: *Amane and I had been uncertainly pondering our next move when a savior known as "Sakaki Yumiko" descended from the ceiling on a golden chariot.*
Narration: *As saviors go she might be a bit on the cranky side, but today she brought us tidings of comfort and joy. Apparently, Makina's cell phone was equipped with a remote tracking function in case of loss or theft.*
Narration: *We immediately set about tracking the phone's location through its GPS. As it turns out, she was keeping perfectly still in what looked like a corner of the shopping district near the station.*
Narration: *After consulting a map, we confirmed the girl wasn't in a residential area, just sitting by the side of a public road. Apparently my "gobbling down cakes in a rich person's house" hypothesis was off the mark.*
Narration: *Given this new information, my next thought was that the girl had either dropped her cell phone or simply dozed off on the spot, but―  *
Yuuji: ―Seems like it was the latter.
Yuuji: Makina... Hey, Makina. Wake up.
Makina: ...Nn... gnfh... nmm... nyu...
Narration: *For the time being, I decide not to take the drastic "smack upside the head" solution to this dilemma, opting for a gentle shake of the shoulder. Makina's head sways a little in response, but there's no sign of her waking up...*
Yuuji: ...Worn out from your first day on the job...?
Narration: *The thought leaves me a little hesitant to wake the girl up forcibly.*
Narration: *For the moment, I decide to contact Amane on my cell.*
Amane: Yes. This is the Irisu Makina Search and Retrieval Headquarters, Director-General Suou Amane speaking.
Yuuji: ...This is field operative Kazami Yuuji. I've discovered and secured the mark.
Amane: Oh, thank goodness! You found Makina?
Yuuji: Yeah. Little punk's taking a nice nap on a bench in front of the station.
Amane: Did you wake her up already? Does it look like you can?
Yuuji: Not really. I tried calling out to her, but the girl seems to be sleeping pretty deeply. I'll wait a little longer, but it shouldn't be a problem either way. If necessary I'll just carry her back to the dorm.
Amane: Makina said there's a TV show she wants to watch at eight today, so make sure to get her back before then, okay?
Yuuji: Understood. Nothing further to report. I'm ending the call.
Amane: Good work out there.
Yuuji: ...All right then...
Yuuji: ...Hey, Makina, can you wake up for me?
Makina: ...Nyuuu... mmmfh...
Narration: *Once again, I give Makina's shoulder a shake while calling out quietly. She does respond in the form of a dopey little grunt, but it doesn't seem to have brought her any closer to regaining consciousness.*
Yuuji: ...Guess I'll have to carry her back...
Narration: *The girl's not exactly heavy. Shouldn't be much of an issue.*
Narration: *I glance at my watch. We've still got nearly two hours left until eight, and I doubt it'll take longer than thirty minutes to get back to the dorm even if I'm carrying her on my back. More than enough time.*
Yuuji: But seriously... could you be any more defenseless...?
Narration: *Considering the girl was kidnapped as a child, she's surprisingly incautious...*
Narration: *Then again, there's not really much danger in a public street with heavy pedestrian traffic. At worst, you might have a wallet or bag stolen while you sleep, but in modern Japan even that sort of petty crime isn't very common.*
Narration: *This really is a peaceful country... but on the other hand, the apathy of the passersby who don't even bother to wake up a little girl dozing off in the sun is also very typically Japanese.*
Narration: *In any case, I can't just let the girl sleep here forever...*
Narration: *For one thing, the longer we stay like this the higher the odds of someone reporting "some shady-looking degenerate trying to cop a feel off a sleeping kid" to our friendly neighborhood police station.*
Narration: *I should really either be waking her up immediately, or getting her on my back and beating a prompt retreat, but...*
Makina: ............
Narration: *Watching Makina draw soft, regular breaths, I can't help wanting to just let her be...*
Narration: *I know this might sound a little strange, but I don't dislike watching women sleep.*
Narration: *Doesn't matter if it's a ridiculously powerful and crudely masculine woman, or a shaggy-headed blond who spends every waking moment carping like she's your damn mother - when their eyes are closed and their mouth is shut, they're cute.*
Narration: *Same goes for Makina, it seems. Normally, watching the girl just makes you wonder if she's burned out a couple hundred thousand synapses in her brain, but when sleeping quietly like this she's genuinely adorable.*
Makina: ...Nwoh...? Oh crap... I fell asleep...
Yuuji: You awake, Makina...?
Makina: Huh? Papa...? Why're you here...?
Yuuji: You were really taking your time getting back, so I came to pick you up.
Makina: No kiddin'...? Sorry 'bout that... Fer some reason, I got really sleepy after work...
Narration: *Makina opens her mouth wide and lets out a high-pitched, vaguely feline yawn.*
Yuuji: Worn out from your first day on the job?
Makina: ...Yeah. It was all new ta me, so keepin' everything straight was pretty hard, ya know...? But it was really fun, too.
Yuuji: That's good to hear. Think you'll stick with it?
Narration: *Although I've been making a conscious effort to trust Makina, I was pretty worried deep down. But from the way she's talking, it sounds like she was able to concentrate on the job.*
Makina: ...Ya know what? I think I might kinda like workin' at the bakery... There was all sortsa bread, and all sortsa different customers came... I talked to lotsa different people today about lotsa stuff...
Yuuji: What sort of people did you meet...?
Makina: Lotsa different kinds, ya know...? Like, a normal office worker lady, an' a mom an' her kid... an' this Filipino lady, an' a girl from China, an' a girl from Taiwan... Oh, and that trans-vess-tight lady from Thailand, too...
Yuuji: ...Sounds like you've got quite the pan-Asian clientele in there.
Makina: Yeah, I asked the owner 'bout that. He said it's kinda hard for foreign people ta buy stuff from th' supermarket... so I guess they go ta family shops instead...
Yuuji: Hmm... you don't say...?
Narration: *Come to think of it, this foreigner I knew once told me something...*
Narration: *A while ago, the tabloids and TV news shows made a habit of constantly reporting on "organized criminal activity" perpetrated by a small number of illegal immigrant workers―*
Narration: *As a result, people got this fixed idea about "groups of foreign shoplifters" roaming the supermarkets, and anyone who doesn't look Japanese enough still gets the stinkeye... Can make your weekly shopping trip feel really unpleasant.*
Makina: So anyway, I tried really hard at work, and th' owner gave me a whole buncha melon buns...
Narration: *The paper sack Makina's clutching in her arms is packed full of pastries. Judging from the intense sweet fragrance wafting from the buns, they're still hot from the oven.*
Makina: My stomach was growlin', so I thought about eatin' some on the way back, ya know...? But figgered I might as well eat 'em with everybody instead... 
Makina: With Papa... or Ama-nee... or Yumi-chan an' Chiruchiru an' Sacchin an' Chizuchizu... The people who're always lookin' after me, ya know?
Makina: Thought I could say "thanks for everythin', have a melon bun" or somethin'...
Makina: Hehehe... but on th' way back I got really sleepy alluva sudden... Sorta dozed off...
Makina: Ya know what...? I'm really grateful to everybody... I always wanna say "thanks," but... I don't really know how to get that across...  
Makina: But today... I kinda feel like I figured it out...
Makina: If I give 'em the buns... an' tell 'em I worked really hard to get these... tell 'em I did my best, an' I pulled it off... they'll definitely understand how I feel, right...?
Makina: That's what real gratitude is... That's what bein' thankful really means. I think I finally get it... An' that makes me happier than anythin' else that happened today...
Yuuji: I see... You did good, Makina. I'm sure they'll be happy.
Narration: *Like always, I drop a hand onto Makina's head and scratch vigorously, only to discover that her hair's moist with perspiration.*
Narration: *Although it's gotten a little cooler now that the sun's sinking, napping outside on a summer day probably had something to do with it―*
Narration: *But when I think of it as sweat the girl shed in her labors, for some reason there's a tight feeling in my chest.*
Narration: *"...She really did do her best..."*
Narration: *As the thought runs through my mind with a new ring of conviction, I look down to find Makina's head nodding back and forth unsteadily.*
Makina: ...Auu... noooo... I'm super... sleepy, ya know...?
Yuuji: That's all right, you can sleep. But can you get on my back first? I'll carry you to the dorm.
Makina: ...Yeah... Thanks, Papa...
Narration: *As the street fills with the pinkish glow of sunset and the cries of cicadas, I take the bag of melon buns from Makina's hands, then help her onto my back. *
Narration: *Her body's small, light, and ridiculously warm as always. I can already feel my back growing damp with sweat.*
Narration: *The girl's fast asleep before I can take a single step. She breathes through her nose steadily and quietly, every exhalation tickling the nape of my neck.*
Narration: *This habit of dozing off anywhere and any time is, as Amane puts it, probably a "mild case of narco-whatever." But it's not anything that unusual for me, since my big sister was just as abrupt a sleeper.*
Narration: *I think Makina's fundamentally pretty similar to her in this respect, actually...*
Narration: *My sister's brain ran on a higher-octane fuel than most people's, but the mileage wasn't great. Sometimes she'd sleep more than twelve hours in a single day―*
Narration: *And other times, I'd look over after a brief pause in a conversation to find she'd nodded off, after which she'd wake up only a minute or two later.*
Narration: *The only major point of difference is that she would nod off at fixed times every day. Makina's a lot less predictable, requiring much more careful attention.*
Narration: *Anyway, from what my sister told me when I was young, the heavy sleeping was necessary so that her unconscious mind could process the large amounts of information she absorbed while awake―*
Narration: *In other words, nothing to get too worried about.*
Yuuji: ...Whoops...
Narration: *Shifting the melon buns to a precarious one-arm grip, I reach around to halt Makina's limp slide down my back. After pushing her firmly onto my shoulders, I resume my slow, gentle walk back to the dorm, careful not to wake my passenger―*
Date: *July 24, 2011, 18:50 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *When I return to the dorm, Makina still clinging to my back, Amane comes out to meet us with undisguised relief on her face. And for some reason, all of our other classmates are waiting in the lobby as well.*
Narration: *Michiru, a vaguely crabby expression on her face, peers over my shoulder at Makina, asks "So she fell asleep after all?" in a sarcastic tone―*
Narration: *Then proceeds to poke at the girl's flabby little cheeks, mumble "What a hopeless kid," and break into a smile.*
Narration: *As for Sachi, she begins by offering me a polite bow and thanks for my efforts, then carefully removes Makina's boots one at a time and puts them away in the shoe rack at the side of the door.  *
Narration: *In their place, she takes Makina's favorite pair of slippers - the so-called "Terrible Twins," decorated with the snarling faces of two stuffed-animal tigers - and slides them onto her feet.*
Narration: *However, since the girl's still lying limp against my back, they flop right off and fall to the ground.*
Narration: *Sachi picks them up and puts them back on, not that it works any better the second or third time. Clumsily earnest, as always. Maybe someday she'll figure out that brute-force repetition doesn't compensate for a lack of strategy.*
Narration: *Lastly, there's Sakaki, her initially convincing show of indifference belied by a momentary glance away from the paperback in her hand―*
Narration: *Once her eyes find Makina sleeping on my back, she snorts softly and returns her glance to the book.*
Narration: *I think it's safe to say she was fairly concerned about Makina too, in her way.*
Narration: *It's about ten minutes after this little scene when the girl finally wakes up.*
Narration: *Her eyes blink open in my bed, where I'd tossed her soundly slumbering body as a temporary measure, and quickly find the large sack of melon buns sitting next to her pillow―  *
Narration: *Squirming out of the bed, she grabs the bag and scampers off to distribute them to the other residents of the dorm.*
Narration: *Amane and Sachi express their heartfelt thanks in voices choked with tears; Michiru offers "Well, I don't dislike melon buns," managing to convey sincere gratitude despite the standard veneer of arrogance.*
Narration: *Even Sakaki softly closes her book with a quiet "I see," stares Makina straight in the face, says "I'll accept that gratefully, then"―*
Narration: *And proceeds to dig into the pastry right then and there. I'm honestly a little surprised at first, but come to think of it, I guess that's sort of her style.*
Narration: *In summary, Makina's first day of part-time work, the subject of so much angst and anxiety, has come to a peaceful conclusion.*
Narration: *And that evening, Sakaki graciously allows Makina and Amane to take the first bath. The moment the girl's out, she runs down to the lobby where I've been waiting for my turn― *
Narration: *Then drops herself onto my lap with a solid "thump" and turns to face the television set. *
Sachi: ...Your lap seems to have been firmly established as Maki-chan's reserved seat, Kazami-san...
Narration: *As I answer Sachi's teasing comment with a wry smile, Makina grabs the remote control from the table and flips to the channel for her favorite show.*
Narration: *Chuckling softly, Sachi places a glass of Calpis diluted in water in front of Makina, then makes a swift exit.*
Narration: *Probably gone off to tidy up the mess Makina made in the bath before Sakaki takes her turn. The girl really is quite the attentive servant.*
Narration: *―Just as Sachi's disappearing up the stairs, Amane enters the lobby in the process of removing her apron.*
Amane: Y'know, you two kinda look like a real parent and child right now...
Narration: *For her part, the way Amane's striking up conversation with freshly washed tableware in her hands is also oddly domestic... She's the very image of a housewife.*
Yuuji: ...Do I look that old? Let's go with "siblings" instead. 
Amane: Well, what can I say? You have that crotchety "whippersnappers these days" side to your personality, and Makina's really immature for her age. I guess the contrast works against you.
Narration: *With this pronouncement, Amane heads back to her room with the stack of clean plates.*
Yuuji: ...Who're you calling crotchety, punk...?
Narration: *In the first place, it's not like I've experienced the world thoroughly enough to start passing judgment on "whippersnappers." Surely Makina's unusually childish behavior is the more relevant factor.*
Narration: *A good case in point: the girl's currently guzzling down a sweet, milky drink, mesmerized by the glow of the television screen, completely oblivious to the world around her.*
Narration: *―It occurs to me that if you cut out this one moment in time, it'd look like a pretty happy little game of house.*
Narration: *Honestly, I'm startled at my own behavior. Even though I understand that this is ultimately nothing more than a make-believe game, I can't seem to help surrendering myself to its lukewarm comforts...  *
Makina: Papa! Professor Dave is startin'!
Yuuji: ...Aah, so it is. What's the good Professor doing battle with today...?
Narration: *The Professor in question is the host of the American documentary show "Professor Dave's Amazing Animals," a man by the name of David McAllister―*
Narration: *This fearless individual apparently puts his life on the line on a weekly basis to provide his audience with reports on various dangerous animals, a formula that's proved highly popular with his audience of bloodthirsty children.*
Professor　Dave: Hey there, kids! As promised, today's show is a special on the mighty shark! 
Narration: *Clad stylishly in the tough survival gear of a seasoned adventurer (a Hawaiian shirt and cargo shorts), Professor Dave strides confidently along a beach―*
Narration: *Telling the kids in front of their TV sets all about sharks in a cheerful, enthusiastic monologue periodically interrupted by voice-overs that seem to be strategically covering up some overly frank observations.*
Professor　Dave: These last few years, sharks have had a lot of problems with their hunting grounds, so it's gotten less rare for them to wander down to the beach! We don't want our fun-filled vacations ruined by a shark attack, do we, kids!?  
Professor　Dave: Not to worry! That's what Professor Dave's here for! Today, I'm visiting this Shark World Center to teach all you kids in front of the TV how to fight back if a shark bites you!  
Narration: *Behind Professor Dave, equipped for his mission with flip-flops and a straw hat, an image of a large building appears with the words "Shark World Center" in bold red letters.*
Narration: *A voiceover informs us that the Center is an institution that looks after injured sharks who find their way into shallow coastal waters, helping them to heal and return to the sea―*
Narration: *Soon, the scene switches to Dave peering down into a massive water tank, where a great white shark that appears to be a good five meters in length quietly glides to and fro.*
Professor　Dave: How d'you like that!? This is the great white! Huge, isn't he!? All right then, let's have him bite us right away!
Narration: *―And as always, Professor Dave starts saying some crazy shit.*
Narration: *Every time I watch this show, I end up thinking "Isn't anyone going to stop this guy?" This week is no exception, as Dave promptly leaps into the shark tank with the bleeding, raw carcass of a cow clutched to his chest.*
Makina: ...Dave's amazin'... Yer so amazin', Dave... I could never pull that off!
Yuuji: Yeah, let's not try...
Narration: *As if on cue, a disingenuous warning clearly inserted by some long-suffering network lawyer flashes across the bottom of the screen: "Hey kids! Never try this at home! That's a promise with Professor Dave!"*
Narration: *Then again, I sort of feel like any kids stupid enough to try and imitate this stunt should be firmly roped to a hospital bed in the first place.*
Professor　Dave: Ohohoh! Looks like our shark's caught the scent of blood... Here he comes! 
Narration: *Seconds after Dave hits the water, the great white slowly turns its massive head in the direction of bloody carcass, then begins to steadily home in on the smell.*
Narration: *The Professor holds out the slab of raw meat to the approaching predator, who promptly takes a violent bite, beginning the "experiment."*
Professor　Dave: Wowwww! This is crazy! What power! But you can't get flustered now, kids! A shark's teeth are sharp as knives, so if you panic and try to pull yourself free you'll get badly injured!
Professor　Dave: The first and most important thing to remember is: don't panic! And take a look at this! Can you see, kids? Here, the little spots on the tip of the shark's nose!
Professor　Dave: Right under there, the shark has an organ called the "Ampullae of Lorenzini!" Just give him a good whack here with your fist!
Narration: *Professor Dave demonstrates by launching a vigorous rain of blows on the thrashing ichthyoid, his hearty battle cries partially drowned out by a series of electronic bleeps. Soon enough, he's beaten the beast into ignominious retreat.  *
Professor　Dave: How do you like that, kids? Of course, you shouldn't go swimming in places where you might run into sharks in the first place...
Professor　Dave: But if you're unlucky enough to run into one, don't panic and don't thrash around, even if he bites you! Give it to him right in his Lorenzini! Got that!?
Makina: Oooh... I've gotten a little wiser in th' ways of the world once more... Pro-fess-er Dave really is amazing, ya know?
Yuuji: ...This show's as over-the-top as ever...
Narration: *But in the man's defense, "Professor Dave's Amazing Animals" isn't just selling cheap thrills. The latter half of the program always transitions to a serious, emotional animal story of some sort.*
Narration: *In fact, you could call the Extreme Experiments in the first part of the show bait Dave uses to get the kids' attention, with the real heart of the program coming in the latter half.*
Professor　Dave: Amazing Animals! Don't touch that dial!
Narration: *―Even the Professor currently flashing a cheerful victory sign to the screen puts aside his cocky persona in the second half of the program, talking gently with an earnest expression on his face.*
Narration: *The mini-documentary this week tells the story of a fawn that lost its parents at a young age.*
Narration: *The camera traces the animal's struggle to get by on its own after its mother and father are eaten by lions. But in the end, it too dies, never having been taught the skills necessary to survive. Fairly harsh stuff, really.*
Makina: ............
Narration: *Still clenching the empty glass of Calpis in one stubby little hand, Makina stares intently at the screen, watching the little deer's final moments so quietly she almost seems to be holding her breath.*
Makina: ...Hey... Papa...?
Yuuji: Hm? What...?
Makina: You're not gonna... die... an' leave me on my own, right...?
Narration: *All of a sudden, the cheerful girl on my lap is hanging her head miserably, fat tears rolling over her cheeks.*
Narration: *They're not tears of pity for the doomed fawn on the television set. They're the selfish, fearful tears of a child, comparing her own circumstances with those of that starving, lonely animal.*
Makina: Hey... you won't die, right...?
Narration: *She repeats the words, her quavering voice pressing me for an answer.*
Narration: *...It's not like I can possibly guarantee that... No matter what I promise the girl today, I'll die when it's my time to die...*
Narration: *And yet―*
Yuuji: Don't worry. I won't die...
Narration: *From what I read in those documents, Makina saw her own father die before her eyes when she was just a child.*
Narration: *So I have no choice but to speak these words. Even if they're groundless, irresponsible lies, there's just nothing else I can do.*
Yuuji: Do I look like I'm going to kick the bucket that easily? I'll keep you safe, and I won't die no matter what. You have my word on that.
Makina: ...Really...?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's a promise.
Makina: ...*Sniffle*...
Narration: *But the words alone don't seem enough to earn her trust. Makina gulps down a big, shuddering breath and bites her lower lip, the tears still sliding down her face. *
Yuuji: ...Come on, seriously? How do I get you to stop crying...?
Makina: ...Uhm, well... if you give me a kiss, maybe I'll stop...
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *"...Crafty little twerp... Where the hell did she pick that up? Wait... as if I really have to ask..." *
Narration: *I turn my eyes upward in disgust, trying to burn a hole through the ceiling to where Amane's no doubt humming obliviously and putting away her dishes.*
Yuuji: ...All right, Makina. Close your eyes.
Makina: ...Huh? O-Okay...
Narration: *Standing the girl in front of me, I wait for her eyes to fall shut, then grab her firmly around the ears with both hands and bite vigorously into her head.*
Makina: Gya! Gyaaaaaa!! H-He's eatin' meeeeeeeee!!!
Yuuji: Men are all wolves! Play around too much and you'll get eaten right up!
Narration: *My point made, I resume grinding my teeth against Makina's scalp.*
Makina: Gyaaaaaaaa!! Save me, Dave!! Whuh!? That's right!! The Am-pooley of Lorenzini!! Take that!!
Narration: *Even as I gnaw away at her cranium, Makina flings up her arms in desperate resistance.*
Narration: *Poorly developed as she may be, the girl isn't a child; and although she obviously wasn't intending a full-force attack, one punch just so happens to land nicely on the bridge of my nose.*
Yuuji: Ow! Damn it! You little punk...!
Makina: Kyaaaaaah! I'mmmm beeeiiiin' strippppedddd!! Gyahahahahahaha!!!
Michiru: What the heck are you two doing...?
Yuuji: Is your vision going already? We're playing the "Men are all Wolves" game, obviously.
Michiru: ...Why are you taking off Makina's clothes?
Yuuji: Because I'm a wolf.
Makina: Because I'm a pitiful lamb!!
Michiru: ...What sort of rules does this "game" have...?
Makina: Oh? Ya wanna join in, Chiruchiru?
Michiru: O-Of course not! I haven't even taken my bath yet!
Makina: Oh? So yer up for it once ya get nice and clean?
Michiru: Th-That's SO not what I meant!! Why the heck would I play along with this creepy rape fantasy!? 
Makina: It's prrrretty thrillin', ya know?
Michiru: Th... buh... uhm...! W-Whatever, fine! You two can do whatever you want! I-I'm going to take a bath!
Makina: Oh? No kiddin'? All right then, make sure ya get yer happy hole sparklin' clean. 
Michiru: Wha-! I said I'm not doing it, all right!? Aaarrgh! Try listening for once in your life!! Hmph!!
Makina: Hmm? Why'd that girl get all red an' angry alluva sudden? I don't get it. 
Yuuji: Don't ask me. Maybe that's just how tsunderes are? 
Makina: Them tsunderes sure are a pain in the ass!
Yuuji: Have to agree with you there...
Narration: *By the time our little routine finally winds down, the hour hand's crawled past ten. Makina keeps watching television for a while after Professor Dave signs off, but soon enough she's nodded off in my lap.*
Narration: *Her soft body, now completely slack against mine, is weirdly warm as always. Wish the girl could turn down her body temperature a little... Hold on to her too long and you end up overheated.*
Amane: Hm? What? Makina fell asleep?
Yuuji: Yeah. Guess I'll go carry her to the room and dump her in bed... 
Narration: *When I lift Makina up off me, her head flops over like an infant's, limbs dangling down like the feelers of some torpid jellyfish.*
Yuuji: ...Ah, dammit... the girl's too damn limp. I can't get a decent grip...
Amane: Heh. Well, Makina supposedly did ballet as a kid. Maybe that's got something to do with it?
Yuuji: Ballet? Hmm...
Narration: *I guess it's not surprising that the daughter of a filthy rich family might get a few lessons.*
Narration: *Actually, Makina's a lot more agile and quick on her feet than you might expect... If she was trained in ballet as a kid, that might more or less explain it.*
Yuuji: ...Whoops...
Narration: *As I finally manage to hoist Makina up into my arms in the classic "Bridal Carry," one of her stubby little hands clutches tightly at my shirt. Seems to be an unconscious reflex, since the girl herself is still thoroughly out of it.*
Amane: Ahaha... you got caught. She might keep that up for a good thirty minutes if you're not lucky, you know? Oh, and if you try ripping her hand off, she'll instantly burst into tears.
Yuuji: ...Fantastic. Guess I don't have any choice but to stay next to her until she falls asleep for real, then...
Amane: Why not just get in bed with her like that?
Yuuji: Can you not say things like that so casually...? And while you're at it, do me a favor and stop teaching Makina weird crap... 
Amane: Hmmmm? Like what?
Yuuji: Girl tried this "I'll stop crying if you kiss me" number out on me... Sounded exactly like you, Amane.
Amane: Oh come on, must you blame me for everything? I don't remember teaching her anything like that.
Yuuji: Makina's brain is like a sponge, remember? Have to be careful or she'll pick up that nonsense before you know it...
Amane: ...Heheh...
Yuuji: What's so funny?
Amane: Somehow, you really do seem like a dad all of a sudden.
Yuuji: Hmph. In what respect?
Amane: Oh, I don't know. The way you got flustered when she asked you for a kiss?
Yuuji: ...That was just the common-sense reaction to the situation.
Amane: Really now. So what if I asked for a kiss? What would you do then?
Yuuji: Take out my wallet and ask "How much?"
Amane: Come on, even I'm not gonna demand money for that... You can totally kiss me if you want, okay? On the house.
Yuuji: There's no such thing as a free lunch...
Amane: ...Geez. You've got no guts, you know that?
Yuuji: It's worked out for me so far.
Narration: *I carry my floppy burden to Amane's room on the second floor and deposit it on the bed; but just as I was warned, a good thirty minutes pass without Makina's deathgrip on my clothes weakening in the slightest.  *
Narration: *When the girl finally sinks into full-fledged sleep, her hand slips free. Seizing my chance, I quietly rise from her bedside and return to my room...*

Date: *July 31, 2011, 07:10 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *―When women are in a bad mood, they eat nothing but salad for breakfast. A simple, valuable rule of thumb I learned from my time with JB.*
Narration: *Every once in a while she'd stumble bleary-eyed into the room in her favorite cow-print pajamas, scratching at her shaggy head, then narrow her already menacing eyes to dagger-sharp slits and mumble "Just salad for me..."*
Narration: *Of course, we're talking about Harudera Yuria here, a personage renowned as "Queen Hysteria" in her professional life. In deference to that noble title, on such mornings I would quietly resolve not to oppose her―*
Narration: *But for some reason, we always ended up fighting anyway. Quite the mysterious phenomenon.*
Michiru: ...What? What d'you think you're staring at?
Yuuji: Nothing in particular.
Narration: *Maybe blond women are just cranky in the mornings by default? But then again, I guess Michiru is always more or less like this...*
Narration: *Even if I went out of my way to be kind and solicitous now, she'd probably interpret it as condescension and flip out.*
Narration: *That said, the alternate approach - remarks to the effect of "Quit your bitching," "Go get laid for once," or perhaps "Your womb's going to shrivel up unless you get it a little attention every once in a while" - is equally problematic.*
Narration: *In my experience, such frank but well-intentioned advice is met only with a flash of lightning-like wrath from above. In other words, the only winning move in this game is not to play.*
Narration: *As my predecessor once put it, "Noblemen and hysterical women will have their way. Don't get too worked up about it." And I've never had cause to doubt the soundness of her judgment in this matter.*
Narration: *Accordingly, while the question "Why the hell is this girl eating breakfast in my room?" may be floating through my mind at the moment, I judge it wisest to maintain my silence.*
Michiru: Okay, what am I supposed to do!? Sachi went out this morning. You telling me to skip breakfast and starve to death!?  
Yuuji: Look, I didn't say a word...
Michiru: What the heck!? If you have something to say, then just spit it out already! You're seriously pissing me off! 
Narration: *Can someone please explain to me why blond women all say the same damn things? You'd think they were all reading from one script...*
Narration: *Don't tell me there's some sort of "Little Red Book for Blonds" secretly circulating among the fair-haired population, and they're all living in accordance with its teachings?*
Amane: Hey, Michiru, what do you think of this bread? Pretty good, right?
Michiru: Ah, yeah, it's good stuff. Thanks again... I feel a little bad for just showing up all of a sudden.
Amane: It wasn't a surprise or anything. Sacchan came by my room last night and politely asked me to "Please take care of Michiru-sama's breakfast," you know?
Michiru: ...Huh? Seriously!?
Yuuji: In other words, Sachi predicted that the moment she left the dorm you'd go sponge off Amane like the helpless freeloader you are. Seems the girl knows you well.  
Michiru: S-Shaddup, you! I can cook just fine, all right!? I'm just choosing not to!!
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Freakishly enough, I can remember JB once saying exactly the same thing. At this point, I'm about ready to wonder if that secret instruction manual really does exist.*
Narration: *But if so―*
Yuuji: ...Michiru, my friend, I foresee trouble in your future. I see you drunk on cheap sake, lazily slapping together some "home cooking," then coercively demanding "Well!? Delicious, huh!? It's delicious, right!?" of your victims―
Yuuji: On top of it all, I see you passing out on the sofa without bothering to put away the dishes or clean the kitchen... Yes, I'm afraid there's a good chance you're going to become a complete nuisance of a woman...
Michiru: ...Wha!? What... What the heck!? Since when can you see the future!?!
Amane: Aah... come to think of it, we did have that one little incident with you, didn't we, Michiru? 
Amane: I think you got inspired by some cooking manga or something? All of a sudden it's "I'll make dinner today!" And before I know it, the kitchen's a complete mess. Remember that?  
Michiru: Guh... B-But I did make the Salisbury steak just fine, right!? Everyone said it was totally delicious! 
Amane: Mmm... well, it wasn't bad by your standards, but... I ended up having to make the potato salad, and Sacchan got stuck cleaning up that disaster zone in the kitchen, you know?
Michiru: Big deal! I totally did the cooking part just fine!
Amane: Listen carefully, Michiru-chan. Cleaning up after yourself is a part of cooking, okay? Didn't they teach you in school that the trip's not over until you're safe at home?
Michiru: Do you have to say that like you're gently lecturing a dimwitted three-year-old!?! 
Yuuji: Come now, Amane, I think you've made your point. In any case, it's interesting to hear that Michiru really can cook. I'd like to try that Salisbury steak myself sometime.
Michiru: ...Huh? R-Really...?
Amane: Excuse me, Yuuji... Can you stop trying to wrap things up by feeding the girl a bunch of insincere lip service?
Amane: What're you planning to do if Michiru swallows your nonsense and announces "I'm gonna make lunch today!" or something? Sacchan's not around today, and I'm busy myself, you know?
Michiru: ...Hey, Amane? I'm right here, you know? Could you be a little less ruthless, maybe...?
Yuuji: So anyway, where's Sachi wandered off to first thing in the morning?
Amane: Hm? Didn't she tell you? There's a festival at the shrine today. Sacchan went to help them set up.
Yuuji: Ah... a festival, is it...?
Narration: *When I was cutting through the area around the shrine on my run with Makina this morning, I did hear the sound of a group practicing with flutes and drums or something... They must've been rehearsing for the main event.*
Yuuji: Now that you mention it, Makina kept yelping "Summa zesty-vole" and "Don bance" this morning―
Yuuji: I assumed that was more of her cryptic nonsense and ignored it, but I guess she must have meant "summer festival" and "bon dance"...
Amane: Yep, no doubt. The shopping district is joining in the festival as well, so Sacchan went to help them set up the tents and towers or whatever...
Amane: And Makina's off at the chili dog stand her bakery's setting up. I'm gonna be heading out soon myself to help make the pork miso soup they'll be giving out for free at the children's events.
Yuuji: Hoh... pretty admirable contributions to your town for such an insolent bunch. Not bad.
Amane: Yeah, I guess. Mihama Academy might be sitting on reclaimed land, but we're still part of our town.
Yuuji: Well, I firmly approve of putting down roots in the broader community.
Narration: *To rephrase that - if we don't pitch in with this sort of straightforward community service, Mihama will probably get a reputation as some secretive school where god-knows-what goes on.*
Narration: *I mean, it's not like our budget's coming out of the public coffers, so I doubt we'd get protesters with placards hurling eggs over the gate... but still, putting a little effort into PR can't hurt.*
Michiru: ...What the heck...? Way to make me sound like the bad guy for not doing anything...
Yuuji: I wasn't really implying anything... I mean, it's not like Sakaki's doing anything either, right?
Amane: Well, Sakaki-san is sort of the sponsor, you know? There's tons of East Beach Group banners dangling from the streetlights in the shopping district right now. Can't miss them, really.
Michiru: ...Tch... So it's all good if you just throw a little money around, huh...? 
Amane: Oh, and apparently the chairman of the shopping district asked her to be a judge for some singing contest they're holding this afternoon. Y'know, as a representative of East Beach.  
Amane: I guess she was planning to refuse at first, but never quite managed to work up the guts to say "no." So yeah, I don't think she's just lazing around either.
Michiru: N-Nuh...
Amane: "Nuh" doesn't cut it, missy. If you've got the time, come help out like the rest of us. There's tons of work to do for the children's festival, you know? 
Amane: You could make cotton candy and hand it out, or help give the kids with prize tickets an assortment of sweets... Oh, this year there's a goldfish scooping ticket too, so maybe you could be a goldfish lady?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... Michiru in one of those light blue happi coats...? Might work for you. Yeah, go for the goldfish lady. You're a blond, so the coloration works... And somehow, I can really picture you as a carny's daughter.
Michiru: You were trying to make that sound like a compliment, but I sort of feel like it isn't!!
Yuuji: No, no. Selling chicks that cost practically nothing to dumb kids really does seem like it would suit you... Or maybe running one of those semi-fraudulent diecutting stalls where the prizes are entirely at the owner's discretion?
Michiru: Are you insulting me!? You totally are, aren't you!?
Amane: Now, now, let's all just calm down. Come help me out later if you have some free time, okay?
Michiru: Yeah, fine! It's not like I've got anything better to do! I can't stand kids, but I'll help out anyway!
Amane: What about you, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Hrm... I've got nothing to do either, so I'll help out if there're any jobs where a little physical power might come in handy.
Amane: Then how about helping out Sacchan? Setting up a tower seems pretty hard and all.
Yuuji: Roger.
Amane: In that case, let's finish up breakfast quickly and get going. Michiru, want a refill on that milk? Another slice of bread, maybe? It's pretty tasty stuff, isn't it?
Michiru: Sure, it's tasty! Guess I'll have some more! If you're offering!
Amane: I don't have the slightest clue what you're angry about, but incidentally, Makina's the one who made that bread.
Michiru: ...Bwhoh!! Wha! Huh!? Seriously!?
Amane: I bought a bread maker yesterday, you know? Makina kneaded up a whole bunch of dough this morning and we tried baking some right away. Came out pretty darn good, right?
Michiru: Hmph. So it's just the machine doing all the work, then! Even I could make tasty bread if I had a good machine!
Amane: But unlike you, Makina cleaned up the kitchen after she was done.
Michiru: Uguh!!
Amane: Uguh don't cut it, missy.
Narration: *And so, having partaken of our morning repast, we immediately head out to assist the local festivities, with Michiru and Amane joining the event staff for the children's festival.*
Narration: *They proceed to brandish sticks at a group of innocent neighborhood children gathered in short-sleeved happi coats, forcing these little captives to parade through the town dragging a float that must be over three tons in weight.  *
Narration: *This seemingly meaningless exercise in sadism, roughly equivalent to the classic "dig a hole and fill it back up again" number, does serve a certain purpose―*
Narration: *Namely, helping these impressionable youths understand "It's pointless to resist adults," and providing them an early introduction to the "carrot and stick" principle that ultimately governs our world.*
Narration: *Still, from what I hear Amane proved extremely popular with the kids, especially the older grade school boys.*
Narration: *Most likely, a few local children were given a jump start on the road toward puberty, internalizing the sad law that governs our gender: "Obey the breasts."*
Narration: *In the meanwhile, my spur of the moment assistance was directed toward the area reserved for the bon dance, where apparently they were eager for male help.*
Narration: *I hurried to the plot of land being used for the purpose, still in my uniform. There, I discovered Sachi, in full maid dress despite the brutal heat, swinging a scythe around like a Grim Reaper made flesh―*
Narration: *Straightening from her labors, she offered me a deep nod, the words "Thank you for coming" spoken in the tone of a commander at Luzon greeting his reinforcements, and a sickle of my own, politely pressing me into immediate service.*
Narration: *The tower for the dance itself was already standing tall in the middle of the plot, and the neighborhood council's tents had been set up; the only pressing business remaining was mowing down the weeds on the edges of the area.*
Narration: *My allies in this task, apart from the indomitable maid already mentioned, included older ladies in sweatpants with towels wrapped around their head to ward off the sun―*
Narration: *And here and there, a few younger housewives in fashionable sports gear and sun visors, looking as though they'd just wandered out of a yoga class. *
Narration: *A wise man once said, "Our nation's greatest national security threats are the weeds that keep sprouting up in our maneuvering grounds no matter how many damn times we cut them down," or so I'm told―*
Narration: *But it seems as though this invasion of thick wild grasses hasn't confined its intolerable aggression to military targets.*
Narration: *We have a word for those who invade our territory: "enemies." Watched over by the blazing-hot gaze of the sun, I quietly wield my scythe in devoted pursuit of the national interest.*
Narration: *Although I had my doubts about this slapdash approach of readying the venue on the day of the event itself, after about two hours of reaping, we've got ourselves a perfectly respectable venue for a bon dance.*
Narration: *With all the construction work complete, the council's just beginning to test its speaker equipment―*
Narration: *Having returned our tools to a nearby storehouse, Sachi and I accept canned soft drinks from a plastic pail full of ice, then soothe our parched throats as we towel the sweat off our foreheads.  *
Sachi: Allow me to express my personal gratitude for your assistance, Kazami-san. Thanks to you, we were able to finish the preparations well ahead of schedule.
Yuuji: Hrm... have to say, though, waiting till the day of the festival to mow the grounds strikes me as a little reckless.
Sachi: Well, even if you mow the plot a week before the event, the weeds will simply grow right back again... And the shopkeepers all have their stores to attend to, so this neighborhood is fundamentally lacking in male volunteers.
Yuuji: Makes sense, I guess...
Sachi: It's rather unusual for a young man to offer his assistance, so the members of the Women's Association were quite grateful to you, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Mowing down weeds is one thing I'm used to. Not a problem.
Sachi: Incidentally, several members of the Association asked me if you were my boyfriend.
Yuuji: Hoh... and what did you tell them?
Sachi: I answered: "Please don't spread it around."
Yuuji: Uh, how about denying it...?
Narration: *...Then again, if she just shook her head with those expressionless glass-bead eyes and said "No, just a classmate," I'd probably end up feeling pretty melancholy. The human male is a pretty selfish creature...*
Makina: Papaaaa!!!
Yuuji: Oh, if it isn't Makina! Haven't seen you in ages! Since this morning, specifically.
Makina: Yoh! Reunited at last! Ya weren't cheatin' on me while I was gone, were ya? Well? Huh!?
Yuuji: Caught me red-handed. I was just now flirting around with our friend Sachi here.
Makina: Say whaaat!?
Sachi: ...Uhm... we were only talking, actually... There wasn't any real "cheating" involved, so...
Makina: Grrrm... Well, if it's Sacchin yer messin' around with, I guess it's cool...
Yuuji: Seriously?
Sachi: ...Uhm... what are you up to, Maki-chan? Already finished at the bakery?
Yuuji: Oh? Look at you blatantly changing the subject.
Sachi: Kazami-san, would you please explain to me why you always feel the need to inconsiderately blurt out things better left unsaid without even trying to phrase things somewhat diplomatically?
Sachi: Maki-chan has officially sanctioned your adulterous urges under the condition that I be your partner, so why not try putting aside that apathetic facade for once? Come, let us "mess around" together!
Makina: I'll permit a blowjob or two, but no kissin' and no goin' all the way!
Yuuji: What the hell are you saying...?
Makina: Yowwie!
Yuuji: Don't say stuff like that to Sachi! She'll take it seriously! What are you going to do if I wake up tomorrow morning to find the girl sitting on her heels at my bedside with a box of tissues in her lap?
Makina: Ah, right... I guess that'd be stealin' one of Ama-nee's jobs, huh?
Yuuji: That's not the issue here, okay!?
Narration: *For one thing, even Amane isn't quite that "convenient" a woman... *
Sachi: ...Uhm... if such a scenario is to your liking, Kazami-san... I don't particularly...
Yuuji: Okay, stop squirming around and blushing. Don't take her stupid jokes seriously, all right? I have my hands full with Amane... I'll pass on any more sluts in my life.
Amane: Hmmm? Was somebody talking about me?
Yuuji: Oh, if it isn't Amane. What a coincidence. I was just mentioning how I don't need other women with you around.
Amane: Okay, I get the feeling you've twisted the conversation in a slightly self-serving way, but I guess I'll let it slide this time.
Yuuji: You finished up with the children's events already?
Amane: For the time being, I think we've helped as much as we can help. How about you guys?
Yuuji: Sachi and I helped get the venue set up. Went pretty smoothly.
Makina: I finished up my shift fer the mornin', an' the afternoon person showed up ta take over, so I'm done too!
Amane: Okay then. Guess we should return to the dorm for now, take a bath, then get into our yukata?
Makina: Ohoh! Yukata roleplayin' time, right!? Let's do the Evil Magistrate game while we're changin', just like last year!
Yuuji: Damn, sounds like fun. Let me pull on your sashes too.
Sachi: ...Uhhhhm... I hate to interrupt while everyone's getting along so nicely, but... where is Michiru-sama, and what is she doing...?
Amane: Ah... right, I completely forgot about her.
Yuuji: Come to think of it, that bottle-blond isn't around. What's her deal?
Amane: Hey, it was actually a huge help having Michiru with us, you know? She was doing her "Don't get the wrong idea!" thing every time she handed out candy. The kids just loved her!
Amane: I guess we're in a tsundere boom these days after all? I mean, the children were seriously going nuts...
Amane: They kept running after her, yelling "Michiruuu!" And then she'd turn around and go "Excuse me!? Who said you could use my first name!? I don't remember becoming your girlfriend or anything!"
Amane: Of course, that just got them even more fired up! They were all over her! You wouldn't believe it!
Amane: ...So, uh, the girl got a little carried away. Put on this giant goldfish costume and tried performing an original dance outside the scooping booth... No idea what she was thinking. Ended up getting heatstroke...  
Amane: Right now, I guess she's probably cooling off in the kiddie pool, having electrolyte solution poured down her throat?
Sachi: That's an extremely serious matter...!
Makina: What's the deal with Chiruchiru, anyway? At this point, I'm really leanin' toward somethin' bein' seriously off in her cranium.
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *The scene flashes before my eyes: Michiru stretched out limply in a giant goldfish costume, half-submerged in a plastic kiddie pool, kids dumping water over her head using plastic pails...*
Narration: *I feel like this might actually have exceeded "surreal" and looped back around to become something of a pleasant little image. *
Sachi: Uhm, I think I'd like to check up on Michiru-sama... Where is she at the moment?
Amane: You know where the children's hall is, by the side of the shrine? They're doing the goldfish scooping over there, so I think she'll be off nearby in the shade.
Sachi: Understood. Well then, if you'll please excuse me...
Makina: Sacchin's a real worrywart, ain't she?
Yuuji: Maybe she just wants to watch Michiru flopping around weakly? I wouldn't mind seeing that myself.
Makina: Ooh. Yer gonna amuse yerself by dumpin' water over her face, right? I'm a little interested as well, ya know! We can all look at Chiruchiru goin' "Glub blub" and say "Har har hardy har!" Sounds like fun ta me.  
Amane: Are you people demons or what?
Yuuji: What, you're not coming along? Too bad. Guess we'll have to go by ourselves, Makina.
Makina: Yeah! Let's get goin'! Papa, buy me one of them ice creams that snap in the middle, okay!? We can split it!
Yuuji: Hrm... very well. Guess I'll buy Michiru and Sachi some while I'm at it.
Amane: Ah! Heeey!! Are you trying to leave me behind!? Wait up, I'm coming too!!
Narration: *We conclude our slightly hectic afternoon by retrieving Michiru (as expected, thoroughly transformed into a water toy by the local children), then temporarily return to the dorm to ready ourselves for the festival proper.*
Narration: *―As the first hint of twilight begins to creep into the sky, the squawking of birds returning to their nests fills the air.*
Narration: *The sound's abruptly washed out by the rapid popping of a five-stage "Thunder" firework, reminiscent of a bursting mortar shell - a notification that everything's gone off as planned, marking the official beginning of the festival.*
Makina: Papa! Lookit me, lookit me!!
Yuuji: Oh? Japanese clothes really do suit a stumpy little barrel like you, don't they?
Makina: ...Issat supposed ta be a compliment?
Yuuji: Here, let me get a better look... Hey, you've got this thing on pretty well, don't you? Did Amane put it on for you?
Amane: Makina's yukata has a pre-tied sash, so it's not too hard to get it on.
Yuuji: Hoh... does that mean your sash is the real deal, Amane?
Amane: Well, duh. Where I come from, you can't get away with the pre-tied version after grade school, you know? By middle school you'll get laughed out of the festival unless you show up with a real one.
Makina: ...<Oh fuck>... My pride's in tatters, ya know?
Amane: Hey, it's fine in your case. That thing suits your height and figure best anyway. And you're always messing up your yukata anyway, so a looser sash is perfect.
Makina: ...Well, whatever, I guess it's all good. Easier ta slip it off that way, right?
Makina: Also, Ama-nee's wearin' panties, an' she's got a towel wrapped around her tummy. But I'm goin' totally commando, ya know? Another ad-van-tidge!  
Yuuji: Sorry, what exactly are you supposed to be competing at here...?
Makina: Anyway! As a mat-eery-ul-istick modern kid who hasn't even tried to learn a thing about our religious heritage or whatnot, I gotta admit I don't have a friggin' clue what this here festival's supposed to be celebratin' or whatever―
Makina: But if nothin' else, I'm no slouch when it comes to enjoyin' my festivals to th' fullest, ya know?
Yuuji: I don't really get it, but you certainly do seem pretty fired up...
Michiru: Geh! What's with the goldfish pattern on that yukata, Makina!? Is this your way of harassing me!?
Makina: Ohh, it's Chiruchiru. Slept off yer goldfish hangover?
Michiru: I wasn't goldfish-drunk in the first place! I got friggin' heatstroke! And frankly, I've seen more than enough goldfish for one day!
Makina: Welp, Ama-nee picked out this yukata for me th' other day... But maybe we shoulda gone with the fuckin' pandas pattern after all?
Yuuji: ...The hell kind of a pattern is that...?
Amane: Okay, so when we went to the draper, there was this one yukata with these cute little panda bears having a friendly wrestle―
Amane: And all of a sudden Makina yells "I like this one with th' pandas gettin' it on," and I just couldn't unsee it... 
Amane: So I ended up going with a nice safe pattern instead, but the goldfish aren't bad either, right? See, look at this. Makina's sash has this round fluffy part in the back, just like a ribbontail! Pretty cute, right?
Yuuji: Hrm... in combination with those pigtail "spoilers" and the cylindrical design of the clothes, it kind of resembles a vectoring nozzle. Stirs the male soul. No doubt it'll prove useful for precision maneuvering in a zero-g environment.
Amane: Yes, great. I was asking if it looked cute, okay?
Yuuji: Hrm... I see. You look cute, Makina.
Makina: ...Huh? Really...? Ehehe?
Yuuji: Yours looks great as well, Amane. I'm honestly impressed.
Amane: Huh...? Ah, yeah... thanks...
Yuuji: And as for you, Michiru... The usual outfit, I see.
Michiru: So what!? It's not like I've never worn a yukata before, okay!? I just happened not to bother today! What, you want me to wear one that badly? Is that it!? Mukiiiiiiiiiii!!  
Yuuji: I wasn't really telling you to put one on. Just saying.
Amane: More importantly, where are the other girls?
Makina: Oh, Yumi-chan went out a little earlier in a yukata. I don't really get it, but I guess she's pourin' drinks in a tent where a buncha local big shots are gatherin'.
Makina: She stomped out with this suuuper bitter look on her face, though. Ain't gettin' waited on by a woman with that sorta scowl just gonna make the sake taste bad?
Amane: Geez, poor girl can't even enjoy a festival in peace... 
Makina: Welp, when ya got a family like that ya just gotta deal with it!
Yuuji: And? What about Sachi?
Michiru: Why are you looking at me? I mean, I do know where she is, but still...
Michiru: Sachi's going around locking up the dorm since everybody's gonna be out at once, that's all.
Sachi: ...Why, speak of the devil. It is I, Komine Sachi.
Yuuji: Same old maid uniform, huh...
Narration: *Won't deny I was a little curious to see how Sachi'd pull off a yukata, but I guess I should've known better...*
Sachi: What are you saying, Kazami-san? It may initially appear to be a mere maid uniform, but looks can be deceiving! This summer model was designed to facilitate action in tropical jungles, offering unsurpassed protection against heat and...  
Yuuji: No, it's fine, you don't have to say the whole thing...
Narration: *I give up. Go wander off to Saipan or Guadalcanal or wherever...*
Amane: Okay then! Everyone's gathered up and all, so let's set out for the festival!
Makina: Yahhhhhhhh!!!!
Narration: *Roaring like a paratrooper leaping out of a plane, Makina slips into her geta sandals and bursts out of the dorm, clattering noisily with every step.*
Amane: Oh, come on! If you run you're gonna fall, you know!?
Narration: *Amane hastens after Makina, a wry smile on her face, and the rest of us follow her lead.*
Date: *July 31, 2011, 19:15 - Mishima Cape - Station Area*
Narration: *Maybe the primitive rhythms of drums and flutes naturally stir up the human heart. The shopping district, now transformed into the venue for a festival, is crowded with unusually lively people.*
Makina: Summa zesty-vole!!
Amane: Okay, look. How many times do I have to tell you it's "summer festival?" I mean, why d'your words always get all mangled up like that, anyway?
Makina: Ah! Lookit, lookit! Wassat!?
Amane: Ah! Hey! Geez! C'mon! I keep telling you not to run!! Where are you going!? 
Michiru: Hmph. I thought she might become a little more mature now that she's started working part-time, but it looks like Makina's still just a child after all.
Sachi: Oh? And are you an adult yourself, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: Well, I suppose that depends on how you define an "adult." I think people have different scales of maturity...
Michiru: But at the very least, I don't get completely delirious with excitement over a few festival booths!
Yuuji: Well, it'd definitely be a little weird if you started running around shrieking with Makina, but that's a little thin as justification for this whole big sister act...
Sachi: More than anything else, the comment reveals Michiru-sama's astoundingly low standard of "maturity"... 
Michiru: H-Hmph, nice try! I'm not enough of a kid to flip out over a cheap insult like that!
Sachi: Oh my... You truly have matured, Michiru-sama. I would never have expected such a remark from an individual who was only this morning pulling along a float with the children, laughing and shrieking.
Sachi: To think, you matured so dramatically in only a few short hours... It's almost as though you're a completely different person. I'm deeply moved by your rapid personal growth.
Michiru: Th-That's not true! I'm me, all right!?
Amane: Hey there, Yuujiii. Got a second? You know this stuff?
Yuuji: ...Hm? Looks like "apricot candy"... What about it?
Amane: Look, this is pretty clearly a candied plum on a stick, right? So why do we call it "apricot candy?"
Yuuji: Uh, what? I don't have a clue... Why don't you try asking the guy running the stall?
Amane: I did. But all he said was "Can't say as I know. That's just how it is, little lady"...
Yuuji: I guess that's just how it is, then. Why are you so curious about this all of a sudden, anyway?
Amane: Well, I mean, Makina asked me and I couldn't come up with a decent answer either.
Yuuji: I see... Well, I'll look it up later and let you know.
Yuuji: Speaking of Makina, wasn't she with you? Where'd she go?
Amane: Ah! She's gone! That girl wandered off by herself yet again!
Amane: Maaaakinaaaa!?
Yuuji: Honestly... for someone who's supposedly so afraid of strangers, she's weirdly adventurous...
Sachi: Has Maki-chan disappeared...?
Yuuji: Nothing to worry about. I'll track her down in no time. You just enjoy the festival.
Michiru: Right, right. Why don't we adults recline leisurely under a parasol and sup on shaved i... frappes? That's the refined way to enjoy a festival.
Sachi: ...Why did you just rephrase that mid-sentence?
Yuuji: Come on, are you really going to point that out? Have a little pity...
Sachi: In other words, you think refined "adults" refer to shaved ice as a "frappe," Michiru-sama...?
Michiru: Y-Yeah. What, you have a problem with that?
Sachi: Not a problem, per se, but... do tell me, how would you describe an individual eating shaved ice? In English, please.
Michiru: ...E-English? U-Uhm... kaki... gorer?
Sachi: You just added "e-r" to the end of "kakigooru." Which is not an English word, incidentally...
Michiru: ...F-Frapper...?
Sachi: ...It seems there are some adults with truly astonishing English skills in the world these days. I do believe my perspective has just grown slightly broader. 
Michiru: S-Shaddup, already! Shaved ice is shaved ice, right!? Who cares about the flaperons or whatever!?! 
Sachi: Yes, yes, quite. Well then, why don't we partake of some flaperons under yonder parasol? What flavor would you like, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: Mukiiiiiiiii! Don't treat me like a kid! I want the melon flavor, of course!!!
Sachi: Yes, yes. Melon it will be. Shall we go, then?
Yuuji: ...Hey now...
Narration: *...Somehow, watching these two lately makes me think of a middle-aged man who walks up to the counter at an electronics store and vaguely demands a "cell phone" in an almost angry tone of voice―  *
Narration: *And the veteran sales clerk who gently handles the situation with a tolerant smile on her face...*
Narration: *In the first place, "flaperons" are an aircraft control surface that function as both a "flap" and an "aileron," and have absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with frappes or shaved ice...*
Yuuji: ...More importantly, where did Amane and Makina go?
Makina: Ah, it's Tunafish Man! Hey, lookit, Ama-nee! I want that!
Amane: Hm? What now? Ooh... a stuffed animal, huh...? I'd like to get it for you, but I'm not too good at this sort of thing, you know... I mean, you actually want that gross-looking toy? Seriously?
Makina: Who you callin' grotty, punk!? Tunafish Man is high-grade fresh fish!
Amane: Okay, I don't know what you're talking about... Isn't that thing just a big tuna with arms and legs? It really is grotty... 
Yuuji: Hey, you two. Something up?
Amane: Ah, hey Yuuji. I guess Makina wants that grotty stuffed animal for some reason?
Makina: I tole ya not t'call him grotty! I'll knock y'upside th' gulliver, dingbat!
Yuuji: ...Sorry, can you talk in standard Japanese?
Amane: Like I said, Makina wants that tuna thing.
Yuuji: A tuna...?
Narration: *Amane points to a shooting gallery booth set up nearby, indicating a specific toy set up on top of a garish red platform―*
Narration: *A strikingly creepy plush tuna, frozen in the act of carving open its own stomach with a knife, stares back at me with the eyes of a dead fish.*
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Tunafish Man, eh? Pretty well made... There's death in those eyes...
Makina: I know, right? Just th' sorta eye for quality I'd expect from my papa!
Amane: I don't have the slightest idea what's so good about that thing, personally... 
Makina: Bah! A mom who randomly decides her kid's toys are garbage and tosses 'em away without askin' ain't never gonna understand!
Amane: What? Come on, when have I ever thrown away your toys?
Makina: Gwah! This woman's seriously forgotten! How about just th' other day!? Ya mistook my DSP game fer trash and threw it away! 
Amane: Ah... but c'mon, how was I supposed to know that tiny little thing was a game!?
Amane: The video games I used to play were more, like... those big cassettes, right? Y'know, those clunky ones! Clunk, clack!
Makina: ...What century were ya born in, Ama-nee...? Games these days are all disks or cards, ya know?
Amane: Look, I can't help it, all right? I haven't played video games since elementary school... and it was just some cheap one my dad won as a prize for hitting home runs at the batting center...
Yuuji: ...Not that I really care, but weren't we talking about this tuna fish doll here?
Makina: Ah! That's right, that's right! Tunafish Man! Get him for me! Pleeeease!
Amane: Mmm... like I said, I'm not much good at this stuff. My eyes aren't that great, so it's hard for me to aim straight.
Amane: How about you, Yuuji?
Yuuji: What about me?
Amane: Oh, you know, this sharpshooting thing. You any good at it?
Yuuji: Sharpshooting, huh...?
Narration: *To be honest, it's definitely a strength of mine. In fact, you could call me something of a specialist.*
Narration: *But...*
Amane: Makina says she wants the doll, so get it for her, ok?
Makina: Show off yer skills fer me, Papa!!
Yuuji: Hrm... showing off would be easy enough, but that's no good. Makina, my friend, get the toy yourself. I'll teach you how. 
Amane: Whaaat? Isn't this sort of thing what we keep guys around for?
Yuuji: Don't be spoiled. I'm not going to let Makina turn into a woman who just sits around waiting for someone to drop everything she wants into her lap. People like that are trash.
Yuuji: Seize the things you want with your own hands! That's a rule of mine.
Amane: Another friggin' rule, huh...?
Yuuji: All right, Makina, get over here. I'll teach you.
Makina: Yeah!
Yuuji: Hey, pops! We're going to play a round.
Carny: ...Hmm? You're a pro, aren't ya, buddy? I can tell from yer eyes. Sorry, but we don't cotton t'sandbaggers here.
Yuuji: ...Don't go jumping to conclusions there, friend. I'm not playing, this shrimp is. Assume that's not a problem?
Carny: The little miss, huh...? Hmph... well, guess that's all right...
Narration: *I take out three hundred yen from the coin purse in my pocket and slide it across the counter to the old man manning the booth.*
Yuuji: All right, Makina, listen up. The distance to your target is a mere 1.8 meters - practically point-blank range. There's effectively no wind. Can't ask for better conditions than this. Even a drugged monkey could make this shot.
Yuuji: You've been provided with five rounds of ammunition. You have permission to expend the first as a test shot! Use it to get a feel for your rifle's personality! 
Yuuji: Keep in mind, that bullet's been paid for through punishing taxes on your countrymen! One 5.56mm sets them back 300 yen! One 7.62 is 350 out of the public purse! Snipers aren't permitted to waste their bullets. Understood!?  
Makina: Hooahhhh!!
Yuuji: All right then! As a rule, fresh recruits like you should aim for the chest, not the head. It's a bigger target, and less likely to shift on you suddenly! Much easier to hit!
Yuuji: When using a small rifle without optical augmentation, you have nothing to rely on but your long years of experience and your instincts! But unfortunately, you happen to be completely lacking in the former!
Yuuji: But then again, we're dealing with a completely static target here. Even an amateur can manage that. And you've got an excellent spotter! For now, believe in me!
Makina: Hooahhhh!!
Yuuji: All right then, here's your first round! Stuff it into the muzzle without leaving any gaps. Air will leak out of even the smallest crack, throwing off your trajectory! Load your weapon with the greatest possible care!
Narration: *I choose a piece of cork that appears to be well-balanced from the small dish of "bullets" the booth's owner handed me, then pass it to Makina.*
Narration: *The girl accepts it timidly, aligns the tapered end with the muzzle crown of her little gun, then carefully pushes it into place with a sharp squeak.*
Makina: Loaded and ready!!
Yuuji: Very good! Next step! Pull the lever back as gently as you'd caress a woman! Compress the piston and engage the sear!
Makina: ...Clear!!
Yuuji: Excellent! Now aim your sights toward the enemy! Hold the groove steady in front of your dominant eye and assume a shooting stance! Right shoulder... good! Left shoulder... good! Hold position to fire!
Makina: Ready to fire!!
Yuuji: Not yet! Keep your finger off that trigger! First, draw a rough bead on your target with your dominant eye. Once you've set your line of fire, inhale deeply! From this point on, no response will be necessary!
Makina: ...*Hoooooo*...
Yuuji: When you've drawn in as much air as your lungs can hold, breathe out eighty percent and hold on to the rest...
Makina: ...*Haaaaaah*...
Yuuji: Now hold your breath!
Makina: ........................
Yuuji: All right, listen up. From this point on, don't try to aim any more. It's pointless! You'll make your hands shake if you try. Just visualize that bullet striking home! Got that? You ARE going to land this shot!
Yuuji: Think of your friends! Think of your hometown! Think of your country! And when your heart is full to the brim with determination, wrap your finger around the trigger, cold and serene as frost falling on a winter night...
Yuuji: And fire!!!!
Makina: ...Hunfh!!
Yuuji: Miss!!
Makina: <...Aaaaw... Jeez...>
Yuuji: There's no time to be depressed! You figured out the quirks of your gun and its ammunition, yes? Now change your sniping spot before they have time to counterattack!
Amane: ...Counterattack...? Er, hey... sorry to interrupt you guys while you're being all super serious and all, but this is a little...
Yuuji: Idiot! What kind of a suicidal fool sneaks up behind someone in the middle of a firearms training session!?
Amane: Yeah, yeah, sorry about that... I'll keep quiet, so hurry up and finish, will you...?
Yuuji: All right then! Makina, load your next round!!
Makina: Hooahhhh!!!
Narration: *No matter how skilled you may be at something, imparting knowledge to others is rarely as easy as you might think.*
Narration: *However, Makina possesses both a surprisingly excellent memory and fundamental mental flexibility. Just as importantly, when there's something she doesn't understand, the girl asks for clarification instead of pretending to follow―*
Narration: *And above all else, she has a truly passionate desire to improve herself. Teach her the first step and she'll end up learning the next ten on her own.*
Narration: *This off-the-cuff instruction in the fundamentals of marksmanship is no exception. The girl's visibly sucking in my every word like a sponge absorbing water. As her instructor, it's a refreshing feeling.*
Narration: *But in the end, Makina's equipped with a toy gun and completely unreliable wedges of cork; the first four shots sail wide of the mark, leaving her with only the final bullet, usually reserved as "insurance" against being captured alive.*
Yuuji: ...Last bullet. It all comes down to this one shot. I don't have anything more to teach you right now. Believe in yourself and pull the trigger.
Makina: ...Hunfh!!
Yuuji: ...Hit!!
Narration: *The cork bullet slaps into the Tunafish Man doll in its lower right flank - a kidney shot. Unbalanced by the impact, the toy spins wildly around the platform―*
Narration: *And just like that, it falls off the ledge with a satisfying thump.*
Makina: Yaaahaaah! Bingo! Yahooooooooo!!
Yuuji: Hey, you're not done yet! Show some respect for your target and follow through properly! Slowly breathe in until the air in your lungs is completely replaced, maintaining careful awareness of your surroundings!
Makina: ...Hooooh... haaaaaa...
Carny: Here you go, little lady. Congrats!
Makina: Yahay! Tunafish Man is MINE!!
Amane: Hmm? You guys finally done?
Yuuji: ...Amane... you're unbelievable... Here the girl is, triumphing through her own hard work, and you're paying more attention to eating a hot dog in the most suggestive way possible...
Amane: But... I was kinda hungry, you know... nmm... *Slrrrp*...
Yuuji: Don't run your damn tongue around the thing!
Makina: Lookit, lookit, Ama-nee! I got it all on my own, ya know!?
Amane: Ooh, nice work, Makina. Looks like you've got some talent as a sharpshooter!
Makina: Ya think!?
Yuuji: Hrm... to be certain, you've got an eye for it. Well done, Private Irisu. Just the sort of skills I'd expect from my daughter! If you want a Narashino badge, I'll write you a letter of recommendation!
Makina: Thank ya kindly, Colonel!
Yuuji: Just to be clear, I'm not actually a colonel of anything...
Amane: You two really like your army rangers game, don't you...? I mean, what kind of a parenting style is that, anyway? I'm getting a little worried about how the girl's going to turn out...
Sachi: C-Come quickly, everyone! This is terrible! Michiru-sama has...!!
Yuuji: Hm? Why're you so worked up, Sachi? Something wrong with Michiru?
Sachi: U-Uhm! Well! Aah! Where can I even begin...!?!
Yuuji: Calm yourself. Start with the one thing you want to say most.
Sachi: Ah, errr...! Michiru-sama is an idiot!
Amane: ...Yeah. I think we all know that by now, honestly. It's so obvious that no one really bothers to spell it out, but...
Yuuji: In other words, you're trying to tell us that Michiru has made a complete ass of herself yet again?
Sachi: E-Exactly!
Makina: Ah, speakin' of eggs, they were sellin' some fried egg okonomiyaki over there! Wanna go get some?
Amane: Oh? Sounds good! Let's go!
Yuuji: Come on, people. At least try to be a little concerned about Michiru...
Yuuji: So what exactly happened, Sachi? Explain the when, where, what, and why as concisely as possible.
Sachi: Uhm... yes... Well, just now, at the venue for a shaved ice speed-eating tournament, Michiru-sama began to shovel down shaved ice with all the vigor of a workhorse―
Sachi: Then suddenly clutched her head, let out a cryptic shriek to the effect of "Ukyuuuuuuu" and fainted!
Yuuji: ...Hrm... I see.
Narration: *I nod solemnly. Seems plausible enough.*
Yuuji: Incidentally, human beings really are creatures of constant growth... I'm no longer even surprised by that level of eccentric behavior on Michiru's part. 
Makina: But on th' other hand, Chiruchiru hasn't grown in th' slightest, has she? I got a bad feelin' that girl has a Darwin Award in her future.
Amane: I mean, why was Michiru even participating in a tournament like that...?
Sachi: I don't understand her exact motivations myself, but... for some reason, she declared herself a "top-class kaki gorer" and offered to accept any challenge...
Sachi: To be perfectly honest, none of it made the slightest bit of sense...
Yuuji: ...In other words, she started acting like the champ on the basis of nothing but her own completely unfounded pride?
Sachi: According to Michiru-sama, she was no mere "champ," but rather the champ among champs, The Champest... Then again, I couldn't begin to comprehend what she was trying to say...  
Amane: So? Where is she now?
Sachi: Well, uhm, she was carried off to the medical tent, where they covered her in blankets and soaked her feet in warm water in an attempt to raise her precipitously lowered body temperature...
Makina: ...First it's heatstroke, now it's hypo-thermy-ah? How muchuva pain in th' ass can one woman be...?
Yuuji: Come on, no need to be so harsh on the girl. For the moment, why don't we go check up on her?
Narration: *Like so, our hectic but profoundly memorable visit to the summer festival rolled on into the night; and when the hour hand moved past nine, as the bright lights around us began to dim, we made our way back to the dorm together.*
Narration: *Fortunately, Michiru's shaved-ice overdose led to nothing more than a diagnosis of "moderate ice cream headache." After warming up, she was promptly released from the medical tent.*
Narration: *It's hard not to grumble about this constant parade of false alarms, but... I guess that's sort of Michiru's identity, so it's hard to get that pissed off about it either.*
Amane: Okay, I just tucked Makina in.
Yuuji: Yeah, thanks. I'm guessing she didn't give you any trouble?
Amane: Out like a light the instant her head hit the pillow. The girl's still hugging that Tunafish Man doll, you know? Drooling all over it and mumbling in her sleep. She must've been really happy.  
Narration: *Makina spent most of the night frolicking around at maximum intensity, but just as the end of the festival was approaching―*
Narration: *As if her battery had run out of juice, the girl abruptly dozed off with a choco banana still dangling out of her mouth.*
Narration: *Of course, that's a common enough occurrence, so nobody was particularly flustered. I hoisted Makina's limp body onto my back, and Amane proceeded to eat the rest of her banana with a great deal of unnecessary slurping and licking.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, the way Amane polished off a half-eaten snack covered in Makina's spit without even hesitating, you'd think she really was the girl's mother.*
Yuuji: ...Or maybe just a glutton to the core...?
Amane: Hm? What was that?
Yuuji: No, it's nothing. Talking to myself.
Amane: Well, more importantly, take a look at this. I found something interesting in Makina's purse.
Yuuji: Interesting...?
Amane: See? They're the strips of paper she wrote her Tanabata wishes on.
Yuuji: Hoh...
Narration: *Amane retrieves a few brightly-colored strips of paper from Makina's purse and hands them to me.*
Amane: Those are wishes Makina wrote during the Tanabata Festival last year, when we were visiting my grandma in Kyoto...
Yuuji: What's with this? She made four separate ones? Greedy kid...
Narration: *It is Makina we're talking about here. I could see her getting the idea that Tanabata's just "Christmas in summer," what with decorating the tree and all...*
Narration: *Don't tell me she hung up a whole list of wishes, expecting Tanabata Claus to make them happen with no effort whatsoever on her part...?*
Amane: Actually, she made five. But we told her to only hang up the one she really wanted to come true, or the effect would get spread too thin. These are the ones she left behind.
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *I turn over the strips of paper in my hand one by one, reading the wishes scrawled across them:*
Narration: *"Infinite mountains of bread" "I want to learn to ride a bike" "I want a white puppy" "I want to play with fireworks"*
Yuuji: ...I don't know about this one with the bread, but the others are actually pretty respectable.
Amane: Don't you notice anything about those?
Yuuji: Hmm? Like what...?
Amane: Out of these four wishes, you made three come true, right? Every one except for the white puppy. 
Yuuji: ...What?
Amane: Infinite bread isn't a dream now that she's learning to make her own. And she can ride a bicycle just fine now.
Amane: And the fireworks, too. You did that with her when we all visited the beach together, remember?
Yuuji: ...Now that you mention it...
Amane: Right? So, in other words, all you have to do is buy her a white puppy and you'll complete the set!
Yuuji: ...Hmm... A dog, huh...?
Amane: I'm willing to put up half the money, you know? Oh, and I'll talk to the principal about permission too.
Yuuji: Well... that's not really...
Amane: What is it, then? D'you hate puppies?
Yuuji: Not really, but... I decided not to own another dog...
Amane: Ah... sorry. Did you have a pet die when you were a kid...?
Yuuji: Well, something like that...
Amane: Hmmm... I see... Guess I can't ask too much, then.
Yuuji: Should probably try and get over that... but I'm not quite there yet. Sorry... 
Amane: It's fine, don't worry about it. Going around granting all her wishes that easily might be a little too convenient, anyway.
Yuuji: By the way, what was Makina's wish this year...?
Amane: Hmm... Goodness, what to do? Is it really okay to tell you that? 
Yuuji: I'm not really trying to force it out of you.
Amane: Mmm... no, no, it's not like I need to be secretive about it, but...
Amane: While we're on the subject, what do you think Makina's number one wish was last year? The one she actually hung up on the bamboo?
Yuuji: ...No clue... "I want huge tits," maybe...?
Amane: Not even close. She wrote "I want a papa"... 
Yuuji: ...That's something else...
Amane: I know, right? When I saw that, I couldn't help crying a little...
Amane: But you know, looking back on it now that she's got her hands on a father named Kazami Yuuji... Maybe Tanabata wishes aren't just for show after all, you know?
Yuuji: I guess...
Amane: Anyway, this is Makina's wish from this year.
Yuuji: Wait, why do you have that?
Amane: The girl messed up on this one. We hung the one she rewrote on a little bamboo tree on the veranda, then burned it like you're supposed to.
Yuuji: Let's see...
Narration: *The slip of paper I accept from Amane has four words scrawled unsteadily across it.*
Narration: *"Stay with Onii-chan fourever"*
Yuuji: I see... Misspelled "forever," huh...?
Amane: And back during Tanabata, you were still her "big brother."
Yuuji: In other words, she wished to be with me forever...
Amane: Yep. How do you like that? Feel a little happy?
Yuuji: ...Well... I guess...
Amane: Huh? Are you embarrassed? Awww, so cuuute.
Narration: *To be certain, the way Makina's "taken to me" inspires an awkward variety of happiness.*
Narration: *But on the other hand, I find myself bumping right back up against the crucial question: just how long will I really be able to stay with her?*
Yuuji: Well... I intend to be around for her as much as I can...
Amane: Yeah, try your best. I'm sure you came to this school carrying lots of baggage of your own, but...
Amane: For as long as you're here, at least... play along with her make-believe game, okay?
Yuuji: Sounds about right...
Narration: *Averting my eyes from Amane's steady gaze, I reflexively glance into the corner of my room at the black cell phone I carry for work. Part of that "baggage" I'm still forced to lug around.*
Narration: *I'm struck by the sudden urge to snap the damn thing in half, but I know perfectly well that smashing a phone isn't going to break the chains around my neck.*
Narration: *I don't know how long I'll be able to stay here. I could be gone tomorrow. *
Narration: *But still, as long as I'm in this school... I think I'll do what I can.*

Narration: *August 6th, 2011, 07:00 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *―It was back in elementary school that I first realized I didn't hate running.*
Narration: *This discovery wasn't prompted by anything special. I had no friends back then, so I'd often spend my afternoons hurling rocks into the nearby river, killing time until my mom got back from her job in the city...*
Narration: *Not the most stimulating activity, granted. But we had practically no money, and I wasn't a very creative kid. *
Narration: *Anyway, early one evening, I was alone at the riverbank playing my usual "slightly better than nothing" game: hurling flat stones along the surface of the water to see how many times they'd skip―*
Narration: *But that day, I noticed a man running along the dirt path that followed the course of the river.*
Narration: *Well... that's a slightly misleading way to put it. I'd actually "noticed" the guy a long time ago, since he ran that route along the river every single day.*
Narration: *We'd never so much as exchanged a word, but he'd always pass by at exactly the same time, even on rainy or blustery days. That was the extent of my connection with the guy.*
Narration: *I'm sure he wasn't any more interested in me. At most, he was probably vaguely aware of some weird kid who was always out in the grass throwing rocks into the river.  *
Narration: *That day, a bit of idle speculation ran through my head: "That guy must be an athlete."*
Narration: *Otherwise, why would you make yourself miserable by running every single day? Maybe he was even a pro of some sort.*
Narration: *When you're a pro athlete, keeping yourself in shape's probably just another part of the job. And why would you bother running if it wasn't your job? I sure couldn't see anything fun about it.*
Narration: *But when I actually thought it over, I realized that I'd never really gone on a long-distance run of my own free will. I didn't really have any reason to, and I'd never felt particularly interested in trying.*
Narration: *Wasn't it a little messed up to decide something I'd never even tried was horrible? Maybe there was something fun about it that I just wasn't aware of yet.*
Narration: *It was basically just a whim, but it's not like the rock-skipping was doing much for me. I started running after school, jogging along with my knapsack on my back. Three kilos at first, then five, and eventually ten―*
Narration: *Before long, running all the way to my mom's workplace became my daily routine. *
Narration: *At first, I wouldn't make it over there until after her shift finished, so I'd usually meet her halfway as she rode home on her bicycle.*
Narration: *Things went on like that for maybe half a year, I guess? Little by little, the distance I covered before meeting my mom grew longer, and eventually I managed to get to her workplace before she even left.*
Narration: *When she came out that first evening to find me waiting by her bicycle in the parking lot, Mom's eyes went wide with surprise.*
Narration: *Praising me with the words "You really are a fast runner, Yuuji," she glanced down at my beat-up old sneakers. And despite our extremely meager family finances, she bought me a new pair of running shoes.  *
Narration: *In the flush of that success, I realized I actually kind of enjoyed running. And I learned that people can't really know something until they experience it.*
Narration: *Now I understood. That man who was always passing me by must've had some big goal of his own. His running must've been his patient, steady way of approaching that objective. I didn't have any evidence, but it felt like the answer.*
Narration: *If my sister were still alive, I could definitely beat her in a race now. That sort of childish self-esteem was probably something I needed badly back then.*
Narration: *―You can never truly know something until you try it.*
Narration: *That man by the river taught me that lesson, and in turn, I want to pass it on to Makina.*
Narration: *The ideal here would be something like... I don't know, teaching her the joy of music or something? If I had the talent, I'd gladly play an instrument or sing for her.*
Narration: *But like I mentioned, I'm a little weak in the creative arena. And honestly speaking, I'd feel more comfortable starting off by introducing her to things that lie within the field of my expertise.*
Narration: *And the field of my expertise happens to be―*
Yuuji: ...What's the matter, maggot!? Your movements are getting sloppier and sloppier!
Makina: Yes, SIR!!
Narration: *Makina's been tagging along on my daily running for several weeks now. And lately, she's started to participate in a little "light exercise" afterward as well.*
Narration: *When I'm on my own, that usually just means conventional calisthenics and strength training, but I came to realize that Makina's muscles are significantly underdeveloped for a girl her age.*
Narration: *Thinking that lack of physical endurance might have something to do with her tendency to nod off in the middle of conversations, I started her on static isometrics, then worked up to a menu featuring more demanding dynamic exercise.*
Narration: *I actually taught the girl some very simple self-defense principles a while ago, but I'm taking this opportunity to pass on some basic martial arts...*
Narration: *Starting with the fundamentals, progressing to specialized techniques aimed at disarming an opponent with a knife and such, and finally more aggressive skills - with the disclaimer "use these to create yourself an opportunity to run."*
Narration: *At first, I wasn't taking the martial arts element particularly seriously. I'd looked at the "lessons" more or less as a substitute for playing around with her.*
Narration: *But before I knew it, Makina was moving in ways that could sometimes startle even me. You really can't underestimate this one.*
Makina: Yaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *"Shout from the pit of your stomach." Forcing the air out of your lungs helps push your brain into a state of tension, increasing your reaction time and the burst power of your muscles.*
Narration: *Makina's following the fundamentals just as I told her, and she's generally quick on the uptake; her single largest problem continues to be a complete lack of endurance. Overall, the girl's come a long way in a short time. *
Yuuji: You're approaching inefficiently! Keep your movements compact! Don't give your opponent a chance to counterattack!
Makina: Hooah!!
Narration: *With another shout of determination, Makina ducks her head and leaps forward, expending all her remaining stamina on one powerful tackle.*
Makina: Hunfh!!
Yuuji: ...Guh!?
Narration: *Just as I brace myself to block, the girl seems to disappear. It's that so-called "slide dash" of hers again. Where did she even pick this one up?*
Narration: *Wherever it came from, she's good at it. The movement manages to surprise me, and that's no mean feat for an amateur. But that said...*
Yuuji: ...Not good enough!
Narration: *The abrupt shift downward while maintaining her momentum was magnificent; up until the moment her arms wrapped around my knees, Makina gets perfect marks. But sadly, her lower body's just too weak to bring me down.*
Narration: *To the girl's credit, that doesn't keep her from trying. Her face bright red from exertion, she strains against my waist, raising a fierce battle cry.*
Makina: Hrrnnggrhuhhh!!!
Yuuji: Seizing initiative doesn't mean you've won! Also, brute force isn't the only way to take down an opponent! Timing and balance are what really matter!
Yuuji: Make use of everything you can! That's the only way you're ever going to bring your enemies down! 
Narration: *I reach down, grab Makina's elbows, and lightly push my thumbs down against her ulnar nerves.*
Makina: Hawaaah!!?
Narration: *The impact to her "funny bones" sending jolts of numbness running through both arms, Makina abruptly slackens her stubborn grip around my legs.*
Yuuji: ...Okay then, my turn now...!
Narration: *Startled by the threat and her vulnerable position, Makina instinctively tries to put distance between us. A definite mistake.*
Narration: *Anticipating her attempt to back away, I follow smoothly, then give the girl a light push to the upper body, using the force of her retreat against her. With very little effort on my part, she's completely destabilized.*
Makina: Nngh...! Wah!
Narration: *Sensing her imminent fall, Makina desperately braces her legs to resist the pull of gravity.*
Narration: *Just as she struggles to right herself, I sharply yank the girl toward me, again exploiting her own momentum―*
Narration: *And in one smooth movement, I've twisted her body around and wrenched up her arm behind her back.*
Makina: Hnnngyaaaaah!!! Owwwwieeeeee!!! Y-Yer tearin' it offfff!!! 
Yuuji: ...You understand now? If you're lacking in power, just use your opponent's instead. The stronger they are, the better it works. Once you've mastered this, the title of champion's yours for the taking...
Makina: Uu... sounds good in theory, ya know? But it just ain't that easy in th' real world...
Yuuji: I'm telling you, this isn't just theorizing. In the words of the immortal Mr. Lee, "Don't think, feel!" Sense the flow and all that.
Makina: Hrrrm? Yer sure makin' some unreasonable demands of a girl widely renowned from a tender age as th' "Invincibly Insensitive Imp," ya know?
Yuuji: Listen up, Makina. Thinking before you move slows you down. And more often than not, things won't go the way you plan anyway.
Yuuji: Incidentally, do you understand how I was able to break your grapple so easily just now?
Makina: Hmmeh? Well, ya sorta... made my elbow go all tingly, so I couldn't help loosenin' my grip, I guess...?
Yuuji: You weren't planning to loosen your grip, but you ended up letting go anyway. That's completely natural.
Yuuji: When they touch a hot stove, almost anyone will jerk back their hand before they even process what's happening. It's an instantaneous "reflex action."
Yuuji: Even when you're actually trying to touch the stove, you'll instinctively withdraw your hand. The part of your brain that controls conscious thought isn't the same as the part that optimizes twitch reactions.
Yuuji: Learn to exploit those involuntary reflexes, and you'll be able to control most people's actions without the need for overwhelming force.
Makina: Ooh! Now that ya mention it, there was an article on "Brain Structure" in Junior Science this month that mentioned somethin' about all that! 
Yuuji: Yeah, I read that one too. The main feature in that issue was pretty interesting as well.
Makina: Th' one where they built that simulation of a brain an' made the computer talk about its "preferences," right? I thought that was cool too!  
Yuuji: Oh, that reminds me. Speaking of preferences... you always use the same move when you're trying to land a tackle, you know that? The predictability makes it easier to deal with.  
Yuuji: Ideally you should be mixing things up, not just sticking with the one style you like best. From now on, let's practice moves you're weaker at and add a little variation to your repertoire. 
Makina: Oooh... like usin' chopsticks with yer left hand to train the right side of your brain?
Yuuji: Hrm. Human beings are creatures of infinite potential, but it seems like there's still a great deal left to teach you...
Makina: Yes, sir! Raise me good an' proper, if ya please!
Yuuji: Well, learning the theory is important and all, but it's not much good without a foundation of basic physical fitness. That's what we really need to focus on right now...
Narration: *Makina has surprising agility and burst power. She can handle anaerobic exercise well, but endurance-based cardio seems to be a real issue.*
Narration: *Despite her fundamentally weak muscles, the girl seems to have a strong heart that pumps a good deal of blood with every beat.*
Narration: *As a result, her resting heartbeat's probably fairly low. Maybe those sudden bursts of sleep are the results of brief dips into outright bradycardia?*
Yuuji: If your circulatory system has something to do with that borderline narcolepsy of yours, developing your muscles might actually reduce the symptoms somewhat...
Makina: I 'unno! The doctors said it's a reaction ta excessive stress or somethin'. Although frankly, that's probably just th' default dy-agg-nosis when they don't have a friggin' clue.
Yuuji: ...Hrm... in any case, nine times out of ten someone who's in poor shape can improve their condition dramatically just by exercising, eating right, and getting enough sleep...
Narration: *Back in my old school, they were great believers in the intrinsic resilience of the human body. "Go run it off" was the extent of the medical advice you could expect if you were stupid enough to tell an instructor you'd caught a cold...*
Makina: But if I start eatin' too much my jelly belly might become chronic, ya know? That'd be hella traumatic...
Yuuji: ...Traumatic? What's so bad about getting a little rounder? Kids are cuter when they have a little meat on their bones.
Makina: Okay, so, I caught this nasty cold last year, right? Ama-nee took me to th' hospital an' everything...
Makina: And ya know what? We got this total hottie twenty-somethin' doctor, and he's all "Okay then, can you show me your stomach?" 
Makina: So I confidently thrust out my jelly belly with a little wiggle fer good measure! An' McDreamy over there with th' stethoscope turns his face to one side and goes "*Snort*... Excuse me!" The jerk friggin' sniggered at me!
Makina: Natcher'ly, I get slightly pissed off an' ask the punk if he's pickin' a fight! But then Ama-nee smacks me upside th' head from behind, so I make this weird little "Uffoops!" sound! He ends up burstin' out laughin'! 
Makina: Ferget that guy! Seriously!
Yuuji: Hrm... I doubt a doctor who can't even discern the essence of your cuteness could possibly make an accurate diagnosis... 
Makina: I know, right? Eggs-actly my thought on th' matter.
Narration: *You can always tell a really excellent doctor by their ability to admit what they don't understand. Or so someone or other told me back in the day.*
Yuuji: ...That said, I can't deny that excess flab mainly just gets in the way... 
Makina: What, we talkin' about Ama-nee's tits now?
Yuuji: Good example. I mean, a little extra fat at the chest and hips is a necessary evil for women, but those things are going to be a real nuisance when the girl goes golfing.
Narration: *Personally, as long as we don't get into "HWAC" territory, I think rounding out a little more would only add to Makina's niche appeal...*

Narration: *August 8th, 2011, 07:30 - Mishima Cape - Station Area*
Narration: *―Elderly people are fond of the phrase "Experience as much as you can while you're young," but it's apparently somewhat rare for youngsters to genuinely understand those words.*
Narration: *I'm something of a special case; I've seen much more than most people my age. Hell, I think I'm on the "world-weary" side of things. But even so, sometimes a small discovery or brief comment will completely overturn what I thought I knew.*
Narration: *Experience is the most valuable form of knowledge, the survivor's greatest prize. Repeatedly experiencing something until you know it inside and out is worthwhile; so is seeking out new experiences and widening your horizons.*
Narration: *And this time, Makina opted for the latter. I don't think it's anything more complicated than that. *
Amane: Hey, Makinaaa... are you sure you don't want to come?
Makina: Yeah, I'm gonna stay with Papa this year.
Narration: *Just this morning, Makina declared that she would be spending her summer vacation in the dorm, rather than accompanying Amane to Kyoto for the second time.*
Narration: *Apparently, this last-moment change of plans was announced just as Amane was preparing breakfast today, and came as such a shock that the girl dropped her kitchen knife to the floor dramatically...*
Amane: Not to beat a dead horse, but why? It's not like you're going to have much fun hanging around with this thing, you know?
Yuuji: Can you not call me a "thing" to my face? At the very least, try not to point for emphasis. You've managed to bruise my feelings a bit. 
Makina: Welp, bein' with Papa is the single biggest reason. But there's also my part time job, an' waterin' the apple seedling, an' lookin' after my crawfish an' stuff.
Makina: I experienced Kyoto last year, so this time I'm gonna have my first summer with Papa!
Amane: ...Hmmm... will this really be all right...? What are you going to do about your meals and all that?
Makina: Not ta worry! I've got my bread-bakin' machine! All-ya-can-eat baked goods at our fingertips!
Amane: Just bread isn't good enough, all right? You need nutritionally balanced meals! Aah, geez... maybe I should make some snacks with a long shelf-life before I go...?
Yuuji: It'll be fine. I'm going to take care of the cooking.
Amane: Uh, right, but can you really make decent meals either? I've got this mental image of you eating nothing but beans...
Yuuji: Not to worry, I'll get some pumpkins in there as well. A human being won't die as long as they've got beans and pumpkins to eat.
Makina: Don't forget th' baked goods! Ooh! Maybe I'll try makin' some pumpkin bread!? Nice! Sounds delicious, am I right!?
Amane: I'm kind of worried... If Makina's not coming, maybe I'll just stay too...
Makina: C'mon, it's gonna be fine! I can do what needs ta be done, ya know? Go take yer trip! Bring me back some yatsuhashi cracknels, with extra crack! Green tea flavor, if ya please!
Amane: You really do love your tough, crunchy food, don't you...
Yuuji: I'm a traditionalist, myself. Get me some of the default cinnamon-flavored ones.
Amane: Yeah, yeah... I'll buy your souvenirs. But in return, you'd better finish your homework, Makina!
Makina: Yusss!
Amane: Yuuji, make sure she does that homework, all right!?
Yuuji: ...Yeees...
Amane: Do you two really get the message...? Even if I'm gone, you can't just play around all the time, okay?
Makina: Don't talk about bein' "gone," Ama-nee... Ya gotta come back, okay? If you don't come back to me, I'll track ya down... no matter how far ya go...
Amane: Stop talking like a stalker. I'll be back soon enough, okay?
Yuuji: No need to drag out the farewells, then. The Yokohama Shinkansen leaves at 8:50, right? You're going to miss the train unless you get a move on. 
Amane: Okay then... guess I'll be on my way...
Yuuji: Very well! Makina, we will now send off Amane on her journey to the capital with three hearty cheers!
Makina: You betcha! Congratulations on your departure, Miss Suou Amane! Banzaaai! Banzaaai! Banzaaai!!
Amane: Hey! Cut it out!! That's really embarrassing, okay!?!
Narration: *And so, Amane finally turns and runs up the stairs toward the station's ticket gate, fleeing our largely meaningless farewell salute.*
Narration: *While I certainly appreciated the value of Amane's contribution to our well-being, I assumed her temporary absence wouldn't have any particularly serious effects on our lives.*
Narration: *To be honest, that casual attitude was partly the product of stubborn pride. I got along just fine by myself before, didn't I? *
Narration: *But once the woman was actually gone, it didn't take thirty minutes for the first problems to begin surfacing...*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Makina. How old are the eggs in this fridge?
Makina: Whatcha askin' me for? I ain't the one who laid 'em...
Yuuji: I'd hope not.
Makina: They ain't gonna go bad in two or three days, and Ama-nee's alwaaays puttin' new ones in the back, so th' ones closer to the front should be fine.
Yuuji: Hrm... I see.
Makina: More impor'ntly, we're nearly outta toilet paper... Where's th' spare rolls at?
Yuuji: Hm? Where was it again...? I do remember buying her some, so we should have plenty in stock...
Makina: Ama-nee's the type ta hoard this sorta stuff. It's prob'ly squirreled away somewhere, ya know?
Yuuji: Like where...? I don't see anywhere to "hoard" things in this room... 
Makina: Mebbe she stashed it under the stairs? Y'know, that little room across th' hall. Ay-Kay-Ay "Amane Warehouse."
Yuuji: ...Amane Warehouse...?
Makina: Ama-nee's got a habit of buyin' up whatever they've got on sale at th' supermarket and tossin' em in her Warehouse. Tissues, toilet paper, canned food, all that sorta stuff.
Makina: There's gotta be fifty liters of bottled water in there by now, ya know?
Yuuji: ...Sounds like a pretty decent little emergency stockpile...
Makina: Girl's fundamentally th' par-suh-moany-us type. Give her a box of cookies an' she'll save th' ribbon an' wrappin' paper.
Makina: ...Oh? Speakin' of penny-pinchin'... that reminds me!
Narration: *Makina promptly sticks her head into the fridge and starts rooting around in search of something.*
Makina: Ah, there we go! Knew this was in here!
Yuuji: What's that supposed to be?
Narration: *The semi-transparent tupperware container in Makina's hand is stuffed to the brim with a yellowish powdery substance.*
Makina: Remember when Ama-nee made that pumpkin soup th' other day? This's th' leftover skin an' pulp from when she juiced that sucker!  
Yuuji: Seriously? Who bothers to save that stuff...?
Makina: What do you think you're callin' "that stuff," bub!? Pumpkin skin is the most nutritional part of th' whole darn thing! How could ya even think of throwin' it away!?
Yuuji: I see... My apologies. But what're you planning to use it for...?
Makina: Nacherrally, I'm gonna knead it into some dough and make pumpkin bread! Let's have that fer lunch, okay? Also, I'm cravin' some cinnamon rolls, so let's make those too!
Yuuji: I see... Talking about yatsuhashi get you in the mood for something with cinnamon?
Makina: You betcha. Hokay then, let's get started on that dough...
Yuuji: ...Hold on, Makina. Take a look at the clock.
Makina: ...Woh? Nine o'clock, eh? Mayhaps Ama-nee's on th' bullet train by now...?
Yuuji: "Mayhaps" yourself. Look at the other wall.
Makina: ...We practicin' th' left-face right-face thing...?
Yuuji: Wrong.
Narration: *I point to a large piece of paper hanging on the wall, the words "Summer Vacation Skedjwool" scrawled across the top in Makina's handwriting.*
Makina: What's this? Skedj-wool? Some new type of textile...?
Yuuji: Playing dumb isn't much good when you're the one who wrote the damn thing. Nine in the morning is homework time, right?
Makina: Look, this "homework" is just stuff Ama-nee decided ta make me do all on her own, ya know? It's not like th' school gave me any.  
Yuuji: True enough! And Amane's not around, so I guess it's all good! Ahahahaha! 
Makina: Right, right! Ahaha-the-hah!
Yuuji: ...Were you seriously expecting me to say that!? Idiot!
Makina: Waaah! C'mon now, ain't no cause to fly off the handle!!
Yuuji: If you're thinking I'm going to be a soft touch compared to Amane, you've got another thing coming. You decided this schedule yourself, so I want to see you at least pretending to follow it.
Makina: Just pretending's enough...?
Yuuji: Not like you'll learn anything if I force you to study when you don't want to. But at the very least, make yourself sit in front of your desk at a set time every day and pretend to study.
Yuuji: Once that becomes a habit, your brain will start waking up all on its own when the time comes. You'll be able to focus intently and get a great deal done in a short time.
Makina: Really...?
Yuuji: There's no point in trudging along through your textbooks for hours on end. One hour is just about right for a study session. Give it a try and you'll see.
Makina: ...Somehow, I feel like you're tryin' to pull one over on me here...
Narration: *Set aside a specific time every day for focused, undistracted study. I learned that simple technique from my big sister.*
Narration: *Apart from her school subjects, she could consistently produce outstanding results in virtually anything with nothing more than an hour or so of daily review―*
Narration: *And once I adopted her study method, I managed to maintain a fairly respectable academic standing in my own right.*
Narration: *When you get used to studying in brief chunks, you naturally start challenging yourself, pushing to see how far you can get within the limited time you have―*
Narration: *Sometimes, you'll look back after the hour's finished and be stunned at how much you accomplished. *
Narration: *And so, starting off with a quintessentially Japanese "just for show" attitude, Makina sits before her homework problems and pretends to ponder them― *
Narration: *But as her style of "pretending" is pretty superficial, it amounts to little more than a childish parody of real studying. Her pen doesn't move an inch.*
Makina: Nrrrrrmn... hmmmmmghh...
Yuuji: Just moaning in a vaguely appropriate way doesn't really count, you know? At least try to use your head. 
Makina: ...Hmmm... this "pretending" business is sorta lamer than I expected...
Yuuji: Realizing that is step one. I mean, the world would be overflowing with geniuses if you could get smarter with no effort, right? Guess it's all for the best, though... Not like a super-high IQ does much but make life harder.
Makina: I sorta... know what you mean...
Makina: But I feel like geniuses who tell themselves that are prob'ly pretty lonely people...
Yuuji: You're talking like you actually know something about this.
Makina: Well, yep. Ya probably wouldn't guess it ta look at me, but people used to call me a "prodigy" when I was a kid, ya know?
Yuuji: Aah... Right. Think I sort of know where you're coming from...
Narration: *People labeled "prodigies" and "geniuses" often come off as a little broken in the head...*
Makina: ...You're not laughing, huh?
Yuuji: Hm? At what?
Makina: I said I used ta be a prodigy, but you're not laughing.
Yuuji: Didn't you hear me? I kind of understand what you mean...
Narration: *I don't have first-hand experience, but my hyper-competent big sister fell into a similar category...*
Narration: *Children labeled "prodigies" have their hands full just meeting the expectations of those around them, and their brilliance earns resentment and jealousy from peers. At best, they end up walled off by their own "exceptional" status.*
Narration: *As my sister often said―*
Narration: *"Once they've set you apart, you're left with a choice. You can struggle to stay the genius, or you can play the fool and become a clown."*
Narration: *―And come to think of it...*
Narration: *It's easy to imagine that where my sister chose the former option, Makina went for the latter.*
Yuuji: You don't have to pretend to be an idiot around me, you know...?
Makina: I think yer overestimatin' me a bit there. T'be honest, I've been pretendin' to be an idiot for so long I can't even figure out what th' "real" me is anymore...
Makina: What kinda person do ya want me to be, Papa...?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... guess I like you the way you are...
Yuuji: Well, not that I want you to keep acting like a doofus, but... there's a lot I like about you right now.
Makina: ...For example...?
Yuuji: Let's see... For example, the way you're earnest and proactive about everything. The way you never give up on something without even trying...
Narration: *These last few weeks, I've deliberately said some pretty absurd things to Makina. Made some unreasonable demands.*
Narration: *Even so, the girl gives everything a try; she's eager to discover new things she can do, and willing to work hard at the things she can't yet manage.*
Narration: *And when she does succeed at a task she struggled with, she comes running right over to me with her face full of pride, fishing for compliments...*
Narration: *At the end of the day, the girl might just want my praise and respect. But it hardly matters why, does it?*
Narration: *When I pat her on the head and say "You did well," and see her squint like a contented kitten―*
Narration: *Mysteriously enough, I find myself thinking "All right, what should I teach her next...?" Almost like an affectionate parent.*
Narration: *I find that more than a little strange, but I can't deny it makes me happy as well...*
Narration: *I'm willing to bet my master felt something similar when she adopted me.*
Narration: *Looking at it from that angle, this make-believe game seems almost like some karmic mission pressed on me by fate. It's a slightly creepy thought, but there's also something fulfilling about it.*
Yuuji: ...I definitely like having you around... and I think you're cute the way you are...
Yuuji: But that doesn't mean I'm okay with you being a clown for the rest of your life. I want to make that clear.
Makina: Well... yeah. I get that I can't stay like this forever, ya know?
Makina: Gotta say, though, what's studyin' gonna do to change things? I mean, why do I even gotta study in th' first place? 
Yuuji: Hmm, let's see... In your case, the fact that you're already pretty comfortable financially might be the biggest problem...
Narration: *The most compelling reason to study is probably when it's a step toward some lucrative future or dream career...*
Yuuji: I mean, once you've decided what you want to do with your life, reading textbooks isn't exactly crucial. Like, if you're determined to become a pianist, you can focus entirely on studying the piano and ignore the rest...
Narration: *Well, that's something of an extreme example, granted.*
Narration: *Point is, it doesn't matter so much what you're learning... If you're really determined to become a concert pianist, for example, the piano becomes a lens through which you see everything else―*
Narration: *By engrossing yourself in the piano, you can gain a rich, broad understanding of the world. The kind of deep knowledge you'd never pick up from thumbing indifferently through textbooks.*
Narration: *People can get myopic, of course. The difference between the word "specialist" and the term "idiot savant" is the difference between seeing the world through your field and mistaking your field for the world itself.*
Narration: *Peering through the lens I picked up from my master, I got a pretty decent feel for the way things work out there... *
Narration: *And as I learned, every "scope" you can pick offers its own unique perspective. Gazing through your chosen lens helps shape your values and define you as a person.  *
Yuuji: Makina... do you have any, I don't know, dreams? Something you want to be when you grow up, that sort of thing?
Makina: Hmmm... lessee... Right now, bein' a baker or a sniper seems pretty cool, I guess?
Yuuji: Well, you're not lacking in variety, at least...
Narration: *You've got the vaguely warm world of a baker, soothing people's souls through their taste buds, and a cold sniper tracking a distant target with death in their eyes...*
Narration: *When it comes to common ground, I guess... they're both occupations requiring a lot of stoic behind-the-scenes effort...?*
Narration: *While I'm feeling a little dubious about Makina's future planning right now, as a parent I should be trying to leave as many paths open to her as possible. And considering my role as her "master," I feel obligated not to laugh in her face.*
Narration: *That said... what exactly am I supposed to do for her right now? That's a lot less clear...*
Narration: *Glancing down at my watch, I find the dial reading 10:00 AM.*
Yuuji: ...All right, that's an hour. We're done studying.
Makina: But I haven't even started anything yet...
Yuuji: If you're unhappy over wasting an hour of your life, why not use that time a little more productively tomorrow? Keep at it and take baby steps. That's how you form a lasting habit.
Narration: *I turn to the copy of Makina's schedule on the wall. The next block of the day has the words "Play time!" scribbled next to it in sloppy letters.*
Yuuji: Seems we have some recreation next, but... I have to say, doesn't this schedule have a great deal of "Play time"...?
Makina: That's kinda how it is when I got a day off from th' store, ya know?
Makina: Anyhoo, time to play with me!
Yuuji: Hrm... again with this? Play what...?
Makina: Well, what'd ya used to play at your old school, Papa?
Yuuji: ...Hmm. Don't think I recall a lot of "playing" in general.
Narration: *I'd gotten used to a way of life where extracurricular activities were limited to eating and sleeping, so my off days were usually some combination of napping, reading books, and studying―*
Narration: *As for the guys around me, it was all "cards," "ponies," or "boats." The rare outliers were the ones who opted for bikes or motorcycles instead...*
Narration: *And I'm not about to ask the girl "Ponies or poker?" In the first place, I only went to the races or casinos when they forced me to tag along on a group outing.*
Yuuji: In my old school, you needed to submit an application to leave the grounds on your days off. Without a stamped authorization card, they wouldn't let you take a step outside.
Makina: Ooh, kinda sounds like a pain in th' ass.
Yuuji: It was indeed. There were a bunch of people who didn't get out much, myself included.
Makina: So, what? Are ya gonna spend this whole summer vacation just loungin' around the dorm?
Yuuji: No. I'm planning to visit a grave, for one thing.
Makina: A grave...? Whose?
Yuuji: My master's, in Yamanashi. Need to clean it up and all that.

Narration: *Things haven't changed much in my absence from the mountain. As always, the air's thick with the lusty cries of cicadas, but there's no sign of human presence.*
Narration: *Other than the squawking insects, the only sounds are the crunching of our feet against the gravel and weeds... and Makina's labored breathing, growing quicker and louder with every minute. *
Yuuji: ...You all right?
Makina: Mm... yeah... I'm fine... haah... haah...
Narration: *The girl can be surprisingly stubborn at times like these.*
Narration: *Probably an attempt to demonstrate she's not a helpless weakling who needs to be babied constantly. Still have to be sure to keep an eye on her, though, or she might end up collapsing to the ground and falling asleep on the spot.*
Makina: ...Hey... can I ask you a question, Papa?
Yuuji: Hm? About what?
Makina: ...The person whose grave we're visitin'... Yer master. What kinda person was she...? 
Yuuji: Hmmm... well, let's see... Where do I even begin...?
Narration: *Come to think of it, although I've brought Asako up numerous times, I don't remember getting into the details.*
Narration: *...I mean, nobody really seemed that interested... No, I guess it was just too awkward to ask?*
Yuuji: My master's name was Kusakabe Asako... We first met when I was twelve or thirteen or so. She was a lot older than me, obviously.
Yuuji: I'd lost my entire family a while before this... At the time, a friend of my dad's had taken me in, but...
Yuuji: Well, that family friend was what you'd call a "bad guy"... The kind of man who slips through the cracks in the law, profiting off misery and tearing money away from soft-hearted people.
Yuuji: The bad guy in question made some enemies on the shadier side of our government... Bit off a little more than he could chew. They decided to bring the hammer down...
Yuuji: And the small assault force that invaded the villain's lair - well, mansion - and suppressed it in the blink of an eye was led by my master, Kusakabe Asako.
Makina: ...So th' person who saved you from th' bad guy when you were a kid became your master? 
Yuuji: Yeah, that's the basic outline.
Makina: So were you livin' here with your master ever since...? 
Yuuji: Not constantly. We lived here for the first year or so, but I ended up getting shipped off to America fairly soon because of some circumstances with Asako's employer.
Makina: San Diego, California. Right?
Yuuji: Good memory...
Makina: After that it was Quantico in Virginia... but ya ended up back in Japan eventually, I guess.
Yuuji: That's right. And in between all that, I lived with Asako. She's the one who helped me find the strength I needed to live. 
Makina: ...So in other words, just like you're a papa ta me, your master was a mama to you?
Yuuji: Hmmm... don't think "mommy" quite covers it... If I had to categorize the woman, I'd say she was my master...
Yuuji: But in the sense that she raised a cowardly, snot-nosed brat into a reasonably competent man, I guess you could say she was something like a mother...
Narration: *Kusakabe Asako was the only person I've ever called master, and the only person I ever will.*
Narration: *I was nothing but a filthy little cockroach she'd happened to carry home from her job one night. We weren't related; she had no obligation to do anything but flush me down the toilet. And instead, she spent the rest of her life raising me.*
Narration: *The woman was a force of nature, infallible and unshakable. Even if she's gone, Kusakabe Asako will always be the strongest woman in the world to me.*
Narration: *Just as I estimated, after about thirty minutes of trudging up the mountain the forest around us begins to thin, and the rough dirt trail grows gentle in slope...*
Narration: *As we reach an even plot of land that seems to have been cut neatly out of a natural plateau, a single log cabin comes into view beyond a chained-up metal gate.*
Yuuji: All right, Makina. We're here.
Makina: Uuu... I'm exhausted... Too hot... I'mma die... Issat th' house you grew up in, Papa...?
Yuuji: Grew up in...? Well, I guess you could say that... Yeah, this is the house where I was raised...
Narration: *It's only been two months or so since I left, but the cabin's already under siege by thick wild grasses. The sight inspires a small twinge of melancholy.*
Yuuji: I'm tempted to start attacking those weeds right away, but I guess we should go in and rest for a while first...
Makina: Uhhh ohhhh. Invitin' a girl back ta your place? Are yer intentions honorable, sir? Teeheehee.
Yuuji: ...Don't teeheehee me, kid. Now I have to call up Amane and give her yet another scolding...
Narration: *Removing my keyring from the carabiner I'd been using to fasten it to my belt, I select an old-fashioned key with a dull golden color―*
Narration: *Push it into the equally old-fashioned keyhole on the oil-finished teakwood door, and give it one rotation to the left.*
Narration: *The interior of the cabin, naturally enough, hasn't changed at all in the months since I saw it last.*
Narration: *Even after I left, I'm pretty confident JB kept up that melodramatic habit of dropping by for a solitary drink in memory of the departed―*
Narration: *But although she's surprisingly averse to cleaning for someone with such an anal personality, it seems she wasn't quite lazy enough to leave her crumpled cans and potato chip wrappers lying around the place.*
Makina: Hooh, so this is the house you were raised in, huh? There's sorta, I dunno, more stuff than I expected. Got a teevee an' all.
Yuuji: Well, it's not like I was living on my own...
Narration: *Only partially paying attention to the conversation, I wander over to the fridge and reach for the handle.*
Yuuji: ...Still cold. Guess the electricity's still flowing... Want something to drink?
Narration: *...Might've been a hasty offer.*
Yuuji: Nothing but beer and smoked cheese, huh...?
Narration: *Naturally enough, I emptied out the fridge before leaving this cabin behind. What little we do have is clearly just leftovers from JB's visits.*
Narration: *Other than the booze and snacks, there's also three bottles of my favorite eye drops sitting on a lower shelf. Probably the woman's attempt at a thoughtful gesture, in case I decided to return at some point.*
Narration: *I retrieve one bottle of eye drops from the fridge and glance over at Makina.*
Yuuji: Hey, Makina...
Makina: Hm?
Yuuji: Catch.
Makina: Uwaah... whoah! What's this? Eye drops?
Yuuji: A sniper's eyes are their life. Give that stuff a try. If you apply some to both eyes thirty minutes before shooting and stretch your ocular muscles, your focusing speed changes pretty dramatically.
Makina: Hmmm... lessee here...
Narration: *Gazing curiously at the bottle in her hand, Makina carefully breaks the seal, then leans her head back with mouth slightly ajar to apply the drops.*
Yuuji: One drop per eye is plenty. No need to blink too much, either. Give it a second, then start slowly moving your eyes in figure eights.
Narration: *As her eyeballs begin to move back and forth underneath her lids, Makina's upper body sways along with them.*
Yuuji: Slowly open your eyes. Alternate between looking at something nearby and something far away. Helps get you focusing properly.
Makina: ...Hokay... somethin' close... somethin' far...
Yuuji: That's all there is to it. Just repeat this four times a day: morning, noon, evening, and before you go to bed.
Makina: ............
Yuuji: ...You still listening?
Makina: Hey, Papa... that photo...
Narration: *Makina's eyes, after focusing at random on a distant object, have stopped darting back and forth.*
Narration: *She's staring at the middle of a small bookshelf, where a single photograph of Asako and me as a kid stands in a frame.*
Narration: *When I left this cabin behind, I'd deliberately flipped it face-down in an attempt at symbolic closure, but now it's been returned to its original position.*
Yuuji: ...Damn it, JB. Mind your own business...
Makina: Is that person in th' photo your master?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right...
Narration: *I reach out and take the frame from the bookshelf.*
Narration: *This is the one and only photograph of Asako remaining in this world.*
Narration: *It was taken not long after she first took me in. The day she dragged me off to a zoo in Ueno on what seemed like a whim.*
Yuuji: ...Not really a photograph I want to show off, but...
Narration: *I pass over the frame to Makina, who proceeds to intently contemplate the photo inside.*
Narration: *Asako glowers at the camera, eyebrows furrowed in clear irritation; at her side, a younger me stares coldly at nothing in particular, eyes clouded but glittering with a venomous sheen.*
Yuuji: I've got a pretty awful look on my face, right...?
Yuuji: At the time, I was just completely empty... Didn't give a damn about anything or anyone. Pretty much just a dead kid that forgot to stop breathing...
Yuuji: I guess Asako got so fed up watching me that she decided to try her hand at babysitting... Not exactly her field of expertise, you understand.
Makina: ...What... happened to you...?
Yuuji: It's a long story, but... the abbreviated version is that my whole family died. And I was deeply involved in their deaths...
Yuuji: I was responsible, so I couldn't just push the blame on someone else. That self-loathing was probably just too much for me to deal with. Wrapped myself up in a shell instead...
Makina: ...Oh...
Yuuji: But thanks to Asako, I managed to get back on my feet somehow...
Yuuji: She gave me... if not a reason to live, then at least an excuse not to die.
Yuuji: I might seem almost too vigorous these days, but if I hadn't met Asako... if Asako hadn't taken me in, I might well have died a long time ago.  
Makina: She saved your life...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Then she went and died before I had the chance to repay the debt. Unbelievable, right?
Makina: ...That's sad...
Yuuji: That's not how I felt about it, actually. I didn't really mourn when Asako passed.
Yuuji: I'd been prepared for the possibility she might die at any time, but for some reason I still had a hard time believing she was actually gone...
Yuuji: Guess there was a part of me that couldn't accept that monster of a woman was really dead...  
Yuuji: If there was one word that described Asako, it was "ridiculous." Not a shred of common sense in her body. She was a bull of a woman, and the world was her personal china shop―  
Yuuji: And to me, she was something like a god. Or a devil. Maybe both.
Makina: A devil? A god...? Either way, uh... sounds like she was a pretty amazin' person?
Yuuji: ...Haha... Okay, here's a story. This actually happened the same day that picture was taken.
Yuuji: I was just sitting around, wallowing in self-hatred... holding a private pity party, honestly. As if that was going to make up for anything... All of a sudden, Asako grabs me by the hand and drags me off to the zoo.
Yuuji: She showed me all these animals I'd never seen before. Elephants, giraffes, zebras, the whole deal. Probably hoping to get at least some minor sign of interest out of me.
Yuuji: But, well... I was really acting like a brat back then... I mean, I actually was a brat, but still. I kept myself inside that shell, not even twitching an eyebrow at anything she showed me...
Yuuji: And I guess that attitude got Asako pretty irritable after a while.
Yuuji: So the two of us are just standing there staring at the lions in complete silence, when all of a sudden this one big guy opens his mouth wide and tries to scare us off with a giant roar...
Yuuji: And the next thing I know, Asako's bellowing "Shut the hell up!! Don't GRROWR me, asshole!! I'll fuckin' kill you!!"  
Yuuji: ―So, yeah, she was the sort of person who'd get into a shouting contest with the king of the beasts. And win. Woman was nuts.
Makina: ...Amazin'...
Yuuji: I mean, her opponent was locked up in a cage. Anyone could've yelled at him if they wanted to...
Yuuji: But when Asako screamed in his face, the animal actually flinched, then just backed away slowly... You should've seen the look on his face.  
Yuuji: So there I was, gawking up at her with my eyes wide open, thinking "this woman's a complete lunatic," when I noticed I was smiling...
Yuuji: Guess that was the moment when I started slowly regaining halfway-normal emotions.
Makina: An' thanks to that, I got ta meet you. I should be grateful too, huh?
Yuuji: Well, I don't know about that... Who says meeting me was really a good thing? Hard to know for sure yet, don't you think?
Makina: ...Yeah, maybe. But at th' very least, don'tcha think you're the biggest influence in my life right now, Papa?
Yuuji: Hm. When you put it like that, I feel a little weight on my shoulders...
Narration: *Hey, Asako... I feel the same way as Makina.*
Narration: *I remember what you said to me just before you died―*
Narration: *"Sorry, Yuuji... ran my big mouth about teaching you how to live, but training you to do an ugly job in the shadows was the best I could manage..."*
Narration: *―Maybe so. But I'm still grateful to you.*
Narration: *Because even now, your words are what keep me stumbling forward...*
Narration: *Without intending to do so, I ended up on a fairly lengthy digression about my past. Among many mixed emotions, a small flush of embarrassment rose to the surface―*
Narration: *In an effort to hide this, I abruptly declared break time over, then led Makina around to the shed out back.*
Narration: *Although we always called it a "shed," the building itself is pretty impressive - not that different from the main cabin in size. It's a storehouse packed full of the tools and provisions necessary to live up here.*
Narration: *I pull Makina along into the storehouse, seeking out weapons with which to confront the well-entrenched hordes of weeds that have flourished in the summer heat―*
Narration: *Specifically, we retrieve a few hand scythes and spades, an old lawnmower, and a pair of straw hats hanging from nails on the wall.*
Narration: *A good straw hat with a wide brim is indispensable for weeding under the blazing sun. I put on the hat Asako used when she was alive, then drop the smaller one I wore as a child onto Makina's head.*
Narration: *It takes us another five minutes of climbing up the mountain to reach Asako's grave, not far from the summit. Her gravestone stands in a spot affording an unbroken view of the basin below.*
Narration: *While the location may be good, the "gravestone" itself is hardly worthy of the name. It's just a huge, fairly decent-looking rock picked at random from the woods, then half-buried in the ground to keep it erect―*
Narration: *In fact, the rough surface of the stone doesn't even have her name chiseled into it. It's a crude marker and nothing else.*
Narration: *Even so, there's no doubt that Asako's remains are resting here.*
Narration: *I was the one who took the ashes from the funeral home and buried them, and I was the one who raised the gravestone above them.*
Narration: *When it came to religion, Asako's official position was "no policy."*
Narration: *She used to half-joke about it. "If I croak, just bury me wherever. I won't complain as long as you burn me up first. You can just poke a popsicle stick in the ground for a gravestone."*
Narration: *―Left with these half-assed instructions to work off after Asako's death, JB arranged for the cremation, then agreed to leave the rest entirely to me.*
Narration: *I was at a complete loss for a while, but in the end decided to make the mountain where we'd lived together her final resting place.*
Narration: *Nobody criticized that choice, remote and lonely as it might seem. Asako never had a family to begin with, and her best friend JB had no complaints about my decision.*
Narration: *But since I was the one who chose this place, the duty of maintaining it also rests with me.*
Narration: *Starting the engine of the lawnmower I pushed up here from the shed, I have Makina hang back while I mow down the weeds in one sweep. When that's done, I switch to my spade and quietly begin digging away at their stubborn roots.  *
Narration: *Makina follows behind as I steadily work my way around the clearing. As I hack down the weeds and pull them out of the earth, she picks them up and collects them in heavy-duty trash bags.*
Narration: *It's ridiculously hot, dirty, and monotonous work. Not a fun job in any way, shape, or form. But Makina holds out surprisingly well, not complaining even once as we fight our way through the overgrown wildgrasses.*
Narration: *We keep it up for maybe two hours, covered in sweat and grime. It feels even longer than that.*
Narration: *By the time I finally sit down to stretch out my aching back, having fully liberated Asako's gravestone from the summer weeds that had nearly engulfed it, we've filled eight of our seventy-liter trash bags to the brim.*
Yuuji: ...Well, guess that's good enough...
Narration: *I slowly raise my tired body up off the ground, then turn around to look Makina in her dirt-smeared face.*
Narration: *Looking at the girl biting her lower lip with something uncertain in her eyes, I realize I've been hacking away at the weeds in total silence all this time. She may have been struggling along beside me in an attempt to be considerate.*
Narration: *Slightly touched, I speak to her in the gentlest tone of voice I can manage.*
Yuuji: You're tired, right? Let's call it a day.
Narration: *Taking the towel I'd wrapped around my neck for protection against the sun, I wipe the dirt from her face.*
Narration: *Apparently understanding from the gesture that I've finished this simple greeting to my departed friend, Makina's formerly tense face loosens into a dopey, ticklish smile.*
Narration: *By the time the colors of evening fill the sky, we've put away our tools and returned to the grave. I light a bundle of wooden chopsticks resting on a plate from the cabin's kitchen - a small welcoming fire for Asako's spirit.*
Narration: *Since Asako loved her drink, I also brought a can of beer from the fridge. Popping it open, I set it upside down on top of the gravestone and let the contents pour out.  *
Narration: *The thin, fluttering flame and its column of smoke are the signal beacon; the beer's the bait to make sure she doesn't hesitate to drop by. I close my eyes and press my hands together. A moment later, I can hear Makina do the same.*
Narration: *"Hey, Asako. I'm still dragging my sorry hide around, trying to figure out why you kept me alive. No luck on that front."*
Narration: *"But even so, I think there are a few things I'm starting to understand, little by little."*
Narration: *"The things I can do. The things only I can do. The things I have to do. And the things I want to do."*
Narration: *"Tell me something, Asako. Was this how it was for you as well...?"*
Narration: *"Did it start off as just a whim? Taking me in like that?"*
Narration: *"Even so, did that small presence at your side end up becoming your reason to live? I'm starting to feel like I can understand now."*
Narration: *"Not that it's that complicated, really. You just saw a face one day. And somehow, you just vaguely knew it was the one thing in the world you needed to protect. Am I right?"*
Narration: *"All of a sudden, you're telling yourself: Ah, now I get it. Maybe I've been living all this time so I could be here for this. To protect this one thing."*
Yuuji: ...This is Irisu Makina.
Narration: *I speak out loud to the wavering flame, introducing Makina to Asako's grave.*
Narration: *See? Look at that. I've found something I want to protect as well.*
Narration: *Just as you had your doubts back then, I don't know yet if I'm making the "right" decisions. And I understand that things never go as smoothly as planned.*
Narration: *Amane and I, currently playing the roles of Mommy and Daddy, probably do possess broader experience and knowledge than Makina. And we like to think that we understand her to some degree―*
Narration: *But even so, I can't say with any confidence that the well-intentioned advice we give her is necessarily worthwhile.*
Narration: *In separating the right from the wrong, there's only one decision that won't lead to regret: the one Makina makes herself.*
Narration: *Right now, she says she wants to be a baker or a sniper. But whatever road she chooses to follow, the decision ultimately has to be up to her.*
Narration: *You told me something about this once, right? If you want to choose the better path, listen carefully to the people who've walked the trail before you. As many of them as you can find.*
Narration: *Fortunately enough, Makina's still very young. She'll have the chance to hear many people's thoughts, and I think she should actively seek them out.*
Narration: *There's a limit to the amount of information any one human being can directly obtain. Don't get caught up with the things in front of your nose; keep trying for the big-picture perspective, and you won't go wrong too often.*
Narration: *Right, Asako?*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Makina. Want to say a little something to Asako as well?
Narration: *Still clasping her hands together and keeping her eyes shut, Makina quietly opens her mouth to speak. *
Makina: Thank you for raisin' Papa...
Narration: *"If it wasn't for you, I don't think Papa and I woulda met. So, thank you..."*
Narration: *Makina's softly mumbled words hit me harder than I'd expected.*
Narration: *Asako... you moved on and left me behind.*
Narration: *You did enough. You accomplished the job you were here to do. That's why you were allowed to die.*
Narration: *I haven't earned that right yet, but I'll get there someday. I know I will.*
Narration: *Think you can wait for me until then?*
Narration: *The gravestone offers no reply to my silent question.*
Narration: *I know perfectly well that this entire ceremony is nothing but a way for those left behind to find something like comfort, but I can still feel heat spreading behind my eyelids.*
Yuuji: All right, I'm hungry! Want to eat?
Makina: Yeah! Let's get some grub!
Narration: *Taking the plate in one hand as our small fire begins to gutter out, then seizing Makina's small hand in the other, I set off down the rough trail leading back to the cabin.*
Narration: *As twilight gives way to darkness, I twist open the propane stopcock, then leave the bathwater to heat as I begin preparing dinner.*
Narration: *But of course, the fridge is a barren wasteland, and the vegetable garden out behind the shed has run wild with weeds―*
Narration: *Our only viable provisions at the moment would be the stores of vacuum-packed instant rice and canned salmon piled up in the shed.*
Yuuji: ...Hrrrrm... can't manage much other than gruel or fried rice with this...
Makina: I also found some pasta under th' kitchen sink!
Yuuji: Pasta...? Aah, those're actually straight ramen noodles. Completely forgot we had that stuff.
Narration: *The packages Makina misidentified as pasta contain long strands of dried instant ramen noodles.*
Narration: *We used to have these stashed all over the place, and the Hakata pork-bones flavor in particular was one of Asako's favorite foods. After a few beers, she'd almost always devour a bowl of ramen heaping with vegetables.*
Yuuji: That brings me back. Asako used to make these for me all the time when she got drunk...
Narration: *Normally you're supposed to boil these for three minutes, but Asako opted for a sixty-second stir-fry in a pan. She'd focus mainly on eating the toppings, picking out a well-simmered noodle only every once in a while.*
Yuuji: Makina, you haven't tried these before, have you? Want to have some?
Makina: Yeah! Let me at 'em!
Narration: *That said, we've got nothing in the way of toppings. Can't hope to imitate the Asako-style tower of fried bean sprouts and cabbage doused in vegetable oil.*
Narration: *Fortunately enough, we do discover dry chives and roasted sesame seeds under the sink, if not red pickled ginger or strips of pork―*
Narration: *It's little more than "plain ramen," but in combination with the fried rice we've at least got a somewhat respectable looking meal on our table fifteen minutes later.*
Narration: *Rather than dinner, it does seem a little more like an oversized midnight snack. But perhaps owing to Amane's strong anti-instant ideological leanings, Makina seems to find some novelty value in the meal―*
Narration: *She gobbles down the ramen in the blink of an eye, repeatedly yelping "deelishus."*
Narration: *By the time we've finished with this somewhat rough supper, the hour hand on the clock's turned past eight.*
Narration: *Returning to Mihama at this hour would be far too troublesome, and more than anything else I'm concerned about the danger Makina might fall asleep in the back seat and slip right off―*
Narration: *All things considered, it'd clearly be best to set up camp in the cabin for the night, then make our way back tomorrow morning.*
Narration: *Her belly full, Makina's already begun to mumble incoherently on the verge of sleep. I haul her to her feet and unceremoniously strip off her clothes―*
Narration: *Then launch her into the bath with a kick to the rear, tossing her dirty outfit into the beat-up old washer/dryer just outside the bathroom door.*
Yuuji: You still awake in there?
Narration: *As I'm transferring her wet clothes to the dryer half of the machine, I call out to Makina for the third time in the last ten minutes. Last thing I need is the girl falling asleep in the tub and drowning herself.*
Makina: Yussss.♪
Narration: *If I strain my ears, I can make out the sound of Makina splashing around washing her body― *
Narration: *As well as her cheerful rendition of Tunafish Man's theme song, which mainly involves yowling "Maguro-Man, Fighting for Justice" repeatedly in a jumble of English and Japanese.  *
Narration: *But seriously, is that ghastly human-tuna hybrid really supposed to be a superhero...?*
Narration: *Just seeing the character without any context, I'm pretty sure I would've pegged him as a hideous monster of the week rather than the protagonist...*
Narration: *But then again, the world's a place of constant change. Maybe the children of the world have acquired a taste for the avant-garde in their Saturday morning entertainment? Either way, it seems I've still got a lot to learn.*
Narration: *When Makina gets out of the bath, I wrap a white towel snugly around her head and twist it back and forth until her hair's dry―*
Narration: *Then slip an old oxford shirt from my days as a student in America onto her as a temporary substitute for her clothes.*
Narration: *Naked except for a long-sleeved man's dress shirt several sizes too large, Makina begins loosely bending her waist back and forth like a patient suffering amoebic dysentery, then coos "ooh la laaa" in a high-pitched tone.*
Makina: Whatcha think? Sexy enough for ya?
Yuuji: All right, wait here. I'll get a dictionary so you can take a careful look at the definition of the word "sexy."
Makina: Would it kill ya to at least pretend ta be a little be-guyled?
Narration: *Whatever my faults, I pride myself on my sincerity toward women.*
Narration: *Before her bath, Makina's eyelids seemed to have grown about as heavy as lead, but the hot water seems to have given her something of a second wind. It takes a little doing to get her crammed into bed.*
Narration: *Although she nods off easily enough in the middle of the day, the girl also has a habit of refusing to fall asleep when you actually want her to. Normally I could leave this to Amane, but that's obviously not an option today.*
Narration: *Fortunately, no matter how much Makina grumbles about not being sleepy yet, when I forcibly scoop her up she always ceases the struggle and wraps her arms around my neck. Basically, the girl's just scared of going to bed alone.*
Narration: *After that, it's a simple matter of depositing her in bed and holding her hand for the thirty minutes or so until she falls asleep in earnest.*
Narration: *When I lift Makina's small body in my arms, I'm struck by the scent of a familiar shampoo, mingling with the subtly feminine smell of her skin. It reminds me so strongly of Asako that I actually start a little in surprise.*
Makina: Hey, Papa. Will ya continue that story from before?
Yuuji: Hm... uhhh... which one was I telling you, again...?
Makina: Welp... the one from when you were livin' in America, and made a bet with a friend about hittin' a target from 180 meters...
Yuuji: What, again? I've already told you that one three times today.
Makina: I wanna hear it one more time. Oh, and that "Field of Fire: Fifteen Centimeters" story from when you were hikin' with everybody.
Yuuji: You really like this stuff for some reason, don't you...?
Narration: *I'm not sure why she finds this sort of thing so interesting, but Makina's burning to hear my stories lately.*
Narration: *"The Flowerpot, the Cat, and the Severed Head" "His Name Was Ryback" "Unlucky Zippo" "Where's the Telephone? Attu Island"*
Narration: *From among this fairly well-varied assortment of anecdotes, there's one in particular that's clearly become the girl's favorite―*
Narration: *Specifically, "180 Meters From Scrubbing the John." *
Yuuji: ...Right, so this was back when I was fourteen years old, attending "Uncle Sam's School" in America. One day, I ended up making a bet with a classmate...
Narration: *I'd been distinguishing myself as a sniper at the time, and this particular classmate kept coming at me with this stupid line... "What's with the rifle speciality? Isn't your name Uzi?" *
Narration: *Not only did I not fight back, I didn't show the slightest sign of irritation at the stupid joke, which eventually pissed my classmate off pretty badly. They ended up challenging me to a bet, hoping to knock me down a peg.  *
Narration: *The bet itself was about as simple as they come. I had to land a shot on a can of tomatoes from 200 yards.*
Narration: *It sounded pretty damn pointless, so I refused to play along at first. But when my classmate offered to take over a week's worth of laundry duty if I won, my perspective on the matter changed.*
Narration: *After managing to bargain my way up to three shots, I ultimately accepted the bet. But there was one major problem: the rifle I had to use.*
Narration: *At the time, I didn't have authorization to use anything but the "small bore" and its 22-caliber rounds. So inevitably, the gun I was using for this bet was just such a 22LR bolt action rifle.*
Narration: *Normally speaking, you want to be firing a small bore rifle at 25-50 meters. The bullet itself can travel a good 1600, but the effective range normally maxes out at less than 100.*
Narration: *Not only was I using this thing for a shot from 200 yards, or slightly over 182 meters, it was taking place outside where I'd have to deal with wind. Felt like pretty shitty odds, but on the second round I managed a solid hit.*
Narration: *Naturally, that meant I was the winner of our bet, but unfortunately―*
Narration: *One of the instructors found out I'd taken the rifle without permission, so instead of a laundry-free week of leisure, I ended up ordered to scrub latrines until shit smelled like daisies.*
Yuuji: ...But apparently, the tomato can I shot is still enshrined in the school cafeteria, along with photographic evidence...
Narration: *I'm not trying to get all nostalgic about my "wild youth" or whatever, but I can't help smiling a little wryly... more at my inability to tell Makina a halfway decent bedtime story than anything else.*
Makina: ...Nnyu... fnya...
Narration: *But when I finally snap back to reality, I realize that Makina's closed her eyes and begun mumbling in her sleep.*
Narration: *The lengthy trip and weeding in the sun must've tired her out after all. Feeling more than a little relieved, I quietly leave the cabin with my cell phone in hand.*
Narration: *Although there is a tower relatively close by, the signal's not particularly good inside the cabin itself. I walk off a little ways until the meter at the top of my screen displays three bars―  *
Narration: *Then call up the contacts list and select Komine Sachi's name.*
Narration: *After about three rings, she picks up the phone - and instantly, not even bothering to say hello, begins hurling questions at me.*
Sachi: ...Is that you, Kazami-san? May I inquire as to your current location? I made several attempts to contact you recently, but... 
Yuuji: ...Ah, sorry. The reception's not so great out here...
Sachi: You're out very late. Everyone's been rather worried... Do you have any idea when you might be returning...?
Yuuji: Right, about that. We're actually still in Yamanashi. Makina's already fallen asleep, so for tonight we're going to stay out here, then head back tomorrow around noon.
Sachi: ...The two of you... are staying over?
Yuuji: Sorry for the trouble, but would you mind looking after Makina's crawfish and apple seedling while we're away?
Sachi: ...Hooooh... You're staying over!?
Yuuji: Uh, no... the signal's fine. I could hear you the first time. No need to repeat the question twenty decibels louder...
Michiru: ...Huh!? What!? Did you just say staying over!? You did, right!? What's going on!? Are they staying in a hotel!?
Michiru: They're shacked up in a love hotel and they're not coming back till they run out of rubbers!? Is that it!? That's totally it! Yuuji, you beast! You beaaaast!  
Yuuji: ...See, now look what you've done... That noisy blond's in full squawk...
Sachi: I do apologize, but could you please wait a moment?
Yuuji: Uh, not a problem, I guess...
Michiru: ...Hngfh...
Yuuji: ...Huh?
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi...? What was that sound...?
Sachi: ...Haaa... haaa... haa... M-My apologies, Kazami-san... I had Michiru-sama calm down a little. There shouldn't be any further issues...  
Yuuji: I see. Sorry for the hassle...
Sachi: Well then... uhm, you wanted me to take care of the crawfish and apple seedling, yes?
Yuuji: That's right. We should be back tomorrow afternoon, so I doubt it'll be a problem, but I'd appreciate it if you'd just keep an eye on them.
Sachi: Understood. Leave everything to me, Kazami-san. Please take your time and enjoy a relaxed, careful return trip.
Yuuji: Hrm, thanks. I'll make sure to bring you some hoto and black honey rice cakes as a souvenir. 
Sachi: Certainly. And also, uhm...
Yuuji: Hm? What's up?
Sachi: ...I'm rather hesitant to say this, as it may seem rather forward, but... well... I do hope you'll try to be conscientious in regards to contraception, at least...
Yuuji: Not to worry. I picked up a 24-pack of rubbers on the way over.
Sachi: .....................
Yuuji: It's a joke. Don't clam up on me.
Sachi: Yes. Of course. But, er, please be careful about the 25th round...
Yuuji: I'm telling you, it was a joke. I'm not going to do anything. In the first place, Makina's already asleep, remember? 
Sachi: ...You intend to jam it in as she slumbers...?
Yuuji: You're really determined about this, aren't you...
Sachi: It's a joke. Kazami-style humor, yes?
Yuuji: ...I'm going to hang up now.
Sachi: Very well. In that case, I shall await your return with all my heart. Have a pleasant evening.
Yuuji: Night.
Yuuji: ...What's going on with that girl? I feel like there's a lot more venom in her tongue lately... and her problem-solving's definitely getting a little on the violent side...
Narration: *Amane and Michiru seem to think it's entirely my fault, but I don't remember giving Sachi any orders to act like this. In fact, I make every effort to give her only strictly appropriate instructions.*
Narration: *But come to think of it, there was that one incident the other day... I was telling Makina another of my stories, and paused to note the most efficient ways to help a panicked officer cadet regain presence of mind in a foxhole...*
Narration: *Sachi, who'd been listening in, nodded with deep conviction and commented "I see. In other words, blunt weapons are the best medicine for derangement?"*
Yuuji: ...Surely unrelated. Just another example of the female need to blame every problem on a man...
Narration: *This sort of unfounded generalizing is probably exactly the kind of thing that turns women against us, but it helps me regain the necessary composure to make my second call. I choose Amane's number and return the phone to my ear.*
Narration: *―A completely unfamiliar woman's voice answers the phone.*
Woman: Yeeees, hellooo? Who is iiiit?
Yuuji: Who the hell are you supposed to be!?
Narration: *I pull the phone away from my ear and double-check the screen, but I'm definitely connected to the number marked "Suou Amane."*
Woman: Uwaaah, scary! He got hella mad f'r some reason... Whatever shall ah do...?
Amane: Ah! What the... Stop it! That's my cell phone, isn't it!? Give it back!!
Woman: Ahahah. Sorry 'bout that, Romeo! Ah'll return Amane to ya now...
Amane: ...Arrrgh! Hello!? Huh? Who is it!? Yuuji?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's me. Who the hell was that woman? Is she on morphine?
Amane: Aah, sorry. I'm at a karaoke place with some friends from around here. Guess they saw a guy's name show up on my phone and decided to play a dumb prank...
Yuuji: You people aren't dabbling in hard drugs, are you?
Amane: Of course not! I mean, hold on, what's this about? You almost never call me. Did something happen?
Woman: Yuuuujiii! I luuuurve youuu!♪
Amane: Argh! Geez! Can you please just shut up for a minute!?!
Yuuji: Amane, my friend, I prescribe a dose of blunt weaponry to the head.
Amane: Huh? What are you talking about? Hold on a second, I'm leaving the room now...
Narration: *On the other side of the line, I hear the sound of Amane opening a door, and a chorus of shrill voices hooting at her.*
Amane: Sorry about that. So what's up? Struck by a sudden urge to hear my voice or something?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right. I just had to hear that voice of yours, so I couldn't help giving you a call. Did I make a nuisance of myself?
Amane: W-Well... not really, but...
Yuuji: I see. All right then, enough joking around. Let's get to the main topic.
Amane: ...Jo...
Yuuji: Here's the thing, Amane. Makina and I are currently in Yamanashi.
Amane: Excuse me? Why Yamanashi? Oh, right... you're visiting that grave?
Yuuji: That's right. Came up with the idea pretty suddenly after we saw you off this morning. I borrowed your Bobataro for the trip.
Amane: Oh? Bobataro actually got you out there?
Yuuji: Yeah. You've been having trouble with the engine suddenly dying on you at random times, right? The CDI's probably the issue.
Amane: Uh, okay... not that I really know what the "See Dee Eye" is...
Yuuji: You're riding a hot rod and you don't even know that much?
Amane: Look, it's not like I'm the one who remodeled it, you know? Heck, that's how it was when I bought it from the dealer.
Yuuji: What kind of store would sell a ridiculous low-rider like that?
Amane: Mmm, well, I got my license when I was sixteen, then just dropped by the neighborhood motorcycle shop to see if they had anything decent. And one of their employees just happened to be switching to this big hog.
Amane: They offered to cut me a pretty nice deal on the old bike, so I ended up buying without really thinking it over...
Amane: But anyway, I'm glad you figured it out. The engine kept going "thump" and dying while I was waiting for a light to change or whatever. Wouldn't start back up unless I let it cool for 30 minutes, you know? It was a huge pain.
Yuuji: The wiring inside the CDI's probably swelling from the heat, disconnecting it temporarily.
Amane: Ooh, I see. How much would it take to fix, you think?
Yuuji: I'm not a motorcycle mechanic. I can't tell you that much.
Amane: Well, whatever. I'm okay with you borrowing Bobataro, so just make sure you ride him nice and carefully, all right?
Yuuji: Yeah, understood. I won't do anything stupid.
Amane: How's Makina? Is she eating properly?
Yuuji: Well, let's see... For lunch, we had cinnamon rolls and pumpkin bread Makina baked. Dinner was ramen and fried rice.
Amane: Oh, come ooon... you didn't eat any vegetables at all? You just promised me this morning!
Yuuji: Sorry. I'll make sure to feed her something green tomorrow.
Amane: You better, okay? Now I'm feeling all anxious again... Make sure she eats three meals a day, and don't let her snack after eight at night!
Yuuji: What, is she some kind of magical gremlin...? Well, whatever, I'll be careful. If anything does come up, you'll be the first to know.
Amane: Got it. Take care on the way back, okay? Don't let Makina get hurt.
Yuuji: Understood. All right then, good night.
Amane: Yep, sweet dreams. Make sure they're about me.
Yuuji: ...Spare me, I get enough lectures in my waking hours...
Narration: *For some reason, my dreams are always nightmares.*
Yuuji: All right then, that just leaves...
Narration: *I scroll down to JB's name on my phone's contact list, then press the call button.*
Yuuji: ...Have to say, though, I'm a man of many collars...
Narration: *The trip itinerary I submitted to JB earlier didn't include any reference to staying the night away from my "post."*
Narration: *I'm sure they're aware that I'm still in Yamanashi from tracking the GPS on my other cell phone, but―*
Narration: *That doesn't mean I can get away with completely blowing off the formalities.*
Narration: *Even if I do get in touch, it's easy to picture that shaggy-headed blond griping and scolding at me again. But if I take the initiative to call instead of making her do it, the voltage of her lightning bolts should decrease slightly.*
Voicemail: ...I'm unable to answer the phone at the moment. Please leave your name and message after the beep...
Yuuji: What's this? You burning the midnight oil over there...?
Yuuji: Kazami Yuuji and Irisu Makina, status normal. My current location is Asako's cabin in Yamanashi. Scheduled return to post by twelve hundred hours tomorrow. End of message. 
Narration: *After recording this extremely concise summary of the necessary information, I'm just on the verge of hanging up when I reflexively hesitate. After a moment's pause, I return the receiver to my mouth once more.*
Yuuji: ...Night, Julia.
Narration: *The hour being what it is, recording a little extra in the way of pleasantries shouldn't cause any issues. My message complete, I hang up and finally snap the phone shut.*
Yuuji: ...Haaah...
Narration: *As I slide the cell phone back into my pocket, a sigh spills unprompted out of my mouth.*
Narration: *In the isolated mountain night, the only sounds are the rustling of trees in the wind and the chirping of insects reveling in summer.*
Narration: *I don't mind not hearing people or their machines in the least, but the bugs are fairly noisy in their own right.*
Narration: *That said, it just makes you feel anxious when things get too quiet. Human beings are pretty hard to please.*
Narration: *Hearing nothing but the sounds you make yourself is a genuinely terrifying thing.*
Narration: *There was a time, years ago, when I woke up half-buried under a pile of soil and sand, unable to remember how I'd come to be there.*
Narration: *I must've lain there for a good three minutes, racking my brain, before finally realizing that a field artillery shell had landed nearby. Pushed away violently by the man behind me, I'd fallen roughly into my foxhole as dirt rained down.*
Narration: *When I crawled up out of the hole, I noticed that my eardrums were malfunctioning badly. I couldn't hear a thing other than a high-pitched ringing sound.*
Narration: *It was the middle of the night, so my field of vision was just as poor. The small slivers of moonlight trickling through the trees above weren't enough to make out any movement around me.*
Narration: *The fear that had been swirling around my gut became a cold dread creeping slowly up my spine. It felt like I might be the only person on earth. As if I'd been left behind on a dead and empty husk of a world.*
Narration: *The night can be very dark sometimes. When I'm facing it alone, I always remember that moment.*
Yuuji: ...Asako...
Narration: *Looking up into the sky, I hear her name slip out of my mouth.*
Narration: *Just how long am I planning to drag her memory around like a ball and chain?*
Narration: *It's not like Asako wanted that herself. She told me flat out, didn't she?*
Narration: *"If I die, forget about me within a year."*
Narration: *It's been a year and a half. I should've forgotten her completely by now. I promised I would.*
Yuuji: ...But it's hard, Asako... being alone...
Narration: *"Stop sniveling and grow a pair! You have someone to protect yourself now, don't you!?"*
Narration: *I can almost hear the words, feel the slap upside the head. But she's no longer here to deliver them.*
Narration: *August 9th, 2011, 11:25 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―The next day, just as scheduled, Makina and I return to the Mihama Academy dorm a little before noon.*
Narration: *Although the total length of our trip was barely more than a day, for Makina it seems to have qualified as a genuine adventure. From the moment she woke up this morning, the girl was even more hyper than usual.*
Narration: *She insisted that "just headin' back wouldn't be no fun," so after I deposited her in the tandem seat― *
Narration: *We ate a quick breakfast of dried fish in a diner open early for the local fishermen, then drove around on a lightning tour of the major local sightseeing points, eventually winding our way leisurely back while taking frequent breaks.*
Makina: ...And so, I'm deeply ashamed to announce... I have returned!! 
Yuuji: I don't understand what you're supposed to be ashamed about... and it's not like we went to Guam or something, you know?
Sachi: Kazami-san, Maki-chan, welcome back.
Yuuji: Yeah, we're home.
Sachi: Were you able to visit the grave? How was your trip?
Makina: It was fun! We dropped by Mount Tapachao on th' way back, too! Th' view was th' very picture of picturesquity!
Yuuji: That's in Saipan. You climbed Mt. Fuji. And we only made it as far as the fifth station.
Makina: Fer souvenirs, I got y'all some chocolate macadamia nuts! Nibble away at 'em to yer heart's content, everyone!
Yuuji: Now it's Hawaii? Incidentally, the things you're waving around with a giant grin on your face are rice cakes with black honey.
Sachi: Uhm... just how far did you end up going, exactly? Oceania...?
Makina: Awwwright! I'm now Oceaniac Man! Morphin' time!!
Yuuji: Don't start morphing into abstract geopolitical constructs!
Yumiko: I see... you're back.
Makina: Heya, Yumi-chan! I'm deeply ashamed to announce that I have returned!
Yumiko: ...I heard you the first time.
Makina: Solomon! I have...!
Yumiko: Yes, yes. Kindly keep the nuclear weaponry to yourself... *Sigh*...
Narration: *Bombarded by Makina's raw energy - elevated beyond baseline levels into something perilously close to a "frenzy" - Sakaki sighs heavily, her expression vaguely gloomy...  *
Narration: *I can practically see the words "the return of the troublemaker" rising up her throat, only to be forced back down through an effort of will.*
Yumiko: Yesterday was such a peaceful day...
Makina: C'mon, do ya really gotta mumble that all wistfully while starin' off into the distance...? 
Michiru: ...Uuugh... will you people please shut up? I've got a killer headache, so keep it down...
Makina: Uho? Ya got a hangover, Chiruchiru?
Michiru: No! I don't know what it is, but my head's throbbing today... and my memories from last night are kind of vague for some reason...
Sachi: Perhaps you overtaxed yourself with excessive studying? Please do take good care of your head. It'll last a lifetime if you're careful with it.
Yuuji: ............
Sachi: ...Is something the matter?
Yuuji: No. Just wondering where to begin jabbing at that...
Narration: *I mean, the idea of Michiru studying is enough to make you die laughing. And if your "head" ever stops functioning, your life's over, so the second part of the sentence is a meaningless truism.*
Narration: *But first and foremost... you're the one who judged that deranged blond to be a threat and subdued her through blunt force...*
Sachi: If you have your heart absolutely set on jabbing at me, I will endure your thrusts bravely. But if possible, I would appreciate it if you could restrain yourself.
Yuuji: I see... At times, it's hard being a man.
Michiru: What are you guys even talking about?
Makina: A man who wants ta jab and a woman who doesn't wanna be jabbed... Ya can't always get what ya want!
Michiru: I don't really get it, but anyway, keep it down out here. I mean, what's with you, anyway? You seem weirdly fired up. 
Yuuji: Well, it seems I put the girl to bed too early last night. She woke up at half past four in the morning today.
Yuuji: Didn't seem like she was going back to bed any time soon, so I ended up leaving a little earlier than planned. We improvised a half-assed little sightseeing tour on the way back...
Makina: I ain't slept much, so I'm ridin' th' high!
Yumiko: In addition to which, the lingering thrill of the trip itself hasn't quite worn off yet...
Yumiko: Remembering only that it was "fun," she seems to have completely forgotten what exactly you saw. Much like an elementary school child returning from a field trip.
Makina: Talk about rude. We went ta the mountains and th' lakes an' all that. So there.
Yumiko: All right then. What mountain did you climb, and what lake did you see? Can you name them?
Makina: ...Erm... Mount Apo an' Lake ●hittyc●cka...?
Michiru: ...Uh, what did you just say?
Sachi: ...Such courage, to request a repetition! You have earned my admiration, Michiru-sama.
Yuuji: Close, but no. They're both the tallest mountains in their countries, but that one's in the Philippines. As for Lake ●hittyc●cka... wrong hemisphere, and you mangled the name so horribly I want to wash out my ears with soap...
Michiru: How are either of those "close" in the slightest...?
Yumiko: ...More importantly, Irisu-san, might that slip of the tongue have been intentional?
Makina: T-Takitish. Just a li'l flub, don'cha know?
Sachi: ...A Kumamoto accent...?
Yuuji: Well... I don't know, maybe this is a bit of a rebound?
Michiru: What the heck does that mean?
Yuuji: Even Makina wouldn't run around shrieking on a visit to a grave. Maybe this is just the recoil from all that time she spent actually behaving herself...
Yuuji: Then again, I did see a new side of her, so maybe the whole hyper act is an attempt at hiding her embarrassment.
Makina: ...Uhm... don't go sayin' stuff like that, okay? I got a rep ta maintain here...
Yuuji: In any case, I'm glad we got back in one piece...
Sachi: It seems as though you're rather tired.
Yuuji: Yeah, I won't deny I'm a little worn out.
Narration: *Amane's Bobataro is fine for tooling around the neighborhood, but it's just not that suited for long-distance travel.*
Narration: *I couldn't quite stomach taking that thing onto the expressway, so we came all the way back on local roads. That probably contributed to the fatigue as well.*
Sachi: For the moment, why not head into the bath and relax a little? 
Makina: That sounds good! I'm gonna take a soak and get a li'l sleep myself!
Yuuji: Hold on, don't you have your part time job this afternoon?
Makina: Indeed! Gotta be there at two in th' afternoon! So wake me up at one, Sacchin!
Sachi: Yes, of course. One in the afternoon it shall be.
Narration: *To be honest, I wasn't able to get much rest at all last night.*
Narration: *I've had a surprising string of days recently where I've managed to get a solid eight hours of sleep, so I'd almost started to forget―*
Narration: *But I've never been a deep sleeper, and typically jerk awake several times a night. Yesterday was a particularly awful example.*
Narration: *It's not like I'm physically exhausted, but I can definitely feel something like mental weariness weighing down on me―*
Narration: *So after reporting our safe return to Amane and JB, I apply my eye drops and lie down. Practically the moment my eyes close, some tense chord inside me snaps at last, and I tumble down into unconsciousness.*
Narration: *August 9th, 2011, 19:00 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―When I heard about the bombing, the sky outside had already grown pink, and the cries of cicadas were beginning to cool down the scorched earth.*
Narration: *With a few hours of deep and dreamless sleep behind me, I walk out into the lobby, trying to shake off the slight lingering heaviness in the core of my head―  *
Narration: *Encounter Sakaki there, glued to the television, and receive the unexpected news that a bombing has taken place in the vicinity of Mishima Cape Station.*
Narration: *According to the news program she's watching, an automobile parked by the road in the shopping district abruptly exploded around six this evening... but that's not what I need to know right now.*
Yuuji: And? Is Makina all right?
Yumiko: Yes. She was apparently quite close by, but it seems that she wasn't harmed... However...
Yuuji: However...?
Yumiko: ...The girl was acting a little strangely. Most likely, she witnessed something rather terrible... It must have been a bit of a shock.
Yuuji: I see... And where is she now...?
Yumiko: Lying down in Suou-san's room, with Komine-san attending to her... It would be best to leave her be for the moment.
Yuuji: ...Hrm... all right.
Narration: *―The word "bombing" means it wasn't an explosion caused by someone carelessly overturning a fuel tanker, or some other "accident" of that sort.*
Narration: *It looks like the vehicle that exploded was a standard-sized passenger automobile, but from the low-resolution images on the television news program it's not possible to identify the model or brand.*
Narration: *However, Sakaki's clicking away at her notebook PC as we're watching the show, and eventually finds a better-quality photograph taken at the scene on the internet. Through that, we're able to establish it was a German luxury car.*
Narration: *The vehicle had completely flipped over from the force of the explosives, but as a rule German automobiles are built sturdy. The body itself may be damaged beyond the point of repair, but the cabin wasn't crushed or deformed.*
Narration: *At a glance, I'm willing to bet they used Semtex, and the explosion clearly occurred underneath the car.*
Narration: *Since the interior of the car itself wasn't blown apart, it seems likely that they used a shaped charge deliberately set to flip the entire thing over...*
Narration: *That would seem to suggest they didn't know ahead of time which seat their target would be using.*
Narration: *Given such extensive damage to the entire vehicle, even if the cabin remained intact, there's no guarantee anyone would get out of the ensuing fire alive.*
Yumiko: I did mention that this incident is connected to Irisu-san, yes...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yumiko: That wasn't just a reference to the fact that she happened to witness the incident. Irisu-san... or rather, her family, the Irisu clan... are deeply involved in the bombing itself.
Yuuji: What do you mean...?
Yumiko: ...The car that exploded belonged to her family. The two individuals inside were a chauffeur in the driver's seat, and a member of the Irisu clan in the back...
Yuuji: Who was it...?
Yumiko: ...Irisu Sarina. Irisu Makina's younger sister.
Yuuji: Her younger sister...? Makina's sister was... But why was she even...?
Yumiko: You've heard of that new "fashion building" currently under construction to the south of Mishima Cape Station, yes?
Yuuji: Yeah... that one that was supposed to open before summer vacation, but ended up getting delayed?
Narration: *I remember Amane mentioning something about this.*
Narration: *From what she told me, the place was going to be something like a mall focusing on high fashion. Numerous brands had signed on as tenants, along with restaurants and a movie theater―*
Narration: *In particular, there were some foreign boutiques that would be launching their first stores in Japan there, so its upcoming opening was apparently generating some real buzz.*
Yumiko: ...There was a lot going on "behind the scenes" with that delay, but... I think it's safe to assume that has nothing to do with this incident...
Yumiko: Irisu-san's sister came here to shop at a certain boutique before its official opening. She was apparently returning from that visit when the bombing occurred...
Yuuji: Why do you know so much about this?
Yumiko: Knowledgeable people are knowledgeable about everything. Tell me, are you familiar with "Set a Thief to Catch a Thief?"
Yuuji: Well, I know what the phrase means...
Yumiko: That's not what I meant. There's an online members-only information exchange by that name. The information we're discussing now, as well as the photograph of the scene I showed you earlier, came from there.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *JB's registered on a similar site, actually.*
Narration: *It's impossible to join without the recommendation of an existing member, a new account is in the tens of millions of yen, and even the monthly fee is in the millions. I remember her complaining about the ridiculous charges...*
Narration: *But for some reason, the stream of new applicants never seems to dry up.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, it's a little disturbing that this girl already has a membership to a site like that at her age...*
Yumiko: ...It is a relatively reliable source, but there is of course a limit to what you can learn there. And the information I can afford on my pocket money doesn't amount to much...
Yumiko: But if you consider what we have in light of the broader circumstances, it seems reasonable to conclude that something may have taken place within Irisu-san's family.
Yuuji: ...What's that "something" supposed to be?
Yumiko: If I knew, I wouldn't be beating around the bush like this...
Yumiko: This is nothing but speculation on my part, but I can't help thinking of the kidnapping that ended with Irisu-san driven out of her home...
Yumiko: Perhaps the matter with the nuclear power plant that triggered that incident is still moving under the surface of the water...
Yuuji: Hold on, Sakaki... you knew about Makina's kidnapping...? 
Yumiko: The rough synopsis, at least. But I'd like you to understand that I didn't investigate out of lurid curiosity. My family... wasn't completely unconnected to the matter either.
Yuuji: But... I hadn't heard it was connected to a nuclear power plant... Makina's father was an accountant at the Ministry of Defense, wasn't he...? How does that tie together...?
Yumiko: ...And where did you get that information...?
Yuuji: A superior at my part-time job...
Yumiko: ...I think I can make a few rough guesses about the nature of this "job" of yours as well... but I suppose it would be best not to ask the particulars, yes...?
Yuuji: That'd be appreciated... Also, I'm nothing but a "part-timer." Try to keep that in mind. 
Yumiko: Well, in any case... at the moment I suppose we should be worrying about what Irisu-san witnessed and how it concerns her. Let's leave the rest aside for now. 
Narration: *There's a sickening swell of uneasiness rising in my chest. What the hell is this...? What's going on...?*
Sachi: ...Maki-chan has finally fallen asleep.
Yuuji: Is it all right to leave her alone?
Sachi: At the moment she's sleeping quite deeply, and Michiru-sama is by her side. I don't believe there's any reason to be concerned.
Yumiko: What exactly happened? Did she tell you anything?
Sachi: ...Yes... she was able to provide a detailed account. It was enough to make me realize how very little I really knew about Maki-chan...  
Yuuji: Why was Makina on the scene of the bombing in the first place...?
Sachi: It's not that she was directly involved... She simply happened to be passing by on a bread delivery to a hotel and coffee shop in the area...
Narration: *Makina was cheerfully humming her way down the street in front of the station, bags of fresh bread carefully cradled in her arms, when she noticed a shrill, irritable-sounding voice a little ways ahead of her.  *
Narration: *When she casually glanced up to find its source, Makina discovered that the voice belonged to a girl about her own age. The girl was walking down the sidewalk in the opposite direction, a man in a black suit following closely behind like an escort.*
Narration: *Makina recognized that girl at once.*
Narration: *It was her little sister.*
Narration: *When the psychological trauma of Makina's kidnapping had left her unable to handle even the demands of everyday life, this girl had taken her place as the future leader of their clan...*
Narration: *Although Makina thought of her as a "sister," their fathers were different. She was the product of a lengthy tryst between Makina's mother and a man from the branch family.*
Narration: *Unlike Makina, who took after her father with a round chubby face―*
Narration: *Her sister's features had always been more refined, strongly resembling their mother. As a child, Makina had been envious of her appearance.*
Narration: *But today, that shapely face was contorted in irritation, an expression that spoke of stress and deep-rooted frustration.*
Sarina: ...We informed them beforehand that I'd be coming, and told them exactly what I wanted to purchase, correct? Why on earth didn't they have the correct size?
Sarina: Are they not interested in actually selling their products? Or was this just a personal insult to me?
Servant: I sincerely apologize. Our advance notice was inadequately detailed. We'll have it delivered to the residence tomorrow, so please try to pardon the blunder...  
Narration: *As the voices drew closer, Makina reflexively hid herself in the shadows. It was an old habit.*
Narration: *If Makina hadn't taken ill, her sister never would've been placed in her current position. She'd probably be living normally in the branch family even now.*
Narration: *At first glance, this pampered, ultra-privileged lifestyle might seem preferable to that.*
Narration: *However, Makina had learned from Kazami Yuuji that a life totally free of inconvenience only hinders your growth as an individual―*
Narration: *And today, she couldn't see the girl in front of her as anything but an unfortunate. Robbed of dreams, hopes, and freedom in exchange for empty luxury. She felt a twinge of something very much like pity.*
Narration: *Makina had been the same way once. It was only after her arrival at Mihama that she came to understand the virtues of a "normal" existence. Biting her lower lip, she whispered a sympathetic apology inside her mind.*
Narration: *"I'm sorry, Sacchin..."*
Narration: *Makina first learned she had a little sister when she was five years old.*
Narration: *As the eldest daughter of the family's head, she'd been raised as an only child. But when she learned that her mother had borne a child to the branch family's second son only a year after her own birth, she was genuinely happy.*
Narration: *At the time, Makina didn't really understand the implications of her mother giving birth to the child of a man other than her husband―*
Narration: *And the reasons why that child couldn't enter the main family, or even meet her older sister, were equally mystifying.*
Narration: *In the first place, Makina wouldn't even have learned of her sister's existence if not for a butler's careless slip of the tongue.*
Narration: *But once she did know, Makina developed a burning curiosity toward the girl she'd never met. Every once in a while, she would pay her sister stealthy "visits," observing her life from afar.  *
Narration: *Every time she spied on that little girl, living a normal life as a member of the branch family, the knowledge that she had a sibling grew more real to her. Many times, Makina would come to the verge of calling out to her, only to hold back at the last moment.*
Narration: *Looking at her sister clinging affectionately to her stepmother's waist, innocently begging her "Mommy" for some treat, Makina knew the sudden arrival of a "big sister" could very well shatter the girl's peaceful family.*
Narration: *She could never bring herself to take that risk.*
Narration: *But Makina didn't stop taking the time to go see her sister. Eventually, she invented a nickname for the girl she'd never spoken to, developing a one-sided make-believe relationship―*
Narration: *Even the day she was kidnapped, just before going to her language class at cram school, she'd been secretly watching her little sister from inside her chauffeured car.*
Narration: *And that was the last time Makina had seen her sister. Only hours later, she was kidnapped. Her father was killed before her eyes, and she was consigned to a life in the hospital that would last many years.*
Narration: *Makina knew the girl was her little sister, but the girl didn't know her. There was no real reason she had to hide.*
Narration: *After a moment's hesitation, she emerged from her hiding place, resettling the bread in her arms. And just as she'd done in the old days when in a slightly playful mood, she carefully forced a nonchalant expression onto her face, then began to walk toward her sister.  *
Narration: *The man in the business suit behind the girl was burdened with countless bags emblazoned with the names of expensive clothing stores. No doubt the result of an almost rudely indiscriminate shopping spree on Sarina's part.*
Narration: *The trip was probably less about buying clothes than it was venting built-up stress from the heavy responsibilities and expectations placed on the family's future leader. Makina remembered doing something very similar herself, even as a child.*
Narration: *"...Been a while, huh..."*
Narration: *As they walked past each other on the sidewalk, Makina offered her sister a silent greeting inside her mind.*
Narration: *They had passed each other by like this numerous times before, although only Makina knew it.*
Narration: *Every time, it felt as though the words "I'm your big sister" would slip out of her mouth.*
Narration: *But they could never make it past the tip of her tongue. And today was no different.*
Narration: *It just wasn't a possibility. Her sister's current position was founded on her absence.*
Narration: *For another thing, Sarina had almost certainly been told she was dead.*
Narration: *Even if it was permitted, Makina wouldn't know how to begin speaking to her, let alone what they could talk about. *
Narration: *Makina glanced over her shoulder, catching a glimpse of her sister being helped into a sleek black car stopped by the side of the road.*
Narration: *It was reassuring to see her sister was being taken care of. But that thought reminded Makina that she herself no longer had a place in the house she was born into. She couldn't help feeling a slight prick of sadness.*
Narration: *But today, she had a hard-won "family" of her own.*
Narration: *The students at Mihama...*
Narration: *They'd given her things her real family never could.*
Narration: *Feeling her heart grow lighter, Makina clutched the warm bread against her chest and drew a deep breath, drinking up the comforting scent of wheat. A small smile spread across her face.*
Narration: *Once this delivery was over, the day's work would be done. She wanted to run home and see everyone. To give Ama-nee a call in Tokyo.*
Narration: *Buoyed by those thoughts, she took a step forward. And in that instant―*
Makina: ......!!!
Narration: *Makina felt a flash of heat against the back of her body, almost like a burst of powerful sunlight. Before she could even flinch, a thunderous roar rattled her eardums so harshly it caused her physical pain.*
Narration: *A fraction of a second later, fine particles of something like sand swept violently past her, flying down the asphalt like waves―*
Narration: *And as the burning wind crawled over her, she saw the light downy hair on her forearms smoldering.*
Makina: ...Ah...!!
Narration: *With a strangled half-scream, Makina squeezed her eyes shut just before the massive wave of heat knocked her down onto the sidewalk.*
Narration: *For a moment, she couldn't process what had just happened.*
Narration: *Crumpled on the hard concrete, listening to the grit gliding across the asphalt, the answers came to her slowly and haltingly, as if filtered through the translation of a clumsy interpreter.*
Narration: *"...An explosion...?"*
Narration: *It took a full two seconds for those words to float to the surface of Makina's mind.*
Narration: *She picked herself onto her knees, disbelieving, telling herself it couldn't be. But when she turned around, she came face to face with harsh, undeniable reality.*
Narration: *Her dumbfounded gaze found the luxury black sedan her sister had stepped into moments before. It was lying upside down, all but consumed in bright red flames.*
Narration: *"...Huh? No, this... can't be real..."*
Narration: *This time, her mind couldn't catch up at all.*
Narration: *She didn't want it to.*
Narration: *She didn't want to accept the reality before her eyes.*
Narration: *Just a moment ago, she'd seen her sister from the side. A slightly irritated expression on her face. So close she could've reached out and touched her.*
Narration: *Many thoughts were circling frantically around inside her head, as her mind tried desperately to make something like sense out of the situation. But it was all fragments, nonsense, noise. There were no answers she could accept.*
Narration: *Somebody was yelling into her ear.*
Narration: *She could understand that it was the voice of someone who was worried about her, still sitting there glued to the ground. But she couldn't muster the focus to decipher their words, much less respond to them.*
Narration: *Makina didn't move an inch from that spot - until, at last, the voice said "We need to get out of here," and firm hands pulled her to her feet.*
Sachi: ...Thankfully, the owner of the nearby greengrocer's brought Maki-chan back to the dormitory...
Sachi: Apparently he tried to bring her to the hospital at first, but she resisted the idea so fiercely that he ended up taking her here.  
Yuuji: She's not physically injured, right?
Sachi: That's correct. There's a light burn on her right arm, but it's essentially just a patch of tender red skin. It should disappear quickly when cooled. However...
Yuuji: The psychological damage is going to be more severe...
Sachi: ...So it would seem, yes.
Yumiko: ...At times like these, I can't help but realize how powerless I really am.
Narration: *Sakaki's words express my current feelings to the letter.*
Narration: *I don't know what to do. I don't know how I'm supposed to talk to her. I don't even know what sort of expression I should have on my face when I go to see her.*
Narration: *"Approach this the wrong way, and I might well end up making things even worse." Thoughts like these rob us of the ability to even try.*
Narration: *But I suppose there is one thing only I can do, small as it may be.*
JB: ...It seems Irisu Makina was mixed up in some trouble, yes?
Yuuji: Hrm, you're on top of things as always. Where'd you hear about that?
JB: Are you familiar with "Set a Thief to Catch a Thief?"
Yuuji: Yeah, I am. It's a membership-based information exchange where your sort of people gather, right?
JB: ..................
Yuuji: ...Something wrong?
JB: ...Why do you actually know that? Who told you? I really can't let down my guard around you for a minute!
Yuuji: Anyway, how much information did you manage to gather over there?
JB: ...Not much more than what you're getting from the news sites and television programs, really. As for "Ichigaya," we're essentially in wait and see mode. Not even on the alert yet.
Yuuji: "Yet?" Does that mean there's a possibility of initiating active observation in the future...?
JB: You don't need to know that.
Yuuji: ...Julia...
JB: The sweet-talking voice isn't going to work this time.
Yuuji: Can I come to your place tonight?
JB: ...No.
Yuuji: I just wanted to have some of your home cooking for the first time in a while. Still no good...?
JB: Say anything you want! The answer is still no!
Yuuji: Hrm... when you refuse me that stubbornly, it's as good as admitting there's a high chance the problem's going to get worse. Does this have anything to do with you not picking up your phone lately?
JB: ..................
Yuuji: The news shows seem to be pushing a theory that this was an act of terrorism motivated by the construction of a nuclear power plant. What's the real story?
JB: ...I can't answer that question...
Yuuji: ...I see. Sorry, I'm not looking to harass you here... but can you answer two more questions? Whatever information you can give me is fine.
JB: ...Go ahead. I'll listen, if nothing else.
Yuuji: How is Makina's younger sister doing?
JB: It's exactly as you've heard on the news. She's alive, but extremely critical. Things are very touch and go.
Yuuji: Will she make it...?
JB: Sorry, but I just don't know... It seems she may need skin grafts and organ transplants. There's a rumor that she'll be transported overseas to wait for a donor as soon as she stabilizes.
Yuuji: I see...
JB: Are those your only questions?
Yuuji: No. There's one other, on an unrelated topic. This is the one thing I really want to know.
JB: ...Haaah... figures. All right then, let's hear it.
Yuuji: ...If Makina's sister ends up losing her current position due to her injuries, is there a possibility Makina will be expected to resume that role...?
JB: ...I don't care to answer that question.
Yuuji: Let me rephrase it, then. Is there a possibility Makina's going to be in danger going forward...?
JB: Yuuji... just how much have you dug up about this...?
Yuuji: Essentially nothing. My nose is just twitching, that's all. It was basically a leading question.
JB: ...Well, I suppose it would be problematic if you ended up taking ill-advised actions based off speculation... I'll be honest with you. There's a very real possibility Irisu Makina will be in danger.
JB: I would estimate a 70% chance she's going to be brought into this in some way...
JB: That said, I'll almost certainly be contacting you in regards to this matter very soon. For now, kindly refrain from doing anything stupid. Standby and wait for your orders, as always.
Yuuji: In other words, "no independent use of force outside the range of self-defense?"
JB: Exactly right. Dogs should sit obediently inside their doghouses until their master yanks on their leash. But if some fishy stranger drops by, don't just lie there sulking. Make sure you bark for us.
Yuuji: ...Can I really trust you on this...?
JB: "Don't mistrust your master" is the most fundamental prerequisite of a good dog. Even Asako knew that. You could count the number of times she outright ignored orders on your fingers.
Yuuji: ...Hoh... all right, try counting them.
JB: ...Uhm... One... two... uh, three... four, five, six, seven...
Yuuji: You're running out of fingers fast...
JB: S-Shut up, all right!? Imitating that woman is an extremely poor life strategy! Just behave yourself until you get your orders! Understood!? We clear!?
Yuuji: Yes, Mommy.
JB: I don't remember giving birth to a nasty child like you! Are we done now? I'm hanging up!
Yuuji: Yeah, thanks. I'll be in touch.
Yuuji: ...Hoo...
Narration: *Well then, what to do...*
Narration: *It's clear that things are going to get troublesome in a number of ways, but as always I'm in the dark on the specific details.*
Narration: *If JB's telling me to do nothing, that's probably the optimal choice at the moment. Even so, that doesn't make it any easier to accept.*
Narration: *"Get moving before you start thinking too much" was a favorite saying of my master's. But JB's fond of "Acting on the basis of incomplete information is like asking for disaster."*
Narration: *For now, it might be wisest just to stay at Makina's side as much as possible, while preparing myself for the possibility of an emergency.*
Narration: *There's no need to overthink this. I know what I want to protect. I can see it clearly now.*
Narration: *Ideally, I'd love to extinguish the source of this fire before the sparks spread in our direction. But if that's not a possibility, I just need to be ready for when things do get ugly.*
Narration: *After all, you won't find many guard dogs with nastier fangs than mine. I've been sharpening these teeth a very long time for this exact purpose.*
Narration: *Teeth made to catch prey by the tail, drag them close, and rip out the windpipe in one bite―*

Narration: *August 10th, 2011, 07:15 - School Dormitory - Amane's Room*
Narration: *―Although hearing of her sister's survival calmed Makina down significantly, the events of yesterday are still painfully fresh in her mind. She shows us a brave attempt at a smile, but can't hide the weariness beneath it.*
Narration: *When the girl declares herself uninterested in breakfast, I enlist Sachi's assistance in preparing a unique but nutritious "Mackerel-Pumpkin Soup" from Amane's recipe notebook.*
Narration: *Makina refuses the meal with an almost frightened expression on her face, so I proceed to pin her arms behind her back as our reliable maid emotionlessly crams spoonfuls of food into her mouth.*
Narration: *Through this admirable display of teamwork, we successfully force-feed the girl the breakfast her body needs.*
Yuuji: I know it might be a little hard to eat right now, but your injuries won't heal if you don't get adequate nutrients.
Makina: Grrrrm... you're gettin' all worked up over nothin'. It's basically just a li'l sunburn, ya know?
Yuuji: You were lucky this time, yes. Just be grateful that explosion didn't give you an afro...
Narration: *It might sound like a joke, but the hot pulse of air from an explosion burns your hair starting from the tip, sometimes curling it pretty dramatically.*
Narration: *As a general rule, it's a good idea to brush a hand over your head when a bomb blast goes by. Often as not, cinders that used to be part of your hair will fall off like sesame seeds from a bun.*
Yuuji: All right, this is a good opportunity. Why don't I teach you the anti-explosive self-defense procedure?
Makina: Uwoh!? Whassat? Th' words got a pretty cool ring to 'em!
Yuuji: Listen up, Makina. The sentence "It's getting dangerous these days" isn't just the vapid catchphrase of self-satisfied middle-aged men who think they've figured out how the world works!
Yuuji: As you were reminded yesterday, there truly are countless dangers lurking all around us. When such threats arrive, they arrive suddenly! And all too often, we are completely unprepared to defend ourselves!
Yuuji: Indeed, such complacent carelessness has become an unfortunate element of our national character! This is the very reason Japan has earned the disgraceful title of "Pacifist Patsies" among the major powers!
Makina: Oooh... I'm gettin' the feelin' you're startin' in one of those lame rants again, but I'll clam up good an' at least pretend to listen!
Yuuji: ...Look, kid... even if you're thinking that sort of thing, it's better not to actually say it...
Makina: Sorry 'bout that. So? What's goin' on with the anti-explodin'?
Yuuji: Okay, let's try this again. I'll now initiate you in the basics of personal defense against explosions. Listen carefully: the fundamental principle is "low to the ground." When an explosion's coming, get down first and think later!
Makina: When you sense an impendin' explosion, get down first an' think later!
Yuuji: Indeed! Go prone and get yourself as flat to the ground as you possibly can. With the exception of some specially-designed charges, explosions naturally tend to direct their power upward.  
Yuuji: If there's a foxhole nearby, claim it! Doesn't matter if it's full to the brim with a mixture of muddy water and excrement! Doesn't matter if your buddy's pathetic corpse is lying inside! Jump in without a moment's hesitation!
Makina: Jump into the foxhole without hesitatin'!
Yuuji: After this, assume the anti-explosive position! There's a small flap of cartilage in front of your earhole called the "tragus." Strongly press down on these with your thumbs to protect your eardrums!
Yuuji: Next, open your mouth wide. This reduces the burden on your eardrums, and keeps your lungs from popping like balloons under the pressure of the shockwave!
Makina: Plug your ears, and open your mouth wide! Protect your eardrums from the explosive pressure!
Yuuji: You've experienced for yourself just how powerful that shockwave is, so I'm sure you can understand... but don't underestimate that pressure! When the explosion occurs indoors, it's even more powerful!
Yuuji: If you're close to the blast, it's like being squeezed in the hand of a giant. The pain is intense! Sometimes the pressure can push your eyes clean out of their sockets!
Yuuji: While pressing the tragus on both ears with your thumbs, use the remaining fingers to cover your eyelids! Keep your eyeballs where they belong, and defend them against the flash of the explosion!
Makina: Hold down your eyelids with your fingers! Defend your eyeballs from explosive pressure and powerful light!!
Yuuji: Good! All right then, next up! We're beginning image-training based on a hypothetical scenario!
Yuuji: Situation as follows! Recon mission in the subtropical jungle! The time: dawn! Your enemies are powerful local guerrillas! They're well-equipped and have excellent morale! Enter the scenario!
Makina: Entering scenario!!
Yuuji: Enemy raiiiiiid!!!
Narration: *At my abrupt snarl, Makina throws herself flat to the ground.*
Yuuji: The enemy have ambushed you! Your position is pinned down by machine gun fire! Don't raise your head an inch! Keep that chin nuzzling the ground, and crawl along the ground to the trench visible ahead!
Narration: *Just as instructed, Makina creeps along the floor on her knees and elbows, clutching an imaginary rifle. A moment later, she's slipped her body into the space between the bed and the table.*
Makina: Trench secured!!
Narration: *As Makina screams this report, she repositions an imaginary iron helmet on her head in order to regain a clear field of vision. Not half bad. She seems to be pretty deeply into the scenario.*
Yuuji: Incoming from enemy position! M-69! Assume the explosive defense position!!
Makina: Explosive defense positioooon!!
Narration: *Makina promptly plugs up both her ears, opens her mouth wide, and strongly presses down on her eyelids. Lowering her body as close to the ground as she can, she melds her body with the "trench," tensing in preparation for the blast.*
Yuuji: Kaboooooom!!!
Makina: Kaboooooom!!!
Yuuji: You damn fool!! Your rear end's sticking up into the air! Shrapnel has just robbed you of your left buttock! Get it down! Get that ass down!!
Narration: *I vigorously trample down on Makina's rear end to emphasize the point.*
Makina: ...Ugyuuu! Lowering ass, sir!!
Yuuji: Basic grenade technique is to throw at two-second intervals! The next one's coming! Assume the explosive defense position!!
Makina: Explosive defense positiooooon!!!
Yuuji: Okay! Kaboooooom!!!
Makina: Kaboooooom!!!
Michiru: Excuse me! Can you people NOT scream kaboom boom at the top of your lungs first thing in the morning? What are you even doing in here!?!
Yuuji: Just your typical early-morning anti-explosives training. If you think of it as an expression of diligent devotion to national defense, doesn't this almost bring a tear to your eye? You're welcome to join in, Michiru.
Michiru: No way! I mean, what the heck is this "anti-explosives training" in the first place!?
Yuuji: As you know, Makina happened on the scene of a terror bombing yesterday afternoon. Accordingly, we're training to deal with similar scenarios. There's no downside to acquiring as many survival skills as you can.
Michiru: ...Oh, please. This is just ridiculous...
Makina: Instructor, sir! I've spotted a dopey dimwit who wouldn't last five seconds in a real emergency!
Michiru: Don't call me a dimwit! I'm not saying the training itself is stupid, okay!? I just want to know why do you have to do it so loudly! Keep it down a little!
Yuuji: Hrm... well, I thought a silly over-the-top game might briefly get Makina's mind off the fact that her little sister's fighting for her life, but...
Makina: ...Uuu...
Michiru: What th... Then why did you just remind her!?!
Yuuji: Sorry about that, Makina... Michiru says we're being too noisy, so it seems we'll have to call this training off...
Makina: ...Whaaaat?
Yuuji: It may be nothing but an innocent safety drill, but if the local civilian populace can't be convinced, we have no choice but to discontinue it... Please understand, Makina...  
Michiru: Oh, come on!! Do you have to make it sound like I'm the bad guy here!?!
Makina: Mkay then, Chiruchiru, you wanna join in too?
Michiru: Guh...! T-That's not...!
Yuuji: Well, I mean... I do understand what you're trying to say, Michiru. 
Yuuji: In reality, the odds of any one person encountering a dangerous explosion in their lifetime are probably fairly low... It's more likely that this training will end up being meaningless.
Yuuji: But worse comes to worst, won't the people who wasted a few minutes planning for the what-ifs be the ones who get out alive? Isn't that what "survival skills" are?
Michiru: ...Uugh...!!
Yuuji: For example, Michiru, let's say you take a vacation abroad to a country where the fire laws aren't well-defined or enforced. As you're gobbling down a tasty local delicacy, a fire breaks out in the crowded restaurant...
Yuuji: As panicked customers stampede to push their way through the single doorway, you glance upward and notice the flames slowly reaching their way to a cylinder of propane gas...  
Yuuji: What do you do? Think fast! Well!?! This is the difference between a person who's been trained and a helpless spectator!
Michiru: ...T-That's an awfully specific example...
Yuuji: I'm sure most of this is going in one ear and out the other. You're probably not even taking me seriously. But even so, there's something I feel obligated to tell you.
Yuuji: Those who laugh at the diligent self-improvement of others will end up crying in the end! Without fail! Try to remember that. 
Michiru: ...W-Wait, hold on... Was I actually wrong about this...?
Makina: ...Chiruchiru... everybody makes mistakes, ya know? Nothin' to be ashamed of. When ya notice one, all ya need to do is correct it...
Makina: It's never too late to turn yer life around... There's plenty of time to get back on th' straight an' narrow! After all, Chiruchiru, yer still alive!  
Michiru: ...W-What's with you, talking all big...? D-Don't tell me... I'm being preached at!? Am I getting a life lesson!? Me!? From Makina!?!
Yuuji: ...In conclusion, it doesn't matter if you approach this as a kind of a game. Remembering the basic principles somewhere in the corner of your mind is good enough. Why not join our anti-explosives training, Michiru?
Michiru: ...O-Okay...
Makina: Crazy... he made Chiruchiru say "Okay"... This guy just sweet-talked a woman inta submission... Papa's just as amazin' as I thought, ya know?
Yuuji: ...Didn't we just go over this? Even if you think stuff like that, don't actually say it...
Michiru: ...Huh? Am I being tricked here...? I'm not being tricked, right?
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, think this over carefully. I have no reason to deceive you. Even if I did, hypothetically, it would be the result of my concern for your well-being... you understand?
Michiru: ...O-Okay...
Makina: ...Amazin'... This guy's amazin'...
Narration: *―When we use the phrase "sweet-talking," the nuance is usually fairly negative. You tend to imagine someone coaxing an innocent through insincere lip service. But there's nothing inherently wrong about persuasion.*
Narration: *For example, if I "sweet-talk" Michiru into re-examining her values, I've peacefully brought her around to my way of thinking. Isn't that an admirable alternative to conflict?*
Narration: *...Granted, it's hard to feel too self-satisfied about this particular outcome.*
Makina: Idiot! Your butt's sticking up into the air! Those pretty little buttocks are gonna be full of shrapnel!! Are you planning to send your ass back home in a box!?! Idiot! Get it downnnn!! 
Michiru: I'm shorrrryyy!!
Makina: Ya haven't even begun to be "shorry," maggot! Didn't I just teach you to answer my orders with "Hoo-ah!?" Go stick a hand up your mama's pussy and grab th' brains ya forgot inside her belly!!
Michiru: H-Hooahhhh!!!
Narration: *This is awful... It's just too much.*
Narration: *Michiru presses herself flat to the earth in the explosive defense position. Makina mashes a heel down onto her posterior, snarling viciously.*
Narration: *You can feel a slight glimmer of conscience in that the girl at least removed her boots first, but seriously...*
Narration: *Where did she even pick up this demon Marine Drill Instructor routine? She's impressively proficient at the verbal abuse.*
Michiru: ...Hol... Hold on, time out! Yuuji! Yuuji!?
Yuuji: Hm? What's up?
Michiru: Don't give me that... Is that "army rangers" game you two play... always like this...?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... I wouldn't say "always," but in general we engage in roughly similar activities.
Michiru: I-It's a game, right? Just make-believe, right!? Why is she so serious about this!?
Yuuji: Harsh training's a good thing. When you're actually in the field, isn't the thought "That drill instructor put me through worse than this" kind of reassuring? Approach your drills like battle, and battle like your drills.
Michiru: Isn't that a little wrong somehow!? I mean, we're just students, right!?
Yuuji: There's nothing wrong with the theory. If anything's "wrong" about this scenario, wouldn't it be the way you swallowed my crap hook, line, and sinker? 
Michiru: I was tricked after alllll!
Makina: What's all this!? Whining already!? Seems yer lacking sufficient motivation! All right, let's get some spirit back into you! Gimme thirty squat-jumps!!
Michiru: S-Squat jumps...?
Makina: Link your hands behind your head an' go down on one knee, then jump up an' switch to your other leg. I'll do it next to ya, so imitate me. Okay! Prepare for squat-jumps!!
Michiru: R-Ready to squat-jump!!
Makina: Okay! Onnne!!
Michiru: ...Onnnne!!
Makina: Okay! Twooooo!!
Michiru: ...Twooooo!!
Makina: Hold it, maggot! Why d'your knees keep rattlin' against each other like castanets!?! And you're barely getting off th' ground! I want 15 centimeters! We're startin' over! All right! Onneee!!
Michiru: Onnnne!!
Makina: I'm telling you not ta rattle yer damn knees!! Arrrrgh!!
Michiru: I can't friggin' help it, all right!?!
Narration: *Well, I don't think rattling knees honestly matter much either way, but busting your balls over any arbitrary little thing they can find is a drill instructor's job.*
Narration: *The girl seems oddly professional about this, down to the strangest little details... Have to admit, this might feel a little too realistic for a "game."*
Yuuji: Hm? Makina, your cell phone seems to be ringing.
Makina: Nwhoh? Yer right. Wonder who's callin'?
Narration: *Makina takes out her phone from her pocket and checks the caller ID screen, but―*
Makina: ............
Yuuji: What's wrong? Aren't you going to answer that?
Makina: Yeah... uhm... Ranger Matsushima! Keep going as you are until I return!
Michiru: H-Hooahhhh!
Narration: *With those words, Makina trots off toward the nearby bicycle parking space, her phone still buzzing away.*
Narration: *When it comes to people calling Makina's cell phone, Suou Amane would be by far the most likely possibility, followed by Komine Sachi. But if the call was from either of them, she'd hardly need to be so secretive about it.*
Michiru: ...Siiiixteen! Seeeventeen!! Eiiiighteen!!
Yuuji: ...Hey there, Michiru. You can stop now. Sorry about dragging you into the game.
Michiru: Ahahaha. Hey, Yuuji, you know what? I think this is starting to feel a little fun!
Yuuji: ...That so? Well, good for you.
Michiru: Nineteeen! Tweeenty...!!
Yuuji: ...Your knees...
Narration: *Michiru's knees rattle violently as she continues her vigorous leaps. Depending on how you look at it, the strange smile on her face could be seen as the delirious expression of a soldier fallen prey to self-destructive despair.*
Narration: *Well, whatever. This is pretty heavy exercise given the heat, so I suppose a bit of temporary lunacy isn't surprising.*
Narration: *Heat and exhaustion make people go a little off in the head. However, the person in question usually doesn't realize it.*
Narration: *Asako once told me a story from a time she'd been shipped off to a war in South America, where an unending heat wave and enemy bombings that came like clockwork every day wore down her nerves to the point of numbness...*
Narration: *Eventually the company commander was wounded in action, and a new first lieutenant who arrived from the rear took over. He was apparently a timid man, prone to trembling in his trench when the bombs began to fall―*
Narration: *Asako found his shaking so hilarious that she'd spend the entire duration of the attacks cackling uproariously. The lieutenant interpreted this as a sign of derangement and promptly had her shipped back home.*
Narration: *What's abnormal? What's normal? Depends entirely on your circumstances and perspective.*
Narration: *Granted, I'm tempted to interpret Michiru's current actions as evidence that she's "lost it," but to Michiru this course of action might seem like the most reasonable thing in the world.  *
Michiru: <Fuuuuuuuck!!!>
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *...Okay, no. Isn't this girl just genuinely losing it?*
Narration: *Given this heat and her clear physical exhaustion, it's possible that her brain's beginning to melt in a stew of lactic acid...*
Makina: ...Papa...
Yuuji: Oh, hey Makina... What's up? Who was that?
Makina: ...Uhm... it was Grampa...
Yuuji: Grampa would be...
Makina: Uhm, well, my mom's papa...
Yuuji: The former head of the Irisu family, eh... And what did he have to say?
Makina: ...This isn't really... th' best place...
Yuuji: I see... In that case, let's head somewhere a little more private...
Michiru: ...Apoose!!!
Yuuji: Actually, hold on just one second. Mind if I ask you a quick question before we go, Makina?
Makina: Yeah. What's up?
Yuuji: What does the word "Apoose" signify?
Makina: ...I dunno... I mean, that's what you're worried about here? Not Chiruchiru, who's currently holdin' her knees and rolling around on the ground?
Yuuji: I mean, she's laughing, right?
Makina: Guess it's all good then...
Michiru: It is NOOOOOTT!! Owwww! Ahah! Wh... Wai... Owwwwwwwww! Ahahahaha! Why am I laughing!? Ahahahaha!!!
Narration: *Michiru seems to have botched a landing and twisted her ankle. The heat and fatigue have clearly done a number on the girl; she laughs hysterically, as though confusing pain with pleasure.*
Narration: *Well now, what to do? For the moment, Makina and I surround the girl at a distance and poke at her with a stick―*
Narration: *When fortunately enough, Sachi happens to pass by. After we explain the situation, she says simply "leave it to me" and leaves the courtyard at a trot.*
Narration: *Assuming the maid had run off to call an ambulance or something of the sort, we wait by Michiru's side offering encouraging words. This continues for about fifteen minutes or so...*
Narration: *At long last, Sachi returns in a pristine white maid uniform, cheerfully singing "wee woo wee woo," and proceeds to nimbly snap together a folding aluminum stretcher.*
Narration: *"She changed clothes first...?"*
Narration: *I'm certain we're all thinking it, but nobody dares to actually voice the words.*
Narration: *In any case, Makina and I go with the flow and entrust Michiru to her new nurse's enthusiastic care― *
Narration: *Then offer our brave colleague a deeply sincere salute as she's rolled off on the wheeled stretcher like a cylinder of propane on a cart.*
Yuuji: ...So? Are you willing to tell me about that call...?
Makina: Yeah... I mean, I want ya to hear about it...
Yuuji: I'll listen.
Makina: ...Hello... this is Makina.
Grandfather: Ooh... it's you, Makina... It's really been a while...
Makina: ...Yeah, Grampa... It's been a while. But... why now, all of a sudden...?
Grandfather: Sorry, Makina, try to speak up a little. I'm getting up there in the years... My ears don't work as well as they used to...
Narration: *The person on the other end of the line was Makina's grandfather. The call had been placed directly by Irisu Haruchika, the man who'd led the Irisu clan before his retirement―*
Grandfather: I'm sure you've heard by now, but Sarina was in a serious accident yesterday...
Makina: That... wasn't an accident, Grampa...
Grandfather: It was an accident, Makina... an unfortunate accident. Do you understand...?
Makina: ...I don't even want to understand...
Grandfather: Tell me, Makina... Don't you think it's about time you came home...?
Makina: ...Why are you saying this now, Grampa? Why now, after all this time!?
Grandfather: Don't be too angry with me... I know I didn't come to visit you in the hospital, but I did have my reasons... and until just the other day, I wasn't even aware you'd been discharged...
Narration: *A faction within the branch house afraid of Makina's potential return must have deliberately prevented that information from reaching him.*
Narration: *However, when a hefty check of seventy million yen was issued in Makina's name, an inquiry from the bank found its way directly to her grandfather. Only then did he learn Makina had been released some time before.*
Grandfather: I'd been told you were still disabled and receiving long-term medical care... If you left the hospital, why didn't you come to see me?
Narration: *Makina struggled to find an answer to her grandfather's question.*
Grandfather: Are you still... caught up on what happened to Masataka-kun...? That was an accident...
Narration: *Her father, the person she loved more than anyone else in the world, was gone.*
Narration: *All that was left there was her nasty, high-strung mother; her grandmother, who used to stare at her with the cold eyes of someone contemplating a broken toy...*
Narration: *Her kind but willfully blind grandfather, utterly unreliable when push came to shove; and the servants who suffocated her spirit, justifying everything with the words "I'm afraid these were my instructions."*
Narration: *At a glance, that house offered everything a person could possibly want. But it was a hollow shell full of hollow people. A gilded prison.*
Narration: *It was the sort of place where saying "I want to learn how to ride a bike" would result in someone buying you a purebred horse you hadn't even asked for.*
Narration: *What was there to miss about a home like that?*
Makina: ...Grampa... I don't... wanna go back to that house... 
Narration: *They'd no doubt take good care of her if she returned - but only because they valued her as an asset or respected her position. Nobody there would even try to understand Makina herself.*
Narration: *Some might say, "So what? Sounds like a pretty good deal." And maybe they wouldn't be wrong.*
Narration: *Others might say, "You 'ran away from home,' but you're still going to this school on your family's money, living completely freely. What right do you have to complain?" And she couldn't argue the point.*
Narration: *But even so, just thinking about returning to that house made Makina's eyes fill with tears.*
Narration: *Everything that was precious to her, everything she needed to be herself, her individuality and personality - all such inconvenient baggage would be ruthlessly thrown away.  *
Narration: *Money and power warp people beyond recognition. Makina knew that all too well. She was simply afraid of that house.*
Grandfather: I understand how you feel. It's a heavy burden to bear... Not just anyone can do this job. That's probably a little frightening to think about...  
Grandfather: But precisely because you feel that way, there are things only you can do... Come back home, Makina...
Makina: I don't want to, Grampa... I'm... I'm not the person I used to be! I don't want to be like that ever again!
Grandfather: ...Seriously...?
Makina: Seriously... I'm sorry, Grampa... but I don't wanna... I can't take that place anymore...
Grandfather: I see... But I'm afraid it's not likely anyone will accept that answer... 
Makina: ............
Grandfather: Well... all right. I won't ask you to come back right away. But will you try to think this over for a while?
Grandfather: Think very carefully. Imagine yourself a year from now, ten years from now, and thirty years from now... then decide what you really want to do.
Makina: ...I don't think Grampa... I mean, th' people from the main family, really... are gonna give up on gettin' me to come back...
Makina: Maybe... just maybe... th' bombing yesterday mighta been somethin' people from the main family did to make me come back...
Yuuji: But if they'd screwed up even slightly, you could've gotten blown away too...
Makina: They wouldn'ta known I was gonna be there. If people from th' main family really were behind it, I think they musta been pretty panicked when I showed up...
Yuuji: I don't really follow all this business with the main family and branch family... At the end of the day, what're their objectives here?
Makina: It's basic'ly a squabble for control between th' two families... The branch family wants my sister to inherit leadership as their figurehead, and the main family wants me there instead... They're after power an' money...
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *I'm not familiar with the exact details, but I understand the scale of the prize we're talking about here. The Irisu family's long-standing assets extend to countless subsidiaries, both foreign and domestic―  *
Narration: *They're not just prominent in industrial manufacturing, financial, and retail, but also major players in iron and steel, shipbuilding, and even armaments. The money flowing through the Irisu apparently rivals the budget of a small country.*
Narration: *A pencil made by the Irisu scratches down your name on the birth certificate in a government office. You eat food imported by the Irisu in your school cafeteria as you grow...*
Narration: *In time, you find employment in an enterprise under the Irisu umbrella. When you grow sick, you're taken to an Irisu hospital, and when you die, you rest under a gravestone manufactured by the Irisu.*
Narration: *If you're born in Japan, it's all but impossible not to interact with that family in some way. *
Narration: *But despite this astonishingly wide influence, the name "Irisu" itself will probably get you a blank stare as often as not. The brands in their conglomerate include many household names, but the parent company itself is fairly obscure.*
Narration: *They say those with real power don't tend to advertise it. Like the old nobility, hidden up above the clouds...*
Narration: *And Irisu Makina, who stands to inherit the seat at the very top of this lofty house, is still in her teens. Practically a child.*
Narration: *Who could blame the girl if she panicked in the face of that burden? If she ran away and tried to hide?*
Yuuji: Your grandfather said you don't have to come back immediately, didn't he?
Makina: ...Yeah...
Yuuji: In that case, seems to me you should start by mulling this over. First of all, whether you're going to return to your family or not... 
Yuuji: And once that's settled, figure out what you're going to do when you return. Or what you're going to do when you refuse. What you really want to do from now on...
Yuuji: Your grandpa gave you the chance to deliberate about this, right?
Makina: Well... yeah, but... even Grampa isn't gonna wait forever, ya know...?
Yuuji: Not a problem. I'll get you as much time as you need.
Makina: ...How?
Yuuji: That depends on how they want to play it. I haven't settled on any specific plans yet, but I'm ready to do anything I need to. 
Makina: ...Anything?
Yuuji: That's right. Don't you remember? I made you a promise, Makina. Even if everyone else in the world became your enemy, I'd protect you...  
Yuuji: Those words weren't just for show. I really will do whatever I possibly can. You don't need to worry about a thing... Just go about your normal life, exactly as you have.
Makina: But...
Yuuji: Don't worry, you've given me fair compensation for my services. There's nothing to feel guilty about.
Yuuji: You're important enough to me that I was willing to make that promise. Hell, at this point you've become my purpose in life.
Yuuji: I'm living for your sake, and I'll die for your sake. I've been prepared for that from the start. In conclusion, there's no problem here. I'll kick the crap out of every last jackass stupid enough to harass you.
Yuuji: You just sit back and see what a man who's found something to protect can do.
Makina: ...Really...? Are you... really okay with that...?
Yuuji: I'm your father, remember? Showing off in front of our kids like this is what we do. There's nothing a father doesn't know, no problem he can't overcome.
Yuuji: ...In other words, relax and think this over carefully. Whatever your choice, I'll accept it absolutely, and support you with everything I've got.  
Makina: ...Papa...!
Narration: *Overcome with emotion, even beginning to sob a little, Makina ducks her upper body low to the ground and rushes forward. A split-second later, her forehead smacks into my solar plexus with a solid thunk.*
Yuuji: Ohgh...!!
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, the impact's so sharp it's difficult even to breathe properly, but sinking to my knees here would hardly help me keep the girl's hard-won trust.*
Narration: *With an extremely strained attempt at a smile, I grab hold of Makina's fuzzy little head and squeeze her tightly against my chest. Strongly, very strongly, in the protective bear hug of a reliable parent.*
Narration: *After that day, I've attempted to stay close by Makina's side as much as possible.*
Narration: *I sincerely doubt there'd be many idiots reckless enough to try and pull anything inside this school, essentially a stronghold of the Sakaki family. But preparing for that longshot "what if" is my job...*
Narration: *Fortunately, I've been trained in guarding someone without even allowing them to realize they're being protected.*
Narration: *The only real problem is night.*
Narration: *Without a doubt, human beings are most defenseless when they're sleeping. It's the ideal timing for a raid or kidnapping attempt.*
Narration: *And even I'm not capable of staying awake constantly to protect the girl as she sleeps.*
Narration: *As the single simplest countermeasure, it would be ideal if I could arrange to spend my nights with Makina, but...*
Makina: Uh, well... Is it okay if I sleep with Papa in his room from now on...?
Amane: ...Uhhhm...
Narration: *Caught off guard by this admittedly rather abrupt inquiry, Amane stares intently down into Makina's face for a long moment, then turns her laser-like gaze on me.*
Narration: *Makina's expression is unusually serious, with no hint of the standard messing around.*
Narration: *And although this would usually be the part where I deliver a karate chop to that well-positioned head of hers, I simply stand quietly behind the girl without raising any objection.*
Narration: *Apparently Amane senses something strange in the air. She lets out a long, soft sigh, then nods deeply to herself.*
Amane: ...Makina... do you know what you're saying?
Makina: Yeah...
Amane: If that's your decision, I won't say a thing... but now that you've made up your mind, make sure you tough it out all the way to the end, okay?
Amane: Even if it gets scary, or starts to hurt, don't say "Stop!" halfway through. Night won't last forever... The morning will always come. Be brave and keep hanging in there.
Makina: Uu? Yeah... I'll hang in there, but, uh...
Amane: As for you, Yuuji... If Makina's suffering or having a hard time, try to be considerate instead of just thinking about what's easiest for you.
Yuuji: Well, yeah... that's the plan.
Amane: Also, I expect you to be responsible about contraception. You have condoms, I assume? 
Yuuji: ...Okay, Amane... let me return that question from a moment ago. Do you have any idea what you're saying?
Amane: ...Wha?
Yuuji: "Wha" doesn't cut it, woman...
Narration: *Although it seems there may've been a slight discrepancy in our understanding of the situation, it was agreed that Makina would spend her nights in my room...*
Narration: *Regrettably, my room only has one bed, and it's a single. It wouldn't be so bad to huddle together for warmth in the winter, but at this time of the year the idea's not particularly appealing.*
Narration: *Yielding the bed to Makina, I spread out a mat and sleeping bag on the floor for myself.*
Makina: You aren't gonna sleep with me, huh...?
Yuuji: Little hot for that, don't you think?
Narration: *At my old school, ten at night was lights out time, and by eleven they'd cut the electricity to the dorm off entirely. Even the air conditioners went dead. *
Narration: *In other words, I'm fairly accustomed to sleeping under hot and stuffy conditions. But there's hardly any need to go out of my way to recreate the experience.*
Narration: *And also, if by any chance someone really did attack, we'd be better off sleeping in different points in the room.*
Narration: *Attack Team A probably leads off by knocking at the door. Just as I'm getting up to reach for the knob, they blast the lock, upper, and lower hinges with simultaneous shotgun fire... *
Narration: *As I flinch backward reflexively, Team B crashes in through the window on the opposite side of the room and pincers us both. Doubt I'd be able to hold them off for even three minutes.*
Narration: *Compared to me and Makina huddling together in one bed where we can easily be encircled, dispersing ourselves on the bed and floor expands the area that has to be targeted, giving us more options.  *
Yuuji: All right, time to sleep. Get in bed.
Makina: Yeah...
Narration: *Mumbling her approval listlessly, Makina turns around to face away from me, then abruptly begins pulling off her clothes on the spot―*
Narration: *After stripping down to her underpants, she takes a big t-shirt gone all loose in the collar, presumably a hand-me-down from Amane, and pulls it over her head as sleepwear.*
Narration: *"Might be a t-shirt to Amane, but on Makina it's a one-piece dress..."*
Narration: *Resisting a sudden urge to smile, I open my window and drape the towel I used after my shower outside to dry.*
Narration: *I carefully position the towel just low enough to hide the bed Makina's crawled into almost completely, and deliberately leave the curtains open.*
Narration: *For anyone out there interested in observing this room, this strip of fabric will present a simple hindrance.*
Narration: *If the bathtowel's position shifts even slightly overnight, it would suggest the existence of someone looking inside. The degree and direction of the movement could even help determine the point from which they're observing us.*
Narration: *Basic tricks like this won't often accomplish much against a professional, but a multitude of small insurance policies is the best way to keep things safe and quiet.*
Yuuji: I'm turning off the lights.
Makina: Yeah...
Narration: *A sliver of pale light streams into the room from the streetlights outside. There's no sound but the chirping of insects; somewhere far away, the cicadas are still singing.*
Narration: *The bright city and warm concrete might've caused them to confuse night with day.*
Narration: *I yawn inside my sleeping bag, feeling dull fatigue slowly spreading out from behind my eyes.*
Narration: *Going to bed at this hour should mean I'll wake up briefly around two thirty in the morning. I'll check up on Makina, then go back to sleep for a few hours. *
Makina: ...Hey, Papa...
Yuuji: Hm? What's up?
Makina: ...Let's talk about somethin'...
Yuuji: What, again...? You have anything specific in mind?
Makina: ...Is there somethin' you wanna be when you grow up?
Yuuji: Something I want to be, huh...?
Narration: *I think this is the first time she's asked me about my future rather than my past.*
Narration: *Putting aside the question of whether I'll even have one, it's not like I haven't daydreamed about it every once in a while...*
Narration: *But even so, there's a collar on my neck that isn't coming off till I'm dead. Taking that into consideration, the number of paths realistically open to me are severely limited.*
Yuuji: ...Let's see. Guess I see myself ending up as a taxi driver, maybe...? 
Narration: *It's a classic choice for our employees. While spending most of your time working for a private taxi company, you get a minor allowance of 150,000 yen a month as a "reserve member," ready to be called up when needed.*
Narration: *The jobs open to an employee on the reserve aren't strictly limited, but ideally they want you in a position where you can respond quickly to an emergency summons. And from that perspective, a taxi driver's probably the best possible option.*
Yuuji: ...How about you, Makina? You have any ideas about the future?
Makina: ............
Yuuji: You don't have to think about the thing with your family. I'm asking about your dreams.
Makina: ...Haven't really... thought about th' future so much...
Makina: I just... don't wanna go back home. That's all I used ta think about... Not about what I do want to do... or what I can do...
Makina: Sorta vaguely wanted ta stay in this school forever, just like this... Stay with all the nice people here forever, but... that's not really an option, right...?
Yuuji: ...Well, you're going to graduate eventually.
Makina: But, ya know what? Lately, I've started thinkin' about it a little.
Yuuji: Hoh... mind letting me hear your thoughts?
Makina: So, okay, ya know how I'm workin' at a bakery right now? Guess I was sorta thinkin' I could save up some money an' start my own eventually...
Yuuji: Ah, that's right...
Narration: *She did say something about "a sniper or a baker," didn't she...*
Makina: So I'd set up this bakery by th' ocean, and it'd be sorta like a little cafe. People could come in an' eat freshly baked rolls an' bread an' stuff.
Makina: ...An' I wanna set it up someplace where everybody can drop by, even after we all graduate from Mihama... that way, I can still see all my friends whenever I want. 
Yuuji: ...There's an idea. If you had a bakery like that, I could stop by in my taxi to hang out.
Makina: Oh, c'mon... yer supposed to be runnin' th' bakery with me...
Yuuji: What, I'm part of this too?
Makina: Yep, that's right. I'll bake th' bread, so you're in charge of th' coffee and tea. Whatcha think?
Yuuji: I see... Yeah, I guess that kind of life wouldn't be half-bad either...
Makina: ...I know, right? I bet it'd be lotsa fun. Lots and lotsa fun, every single day... 
Yuuji: Yeah... almost like a dream...
Narration: *I don't know exactly what kind of life Makina's lived up until now.*
Narration: *But I do know a little about the Irisu - a family of immense power that stays behind the scenes, constantly maneuvering deep below the surface of society.*
Narration: *I know Makina didn't ask for the role they forced onto her shoulders.*
Narration: *Even as a child, she sensed something strange about the world she lived in, so clearly different from that of others her age. And in time, she came directly into contact with the foul corruption inside her own family.*
Narration: *That corruption claimed her father, the only person in the Irisu household who had really loved her. She hasn't had a real ally since.*
Narration: *Even that small goal of opening a bakery, hardly the wildest of ambitions, must seem like a faint and distant dream to Makina.*
Makina: ...Shoo... haa...
Narration: *Makina's hopes for the future had stayed hidden away deep inside for some time. Maybe speaking them out loud provided something in the way of catharsis; the girl's already snoring softly into her pillow.*
Narration: *If my "child" has dreams, I won't spare any effort to help make them happen. That's my role now...*
Narration: *The problem is Makina's grandfather.*
Narration: *The girl's told him that she isn't going to return, but I can't imagine he'll accept that answer.*
Narration: *Makina wants nothing to do with the Irisu clan anymore, but simply declaring that won't bring this to an end.*
Narration: *Even if we did manage to win over her grandfather, the Irisu aren't a small enough organization to be swayed by the will of one soft-hearted individual.*
Narration: *It was too late the moment the old man learned she was in good health. Makina will be dragged into a power struggle, whether or not she wants any part of it. There's no longer any room for doubt.*
Yuuji: ...Even if I make the whole world my enemy, huh...?
Yuuji: Might've gone a little overboard with that one...
Narration: *But there are some things a man has to do. I've made my decision, and I'll carry it out. Even if that means tearing the chains off my neck and becoming a stray.*
Narration: *I think this job might be the reason why I'm here. And in that light, it feels as though my life might have some small meaning of its own.*
Date: *August 11, 2011, 05:30 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *―The next morning, I wake up drenched in sweat. Not that anything was out of the ordinary. Just the usual nightmare.*
Narration: *As planned, I woke up at half past two to check up on Makina. The girl was still out like a light, drooling onto an already filthy pillow. All well and good...*
Narration: *But when I tried to go back to sleep, I found my nerves were badly on edge. Although I kept my eyes shut and turned around in my sleeping bag many times, I couldn't manage to get much rest.*
Narration: *When I did nod off into light slumber, I'd spend maybe fifteen minutes in the nightmare, then jerk awake again. The pattern played out again and again, straight through to morning.*
Narration: *Just how long will it take before I can forget that day...?*
Narration: *The memory's glued in place, never fading no matter how many years pass. I can even remember the dull sensation of the weapon against my palm.*
Narration: *As I wipe beads of sticky sweat from my forehead with the back of one hand, my half-open eyelids twitch at the touch of summer sunlight. The light pouring in through the window is already intense, suggesting another blazing hot day to come.*
Yuuji: ...Haaa...
Narration: *This is no good.*
Narration: *My harsh breathing just doesn't want to settle down. I can't get back into my normal rhythm. This heavy, irritating feeling, as though I've got some malevolent spirit squatting on my back, lingers on and on.*
Narration: *Suddenly realizing my throat's painfully dry, I force my leaden body up off the ground and crawl out of my sleeping bag. I pour myself a glass of tap water from the kitchen sink, and then another. And another.*
Narration: *I can't stop sweating.*
Narration: *No matter how many times I wipe the salty liquid off my face, the beads keep trickling down. In the moment I realize they're actually tears, I sense someone gazing at me.*
Makina: ...Nnyu... Papa...? What'sh w'ong...?
Yuuji: Nothing's wrong...
Narration: *No doubt woken by the sound of the gushing faucet, Makina's sitting up in bed. Her eyes are still bleary with sleep, but her gaze is focused intently on me.*
Makina: ...Are you crying...?
Yuuji: It's nothing... I'm just sweating...
Narration: *Rather than embarrassment at letting the girl see me crying, fear at having revealed my weakness takes precedence―*
Narration: *Menaced by some vaguely-defined shadow, overwhelmed by the need to escape, I hurriedly throw on my running clothes.*
Makina: ...Papa...?
Yuuji: ...Gonna run for a while...
Narration: *Beyond pathetic.*
Narration: *No matter how many years pass, I'm still a gutless weakling brought to tears by dreams.*
Narration: *I'm always running away from something. Always being chased by shadows.*
Narration: *Even after my master took me in, this fundamental cowardice never really went away.*
Narration: *I need to protect Makina.*
Narration: *For her sake, of course, but also for mine.*
Narration: *If I were to lose even her, I don't think I'd be able to get back on my feet again.*
Narration: *I run into the muggy morning, as if fleeing from that frightening thought.*
Yuuji: ...Makina... are you really all right with this...?
Makina: Yeah... I wouldn't mind losin' my virginity to you, Papa... No, I want you to take it from me... 
Yuuji: Very well then... Papa will now rob you of your virginity.
Makina: Rob it real good, man!
Yuuji: ...Here we go.
Makina: Where we goin'? Ah, I get it, yer puttin' it in. Sure, you do that.
Makina: Owwwwwieeeee! Wh! Ah! Aaah! Sor... Stop, hold on a sec! This is friggin' ridiculous, ya know!?
Yuuji: ...I'm not even halfway in yet, you know...?
Makina: This ain't happenin', no way, no how! Any more than this and yer just gonna rip me apart, okay? Sorry, but I'm throwin' in the towel fer today...
Yuuji: ...Let me explain something to you, Makina... when a man sets his mind on something, he can't just casually reverse course halfway through. You understand...?
Makina: ...Uuu... well, I get where yer comin' from, but...
Yuuji: Okay then. Let's get back to it...
Makina: Nooooooooo! Yer tearin' me apaaaaaart!!
Yuuji: ...Hm? Makina... wasn't that a figure of speech? It seems you're literally tearing.
Makina: I done been torn clean apart! Just like a bag o' chips!! 
Yuuji: ...And having been ripped apart, Makina...
Makina: Done split inta two!!!
Amane: ...Or something like that... She gets divided into Makina A and Makina B...
Yuuji: What is wrong with you, woman!?
Narration: *When I returned from my run, I found Amane waiting for me in the lounge.*
Narration: *From what she tells me, it seems Makina's been acting strangely.*
Narration: *Early this morning, the girl visited Amane's room with a somewhat discouraged look on her face, and proceeded to sit around sighing heavily. Amane tried to talk to her, but she answered only in vague grunts and monosyllables.*
Narration: *Speculating that things hadn't gone well in bed last night, Amane searched for appropriate words of comfort. But when she looked back after taking her eyes off the girl for a brief moment―*
Narration: *It seems that Makina had begun vigorously kneading wheat flour dough in the kitchen, cheerfully singing an incomprehensible mystery song to herself.*
Narration: *Puzzled at this rapid improvement in her mood, Amane shrugged and went off to take a shower. But when she returned to her room, this time she found Makina curled up in the corner of the room with her head in her hands, groaning miserably...  *
Narration: *Faced with these absurdly dramatic and seemingly random mood swings, Amane arrived at a bold hypothesis.*
Amane: ...There are actually two Makinas! Figured it must be that sort of trick...
Yuuji: All right, Amane... First of all, let's think this over rationally. Who would this "trick" be trying to deceive, and to what end...?
Amane: Well, uh, it's not like I was really being serious, you know? Guess I'm just a little curious if something happened last night.
Yuuji: Nothing worth mentioning...
Narration: *I do have a rough idea as to the root cause of Makina's unusual behavior.*
Narration: *The girl's had a heavy problem fall onto her out of nowhere, and it's not something she can carelessly discuss with her friends. But moping around in silence would only attract concern, making her feel even more awkward and miserable.*
Narration: *So she forced herself to smile and sing in an attempt at lightening the mood. But soon enough, some careless thought abruptly reminded her of her worries―*
Narration: *And once again, Makina ended up with her head in her hands, sighing and groaning over the problems she can't possibly resolve on her own...*
Narration: *The one and only person she can really talk to about all this is me. Seeing tears on my face this morning must've worsened her emotional turmoil.*
Narration: *Rather than running off in an inept attempt at hiding what happened, I should've sat down and talked to the girl honestly. Looking back on it now, I regret that choice.*
Sachi: So then, were the two of you in fact able to successfully engage in sexual relations last night?
Yuuji: ...Well, hello to you too... I mean, why are you even here?
Sachi: I heard from Amane-san last night that you and Maki-chan were to begin sharing a bed...
Sachi: I suppose there's something of the yenta about me... As Maki-chan's friend, it proved impossible to merely shrug the matter off. Accordingly, I decided to directly interrogate the main culprit as to the outcome...
Yuuji: Look, I don't know how many times I have to say this, but I didn't do anything I need to feel guilty about. Makina came to my room and slept in my bed. I slept on the floor. That's it. Nothing else happened. Clear enough for you?
Amane: Aah... so that's why Makina's kind of down today?
Sachi: What a letdown... I'm disappointed in you, Kazami-san...
Yuuji: Uh, sorry, why...?
Amane: Listen carefully, Yuuji. When a girl stays over in a man's room, she's as good as saying "do me now!"
Yuuji: ...I really don't think that's a universal law...
Narration: *Personally, I've heard plenty of stories about women crashing at a male friend's place after missing the last train home, then awkwardly shooting the guy down when he tries to make a move...*
Sachi: Steeling herself in preparation for making love, she takes a long, thorough bath; clutching a pillow against her chest to hide the rapid beating of her heart, she lies ready and waiting... only to be thoughtlessly ignored.
Sachi: At this rate, Maki-chan's pride as a woman will be reduced to tatters...
Yuuji: Uh... okay, but... what exactly are you telling me to do here...?
Amane: Makina's baking some bread in my room right now. How about you sneak up and hug her from behind, then whisper "Makina... I want you..." in her ear? Should be good enough.
Yuuji: ...But look... what if she just shakes me off and yells "Cut it out!" or something? Now I'm the one nursing the bruised ego...  
Narration: *Sulky women are troublesome beyond measure... The Representative Director of the Troublesome Women Society, Madame JB, is the prototypical example.*
Narration: *Not only will she shriek "Cut it out!" when you try to make amends, if you actually stop she'll get even angrier... It's truly incomprehensible.*
Michiru: Heheh... for all your posturing about being a grown-up, in the end you're just a little boy too! You're completely clueless, Yuuji!
Yuuji: Just what I needed, another pain in the ass...
Michiru: Listen up. When a tsundere says "Stop!" it means "Go!" Understand!? If she yells "Don't push me!" that's your cue to push her! That's the tsundere!  
Sachi: Isn't that less of a tsundere and more of a slapstick comedian...?
Yuuji: In the first place, Makina's not exactly a tsundere, right...?
Michiru: In any case! Even if she's saying no, deep down inside she's going "Come at me harder! Pin me down as I struggle and scream!" Got it!?
Yuuji: Well, sort of, I guess... maybe...
Yumiko: ...Another early morning gathering, I see... And what are you people plotting this time?
Amane: Uh, we're not really plotting anything, you know? It's just, even though Makina stayed the night in Yuuji's room, he's saying nothing happened...
Amane: So we started talking about if he was just lying, and if there really wasn't anything, then why not? Or something like that, I guess?
Yumiko: ...Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: Yes?
Yumiko: Although you possess an easily-misunderstood personality... and a tendency to make rather extreme jokes with a straight face... I don't believe you're a dishonest man at heart.
Yumiko: While it might not always be obvious, I view you as a relatively sensible individual...
Yumiko: So I'm going to ask you to tell me the honest truth. Did you sleep with Irisu-san?
Yuuji: Like I said, I didn't touch the girl. How many times do you people expect me to explain this?
Females: ――――――――――
Yuuji: Arrgh! You're so damn noisy! Don't all start squawking at once!
Makina: Sorry ta keep ya waitin'! I baked th' buns!!
Makina: ...Er, why's everyone gathered up out here?
Yuuji: Don't ask me. Too much damn time on their hands, the lot of them...
Makina: Wuh? I don't really get it, but whatever. Hey ev'rybody, wanna try some buns? Behold my long-awaited new work, th' M8I2!
Amane: Emm-eight eye-two...?
Makina: Indeed! The M is a general classy-fication indicatin' this here's a "Melon Bun." The 8 means it's my eighth pastry product. The I stands for th' manufacturer, Irisu. An' the two at the end means this is version 2.0!
Makina: In other words, this sucker's received two big revisions since th' beta test! New an' improved!
Michiru: ...They just look like normal melon buns. What's so "improved" about them?
Makina: Dough swells up when ya bake it, right? So I tried makin' little waves of pie crust with a pastry cutter, then insertin' it between th' outside cookie dough an' the bready base! Keep 'em separate, like!
Makina: I wanted ta emphasize th' crunch-crunchy feel when ya bite inside, arguably th' very heart of the melon bun experience!
Yuuji: Hrm... sort of like the wing of an airplane, structurally speaking...
Makina: Indeed! That's what gave me th' idea! This sucker's modeled after th' wing of an H8K Flying Boat!
Yuuji: No kidding...? You've clearly put some thought into this.
Makina: Well, how 'boutcha try some? It's pretty friggin' good.
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Yuuji: ...I see. That layer of air between the surface and main body really does emphasize the crispness of the cookie dough. Not half bad...
Makina: I know, right? C'mon, everybody else try some too. I wanna hear yer thoughts.
Amane: Okay, let's see here.
Amane: Ah... you're right, this really is different... It's light and airy, but kinda crunchy...? I think I might actually like this...
Michiru: But it's a little hollow, too... Doesn't feel like there's much there, you know?
Yumiko: ...True, but it might be quite tasty warmed up with some ice cream on top...
Makina: Grm... looks like reachin' a more satisfyin' density is indeed th' next problem to address... Gotta get crackin' on that M8I3...
Yuuji: What, you've already got the next edition planned out...?
Makina: Indeed! This time I wanna make a tic-tac-toe pattern between th' bread and th' cookie dough, then fill th' space up with cream like an integral tank...
Yuuji: ...So we're switching from the Flying Boat to the Flying Cigar, huh...?

Date: *August 12, 2011, 08:00 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Makina: Mmkay then! I'm headin' out ta my part-time job!
Yuuji: Good. Give 'em hell, kid.
Narration: *Before long, it's eight o'clock, and Makina's setting off for her shift at the bakery.*
Narration: *Watching the girl march triumphantly out of the room, her prototype "M8I2" safely stowed in a plastic bag, I nod deeply to myself.*
Yuuji: ...All right then, guess I should get going as well...
Amane: ...Hm? You going somewhere too?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm working today myself.
Narration: *Even as I'm speaking, I quickly slip into one of my work uniforms, then swing a bag full of tools over my shoulder.*
Amane: When do you think you'll be getting back?
Yuuji: ...Let's see... Five thirty or so, as long as nothing comes up.
Amane: So pretty much the same as Makina, then. I'll have dinner ready and waiting, so give me a call if you're going to be late, okay?
Yuuji: Will do... All right then, I'll be on my way.
Amane: Yep. See you later.
Narration: *Suppose this still qualifies as a "part-time job," but it's different from the normal routine. Today, I'm working as Makina's bodyguard.*
Narration: *I received a full seventy million in advance payment on this one, so I can't exactly treat it like a game. That sort of money warrants a serious approach and professional attitude.*
Narration: *Stepping out of the school gate, I casually turn my head to glance in the direction of the shopping district, immediately spotting Makina in the distance.*
Narration: *After confirming that there aren't any suspicious cars stopped in the area, I start walking after her on the opposite side of the street.*
Narration: *There'd hardly be any point to tagging right along after the girl - easier and less conspicuous just to walk her down to the station in the first place. But I do have my reasons for taking a more furtive approach.*
Narration: *First of all, I don't want Makina to be aware that I'm guarding her.*
Narration: *If she knows I'm protecting her, that knowledge would start to influence her actions in revealing ways―*
Narration: *Even if I told her to try and "act normally," an awkward movement would give it away sooner or later, tipping off anyone who might be observing.*
Narration: *If the enemy realizes Makina has a bodyguard, they'll change their tactics accordingly. That wouldn't be much fun from my perspective.*
Narration: *The ideal is to keep both Makina and anyone targeting her ignorant of my presence. Therefore, after following her from a good distance for a while, I begin cutting quickly through side streets to get ahead of her.*
Narration: *...If I was targeting Makina, I'd spend seven days at the very least on observation, trying to get a solid grasp for her daily patterns of behavior.*
Narration: *Before making any attempt, I'd compile the most detailed possible data I could on her walking speed, route, and typical itinerary. Sniper, kidnapper, whatever, any pro would do the same.*
Narration: *In fact, I spent some time this morning putting myself in the shoes of an assassin, narrowing down some potential sniping points.*
Narration: *I devised and evaluated a few plausible spots, simulating attempts at shooting Makina on her way to and from the bakery. But as a target, the girl's genuinely troublesome.*
Narration: *First of all, she's a shrimp. Makes for a smaller target, more easily obstructed.*
Narration: *Secondly, her actions are frequently hard to anticipate. If the girl comes across some hostess out walking a cute little doggie, she'll without a doubt stop dead and hold a lengthy conversation with the animal.  *
Narration: *On top of it all, there's that fundamentally whimsical personality. If she needs to make three turns to her destination, she'll randomly change the roads she uses, so it's hard to nail down an exact route.*
Yuuji: Taking all those negatives into account, there are two spots that seem potentially effective... 
Narration: *I take out a hand-drawn map from the pocket of my school uniform. It's a detailed sketch of the terrain within a decent radius of the station, with two lines connecting hypothetical sniping spots and impact points.*
Narration: *The first potentially effective choice is a shot from on top of the pedestrian bridge over the East Beach Line rail track, which provides a good view of the main shopping district area.*
Narration: *There's practically no cover to worry about, and the distance would only be about 300 meters. On top of which, you'd be hitting the girl from behind, making it easier to line up the shot. Problem is you'd stand out too much.*
Narration: *If you openly set up shop with a rifle up there, even a dimwitted grade schooler would point and yell "Look, Mommy! It's an assassin!"*
Narration: *Considering the risk of exposure, you'd probably have to snipe from under the canopy of a parked truck. But that'd limit your angle of fire severely, making it easy to lose track of the target in a crowd. Not too appetizing.*
Narration: *I do take a look just for safety's sake, but there don't seem to be any suspicious idling cars in the area I marked as suitable for sniping.*
Narration: *Snipers need time to prepare; it's not like they're going to tear up, fire a shot from the window, then peel out. Probably safe to conclude no one's shooting from there today.*
Narration: *But there's also the second possibility: a shot from the eighth floor of the parking garage south of Mishima Cape Station, next to the fashion building currently under construction.  *
Narration: *The structure itself isn't open to the public yet, so entry is restricted. In other words, once you slip in, you'll be able to spread out a pretty sizable shop without any awkward questions from passers-by―*
Narration: *Also, since it's a downward angle, you should get a clean line of sight. The target's short stature won't be nearly so much of an issue.*
Narration: *However, the shot would require firing between two buildings, obstructed by an elevated park and the Mishima Cape Station itself. No matter where you position yourself, you're not going to get even a two meter slice of visibility.*
Narration: *What's more, you'd be firing at Makina from the side as she walks past, from a range of 600 meters―*
Narration: *If you take the time to identify the girl after she enters your field of view, she'll have walked right by before you can get a bullet over there.*
Narration: *In other words, you've got one chance, and it only lasts a few seconds. Can't see it working without a cooperator following the target, constantly keeping you up-to-date on her movements.*
Narration: *Stopping just before an intersection that connects my side street to the main road, I peer down at the map in my hand, play-acting a blue-collar worker new to the area―*
Narration: *And while glancing around as if to search for landmarks, I spot Makina approaching from the left.*
Narration: *Keeping the brim of my plain workman's cap low over my eyes, I proceed to gaze in her general direction, not focusing on anything in particular.*
Narration: *When you start deliberately darting your eyes around looking for "suspicious people," you tend to get tunnel vision. Actually end up missing more than you would otherwise.*
Narration: *On the other hand, when you take in the scene as a whole like you're appreciating a work of art, people moving in unusual ways will stand out as if painted in vivid hues.*
Narration: *Right now, we're near the very tail end of the morning rush to work. There aren't many people on the streets. *
Narration: *Among the sparse crowd, one man quickly catches my eye. He's strolling along behind Makina, shooting her regular glances while putting on a great show of casually looking around the area.*
Yuuji: ...Complete amateur, any way you look at him...
Narration: *The tail's comically awful. I've seen lovestruck middle-schoolers stalking their crushes with more subtlety.*
Narration: *At a glance, the guy seems to be in his late twenties or early thirties. He's wearing a 3000 yen pair of loafers and a two-for-30,000 suit.*
Narration: *He's also got on a pair of eyeglasses with unusually thick black rims, perhaps as an attempt at disguise. But counter-productively, they make him stand out in the crowd.*
Yuuji: ...I could almost just leave this be. Not like he's going to get anything worthwhile...
Narration: *But even so, I'd like to know who this kid belongs to.*
Narration: *Folding the map into a neat square and putting it away in my chest pocket, I casually step into a nearby "Busky Robinson" ice cream store.*
Date: *August 12, 2011, 08:15 - Mishima Cape - Station Area*
Man: ...August 12, 8:15 AM. Beginning surveillance of target. Recorder Ihara Naoyuki...
Narration: *Muttering into the mic of the IC recorder set up in the inside pocket of his jacket, Ihara followed the girl from behind with his eyes.*
Narration: *"For crying out loud... why did it turn out like this?"*
Narration: *It had been a year and a half since Ihara resigned his previous position in a security company and took a job at the IGS Detective Agency through a friend's recommendation.*
Narration: *Detective work had appealed strongly to Ihara since childhood. He did, of course, understand by now that a real "flatfoot's" job wasn't the hard-boiled stuff from the stories...*
Narration: *But changing the title on his business card from "Guard" to "Investigator" proved too tempting to pass up.*
Narration: *However, even after three long months of training, he was relegated to sorting raw material, processing documents, and other desk work―*
Narration: *And the rare field work that trickled down to him tended to be odd jobs like investigating adultery or searching for lost pets. He'd spent the better part of a year waiting unhappily for a chance to flex his muscles a little.*
Narration: *Just as he was starting to feel something like regret at ditching the security guard position, a senior employee abruptly stopped by and said "Chief wants to see you. Get a move on. Your clothes are fine as they are."*
Narration: *Ihara's first reaction had been to tilt his head in confusion and try to remember if he'd screwed anything up lately. But then the man leaned down and whispered "Seems like you're getting a pretty important job."*
Narration: *He'd honestly been pretty damn excited for the chance to get some real work. Thrilled, even... until he learned the "important job" amounted to stalking a little girl. More than a bit of a letdown.*
Narration: *That said... this Irisu Makina kid, currently tromping along the sidewalk eight meters or so ahead of him, was certainly keeping Ihara on his toes.*
Narration: *The girl was constantly glancing around the area as she walked, and if something caught her eye she'd often come to an abrupt and total halt.*
Narration: *Keeping a constant distance was proving very difficult. And even worse, she seemed to have a habit of glancing briefly behind her every time she turned a corner, never failing to startle him.*
Narration: *It almost seemed like she might just have a terrible sense of direction... That constantly moving gaze could be her memorizing the area, and turning around might be an attempt to imagine the trip back home ahead of time.*
Narration: *But according to the documents, Irisu Makina had been living in this city for nearly a year. It was hard to imagine getting lost would be a big issue at this point.*
Narration: *Was she simply one of those ADHD kids, or what...? If you looked at her behavior as deliberate acts of caution, you could almost see her as a well-trained spy, but...*
Narration: *Ihara knew he was probably deluding himself on that one. Just some part of him trying to make this more interesting than it really was.*
Narration: *In reality, Irisu Makina didn't project the fierce predatory menace of a trained agent. If anything, she looked more like a nervous little chipmunk, fearful of everything around her.*
Ihara: ...Oops...
Narration: *The girl had come to a sudden stop. She seemed to be peering into the LCD screen of a small electronic toy tied to her belt.*
Narration: *Unless he was careful, Ihara was going to overtake her.*
Narration: *He knew the girl's destination, so it would still be possible to resume surveillance even after passing her. But for now, he wanted to keep observing from behind.*
Narration: *Ihara slowed his pace a little, then reached into his inner jacket pocket and pretended to search for his cell phone.*
Narration: *"...What're you doing...? Hurry up and get walking..."*
Narration: *At this rate, he was going to walk right on by her. It'd be hard to stay out of his target's field of vision much longer... At this point, maybe abandoning the surveillance outright would be best...?*
Narration: *It would be easy enough to take out his phone, check his mail, then abruptly turn around as if called back on some urgent errand.*
Narration: *"...What do I do...? Time to call it a day...?"*
Narration: *Five meters from his target. Ihara decided to make up his mind one way or the other within the next two meters. *
Narration: *But as he continued his slow approach, Irisu Makina suddenly looked up from the toy at her waist, then broke into a pattering run.*
Narration: *"...Dammit... she's completely unpredictable!"*
Narration: *What now? Run after her? He knew the girl was headed to her bakery, so it probably wasn't strictly necessary... but there wasn't much point in a "surveillance" mission if he couldn't keep her in sight.*
Narration: *"Guess I could pretend to be worried about the time..."*
Narration: *Looking down at his watch, Ihara jerked with feigned surprise and started to break into a run. But with his very first step, an unexpected impact brought him to an abrupt halt. *
Ihara: ...Whoops...
Laborer: Ah... Sorry...
Narration: *A man in a pea-green work uniform had suddenly stepped out from a side street directly into Ihara's path.*
Narration: *The laborer was wearing a cap of the same color low over his eyes. In his left hand, he was holding a piece of paper that looked like a crude map.*
Laborer: Very Sorry... Are You Oh-kay...?
Narration: *The man bowed his head apologetically. Must've been looking at his map as he walked... Judging from his awkward Japanese, he probably wasn't from around here.*
Narration: *For some reason, there was a timid half-smile on his face... When Ihara followed the man's gaze down, he couldn't help shouting out loud.*
Ihara: Aah...!
Narration: *The breast of his suit was covered in thick gobs of ice cream.*
Narration: *When he took another look, Ihara realized the man was holding a half-eaten cone in his other hand. *
Narration: *Looked like one of those "Patpong Shower" numbers from that Busky Robinson place the kids were going to these days.*
Laborer: ...Sorry, Sorry? Guo, binda. Baiyo...
Narration: *Speaking cryptic words in a remorseful tone of voice, the man started rubbing at Ihara's suit with his bare hands.*
Ihara: Ah! Hey! Don't spread it around! You're just making it even dirtier!! Forget about it. Stop!
Laborer: Apaini? Dari-mana toan...?
Ihara: Hey, I'm telling you to stop! Don't touch me, all right!? It's fine, so get lost!
Narration: *"This is not good..."*
Narration: *Gathering this much attention on a tailing job was a huge blunder. While warding off the man persistently trying to clean his suit, Ihara hurriedly turned his head in search of Irisu Makina... but the girl was already gone.*
Narration: *At least he hadn't been outright discovered by the subject of his surveillance, but continuing to tail her after this would be very difficult. It'd probably be best to withdraw for the moment, then resume shadowing the girl after she finished at her part-time job.*
Ihara: Will you get lost already!? Are you some kind of illegal or what!?
Narration: *The man visibly flinched at the word "illegal." Finally abandoning his inept attempt at brushing off Ihara's clothing, he pulled his cap down even lower over his eyes...*
Laborer: ...Jass!
Narration: *And with this parting remark, the man in the work uniform beat a hasty retreat. *
Ihara: ...What's with that guy...?
Narration: *Hard to pin down his nationality, even. Fresh off the boat from Vietnam? Maybe the Philippines or something...?*
Narration: *Whatever the case, things just hadn't worked out today.*
Narration: *Ihara reached inside his jacket to switch off his IC recorder. And in the next instant, he let out another reflexive shout.*
Ihara: ...Ah!!
Narration: *The slim metal recorder that had been in his interior jacket pocket was gone. *
Narration: *When Ihara moved his hand to the opposite pocket, the cell phone he'd left there was also missing.*
Narration: *Disbelieving, he reached to the rear pocket of his pants, to discover even his wallet had vanished. *
Ihara: ...That bastard!!!
Narration: *He quickly spun around, but the suspicious foreign laborer had completely disappeared.*
Ihara: ...You're kidding, right...?
Narration: *Naoyuki Ihara fought a powerful urge to lie down on the sidewalk and curl up into a ball.*
Laborer: ...Dai Dai Dai Dai Dai... Daa～imakarooo～ff...♪
Narration: *In a narrow, dim alleyway two streets removed from the station plaza, a "laborer" was sitting on a stack of beer cases, humming the "Lightspeed General Daimakaroff" theme song to himself...  *
Narration: *All the while looking through the contents of a wallet, the fruits of his day's "labors."*
Laborer: ...Hmmm?
Narration: *There were seventeen thousand yen in bills inside. A small purse had another 657 in coins. Not a big haul by any means, but nothing to turn up your nose at.*
Narration: *Inside the card sleeve, there was an ATM card from a bank, credit card, patient registration ticket from a dentist, proof of membership at a video rental shop, and a driver's license for standard cars... with a gold stripe.  *
Laborer: ...Other than that, we've got twenty convenience store coupons... Considering he's walking around with them, doesn't look like these get used too often... Methodical, but a little too much pride for his own good...?
Narration: *The back of the dentist's ticket revealed that its owner last visited only a half-year ago. The man must've been going for regular check-ups to have tartar scraped off or what have you. Definitely the methodical type. *
Laborer: ...Ihara Naoyuki-san, eh...
Narration: *Naturally, the back of the driver's license was unblemished by violations. It was a genuine gold license.*

Date: *August 18, 2011, 13:18 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―It's been three days since the shooting at the bakery. Makina hasn't taken a step outside the school grounds after that incident. She's spending even more time inside the dorm than she used to.*
Narration: *That said, she's not just moping around gloomily...*
Makina: ...Hmmm. Hrrrrrrrrrmmm...
Makina: Hah!! It's appeared! Yer guardian spirit is a bright red hot dog!
Michiru: Excuse me, what!? Why do I have a friggin' sausage for a spirit animal!? And a "bright red" one? What's that supposed to mean!? 
Makina: Complain all ya want, but I know what I saw. There was this red thing floatin' behind ya...
Michiru: Whaaat!? I mean, how does that even make sense!? It's a guardian spirit, right!? A hot dog isn't even a living thing! How can it have a spirit!?
Makina: ...Whuh? Wait, when I look closely, it's kinda... crabby? That a crab leg?
Michiru: Why is it a crab!? Huh? It's a guardian spirit, right!? Like, a spirit that keeps you safe! How are crab legs supposed to guard me!?  
Sachi: ...However, Michiru-sama, a crab is at least a living thing. And as a culinary ingredient, I believe it's several stages above the humble hot dog...
Michiru: That's not the problem here, okay!?
Makina: Ah! I was wrong! This thing ain't no crab, it's crab-flavored fish paste!! He got me good!!
Michiru: Not only did it get cheaper, but it's even less of a living thing!!
Sachi: ...Well, I suppose you could say that, but crab-flavored paste is mainly the pulverized flesh of fish... Perhaps one could say that Michiru-sama's guardian spirit is the walleye pollock, in a sense...?  
Michiru: That's still not exactly reassuring, you know!?
Makina: Hey, don't let it get to ya. Processed foodstuffs ain't so bad in the grand scale o' things! Heck, Yumi-chan's guardian spirit was an AA battery, ya know?
Michiru: What's wrong with an AA battery!? It's the most common size you need, right!?!
Sachi: That strikes me as a somewhat questionable standard of evaluation in this case...
Narration: *―Makina's at least acting like her normal cheerful self.*
Narration: *But according to Amane's testimony, when the girl's alone she often drops her head and stares at the floor, silently brooding...*
Narration: *The cause is obvious enough. Anyone would be depressed after an ugly incident like that.*
Narration: *And for that reason, I have an obligation to get off my ass and take action.*
Michiru: ...Hm? Huh? You going somewhere, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Yeah, got a job in the city today...
Makina: ...Papa...
Yuuji: Don't worry. I'll be back by evening.
Narration: *As Makina looks up at me with anxiety in her eyes, I thump a hand onto her head, then vigorously ruffle her frizzy hair around.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi, look after her for me.
Sachi: But of course. Have no fear in that regard... Kazami-san, please do take care as well...
Yuuji: Yeah. I'll be back in no time.
Makina: Papa... are you really gonna be okay on your own...?
Yuuji: Just trust me.
Michiru: What? What the heck is this? Are you marching off to the battlefield or something?
Yuuji: I'm going to meet Makina's mother.
Michiru: Her mom...? Huh? Why?
Yuuji: I'm going to ask her to leave Makina to me.
Michiru: Huh? Wha... Is that, uh... a proposal!? Like, please give me your daughter!? That sorta thing!?
Yuuji: Not even close, but... hmm, it's surprisingly hard to define the exact difference...
Michiru: ...Huh? What? Seriously!? You two're getting married!?
Yuuji: Like I just said, you've got it all wrong. Anyway, I'll be on my way now.
Sachi: Have a safe journey...
Michiru: Whaaaaaaaaat!?
Narration: *Since things have come this far, I have no choice but to talk directly to a figure of authority in the Irisu and appeal for a stop to this coercive campaign against Makina...*
Narration: *Normally, that would mean directly meeting Makina's grandfather... the previous head of the clan, Irisu Haruchika. But the man sits at the top of a very high peak. It's hard to imagine I'd be able to secure even a chance to negotiate.*
Narration: *What's more, precisely because he's so far above the clouds, apparently there's a good chance Haruchika doesn't know much of anything about the recent shooting incident.*
Narration: *Seemed strange that an acting head executive wouldn't know what's going on in his own organization, but... on that point, Sakaki provided me with a fairly convincing explanation last night.*
Yumiko: ...Right, for example... let's say you cut the tip of your finger.
Yumiko: Of course, the moment that injury occurs, you'll feel pain. Within moments, you should realize that you've suffered an injury...
Yumiko: But that doesn't mean you're aware of the bacteria penetrating your wound, or how your white blood cells are fighting them, yes...?
Yuuji: ...True enough...
Narration: *Even if you're aware that the process is taking place in an academic sense, there's no way to grasp the exact details of that microscopic battle.*
Yumiko: The Irisu family is much the same.
Yumiko: If you compare their clan to a body, this matter is the equivalent of a splinter lodging in their fingertip.
Yumiko: The brain, Mr. Haruchika, will be aware of the splinter because of the pain it's causing him. But his "blood cells" are operating below the level of his awareness... That's how any organization of that size functions...
Yuuji: ...I see...
Yuuji: Even so, I can't just let things stay this way. Fortunately enough, we're human beings, not cells. We should at least be able to negotiate.
Yumiko: In that case, I believe it would be wise to begin by meeting Irisu-san's mother... Irisu Kiyoka.
Yuuji: Makina's mother, is it...?
Yumiko: Mr. Haruchika may be the acting head of the Irisu, but it's hardly a secret that Kiyoka-san and her mother Hatsune-san are the ones truly directing their activities. The Irisu are a matrilinear clan...  
Yuuji: Ah, now that you mention it...
Narration: *Makina had said something like "Talkin' to Grandpa won't do any good."*
Narration: *I'd just assumed that she meant Haruchika-san couldn't comply with her requests because of his responsibilities to the organization he leads, but...*
Narration: *Maybe she meant that the man's a figurehead, lacking the authority and influence to help even if he wanted to...*
Yumiko: The best decision from Mr. Haruchika's perspective is not necessarily the best decision for the organization as well. 
Yumiko: And when such conflicts do arise, the individuals who possess ultimate decision-making power are Irisu-san's mother, Kiyoka-san, and her grandmother, Hatsune-san... or so it would appear...  
Yumiko: If you want to negotiate, it would be best to begin with Kiyoka-san, who controls the Irisu's enterprises within Japan.
Yumiko: ...But of course, I doubt it's particularly easy to get an appointment with her either... 
Narration: *It was a valid point, but as I'm always telling Makina, there's no chance of getting anywhere if you don't try.*
Narration: *When backing down isn't an option, there's no reason not to test every option you have, even when you know the odds are long.*
Narration: *Borrowing Makina's cell, I called her mother, but the woman didn't pick up the phone.*
Narration: *After making several attempts at regular intervals, I finally left a succinct message on her voicemail: "I need to talk to you about Irisu Makina"... *
Narration: *And this morning, I received a return call directly from Irisu Kiyoka herself.*
Narration: *The woman was calling her daughter's cell phone, but a strange man answered. She made no attempt to hide her understandable mistrust―*
Narration: *But after I explained that I was acting as Makina's representative, I seemed to earn at least provisional recognition, successfully convincing her to make time for a face-to-face conversation.*
Narration: *In order to meet Makina's mother at 1500 hours this afternoon, I take the train alone from Mishima Cape Station into the city. My appointment's at the headquarters of the clan's core organization, "Irisu Global." *
Narration: *Although I said "the city," the building apparently stands discreetly a good distance from Tokyo's core.*
Narration: *I'm not fond of trains, but for Makina's sake, I need to try and settle this as quickly as humanly possible...*
Narration: *After somehow toughing out forty-eight miserable minutes on three different trains, I spend half an hour walking the "ten-minute taxi ride" from the station to the Irisu Global building, still arriving fifteen minutes ahead of time.*
Narration: *Considering the scale of the Irisu enterprises, the headquarters is a surprisingly compact twelve-story building. Not any different in size from a branch office in my "company."*
Narration: *From Sakaki's stories, I'd imagined a towering monument to corporate power and wealth, but this leaves a very different impression.*
Yuuji: ...Well, better than getting intimidated by the building right off the bat, I guess...
Narration: *I'd been a little concerned about being overwhelmed by some massive skyscraper, so this is a pleasant surprise.*
Narration: *You always start off at a psychological minus when negotiating in the opponent's stronghold, so even a small plus like this is something to be grateful for.*
Narration: *Drawing the necktie on my school uniform tight around my neck, I make my way quietly through the automatic door in the front of the building, then confirm my appointment at the front desk.*
Receptionist: ...Ah, yes, Kazami-sama. We have you on the schedule. Please follow me... 
Narration: *The receptionist, a worthy match for Komine Sachi in the "utterly expressionless" department, guides me to a bank of elevators―*
Narration: *Where a woman in a clearly expensive dark-red suit is patiently holding a door open.*
Sawada: ...My name is Sawada. I am currently serving as Kiyoka-sama's personal assistant. Please, this way...
Narration: *Never even opening her eyes, Miss Sawada offers a perfect ten degree bow. Returning a small nod of greeting, I enter the red-carpeted elevator as instructed.*
Narration: *Sinking to my ankles in the long-haired carpet, I join my hands behind my back in the "at ease" position. Miss Sawada moves quietly inside, turning her back to me to press the "12" button for the top floor.*
Narration: *On second glance, the panel only has buttons for the lobby and the twelfth floor. Looks like this is a private elevator to the president's office in the penthouse.*
Narration: *When we arrive a few seconds later, Miss Sawada simply murmurs "This way" quietly before setting off down the hallway. As I follow, I can't help confirming the positions of the windows and emergency exits, as per my usual habit.*
Narration: *Gazing outside the windows, I'm less concerned with the pleasant view than potential sniping points... This's got to be an occupational disease at this point. Sort of like a patch of rust inside my mind that won't scrape off.  *
Narration: *The corridor the secretary leads me down only has one actual door...*
Narration: *Inside, there's a modest room about 13 square meters in size, dominated by a desk that's built into the floor. A nameplate reading "Sawada Hiroka" stands on its surface.*
Narration: *Presumably this is my guide's personal office...*
Narration: *In the very back of this room, there's a more imposing door made of thick, expensive-looking wood. Miss Sawada raps on it lightly with her knuckles, calling "Kazami Yuuji-sama has arrived, ma'am" to the person inside―*
Narration: *...Please, do come in.*
Narration: *―And the answer she receives in return is spoken in a far more youthful voice than I'd expected.*
Narration: *Miss Sawada opens the door and guides me inside. The moment I cross the threshold, I squeeze both hands into fists at my side, then click my heels together and stand at attention.*
Yuuji: Kazami Yuuji, reporting in!
Narration: *As Irisu Kiyoka watches me bow from behind her desk, her eyes open wide for just a moment. *
Narration: *That startled expression strongly resembles Makina's. Not that I really suspected otherwise, but it's more than enough to convince me this woman is her mother.*
Kiyoka: Thank you for coming. Well, no need to stand on formality... Please, do take a seat.
Narration: *As she offers me gentle, bland words of greeting, Irisu Kiyoka's eyes glance not to my face, but to my feet.*
Narration: *My master once told me "Women who look at your feet first need to be handled with caution." It's the sign of a person who judges a man's worth based on the shoes they're wearing. Their attitude changes dramatically based on that evaluation.*
Narration: *I'm wearing black loafers of the sort designated by the Mihama Academy dress code. Not high-quality products by any means, but thanks to the habits I picked up in my workplace, they're so well-polished you can see your face in them.*
Kiyoka: Would you care for a drink?
Yuuji: No, please don't take the trouble.
Kiyoka: There's no reason to hold back, you know? You're taking care of my daughter, after all... Sawada, please bring us some cold tea.
Sawada: ...Certainly, ma'am.
Narration: *Miss Sawada bows as rigidly as a mechanical doll, then quietly leaves the room.*
Narration: *As we wait for the tea, Irisu Kiyoka observes me carefully, the bright smile never leaving her face. After a long moment of silence, she abruptly opens her mouth.*
Kiyoka: Perhaps you were surprised to find our headquarters housed in such a relatively modest building?
Yuuji: Well, yes...
Kiyoka: Understandable. But it's not often you'll see a structure of this scale built entirely in-house, you know?
Yuuji: ...In-house, ma'am...?
Kiyoka: Not only was this building designed by one of our architects and built by our construction company, but everything you've seen since stepping in the front door has been one of our products.  
Kiyoka: The decorative plants in the lobby, the drinks in the vending machine... even the elevator you rode up to this floor was of Irisu manufacture...
Kiyoka: And while it might sound a little extreme, everyone working in this building is Irisu to the core. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say virtually everything here bears our stamp.
Yuuji: Is that so...?
Narration: *Are these words intended as some kind of boast? Or perhaps a reminder that I don't have a single ally in this place... An implicit threat? *
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka, an expression of studied innocence on her face, begins to answer questions I haven't asked.*
Kiyoka: The majority of people in Japan live in the palm of Irisu's hand without even knowing it. For example... right, even the konjac jelly you ate for breakfast this morning was one of our products.  
Yuuji: ...I don't believe I had any, actually...
Kiyoka: Oh, what a shame... It's quite popular with the young people these days, you know? Have you perhaps seen the television spot? "Konjac Morning Energy Charge!" and all that? 
Kiyoka: You know, the commercial where that male idol Iguchi Asuma prances around Shibuya station while gulping down the jelly...
Yuuji: Unfortunately, I'm afraid not...
Kiyoka: I see. Well then, since you're here, please do take a box home with you as a souvenir. I'll call down and arrange it immediately.
Yuuji: Uh, I'm appreciative of your thoughtfulness, but... I came here today as a representative of Irisu Makina, not a tourist...
Kiyoka: ..."Representative"... A representative, is it...
Kiyoka: My apologies, but what exactly is the nature of your relationship with Makina...?
Yuuji: We're classmates.
Kiyoka: Classmates? Would a mere classmate intervene this deeply in her personal family matters?
Yuuji: I've received more than adequate compensation for my involvement.
Kiyoka: Compensation? Aah, now that you mention it, I did hear a fairly decent amount of money was withdrawn from the girl's account. Is that how it is?
Yuuji: It is indeed.
Kiyoka: Oh, you don't say? My, my. I was rather curious about the nature of her little shopping spree... I see, so she bought you? Heavens, purchasing a human being with money... Well, the girl's certainly something...
Yuuji: I'm the abnormal one for allowing myself to be purchased. Please don't blame your daughter. 
Kiyoka: Goodness, such loyalty... At least the girl spent her money well...
Sawada: ...I have returned with the tea.
Kiyoka: Come in.
Sawada: ...Please excuse me.
Narration: *Miss Sawada carries in two cool glass teacups, and a wooden tray with an artful assortment of small cakes. Bending her knees carefully to the ground, she personally arranges them on the low table in front of us.*
Kiyoka: Please, do help yourself.
Yuuji: Very kind of you.
Narration: *I bring the teacup to my mouth, watching out of the corner of my eye as Sawada bows silently and slips out of the room. The tea has a rich, pleasant aroma, and a single sip spreads clean, simple sweetness throughout my mouth.*
Narration: *If I'm able to appreciate its excellent flavor like this, I'm probably not dangerously nervous at the moment. Returning my cup to the table, I abruptly broach the main topic.*
Yuuji: ...In regards to Irisu Makina... it seems she no longer has the slightest intention of returning.
Kiyoka: ...So now we're talking about that all of a sudden...?
Yuuji: It is the reason I came here, after all.
Kiyoka: And? What do you want me to do, exactly?
Yuuji: Makina has no interest in returning to the Irisu clan in any capacity. Therefore, I would ask you to bring the various forms of harassment being employed against her to a complete halt.
Kiyoka: ...Harrassment? You're referring to what, exactly?
Yuuji: Were you not aware that the bakery where she's currently employed had four live bullets fired at its shopfront...?
Kiyoka: I've heard the story, yes. However... that wasn't done on my directions, you know? Rumor has it an extreme faction within the branch family might have been responsible, but the details are still under investigation.
Yuuji: Of course, I didn't come here with the assumption that you were responsible. However, you are capable of issuing an order to refrain from further extreme actions. This is an appeal for your assistance.
Kiyoka: Hmmm... well, that's not as interesting as I expected... Would you mind if I asked you something? 
Yuuji: I'll answer anything I can...
Kiyoka: I've received a report that a group of individuals, thought to be the perpetrators of the crime in question, were taken into police custody... having been bound beforehand by an unknown assailant...
Kiyoka: ...Might that by any chance have been your doing...?
Yuuji: How interesting. I can't say that I recall anything of the sort.
Kiyoka: Really, now?
Yuuji: Don't you think it a bit far-fetched to suggest a mere student like myself could possibly have taken such an outrageous course of action?
Kiyoka: To be certain, a normal student wouldn't be able to manage that. But tell me, does that really describe you?
Yuuji: You can see for yourself, ma'am. I am a thoroughly unremarkable, dime-a-dozen student.
Kiyoka: And you expect me to believe Makina hired such an utterly dull human being at a cost of seventy million yen?
Yuuji: If you'll excuse my saying so, that has less to do with my capabilities and more to do with your daughter's exceptionally eccentric personality.
Kiyoka: ...We'll have to leave it at that, I suppose. However... I must say... 
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka leans closer to the leather sofa where I'm seated, and gives the air a gentle but audible sniff.*
Kiyoka: ...You have the scent of an exceptionally brutal attack dog about you...
Yuuji: Do I really smell...? I did bathe before my visit, for what it's worth...
Kiyoka: Come now, as though a little water could wash away a scent that's sunk into your very bones...
Yuuji: ............
Kiyoka: Well... all right then. Consider your petition heard. I will emphasize that no extreme measures are to be taken against Makina. 
Yuuji: I'm grateful for your understanding. Could I have your seal on this settlement agreement?
Kiyoka: Oh, goodness, what a surprise. You even prepared documentation?
Yuuji: Respectfully, a private verbal promise to a student doesn't amount to much...
Kiyoka: I understand. I'll sign your papers. However... please keep in mind this arrangement is only the result of our personal discussion here today, yes?
Yuuji: ...What do you mean by that?
Kiyoka: Well, I'm quite willing to agree not to issue any orders or directives aimed at harming Makina, and I will admonish my subordinates not to touch her as well.
Kiyoka: However, there's no guarantee that everyone within this organization will obey my orders. That's all I meant.
Yuuji: ...But that makes your agreement all but meaningless...!
Kiyoka: Naturally, I'll bear appropriate responsibility for any actions others may take in defiance of my instructions... but surely you understand yourself that the matter is rather complicated?
Kiyoka: For one thing, the ones who escalated the situation first were Makina's supporters in the main house. They blew up Sarina's car, you know? That was a direct attack on the branch family's foremost representative.  
Kiyoka: I can tell them not to take revenge, but who knows how much of the branch family will actually listen...
Yuuji: ...Yes, but... I came here today in the hope you would find a way to make them listen.
Kiyoka: In circumstances this tangled and bitter, isn't that expecting a little too much?
Yuuji: We're talking about your own child here, ma'am...
Kiyoka: Yes, true enough. I labored painfully to bring both Makina and Sarina into this world. However, I'm not interested in the slightest which of them inherits control of the Irisu.
Yuuji: That's not the problem here...!
Kiyoka: You want to keep Makina safe, yes? The single simplest and most certain way is to entrust her to the main family. Once she's within the fold, even the most radical in the branch family would think twice before laying a hand on her.
Yuuji: ...But that's...
Kiyoka: No matter how much Makina may dislike the idea, this is still the optimal choice. Won't you attempt to convince her as well?
Yuuji: ...That's not possible.
Kiyoka: In that case, I'll talk to her myself.
Kiyoka: But of course, even if I were to call her directly, I'm sure the girl wouldn't answer the phone... Could you place the call instead?
Yuuji: I can contact her... but unless Makina herself wants to talk to you, I won't be able to hand over the phone...
Kiyoka: That's still acceptable.
Yuuji: Very well...
Narration: *I take out my cell phone from my breast pocket and dial Makina's number.*
Makina: ...Papa? What's wrong? Are you done talkin' already?
Yuuji: No, we're still in the middle of our conversation... but your mother says she wants to speak to you. Would that be all right?
Makina: ...Uu...
Yuuji: ...You can just come up with some excuse if you don't want to talk... It's completely up to you.
Makina: ...............
Makina: ...Okay... I'll try... talkin' to her...
Yuuji: You going to be all right?
Makina: ...Yeah... over the phone should be okay... I think...
Yuuji: Understood... I'm going to give the phone to your mother now.
Yuuji: ...Makina seems to be willing to talk.
Kiyoka: ...Oh, is that so...?
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka gingerly accepts the cell phone from my outstretched hand, then brings it to her ear.*
Kiyoka: ...Hello? Is that you, Makina...? It's me...
Kiyoka: ...Huh? As I said, it's me... Excuse me? I can't hear you. Speak up a little... What?
Kiyoka: It's me! Irisu Kiyoka! The woman who gave birth to you! What sort of a child mistakes her own mother for a con artist!? Honestly!
Narration: *Probably not wanting me to overhear the phone call, Irisu Kiyoka stands from her seat with my cell phone, then walks off briskly to the far window.*
Narration: *What sort of a conversation can you possibly have with the mother you haven't even seen in six years...?*
Narration: *More importantly, was allowing them talk directly really a wise decision on my part?*
Narration: *But just as my impatience begins to develop into something like regret, Irisu Kiyoka returns with my cell phone, having concluded her discussion much more quickly than I'd expected.*
Kiyoka: ...Thank you very much. Here, I'm returning this...
Narration: *Perhaps something of a clean freak, she holds out my cell phone pinched delicately between the tips of her fingers, as if handling something deeply unsanitary. Taking it carefully, I try to study her expression, but―*
Narration: *The face of Makina's mother, a woman who's lived her life moving in the shadows of the Irisu Zaibatsu, reveals absolutely nothing.*
Kiyoka: We were able to reach a conclusion, so please feel free to be on your way. I appreciate your visit.
Yuuji: ...A conclusion...? What kind of...
Kiyoka: That's the result of a private conversation between myself and my daughter. I'm under no obligation to explain the specifics to you.
Yuuji: ...I'm afraid I can't be satisfied with that.
Kiyoka: ...Perhaps you still don't understand? While you came here as Makina's representative, in the end you yielded the dialogue to your client herself.  
Kiyoka: In other words, you have already waived your right to act as her proxy. You see?
Yuuji: ............
Kiyoka: And while I may have used the word "representative," in reality you're simply a messenger Makina sent over arbitrarily. Without my recognition, you have no authority whatsoever to participate in this matter.
Yuuji: ...Certainly true...
Kiyoka: Very good. Now that you've got a solid grasp of your own ineptitude, please take your konjac jelly on the first floor and run along back to your school.
Yuuji: Not only am I supposed to go home without accomplishing anything whatsoever, you expect me to carry back a box of souvenirs like a complete idiot?
Kiyoka: Oh goodness, so you're not entirely oblivious? I was so hoping you'd be callow enough to take it... Perhaps realizing the insult halfway home, and angrily hurling your jelly away...  
Narration: *I see... Quite the arrogant personality.*
Narration: *This woman seems to have divided human beings into two clearly-defined categories. She looks down on those who can't profit her in some way as garbage... Words won't get you anywhere with this type.*
Narration: *After heaving a single quiet sigh, I rise from the sofa.*
Yuuji: ...Thank you for your time! I will return at a later date!
Narration: *With this announcement and a brief bow, I leave Irisu Kiyoka's office behind.*
Narration: *Downstairs, I politely refuse an offer of a car to the station, and naturally turn down the jelly souvenir as well.*
Narration: *In the end, I leave with nothing but a painful reminder: despite my somewhat unusual set of skills and experiences, I'm still nothing but a powerless student...*
Narration: *On the walk back to the station, my legs feel far heavier than usual. The thought "Why did I even come here?" weighs me down like a backpack full of lead.*
Narration: *The woman said a conclusion had been reached. But it's not clear what results that strangely brief conversation will ultimately produce.*
Narration: *Is it really all right to just let things take their course like this? Fighting off anxiety, the scent of something vaguely fishy tickling the back of my nostrils, I make my way back to the dorm where Makina waits.*
Date: *August 18, 2011, 19:35 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Makina: Welcome back, Papa!! Today's dinner is flounder stew, ya know?
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *Makina greets me the moment I'm in the door, even more cheerfully than usual... *
Narration: *And when I try to ask about her negotiations with her mother, she just answers "It's okay now," without shedding any light whatsoever on what's "okay" or how.*
Narration: *Since she clearly isn't eager to recount the conversation, I can't bring myself to pursue the line of questioning too vigorously.*
Narration: *In any case, Makina's expression is so genuinely bright that I can't help feeling slightly relieved, assuming that the discussion must've ended on a fairly promising note.*
Narration: *Putting a hand on Makina's head as she smiles innocently, I ruffle her hair around violently like always. A striking scent floats up and fills my nose.*
Narration: *This mixture of fruity shampoo and oddly sweet-smelling sweat is Makina's distinctive scent, unlike any other woman's. It leaves a youthful, almost childish impression...*
Narration: *It's a deeply pleasant moment, almost like I've slipped my chilled body into a nice hot bath. But soon enough, a murmuring electronic rumble brings it to an end.*
Yuuji: ...Hm? Is that my phone...?
Narration: *I take out my private cell phone to find the name "Suou Amane" displayed on the caller ID screen. *
Yuuji: ...Amane? Weird... Why would she bother to call...?
Makina: Aah, Ama-nee went out to th' supermarket by the station to buy some tofu, ya know?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... wonder if she forgot her wallet or something...
Yuuji: ...This is Kazami.
Amane: Ah! Yuuji!? This is really bad!! Really, really bad!!
Yuuji: Went shopping without your purse or something?
Amane: No, no, no!! It's burning, okay!?! This is very bad! It's burning like crazy!! Waaah!! Something just went bang!! Like, BANG!!
Yuuji: Calm down. What's burning...?
Amane: It's the bakery!! The bakery!! Burning!!
Yuuji: What about the bakery...? What do you... What're they burning?
Amane: Listen to me! It's a fire!! The bakery Makina works at is on fire!! What do we do!? 
Yuuji: ...Wha...!?
Makina: Huh...? What's wrong? Did something happen...?
Yuuji: ...It's the bakery by the station... She says it's on fire...
Makina: ...!!!
Yuuji: Ah... hey! Makina...! Wait!!
Amane: Yuuji!? Hey, Yuuji! Are you listening!?
Yuuji: Amane! Are you in a safe place right now?
Amane: Ah... yeah...
Yuuji: Then stay where you are until the fire department gets there! Keep your distance and don't try anything stupid!
Amane: G-Got it...
Yuuji: Makina went running out, so I'm going to follow her. She's almost certainly headed over there.
Amane: Makina is!? Wha... Is it going to be okay!?
Yuuji: I'll take care of it. Hanging up now.
Narration: *A fire at the bakery...?*
Narration: *Bullets through the window just the other day, and now it's burning...?*
Narration: *There isn't a damn chance that's a coincidence.*
Narration: *As I rush out of the dorm in pursuit of Makina, my mind has already fixed on the worst possible hypothesis. This has to be arson.*
Narration: *The night sky is dyed with pale orange light, the air filled with the foul stink of a large-scale fire. The station streets are already crowded with onlookers, surrounding the bakery where the blaze began from a cautious distance.*
Yuuji: ...Makina...!
Narration: *She must've reflexively tried to run into the bakery, only to be restrained by a nearby bystander...*
Narration: *One arm in the grip of a neighborhood housewife, Makina stands in the street. Not screaming, not shouting. Just staring at the burning building in blank shock, her breath caught in her throat. Still as a statue.*
Yuuji: Makina, are you all right...?
Narration: *The powerful agitation that drove her from the dorm, losing its external outlet, seems to have flowed down her back and turned her legs to jelly. Makina's knees tremble so violently it seems she might collapse at any moment.*
Makina: ...Papa... it's burning... The bakery's... burning...
Yuuji: Makina...
Narration: *As she mumbles the words in tones of blank disbelief, I feel a heavy lump of uneasiness settling in the pit of my belly like a stone. My stomach squeezes in on itself painfully.*
Narration: *Bathed in the transfixing orange light, people are desperately moving back and forth in front of the burning building, casting vivid shadows across the ground as they relay water toward the flames.  *
Narration: *Among them are many familiar faces... Mostly men from the shopping district... and Amane, her long hair thoroughly disheveled, swinging buckets down the line.*
Yuuji: ...Amane!!
Narration: *Noticing me as I step forward to join the relay, Amane's eyes find Makina at my side. She rushes over instantly.*
Amane: Yuuji! Makina...!!
Yuuji: What the hell happened!?
Amane: Don't know! But they're saying someone set the fire!!
Yuuji: ...Arson...
Narration: *I fight down the urge to curse in frustration. It's one damn thing after the other with these people... *
Yuuji: ...In any case, we need to fight the fire! Is there anyone left inside!?
Amane: It's fine! The owner and his wife got away safely!
Narration: *Amane points to Makina's employer, sitting flat on the ground with pure incomprehension on his face. His wife crouches behind him, her face buried in the small of his back, sobbing frantically.*
Yuuji: Amane... look after Makina...
Narration: *Turning my back on Amane's dazed, soot-stained face, I run to join the relay line. Until the fire department arrives, we have to focus on keeping the flames from spreading.*
Amane: Makina! Are you okay!? Hey, Makina!?
Makina: ...Ama-nee...
Makina: ...*Sob*... Uugh... aah... aah... It's burni... ah... hwaaaah...!!
Amane: Makina...
Narration: *I've seen many people weeping under many different circumstances, but this is the first time it's felt this painful to watch.*
Narration: *After all this time, she'd finally worked up the courage to try and leave the curse of the Irisu family behind. *
Narration: *Of her own free will, she took a small but deeply meaningful first step forward. A simple part-time position at a neighborhood bakery.*
Narration: *As she learned the job through steady effort, Makina told me about her dream of opening a store of her own someday.*
Narration: *True, that might've been little more than the simplistic fantasy of a child.*
Narration: *But even knowing that it might never be realized, she had a goal. She had a vision of her own bakery, of buying a home where we could live together. This job was her first small, precious step toward that objective...  *
Narration: *And now it's gone just like that. Smashed to pieces by irrational violence.*
Narration: *The shop's windows lie shattered by the heat of the fire. As tendrils of flame lick persistently at the walls, the handmade signboard slowly burns down.*
Narration: *It's the same sign that was hit in the drive-by shooting the other day.*
Narration: *The handsome piece of wood has already begun to carbonize, but I can still make out the bullet-hole. A tongue of flame spouts through it, silently chiding "We warned you, didn't we?"*
Narration: *The arsonists must've been members of the Irisu's branch family.*
Narration: *Even if their superiors admonished them to leave Makina alone, it's clearly not an order they're willing to accept.*
Narration: *A faction within the branch house covered up the girl's existence for years, hoping to deceive the main family...*
Narration: *And when the facts came to light, they reaped what they'd sown. A preemptive attack nearly killed their candidate for head of the Irisu Zaibatsu.*
Narration: *I can sympathize with the rage it must've caused the branch family when their figurehead was wounded. But Makina's hardly the person they should be taking it out on... let alone her employer. This is just a childish spasm of violence.*
Narration: *As I stare up at the burning store, I feel a strange heat spreading across my face. It has less to do with the temperature of the air than the emotions boiling up inside me.*
Narration: *Eventually the local fire department arrives on the scene. And in the blink of an eye, the flames are extinguished.*
Narration: *Fortunately, the only damage is to property. The bakery on the first floor has been destroyed, but there are no injuries...*
Narration: *But as the owner sinks to his knees and moans in agonized disbelief, I can't find any words of comfort. *
Makina: ...*Hic*... No... No more... *Sob*... Mom, you liar...! *Sob*... 
Amane: ...Makina...
Narration: *As I carry Makina to the dorm, Amane tries her best to comfort the girl, but she just buries her face in my back and doesn't respond.*
Narration: *Ever since she was a child, she's had to deal with those deranged by power or money aiming for her life. The girl might even be somewhat used to it by now.*
Narration: *Even so, the guilt of having dragged completely unrelated people into this seems about ready to crush her flat.*
Narration: *At such times, the kinder the people around you act, the more you'll close yourself off from them. More than anything else, out of the fear that you'll end up bringing them misfortune too.*
Narration: *And Makina doesn't grow any more talkative after our return...*
Makina: ...I'm gonna... go talk to Mom on th' phone...
Narration: *With that one sentence, she disappears by herself.*
Michiru: ...So wait, what exactly happened? Why's that girl so depressed?
Amane: Didn't I just explain this? The bakery she works at had a fire, okay?
Michiru: But nobody got hurt, right? Everyone got out okay? Why not just be happy about that?
Michiru: Why's she making that face like it's the end of the world? It's not like it's her fault the store caught on fire, for crying out loud.  
Amane: Well... yeah, but...
Narration: *I haven't explained any of the details to Amane, but judging from the way her sentence trails off awkwardly, she seems to have her suspicions.*
Yumiko: ...It's certainly not Irisu-san's fault... but you can't say she's uninvolved, either... It's a rather difficult situation... 
Michiru: What're you talking about, Yumiko? Do you know something about this?
Yumiko: I do. But that doesn't mean I can do anything about it. It's exceptionally galling... To be honest, I'm almost envious of your ignorance...  
Michiru: What the heck is that supposed to mean!?
Yuuji: Don't fight, okay...? If you absolutely have to know, I'll tell you... but even if you end up regretting you asked, it'll be pretty damn hard to forget. You sure you want to know?
Michiru: ...W-What...? Like one of those urban legends where you get cursed just by hearing the magic words...?
Yuuji: Unfortunately, this is non-fiction...
Sachi: ...Is this... some variety of information that could change the way we see Maki-chan...?
Yuuji: Pretty much...
Sachi: In that case, I would rather not hear it. I love Maki-chan as she is...
Yuuji: You're a good girl, Sachi.
Michiru: What the heck!? Now you're making it sound like I'm a bad girl or something! It's not like I'm that desperate to hear Makina's secrets myself, okay!?
Michiru: ...But... at this rate... I guess I'm not really... gonna know how to act around her... or something...
Michiru: In other words, what am I supposed to do here!? You have to tell me clearly or I won't know! I'm an idiot, remember!?
Yuuji: Don't worry about it too much. Just interact with her the same as always.
Yuuji: If you clumsily tried to comfort her or something, Makina'd probably just get even more depressed. Nobody wants to get pitied by an idiot.
Michiru: Don't call me an idiot, jerk!!
Yuuji: You just said it yourself, woman...
Amane: ...Hey, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Hm? What?
Amane: I'm, uh... I'm not that great at acting either... I tend to blurt out the stuff I'm thinking, or let it show up on my face... so it's probably better for me not to know too much...
Amane: But even so... there's just one thing I really want to know. Can I ask?
Yuuji: Go ahead...
Amane: Is that girl... going back to her family...?
Yuuji: That's... hard to say... Sorry, but only Makina knows...
Yuuji: What makes you think so in the first place?
Amane: Uhm... I guess it was summer vacation last year? I asked the girl if she was going home over break... and she answered...  
Makina: ...I'm... a girl who can't go home, ya know...?
Amane: Hm? Why not?
Makina: If I went home... I don't think I'd be able ta come back here again... 
Amane: Uh, why not...?
Makina: ...Uuu... Errrm... I can't explain it too well...
Makina: I mean, I know it'd probably be best if I went home, right? But if I do go back, I don't think I'll be able to see anybody from this school anymore...  
Makina: Ama-nee... Yumi-chan... Chiruchiru... and even Chizuchizu... I'd never ever talk to you guys again...
Makina: ...That's th' one thing I don't want... no matter what...
Amane: Oh yeah? I don't really get it, but... if that's how it is, might as well not go home, right?
Makina: ...Yeah... I do think I'll hafta go back eventually... but until that day comes... I don't wanna go back there myself...
Amane: Yeah, forget that! Okay then, how about you come visit my family this year? Let's go to Kyoto together!
Makina: ...Yeah!
Amane: ...Somehow... the way Makina looks right now reminds me of that day... She only really gets that look on her face when she's talking about her family. It's kind of bugging me...
Yuuji: I see...
Sachi: ...She mentioned Amane-san, Sakaki-san, Michiru-sama... and even Principal Tachibana's name... Why not Sacchin, I wonder...?
Michiru: ...Uh, you weren't even here yet last summer, remember?
Sachi: ...Ah... you're quite correct... Silly Sachi...
Michiru: You know... you're a real airhead sometimes, aren't you?
Sachi: Please stop... Coming from you, Michiru-sama, that's genuinely depressing... 
Michiru: And what's that supposed to mean, exactly!?
Yumiko: In any case, there aren't many ways we can help her right now...
Amane: But there is something we can do...?
Yumiko: Well, yes... We can act normally around her. I think that about covers it... 
Yuuji: Yeah... I think she'd appreciate that more than anything else right now...
Yumiko: We can't do anything else, but... Kazami-kun, isn't there something only you can do for her?
Yuuji: ...Something only I can do, eh...
Yumiko: Suou-san, where is Irisu-san right now...?
Amane: Ah... uhmm... she said something about wanting to be alone and wandered off... I guess she probably went to her room...?
Yumiko: I see.
Yumiko: ...So there you are, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: Are you telling me to comfort her...?
Yumiko: It is a speciality of yours, yes?
Yuuji: ...Not sure where you got an idea like that...

Narration: *When I pull her close, I feel Makina's warmth settle in my arms. After the last few days, it's already a familiar sensation. *
Narration: *Holding the girl like this inspires both guilt at having finally made her mine, and a new, surpisingly powerful awareness of her as a woman.*
Narration: *Her shoulders are slender, her head small against my chest. Not exactly voluptuous, and she doesn't make much of a pillow... but I can feel my determination to keep this soft little creature safe growing even more absolute.*
Date: *August 19, 2011, 06:40 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *―There are two times when a woman will start making particularly unreasonable demands. The first is when she wants to confirm that a man loves her, and the second is when she's decided to leave that man.  *
Narration: *I'm pretty sure what happened last night with Makina falls into the latter category. So when I wake up to find she's no longer lying at my side, I'm not particularly flustered or even surprised...*
Yuuji: ...I see... She left, huh...?
Narration: *―If anything, "resigned" might be a better word.*
Narration: *Most likely, Makina's decided not to trouble anyone. To go off and fight all alone.*
Narration: *I talked pretty damn big about becoming her father... but in the end, I guess I couldn't do much of anything for the girl. *
Narration: *Even so, maybe my presence in her life helped Makina find the courage to stand on her own like this... That pathetic, self-serving theory is my only comfort right now.*
Yuuji: ...Makina...
Narration: *When I mumble her name, there's a sharp twinge of loneliness in my chest. The thought of never feeling that small body settle onto my lap again makes me sigh out loud.  *
Narration: *If she's made up her mind to go, there's nothing I can do... If she's decided to confront them all on her own, it's not my place to interfere.*
Narration: *But did you really have to vanish without saying a word, Makina...?*
Narration: *I'm not going to start complaining about something you decided on your own, and I'm not thoughtless enough to try tagging along on a road you want to walk alone.  *
Narration: *...Well, I mean... not that I wanted you to imitate a certain shaggy-headed German woman and write "Bye bye..." on the window in lipstick or anything... Seem to remember that making me less sentimental and more irritated...*
Narration: *But still, would it've killed you to say "I'm goin' now" to my back as I pretended to sleep or something...?*
Narration: *Shame the girl vanished before I could teach her that sort of romantic etiquette.*
Narration: *The only thing Makina's left behind in this room is a faint trace of her sweet body odor lingering in the air...*
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *...Looking more closely, there's actually a few pieces of junk the girl seems to have carried in here at some point. Hadn't even noticed.*
Narration: *When leaving a man's room, a woman's supposed to carefully gather up all her personal belongings, then toss a single earring under the bed. Guess nobody explained that to her, either...*
Narration: *But I guess it's going to be a while before I can teach her anything again―*
Makina: Hooooi-yaaaah!!!
Narration: *My maudlin thoughts are interrupted by a shout from the lobby outside. I look up reflexively.*
Narration: *This... idiotic voice... completely wiping out the motivation of all who hear it...*
Makina: Thanks you for coming! Want a beer!? You pig! Your phone's ringing! Hurry pick up! You pig!
Narration: *Sure enough, a certain individual's rudely thumping away at a giant lump of wheat flour, keeping up a constant stream of abuse in the pidgin Japanese of a foreign hostess.*
Narration: *Even in this dormitory, there aren't many people who'd keep up this sort of bizarre behavior first thing in the morning...*
Yuuji: ...Makina... why...
Narration: *Why're you still here...?*
Narration: *Weren't you, uh, going off to have a showdown with your mother or... you know... confront your destiny, or whatever...?*
Makina: You want more, yes!? You pig! Oh, dirty pig! You just bread! Bad bread! Dirty... bread!!! 
Narration: *As the girl vigorously assaults the flour while bathing it in abuse, I call out to her small back.*
Yuuji: Hey, Makina...
Makina: Mr. President going home already? Okay goodbye! Thank you come again!!
Yuuji: About face!!
Makina: Hunh!!?
Yuuji: Don't "hunh" at me, kid... What're you snarling about...?
Makina: Ohoh! Surprised me there! If it isn't Mr. President!
Yuuji: Since when was I president of anything...? What're you doing out here?
Makina: Tch tch tch... If ya can't tell by lookin', you won't understand even if I tell ya, princess. 
Yuuji: Who the hell're you calling a princess...?
Makina: Anyway, it's just what it looks like! I'm kneadin' wheat flour! While roleplayin' as an immigrant hostess!
Yuuji: ...Calling something "roleplay" doesn't automatically make it kosher, kid...
Narration: *Most likely, she's picked up that way of speaking from the hostesses that do their shopping down by the station, but...*
Narration: *That job at the bakery really seems to have expanded her sphere of relationships... in some slightly weird directions.*
Makina: Hey, yer up fer some bread, right? Hold on just a sec, okay? I'll bake a loaf right now!
Narration: *Cheerfully adding "And by a sec, I mean it's gonna take an hour," Makina turns her back to me, then begins roughly chopping up the thoroughly degassed dough and rolling it into balls.*
Yuuji: Tell me something, Makina...
Makina: Hmmmm? Whatcha wanna know?
Yuuji: Last night... you talked with your mother over the telephone, right...?
Makina: ...Aaah... yep, that's right...
Yuuji: Are you not going to tell me the result?
Makina: ...It's not like I was tryin' to keep it secret or anything, ya know? She just said I didn't have ta come back if I didn't want to, that's all...  
Yuuji: You don't have to go back...? Is that really what she told you?
Makina: Guess she's just given up on me by this point. Y'know, they say rumors only last forty-nine days an' all, right? I betcha she just doesn't give a crap anymore.
Yuuji: Okay, for one thing, the saying is seventy-five days...
Makina: Oh, wassat it? Ahaha.
Narration: *Is this the time to be cackling like an idiot...?*
Narration: *Does she really think the problem's been resolved? That we can keep up this peaceful life?*
Narration: *The idea's ridiculous... If the situation was simple enough to settle with a quick chat over the phone, things never would've gotten this bad in the first place.*
Narration: *I'd love for this calm daily life to go on forever... but unfortunately, I've got a very strong premonition things are only going to get worse.*
Narration: *And for whatever reason, my instincts are regrettably reliable when it comes to things like this.*
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *The phone vibrating in my chest pocket is my "work" cell.*
Narration: *When I slowly retrieve it and calmly check the screen, a small LED indicates I have a new email. Fighting down the urge to click my tongue in frustration, I take a look at the subject line.*
Narration: *"From: CO To: 9029"*
Narration: *An official communication to agent number 9029 from his Case Officer.*
Narration: *In other words, a direct order from JB to me.*
Narration: *And as for the contents of the message itself―*
Narration: *"Present yourself at the Main Office. 1400 hours."*
Narration: *―It's two extremely blunt sentences conveying nothing but the when and where.*
Narration: *I check the watch on my left arm. The current time's 12:12. I heave a single heavy sigh, then snap my cell phone shut and get to my feet.*
Amane: Ah, Yuuji, good timing. I was just about to go find you myself.
Yuuji: Hm? What's up? Need something?
Amane: What're you talking about? It's lunchtime.
Yuuji: Oh... lunch, huh...
Amane: Hmm? What, are you going out or something?
Yuuji: Yeah, the boss over at my part-time job wants me to stop by the main office...
Amane: So what're you doing for lunch, then?
Yuuji: I'll just grab something from a convenience store or fast food place on the way.
Amane: You can't wait five minutes, even?
Narration: *I double-check my watch.*
Yuuji: ...Well, five minutes or so wouldn't be a problem.
Amane: Okay then, wait here. I'll make you a boxed lunch.
Yuuji: ...Uh, that's not really...
Amane: It'll just take a sec, okay?
Yuuji: Hey...
Narration: *Well, that woman being pushy isn't anything new. No use fighting it this late in the game... Might as well just wait obediently and save myself trouble later.*
Narration: *But five minutes later, Amane's not the one who shows up.*
Makina: Papa! You're goin' to work!?
Yuuji: Hm? Yeah, they called me in for a bit... Shouldn't take long, though.
Makina: Why'd they call you in? Did ya do somethin' bad or what?
Yuuji: ...Well, nothing really comes to mind... This happens all the time, though. Nothing to get worried about.
Makina: Really...? I don't want ya... doin' anything dangerous behind my back, okay?
Yuuji: It's fine. I said it's nothing to worry about, right?
Makina: ...Yeah...
Narration: *...That said, I was lying when I said nothing comes to mind. They've probably got something to say about that little shooting incident at the Mishima Cape police station...*
Makina: ...Mmkay then. Work hard out there, okay? Here's yer lunch...
Narration: *Apparently satisfied for the moment, the girl rustles around and pulls out a paper sack, then hands it to me.*
Yuuji: Hrm... thanks... What's inside?
Makina: M9I4... my newly developed super-saturated melon bun, model number four...
Yuuji: Super-saturated...?
Makina: Yeah, permy-ated with saturated steam... It's a new method of bakin' the buns, where ya trap lotsa moisture inside in the form of press-sure-eyezed water vapor. The outside's crisp an' crunchy, but inside it's moist an' sticky...
Yuuji: ...These things are pretty damn heavy...
Makina: Unlike yer normal buns, it's got a specific gravity of about 1.25... First melon bun in th' industry to sink in water, ya know? Th' elastic strength's 2.7 times higher, too, so it's got a nice satisfyin' response when you bite in.
Yuuji: Not sure if I really understand the details, but... sounds like quite the culinary experience...
Makina: The texture's kinda like those mochi cakes with th' air bubbles inside, so make sure to chew carefully before ya swallow or it might get stuck in yer windpipe.
Yuuji: Understood. All right, I'll be on my way...
Makina: Be careful, okay...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *...Well, hopefully I managed to convince her this isn't a big deal... but honestly, it's always a little depressing to get a "summons" like this.*
Narration: *Since JB's actually called me in to the office, instead of communicating through email or telephone, this is probably going to be a fairly serious discussion.*
Narration: *As a general rule, when an older woman gets an earnest look on her face and says "We need to talk," nothing good's going to come of it.*
Narration: *...The message from JB just specified the "Main Office" as our meeting place. Of course, she didn't mean the actual headquarters of our organization in America, but the "Japanese HQ" that's borrowing some space a little more locally.  *
Narration: *Getting to the building in question involves catching a civilian railway company train from Mishima Cape, transferring to Japan Railways in Shinagawa, then taking the subway from Yurakucho in Tokyo.*
Narration: *Arriving at the station platform with some time to spare, I settle down on a bench, then open the paper sack I received from Makina.*
Narration: *Inside, as promised, are a number of bright yellow pastries. They're typical melon buns by appearance, but when I pick one up it really is bizarrely heavy for its size.*
Narration: *Taking the bun in both hands, I open my mouth wide and take a big bite. It's almost like crunching into a cookie and a bagel at once... Certainly a novel melon bun experience. The girl might be onto something.*
Narration: *After completing my quick and sugary lunch, I endure the unpleasant train ride into the city, passing the time speculating about the reason I've been summoned.*
Narration: *I've been called to headquarters plenty of times before. The first was on the day I returned to Japan.*
Narration: *As an employee newly transferred from the United States, I offered a formal greeting to the chief of my new branch office, and filled out the paperwork to enroll in a training school where I'd learn how things were done in Japan.*
Narration: *My second summons to HQ came after I completed my basic studies, to arrange my transfer to a more advanced school for the second half of my training.*
Narration: *My third summons came when, unable to endure the starvation rations at the advanced training school, a few "classmates" and I cooked and ate some carp from the pond on "campus."*
Narration: *My fourth summons came when they wanted my expertise as SPP - Specialized Proficiency Personnel - testing out some newly developed equipment.*
Narration: *And after finishing my second round of training and being deployed into the field, I was called in several times a year to be given some "special jobs" that weren't recorded in the Japanese office's books.*
Narration: *In other words, when I'm called into HQ they're either angry with me or they have an annoying job to foist off on me.*
Narration: *Either way, it's nothing to look forward to.*
Narration: *After arriving at my stop on the 4 line, I climb up out of the subway, cross a bridge lined with cherry blossom trees, and take the fork at the police station toward Yasukuni Street. Within 5 minutes, our front gate comes into view.*
Narration: *There's a guard in a smart blue uniform standing at the main entrance. Despite appearances, he's just a rent-a-cop from a private security firm.*
Narration: *For what it's worth, there is a security station just inside staffed by actual company employees, but the tools hanging from their shoulders don't have any "filling" stuffed inside.*
Narration: *Always makes me wonder why they feel the need to bother lugging those heavy things around in the first place. Maybe it's a religious thing?*
Narration: *In any case, since most of the defense systems actually protecting headquarters are outsourced to a variety of civilian security companies, the guards standing around in the lobby are probably just for show.*
Narration: *Nestled in the corner of a structure with the romantic name of "C Building" is the office of my beloved superior, Harudera Yuria, a Section Chief in the Intelligence Division.*
Narration: *Not exactly a spacious room, but since JB transferred in as "foreign capital," it was a hard-won prize. This office is a symbol of her successful struggle for promotion from "Acting Section Chief" to a formal command.*
Narration: *A certain group of boorish individuals have been known to mock this room as a "Kennel" in reference to the work that goes on in here, but you'd need a pretty black sense of humor to laugh at that particular joke.*
Yuuji: Number 9029! Reporting in!
Narration: *Even as I offer the standard greeting, my eyes briefly find the room's built-in security camera and confirm that it's currently active.*
Narration: *At this characteristic bit of shrewdness on my part... maybe cowardice is the better word... JB gives a disdainful little snort and looks up at her clock.*
JB: Timely as always. Well, go ahead and take a seat.
Yuuji: ...Please excuse me...
JB: Want anything to drink?
Yuuji: I'd appreciate that, thank you.
Narration: *Even though I'm talking to JB, this is the company's "main office," and I'm addressing my superior. Can't exactly give her the usual routine. *
Narration: *I've always found that a little awkward, honestly. Probably one of the reasons I harbor a mild dislike for this room.*
Narration: *JB picks up the telephone on her desk, combs up a stray lock of shaggy blond hair, then presses the receiver to her left ear.*
JB: Chiara, two coffees, please. Yes, decaf for me.
Yuuji: ...Hmph... even got yourself a secretary now, eh? Cheeky girl...
JB: ...Did you say something?
Yuuji: No, nothing at all. Perhaps you're hearing things, ma'am?
JB: Aargh... you're making my skin crawl. When you use polite language with me, it just feels like mockery... Forget it, just talk normally.
Yuuji: That certainly works for me...
Chiara: Please excuse me.
Narration: *With a few crisp words, a woman in a white uniform who's presumably JB's personal assistant enters the room.*
Narration: *At a glance, she's maybe 24 years old. A good bit younger than JB.*
Narration: *Her hair's an unusual silvery shade of grey, neatly trimmed; her skin's dark, and her pink-painted lips are fairly thick. A good bit of African ancestry, but judging from the big bluish eyes behind her glasses, she's probably mixed-race.*
Narration: *Couldn't guess her nationality just to look at her. Guess you could call that a fairly representative trait for those in this particular posting.*
Chiara: ...Here you are.
Narration: *The personal assistant places the coffee cup on the table in front of me, her face blank and uninviting.*
Chiara: Uhm... are you nine-oh-two-nine?
Yuuji: ...Hm? Yeah, I've been working under that designation for the last few years...
Chiara: Would you mind letting me shake your hand...?
Narration: *The woman holds out her hand with a smile you'd almost think she learned from a textbook, but her eyes hold more than a bit of skepticism.*
Narration: *The number 9029 has a special significance within this organization. Understandable enough to feel a little dubious about the legendary agent in question being a brat like me.*
Chiara: Is it true that there's been more than one 9029? How many people had it before you?
JB: Thank you, Chiara. You may leave the room...
Chiara: Also, if you don't mind, maybe we could take a photo later...
JB: Chiara! Leave the room!
Chiara: Okaaay. All right then, see you around.
Narration: *The woman named Chiara winks a single eye shut behind her glasses and gives her lips a little smack as she leaves the office.*
Narration: *I hadn't been particularly conscious of it before, but a certain characteristic of the woman catches my eye as she saunters out the door. My honest thoughts escape my mouth.*
Yuuji: ...Your secretary's got a pretty big ass.
JB: ...What kind of an impression is that...? An attempt at sarcasm?
Yuuji: Not particularly. Just a straight-forward expression of my observations.
JB: That's sexual harassment, you know?
Yuuji: A superior using the words "sexual harassment" as a weapon to intimidate men is power harassment, my friend.
JB: You're never at a loss for words, are you...
Yuuji: You think? Back in the day, a certain blond used to complain about me "not even answering when spoken to." I guess people really can change...
Narration: *Ignoring JB's incensed glare with a composure born of long experience, I take the paper coffee cup by its cardboard sleeve and bring it to my mouth.*
Yuuji: Hrm... pretty good...
Narration: *Common joke that an officer's field orderly learns more about making coffee than anything else, but it seems there might be a bit of truth to it.*
JB: And tell me, why'd you come over in your school uniform, of all things...? We're willing to pay for some decent clothes, you know?
Yuuji: Too much of a pain to get changed, that's all.
Narration: *Just a polite fiction, of course. I'm not quite that lazy. But honestly speaking, even if they bought me some Gusace or Versucci or whatever, there's no way I'd be able to pull the look off.*
Narration: *For one thing, JB... last time they forced me into a suit to get an updated photo for our internal records, I seem to remember you shouting "Looks like someone's got a big date for the middle school prom! Hohohohoh"...  *
Yuuji: You didn't call me here to criticize my fashion sense, right? Can we get to the point? 
JB: Yes, yes. I don't need you to remind me...
Narration: *JB stalks over to the corner of her room, still sporting a sulky frown, to where a hefty little safe sits on the ground―*
Narration: *And squatting down in a way that affords me fleeting glimpses of her thighs through the hem of her skirt, she begins to spin the dial installed on the front of it.*
JB: ...Don't look over here, all right?
Yuuji: Not to worry... If I feel the need for a little eye-candy, I'll just take another look at that secretary's rear end before I head home.
JB: Okay, not what I was talking about! I'm telling you not to memorize the combination!
Yuuji: Not to worry, I'm not so starved for female company as to get hard over a hunk of metal.
JB: Not what I meant!! Argggh!! You're doing this on purpose, aren't you!?!
Yuuji: Right, right. Just a joke.
JB: Listening to your "jokes" is enough to throw off my menstrual cycle!
Yuuji: You'll save big on rubbers.
JB: Enough! Okay, here! Can you still screw around after seeing this?
Yuuji: ...Hrm?
Narration: *The envelope she thrusts violently before my eyes bears a red stamp reading "Fax / Copying Strictly Prohibited." When I open it, I find an official order document identified by a serial number.*
Narration: *The paper's specially coated. A standard fax or copy machine won't even pick up the characters; on top of which, after a certain period of time, the words will fade away to illegibility all on their own.*
Narration: *In other words, I can tell without even glancing at the details that this is an "Extra-Departmental Order." Perfectly official, but completely off our books. The sort of thing that absolutely can't come to light.*
Yuuji: ...Again, huh...
Narration: *This isn't the first time I've gotten orders like these. I've had several of these envelopes handed to me. And without fail, their contents have always been assassination missions.*
Narration: *High-ranking drug cartel bosses; corrupt politicians with dangerous political leanings... There's quite a difference in terms of social position and status, but...*
Narration: *Individuals or groups determined by the "collective will of the nation" to "pose a significant disadvantage" to its interests are quietly, secretly removed from the stage. The nail that stands out gets pounded down, as they say.*
Narration: *In an assassination of that sort, sniping is a fairly common method. Typically, several shooters are assigned the same task.*
Narration: *As with a firing squad, it's an attempt at easing the conscience by making it impossible to know who fired the killing shot... but... even so, murder is murder...*
Yuuji: Hey, JB... I can't kill people anymore... You know that, right...?
JB: Of course I do... After all, it's the reason you ended up on reserve duty...
Narration: *I've participated in several assassinations of this sort previously, but I'm fundamentally a coward... When it comes to taking human lives, I'll hesitate just as much as a normal person.*
Narration: *No matter what kind of evil, worthless scum I'm looking at through my scope, my finger freezes up for a moment when I try to pull the trigger. That's a fatal defect for a sniper.  *
Narration: *Even so, when my master was alive, I managed to kill without thinking too much.*
Narration: *When I told myself I was pulling the trigger in Asako's place... when I told myself that even a piece of garbage like me could be useful to Asako this way, I could fire without worrying about a thing.  *
Narration: *And when the job was over and I went home, Asako was there to embrace me and say "Well done." She was there to confirm that I'd done the right thing.*
Narration: *But Asako's gone.*
Narration: *The person who bore the curses of the dead in my place is gone now.*
Narration: *And she can't be replaced. Unless the words come from someone who's stained their hands with blood, they can't offer me the slightest comfort.*
Yuuji: ...JB... I'm sorry, but you're not good enough... You know that perfectly well yourself, don't you...?
Narration: *A sniper who can't pull the trigger is right up there with a radio that can't make a sound in the "irritating, useless junk" department. That's a good part of the reason I ended up on the reserve in the first place.*
Yuuji: ...Why would you even bother showing me this now...?
JB: I said I understand, didn't I? Calm down and look at the name of our mark...
Yuuji: ...What...?
Narration: *Target: "Irisu Makina"*
Yuuji: ...Hey... what is this...?
JB: It's exactly what it looks like. The target of this mission is a classmate attending your own school... "Irisu Makina"... 
Yuuji: ...You can't be serious! What the hell's going on!?
JB: Don't pry into the reasons. That's part of your job as well...
Yuuji: Why... would Makina be... Who's the client!?
JB: I don't know that myself, and there's certainly no need for you to know either... In the end, I'm only middle management, passing on instructions from the top to the pawns such as yourself...
JB: And you simply obey those orders... or am I wrong?
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *She's not wrong. That's exactly how it is.*
Narration: *...JB brought me this job knowing full well that I can't kill. Knowing about my relationship with Makina.*
Narration: *At this rate, the girl's definitely going to be erased one way or the other.*
Narration: *Is JB telling me I should be the one to do it? That if Makina has to die, dispatching her personally would be the kindest way...?*
Narration: *Or maybe this whole summons is nothing but a facade, and JB's sole objective was to tip me off to the threat to Makina's life in the form of an order?*
Narration: *Whatever the case, I can't keep my shock from showing on my face.*
Narration: *"...Why is this happening?"*
Narration: *Resisting the urge to grind my teeth, I lower my gaze to the document in my hand. The field where the issuer of the order would usually be named is blank, but nonetheless there are three stamps of authorization below.*
Yuuji: ...A tripartite order...?
Narration: *This sort of shady job usually comes with Akasaka's approval alone. But this time, we've got the full set.*
Narration: *In other words, this mission was undertaken on the mutual agreement of "Akasaka," "Ichigaya," and "Kasumigaseki." Definitely not something you see every day.*

Date: *August 19, 2011, 19:08 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *I guess JB was trying to paint as detailed a picture as possible. There's a fair amount of information that looks irrelevant at first glance, to the point where documents seem almost overly long―*
Narration: *But as I continue reading, I often find myself realizing that she's carefully foreshadowed critical events, providing background naturally bit-by-bit instead of dumping it on the reader all at once.*
Narration: *It's actually a pretty ingenious structure, and surprisingly readable considering the dense material.*
Narration: *Before I know it, I've spent several hours with my eyes glued to the pages, poring over the documents one after another. When the knock comes at my door, I'm surprised to find it's already past seven o'clock.*
Makina: Papa? Dinner's all ready, ya know? Ama-nee says to come to her room.
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I'll be right there.
Narration: *Quickly gathering up the stack of paper I've been leafing through, I stash it away deep inside my rucksack.*
Makina: Ah, Papa! So guess what? Today we're havin' sweet-an'-sour pork, ya know? But since you hate meat and all, we ditched the pigs and went with some nice chewy deep-fried potatoes. It's really friggin' good!  
Yuuji: ............
Makina: ...Hm? What's wrong? Not a sweet-an'-sour pork fan? There's no pineapple in there, ya know?
Yuuji: That's not it... It's just, well... nothing big...
Makina: ...???
Narration: *It's not as though there's really any need to hide the truth, but seeing the main character of the non-fiction novel I've just been reading appear before my eyes inspires a strong wave of guilt.  *
Narration: *Trying to disguise those feelings, I drop a hand on Makina's head with a firm thump.*
Makina: ...Woh? Whassup?
Yuuji: Your head's a little damp, kid. Just out of the bath or something?
Makina: Ah, yeah. There's a teevee show I wanna watch later, so I went in early today.
Yuuji: Hm? Oh right, today's Professor Dave day...
Makina: You betcha! Today Dave's gettin' bitten by a snake, ya know? Watch it with me, Papa! 
Yuuji: Sure... but let's eat first...
Narration: *My head feels unpleasantly heavy. Probably because I've been reading JB's documents all this time.*
Narration: *Not to say that I'm physically tired or unwell. It's pure psychological weight. Learning the details of this girl's past was a harsher burden than I'd expected.*
Makina: Okay dokay! Sorry ta keep you waitin'! Here's yer sweet-an'sour pork, hold the pork!
Yuuji: Hrm... looks pretty tasty...
Makina: I know, right? I put all my skills into these, ya know? G'wan, dig in!
Amane: Hey there, don't start smirking like you made this all by yourself. You just helped out a little here and there, remember? 
Makina: But, but, I'm th' one who made th' chewy fried potato dumplings, ya know!?
Amane: Sure, you kneaded the potatoes around and all, but... if anything, didn't you spend more time hovering around and popping them in your mouth every time I actually fried one?
Amane: I seem to remember making twelve pieces, but for some reason there's only eight left. Wonder how that happened?
Makina: Uuu... but they were really friggin' tasty...
Yuuji: Well, hardly a big deal, right?
Amane: There you go again, spoiling the girl rotten...
Yuuji: ...Guess you're right...
Narration: *Amane didn't really need to point that out. I'm perfectly aware that I'm being more than a little soft on Makina right now.*
Narration: *Sachi wasn't wrong the other day. This girl really does have a past that can change the way you see her.*
Narration: *Once you know the facts, it's impossible not to look at her with sympathy in your eyes. And knowing that your pity will only make the girl feel even more miserable, you end up trying not to look at all.*
Narration: *Makina probably kept the details of her past to herself precisely because she didn't want to deal with that sort of awkwardness in her relationships here.*
Narration: *Just looking into the face of a friend who's learned the truth would be painful.*
Narration: *However, it's now absolutely necessary that I understand Makina's past down to the smallest details.*
Narration: *And in turn, she needs to know what I've learned. That's just basic courtesy.*
Narration: *That said, how exactly am I supposed to bring something like that up...?*
Narration: *But soon enough, the girl's straight-forward personality solves that problem for me― *
Makina: ...Hey, Papa... what were you readin' all afternoon, anyway? 
Yuuji: Documents about your past.
Makina: ...My past?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right...
Makina: ...Well, guess I don't mind... not if it's you, Papa. I mean, heck, I woulda told you if ya just asked.
Yuuji: All right. I'll check with you if there's something I don't understand in there.
Makina: Uhm, hey... err... can I ask ya one question?
Yuuji: What is it?
Makina: Issat why you've been weirdly nice to me lately?
Yuuji: No, I think that's just a result of me sleeping with you. Men always treat women "weirdly nice" after they've made love for the first time.
Makina: No kidding? Okay then, it's all good!
Yuuji: Seriously...?
Makina: So hey, if I let ya sleep with me again, will you get even nicer?
Yuuji: I think not. If I spoil you any more than this, you'll go completely rotten in no time.
Makina: Tch. Lame, man...
Yuuji: "Tch" yourself, kid. Anyway, wasn't there something you wanted to watch on television? 
Makina: Woh! Indeed! Gotta watch my Dave!!
Makina: Mmkay then Papa, lemme use yer lap as a pillow!
Yuuji: ...What? You want to watch lying down?
Makina: Surely yer willin' to spoil me that much, right?
Yuuji: Proper posture's important when you're watching television. And you're just going to fall asleep if you lie down, aren't you...?
Makina: Come, come, let's not sweat th' small stuff, okay? Yeah? Here we go!
Yuuji: ...Guh...
Narration: *Encamping on the sofa next to me with the confident pushiness of a girl disinclined to take no for an answer, Makina drops her head casually onto my lap, then flips on the TV with the remote in her hand.  *
Narration: *I do feel like I might be getting a little too soft on the girl at this point, but... I can't really bring myself to object too strongly. Probably more evidence of the effect reading those documents had on me.*
Professor　Dave: Professor Dave's Amazing Animals! Hey there, kids! Everybody doing well? Your weekly dose of Amazing Animals is coming right up!
Professor　Dave: As promised, today's show is a special on the slithery snake!
Narration: *Dave, clad in his usual "rough" attire, makes his way down a richly verdant rural road with a giant smile on his face.*
Professor　Dave: Have you all heard of the "hundred pacer" snake? One bite from that guy, and they say you're dead within 100 steps! A very fearsome snake!
Professor　Dave: But today I'm here in Vietnam, home to a reptile known locally as the "two-step snake!" As you might guess from the name, its potent venom supposedly kills within just two strides!
Professor　Dave: Today, let's get to know that snake!
Narration: *The screen abruptly changes to an insert video that seems to have been shot separately. Stock footage, maybe?*
Narration: *As a clip of the "two-step snake" spitting venom toward the camera lens plays, a voiceover explains that the animal's poison encourages uncontrollable bleeding, playing up its fearsome lethality.*
Professor　Dave: ...How's that? Pretty scary stuff, right? The venom itself might not be that strong, but what makes the two-step snake so terrifying is the huge amount it can pump into you at once!  
Professor　Dave: All right then! Today I'm visiting a snake farm! They're raising 2000 snakes of 80 different species in here!
Narration: *As Dave points ahead with a triumphant grin, the camera turns to find local staff from the snake farm casually releasing a sizable serpent, then giving it a few pokes with a frayed bamboo stick. The animal seems none too pleased.  *
Professor　Dave: And this here is the "two-step snake" himself! What d'you think of that!? Pretty terrifying, right!? Looks like he's already pretty agitated! Okaaay, let's get right to it! Time to get bitten!
Narration: *...Why does this guy always seem to enjoy the "getting bitten" part so much...? More importantly, didn't he just say the venom can kill you in seconds flat? I'm not following the logical progression here...*
Professor　Dave: Owwwch!!
Narration: *Grabbing the shin of his right leg where the animal bit him, Dave rolls around on the ground in exaggerated fashion.*
Professor　Dave: Oh, that hurts!! That hurts like craaazy!! This is bad!! This guy's the real deal!! 
Narration: *As opposed to what, an impostor...? Of course it's going to hurt if you let the thing bite you... *
Narration: *What's with this show, anyway? Sometimes I feel like it's less of an animal documentary and more of an entertainment show for bloodthirsty children to cackle at Dave's reactions... *
Narration: *The local staff members quickly administer anti-venom, but Dave's leg grows bright violet nonetheless. With minutes, it's swollen up to several times its normal thickness. This certainly does look pretty damn "bad."*
Yuuji: ...I mean, seriously... shouldn't somebody stop Dave for his own good...? 
Narration: *I can't help voicing my thoughts out loud, but Makina doesn't react.*
Yuuji: ...Hm? Makina...?
Narration: *The girl's eyes are shut. Her soft, regular breathing suggests she's fallen asleep in my lap. No wonder she's been strangely quiet lately...*
Yuuji: ...I told you so, kid...
Narration: *I briefly consider shaking her shoulder to wake her up, but even if I succeeded it would probably be a short-lived victory.*
Narration: *Fortunately, the DVR under our television seems to be saving the program.*
Narration: *Guess the girl had Sachi set it up to automatically start recording this time every week.*
Makina: ...Fnyah... fmmn... nyu...
Narration: *Makina's mouth flops loosely open and closed, emitting meaningless babble that doesn't even rise to the level of sleep-talking. Honestly, it's pretty cute in a way. Guess it couldn't hurt to let her sleep a little longer.*
Yuuji: ...It'll probably get annoying if Michiru happens to wander by, but...
Narration: *If I was worried about my dignity or whatever, it'd be easy enough just to lower the girl's head off my lap. Maybe even carry her up to her room. That's probably the least problematic choice here.*
Narration: *Still, I choose not to do so. Mostly because the weight and warmth of Makina's body feels surprisingly pleasant.*
Narration: *I don't really understand why I've come to feel this way about her.*
Narration: *But then again, my master didn't understand the reason she took me in until the day she died...*
Yuuji: ...Come to think of it...
Narration: *I'm not sure exactly when, but... there was a time I asked Amane why she was going out of her way to look after an aggravating little pest like Makina.*
Amane: ...Uh, that's kind of a hard question, actually...
Yuuji: There had to be some reason you started, right?
Amane: A reason...? A reason, huh... Well, I guess y'could say there was, sort of?
Amane: ...I mentioned how Makina falls asleep when she goes into the bath by herself, right?
Yuuji: Yeah, I remember you saying that...
Amane: Well, we found that out the hard way. Not long after she transferred into this school, the girl nodded off in there and ended up nearly drowning. So I started to go in with her, but...
Amane: When I started taking baths with Makina, I noticed something that surprised me a little...
Yuuji: Like what...?
Amane: The girl had this totally weird way of wringing out her towel. Like, she'd just roll it up into this little ball, then squeeze it really hard between her hands.
Amane: Normally, you just fold a bath towel over twice and then twist it to get the water out, right? The girl didn't know to do that.
Amane: When I saw that, I started thinking... What kind of a life has this girl been living up until now? Didn't she have anyone to teach her this before? That sort of thing―
Amane: And I guess I got this idea in my head that teaching her that stuff might be my job now...
Amane: That's when I started looking after Makina, I think. So I guess it'd be the spark, if anything was.
Yuuji: That small a thing...?
Amane: I mean, I'm not saying that's all it was. A bunch of little things like that sort of piled up before I knew it...
Amane: Ah, but it's not like I backed into the job reluctantly, you know? It wasn't just inertia.
Amane: I mean, sure, I did kinda think Makina was a pain in the butt at first... but I kept spending all this time with her, piling up all those normal, small, everyday moments... And one day, it just came to me.
Amane: "Oh, I get it. I love this kid."
Amane: Well, Makina and I are both girls, so I don't think it's a romantic feeling or anything... but it's true. One day, completely out of the blue, I realized that I really cared about her...
Amane: And once I admitted that to myself, everything got nice and simple, you know? Didn't have to wonder about why I was bothering to do all this stuff for her.
Yuuji: ...I see...
Amane: Falling in love without even realizing it isn't rare at all. Might as well just admit it, Yuuji... You've already fallen for me, yes? Teheheh.
Yuuji: ...Okay, now you've lost me. And spare me the "teheheh," woman...
Narration: *You can fall in love with someone without even realizing it.*
Narration: *Until you notice the simple truth, it's impossible to come to terms with your own emotions.*
Narration: *The question "Is this really how it should be?" rolls around in your head over and over.*
Narration: *But by now, I've found my answer.*
Makina: ............
Narration: *Looking down at the girl quietly sleeping on my lap, I find myself once again recalling the documents I spent the afternoon reading.*
Narration: *The house Makina was born into, the Irisu clan, is built on a long and unbroken tradition of corruption and avarice. A fat parasitic cancer on the body politic with roots reaching down to the bone.*
Narration: *Just among the papers I looked over today, there were credible references to embezzlement, fraudulent budget inflation, and insider trading related to government projects. And that's clearly just scratching the surface.*
Narration: *Among the leaders of this clan, Irisu Masataka was the one and only individual of genuine integrity.*
Narration: *The man married into the family, so he'd been kept outside the loop at first. But after Makina's birth, he brushed against the darkness at the core of the Irisu, and realized he'd been integrated into a profoundly evil machine.*
Narration: *Uncomfortable with the clan's amoral dealings, Mr. Masataka tried incredibly hard to move the Irisu onto a straighter path, motivated in no small part by concern for his new-born daughter...*
Narration: *But in the end, his actions were nothing more than the nibbling of an ant at the foot of an elephant, producing no results other than his complete isolation within the family.*
Narration: *And when Mr. Masataka laid hands on proof of the Irisu's secrets and crimes, the family severed him from itself like a lizard shedding its tail.*
Narration: *It was an elaborately planned assassination, using his love for Makina against him. You might say the girl was his Achilles' heel. *
Narration: *Makina was abducted in a sham kidnapping planned by her own relatives, used as bait to lure out her father.*
Narration: *Mr. Masataka swallowed their deception hook, line, and sinker. He went to negotiate with the kidnappers, bearing a 120 million yen ransom, and was murdered before his daughter's eyes.*
Narration: *He was an honest and timid man by nature. Just as the criminals had demanded, he went to the meeting without telling anyone of the situation. And he died for that mistake.*
Narration: *Up until that point, everything went off exactly according to the Irisu leadership's plan. Their one and only slip-up was leaving the execution of the kidnapping to men from the "branch family."*
Narration: *The branch family had been entrusted with cleaning up the main house's messes ever since their incorporation into the Irisu. The leadership pushed this job onto them without a second thought, a decision that complicated matters.*
Narration: *Estimating that their faction could gain dramatically if the main family's successor candidate was to disappear along with her father, the kidnappers took a gamble and left Makina in the warehouse when they escaped.*
Narration: *The girl spent a week tied to a pillar next to her father's corpse before she was finally discovered.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, these events took place in the summer. The body began to putrefy quickly, and she had no choice but to watch.*
Narration: *...Corpses left exposed to sunlight in the summer begin to change quickly.*
Narration: *The body bulges and swells. Soon, it's impossible to tell where the eyes or nose once were. The mouth falls slightly open; the gasses gathering inside escape in belching gurgles.*
Narration: *It's not a sight anyone can bear for long.*
Narration: *Makina was forced to watch as her father's body transformed completely over the course of six long days. The experience left its mark on her. For years after the kidnapping, she suffered from acute aphasia.*
Narration: *Traumatic stress gave rise to chronic brainstem malfunction. Symptoms included violent nausea, vertigo, trembling of the limbs, dyspnea... even memory loss and mutism.*
Narration: *The doctors recorded specific examples. Sudden loud sounds would prompt their patient to scream with terror, sometimes losing consciousness. Left alone in the dark for any length of time, she would experience difficulty breathing.*
Narration: *In an attempt to suppress her physical symptoms, Makina was kept on a cocktail of antihistamines and histaglobin, with corticosteroids administered about once a week―*
Narration: *A conservative course of treatment that would continue for six long years as the girl "concentrated on her recovery," shut up in a hospital under the control of the branch family.*
Yuuji: ...You went through a hell of a lot, kid...
Narration: *As I mutter the words, my eyes return to the girl sleeping on my lap. There are tears running down her face.*
Yuuji: ...Makina...
Narration: *What kind of a dream is she seeing right now...?*
Narration: *No matter how harsh the reality, surely it's not too much to hope the girl might find some happiness when she falls asleep...*
Narration: *―This is a dream.*
Narration: *A dream I've seen many, many times. A dream that brings nothing but pain and sadness.*
Kidnapper　A: Hey there. Thanks for stopping by, Irisu Masataka-san. You did listen to what I told you on the phone, right? Didn't tell anyone where you were going? Hm?
Masataka: ...Of course. I didn't say a word to my wife, let alone the police. More importantly, where's my daughter!? Please, give Makina back! I've brought the money, just as you said!
Kidnapper　A: Well, let's not get all flustered here. Your daughter's right over there. Might have a few scrapes on her cheeks and knees, but other than that she's fine.
Kidnapper　A: Matter of fact, we just ordered a pizza a little while ago. Figured we shouldn't let her go hungry or anything. Feel free to have a few slices yourself.
Masataka: ...Makina!!
Makina: Papa...! Papa!!
Kidnapper　A: Whoops, slooooow down there, Masataka-san. We need to get a look at that money first, you know? We're on the job here ourselves... Oh, but don't worry about the pizza, I'll cover that out of my pocket.
Kidnapper　A: More importantly, did y'bring us what we asked for? Two million in used small bills?
Masataka: There are two suitcases in there... It's all the money I'm capable of moving freely. Do whatever you want with it...
Kidnapper　A: Yeah? Right then, guess we'll just take a look at that. Hey, check the money.
Kidnapper　B: ...Yessir...
Masataka: Makina! Are you all right!? Any injuries...!?
Kidnapper　A: Look, I'm telling you to hold your horses, okay? Pretty damn hasty, aren't you? Just sit back and relax till we're done counting the money. Want a drink or something? I mean, we've only got beer and diet cola, but hey...
Kidnapper　B: ...Boss!!
Kidnapper　A: Gah!! Christ! Don't scream in my ear! Look, y'made me spill my beer!
Kidnapper　B: ...Boss... There just isn't enough money in here...
Kidnapper　A: The hellll? Why not? How much we got in there?
Kidnapper　B: Rough guess, maybe 120 G's... and then a bunch of weird slips of paper, or something...
Kidnapper　A: Slips of paper... Tch... Okay, uh, what's going on here, Masataka-san? I'd really appreciate a satisfactory explanation. Like, right now...
Masataka: ...You people only called me last night, you know...? I explained several times over the phone that I couldn't possibly prepare that kind of money on such short notice...
Kidnapper　A: Aah, well, yeah... Sure, I know I was asking the unreasonable there. But I asked you to find a way to make it happen, didn't I?
Kidnapper　A: ...And I seem to remember you saying you'd manage something, right?
Kidnapper　A: But now you waltz in here with, what? 120 grand? Is that all your daughter's worth to you? The most we could give you back for this is a single arm...  
Masataka: ...H-Hold on! I brought you 1.5 million in bonds!
Kidnapper　A: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Are you for real, Masataka-san? I said we wanted cash. And instead you bring bonds? Bonds!?
Kidnapper　A: Is this some kind of a joke? How am I suppose to turn this crap into money? If we try selling these things off, your investment advisers aren't exactly gonna keep their mouths shut, are they?
Masataka: Don't worry, they're unregistered bonds. Completely anonymous. It's much safer than a check.
Kidnapper　A: That's really not the problem here... You just don't get it, do you?
Kidnapper　A: When you hand us something like that, first we have to look into whether they're even real, then make sure they're valid. That's exactly the sort of time-consuming bullshit we'd like to avoid...
Kidnapper　A: Look, d'you understand what I'm telling you? I didn't want to admit it, but we're a pair of country hicks. Okay?
Kidnapper　A: You're acting like one of those idiots who pulls into a drive-through in some backwoods road in Texas, whips out a gold card, and says "Credit okay?" You know? Am I right?
Masataka: But... this really is the best I can do...
Kidnapper　A: I don't want to hear your goddamn excuses, buddy! We're not playing around here! How much money d'you think we blew kidnapping this kid, huh!? Aah, shit! Now I'm just pissed off!!
Kidnapper　B: ...Boss... take a look at that...
Kidnapper　A: Hunh!? What about the damn TV!?
Kidnapper　B: Aren't those people they're showing right now from the Irisu family...?
Kidnapper　A: Aah? Ah... haaah... Hahahahaha! Dad and his daughter are going through hell out here, but the rest of the family's having a nice evening at some classical concert? Lifestyles of the rich and fuckin' famous, I swear...
Kidnapper　A: ...Masataka-san, looks like you really didn't say a word to your wife, huh? I really like that stupidly honest personality of yours, my friend.
Kidnapper　A: Figured with a nice trustworthy guy like you, this job'd go nice and easy. No muss an' fuss, y'know?
Kidnapper　A: But instead you go and bring us 120 puny grand and some scraps of paper... Talk about a fuckin' letdown... This shit isn't even worth discussing, right? Well?
Masataka: ...No, this... can't be...
Kidnapper　A: That's my line, buddy. Are you even listening to me here?
Kidnapper　A: Hm? What? Wait a second... The people on that screen are your family, right? Gramps, Gramma, and your wife...
Kidnapper　A: Well, so far so good, yeah? But who's this man walking next to your wife, and the little girl holding their hands...?
Masataka: ...This can't... This can't be real...
Kidnapper　A: What? Aah... I see, is that how it is? You've been abandoned, right? And those two are the substitutes? Aah, now it makes sense... You and your little girl there just got eighty-sixed, huh? Brings a tear to my eye...
Masataka: ...This can't be...
Kidnapper　A: ...Well, I think you've got an idea yourself of the reason why, don't you? Ruffled a few too many feathers with that guilty conscience of yours... Pushed back a little too hard against the Irisu way of doing business...
Kidnapper　A: Basically... from the clan's point of view, a pig-headed boy scout like you was a nasty little pimple just begging to get popped...
Masataka: ...Stop it... Don't talk about this in front of the child...!
Kidnapper　A: C'mon, no big deal, right? Since it's come to this, how about y'just let me have that "evidence of corruption" you've supposedly got your hands on?
Kidnapper　A: That way, I'll be able to get a little extra scratch from the Irisu to make up for this half-assed excuse for a ransom, yeah...?
Masataka: Was that... what you were after from the start!?
Kidnapper　A: Well, I gotta admit we did consider it beforehand. But if you'd given us the money we asked for, it wouldn'ta been necessary, y'know?
Kidnapper　A: How about it? Wanna hand over that "evidence" or whatever to me?
Masataka: ............
Kidnapper　A: The hell've you got to brood about, huh? That cold-hearted excuse for a family just abandoned you and your girl, and now they're all enjoying themselves at a concert, for chrissakes. You don't owe them a damn thing.
Kidnapper　A: Look, buddy, you've been tossed away like a flea-bitten mutt. Doesn't that make you mad?
Masataka: ...Of course I'm upset, but... repaying evil with evil would only create a vicious circle of hatred and cruelty... What would playing their game accomplish!?
Kidnapper　A: ...Very admirable... Honestly, I'm amazed a noble soul like you managed to stick around in the Irisu as long as y'did...
Masataka: Say whatever you want... In any case, I've given you all the money I can, and now I want my daughter back...!
Kidnapper　A: ...Figures... Yeah, I guess it figures. Knowin' you, I sorta guessed you'd say that...
Kidnapper　A: Well, in other words... when you couldn't come up with the money, I s'ppose your fate was pretty much sealed...
Makina: Papa! Look out! Behind y...!!
Masataka: ...!!?
Makina: Noooooooo!! Papaaaaa!!!
Masataka: ...Guh... Gahah!!
Kidnapper　A: ...Such an idiot... Really now, you're a true idiot... A completely hopeless idiot...
Makina: ...Papa! Papaaaaaaaaa!!!
Kidnapper　A: This little lady, Irisu Makina, has a sister of the same age. So, y'know, your family isn't hard up for replacements...
Kidnapper　A: Wasn't any reason to pay some ridiculously high ransom for the kid. Hell, some people might've been better off without her around.
Kidnapper　A: ...Listen, Masataka-san... it's not like I'm doing this because I enjoy it, you know?
Kidnapper　A: If anything, I'm damn upset it turned out this way. Pulling the trigger like this makes me sick to my goddamn stomach... This right here is a truly shitty job...
Kidnapper　A: But you can't just go pushing all the unpleasant work onto your subordinates, right...? So I'm stepping up and taking care of things with my own hands... But I've got to say, you're one sorry excuse for a father!
Kidnapper　A: Listen up, okay? Hard as it might be to believe, I was actually more or less playing it fair here...
Kidnapper　A: If you'd showed up with the two million we asked for, and paid the damn ransom in full, we'd have taken the money, said "Much appreciated," and left this place smiling!
Kidnapper　A: Maybe dropped into some nice little bar with a charming lady behind the counter! Had ourselves a modest little celebration, you know?
Kidnapper　A: ...But what do we get instead? You only managed to scrape together 120 grand for your cute little daughter!? Not nearly good enough!!
Kidnapper　A: On top of it all, when I try to compromise for that evidence of yours, you actually turn me down? What the hell d'you expect me to do, Masataka-san!?!
Kidnapper　A: What kind of a father are you!? If you love your daughter enough to walk in here like an idiot, then get the damn money even if you have to steal and cheat and lie! This is just pathetic! I'm so miserable I think I'm gonna cry!!
Kidnapper　A: Aah... shit... I'm outta bullets! Hey, more bullets!
Kidnapper　B: Boss... I think we should just...
Kidnapper　A: Whaaat!? You sayin' something!? I can't hear so good thanks to the gun! Speak up a little, numbnuts!!
Kidnapper　B: Boss!! Let's just leave it at that!! We should really get moving!!
Kidnapper　A: Gah!! Idiot! Don't fuckin' scream!!
Masataka: Uu... uuugh... Maki...na...
Kidnapper　A: Wait, wait, wait, wait, hold on a second here, are you serious...? Masataka-san, you're still alive? What the hell, is this guy immortal or something...?
Kidnapper　B: ...Maybe it's just because you can't aim, boss...
Kidnapper　A: Whaaat!? Didn't quite catch that! If you've got something to say, then spit it out!!
Kidnapper　B: It's nothing, sir!
Kidnapper　A: Yeah, that's what I thought!! ...Well, whatever... He'll croak all on his own soon enough anyway... All right, let's get back. *Sniff*... Haah... shit, my head's fuckin' killing me...
Kidnapper　B: Hey, boss... what should we do about the kid...?
Kidnapper　A: ...Oh? Ah, right... don't really have a reason to keep her alive anymore...
Kidnapper　A: ...Ah... tch... no fuckin' bullets left... Guess we could strangle her to death?
Kidnapper　B: But boss, we're already cutting it a little close here...
Kidnapper　A: Hah? Close...? Close to what?
Kidnapper　B: Our plane's leaving soon...
Kidnapper　A: Oh, right... Well, whatever, forget it... Pain in the ass, anyway... Let's go, just leave the kid. Not like she saw our faces anyway...
Narration: *―Yes, this is a dream.*
Narration: *A choking, agonizing dream. The sort of dream you spend constantly wishing you could wake up from.*
Makina: Papa? ...Papa, are you okay? You're bleeding... a whole lot...
Masataka: ...Makina... what about you? Are you... injured? Does it hurt anywhere...?
Makina: I'm fine... but what about you, Papa? Does it hurt?
Masataka: No, I'm fine too... It doesn't hurt at all...
Makina: That's a lie... I mean, Papa... you're bleeding... You're bleeding so much...
Masataka: No, it's true... It doesn't hurt at all... even though I'm bleeding so much... Mysterious, isn't it...? I'm not in any pain...
Makina: I'm sorry, Papa... You got hurt because you were protecting me, right?
Masataka: Don't worry about it... That's the way it's supposed to be. You didn't do anything wrong...
Makina: But...
Masataka: ...I'm sorry, Makina.
Makina: Papa... why are you apologizing...?
Masataka: If you hadn't been born as my daughter... you never would've had to go through this... I really am sorry.
Makina: Don't apologize, Papa... It's weird. Why would you say sorry for something like that...?
Masataka: I want to untie those ropes and get you free, but... I can't move my fingers that well...
Makina: Papa...?
Masataka: I'm sorry...
Makina: Papa... what's wrong?
Masataka: Makina... would you mind... talking to me about something? I want to hear your voice...
Makina: You want me to talk...? About what?
Masataka: Anything's fine... A funny story would be nice right about now...
Makina: Uhm, this is kinda sudden... I can't really think of anything...
Masataka: Ahaha... that's right... I guess it's the man's job... to break the ice... hahah...
Makina: Papa... you're laughing?
Masataka: Yes, that's right.
Makina: Why...? Doesn't it hurt?
Masataka: I said... I'm fine, didn't I? It doesn't hurt at all... I can't feel a thing. Look, I'm smiling, aren't I?
Makina: Yeah... you're smiling... so you must be okay, right?
Masataka: ...Of course. Have I ever lied to you?
Makina: C'mon, you lie to me all the time. You promised we'd celebrate my birthday together this year, but you got so busy at work you didn't even come home...
Masataka: Ahaha... I see... Is that right? Haha... ahahahaha...
Makina: Geez... what's so funny?
Masataka: Well, you see... I want you to remember my smile...
Makina: Yeah... I love your smile, Papa...
Masataka: I see... Thank you, Makina...
Makina: ...Papa?
Masataka: ...Ahaha... sorry, kiddo... truth is, I've been really swamped at work lately... Didn't get much sleep last night...
Makina: Papa... you're sleepy...?
Masataka: ...Yeah... sorry about that...
Makina: Well, it's not your fault, right? Gotta do your job.
Masataka: ...I'm sorry...
Makina: I mean, you're working for Mom and me, so... it's okay, Papa. Have a good nap.
Masataka: ............
Makina: But I'm gonna wake you up in an hour. Okay, Papa?
Masataka: .........
Makina: Papa...?
Narration: *―I called out to him many times.*
Narration: *But... Papa didn't open his eyes.*
Narration: *He'd fallen into a deep sleep.*
Narration: *―In time, morning came and the area grew bright, but Papa didn't wake up.*
Narration: *I... called out to him many, many times.*
Narration: *―In time, the sun fell and night came.*
Narration: *But even then, Papa didn't open his eyes.*
Narration: *And morning came again...*
Narration: *And then another night...*
Narration: *At some point, Papa's body started to smell really bad...*
Narration: *I mean, it was summer, so... so... Papa was starting to rot...*
Narration: *And the bugs... There were... lots and lots of bugs... Enough to make you wonder... where they all came from...*
Narration: *Papa swelled up like a big pale balloon... and the flies just kept coming back no matter how many times I shooed them away... He started to look like a rice ball covered in black sesame seeds...*
Makina: ...Hey, Papa... did you die...? You said... you were fine, didn't you...?
Narration: *Papa... tricked me again...*
Narration: *He said he was just fine, but... he died.*
Narration: *Hey, can you believe that? Who'd tell a lie like that? Unbelievable.*
Narration: *I couldn't believe it...*
Narration: *And so I talked to Papa... many, many times.*
Narration: *Papa... was supposed to buy me a puppy for my birthday.*
Narration: *He promised we'd go to the beach together once he got some time off from work this summer.*
Narration: *He promised we'd play with fireworks together at night.*
Narration: *Papa said... he'd always dreamed about teaching his child to ride a bike.*
Narration: *I'd been looking forward to that for so long...*
Narration: *So I kept talking to Papa... on and on...*
Narration: *But... eventually, I ran out of words... I said everything there was to say.*
Narration: *So I just looked quietly down at Papa's corpse...*
Narration: *I'd already talked enough for a lifetime... It didn't feel like there was any need to keep going.*
Narration: *So I spoke one final sentence, deciding it would be my last.*
Narration: *...Papa... you liar...*
Narration: *―I don't know if the words Makina just spoke were directed at me or her real father.*
Narration: *But either way, they startle me, conscious as I am of hiding things from her.*
Narration: *Watching the girl sniffle miserably in my lap, I can feel my own mood sinking. It's not like me to get pulled along by the emotions of others.*
Narration: *"Have I gotten weaker...?"*
Narration: *The thought's unpleasant. Disturbing, even. It's like I've bitten into something and felt my teeth rattle loosely in my skull.*
Narration: *The animal variety show on the television, having reached the serious second half of the program, begins to broadcast the story of a wolf raising its children.*
Professor　Dave: Even among the many species of the animal kingdom, the creatures known as wolves stand out for their strong devotion to family...
Narration: *Wounded and bloodied, the wolf on the screen fights to protect its children.*
Narration: *No matter how many times it's knocked down, the animal keeps standing up again.*
Narration: *"I see... Weaker... isn't the right word, is it...?"*
Makina: ...Papa...
Narration: *Makina reaches out reflexively, as if requesting help. I take her hand and squeeze it firmly.*
Yuuji: I'm right here, Makina...
Narration: *When we're like this, I can almost fool myself into believing I've become a good person. It's embarrassing to discover I'm still capable of these sorts of feelings, but it also brings me something close to happiness.*
Narration: *At the same time, there's an undercurrent of unease. The same old doubts. Is it really all right for me to touch this girl with my soiled hand?*
Narration: *But I've made up my mind. If this girl reaches out for help, I'll take her hand. I'll hold on as long as I can.*
Narration: *And if I should falter, I'll let go and fall alone.*
Narration: *Makina's hand, grasped tightly in mine, feels a little lighter than it did before.*

Date: *August 20, 2011, 06:42 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―I haven't spent much time in any halfway-normal schools, so I can't really call myself an authority on the subject, but... the thing called "homework" is truly a pain in the ass.*
Narration: *Even when exams are approaching and you know you have to buckle down, you'll find yourself making more progress on cleaning your room than reading your textbooks, reflexively seeking out any possible distraction from reality.*
Narration: *Some people handle it better than others, but in general, nobody's at their best when forced to confront something troublesome. Just facing up to an arduous pile of problems requires some real willpower.*
Narration: *At present, Makina's the homework I need to confront. And due to the truly enormous scope of the problem, using youthful energy to force my way to a solution hasn't gone so smoothly. There's been a lot of unproductive agonizing going on.*
Narration: *Of course, considering the imminent danger, it's clear that taking immediate action would be best.*
Narration: *If I've got the time to procrastinate using my daily running routine as a pretext, it'd probably be better spent charging into the Irisu home with a dagger in my hand and at least trying to do my duty.*
Narration: *However, we're dealing with a conglomerate strongly tied to the nation itself. No matter how fiercely a single mutt barks and snarls outside the gate, they're not exactly going to shake in their shoes―*
Narration: *And even if, by some chance, the world were to tilt in an unexpected direction, how could we hope to compensate society for the resulting damage...? No matter how hard I think, the answers don't come.*
Narration: *It's easy enough to boast that you'll stick to your guns no matter who tries to push you around, but the simple fact is that "fighting the power" almost never ends badly for the "power" in question.*
Narration: *Hell, if one individual's stubborn resistance were enough to frustrate those entrusted with authority, the "way of the world" would change fundamentally. And not necessarily for the better...*
Narration: *In the end, I'm not much more than the country's pet dog, and the Irisu bear exceptional influence with my master. I can't even bear my fangs against them.*
Narration: *But here's what it comes down to: I want to keep Makina safe even if it costs me my life.*
Narration: *I don't give a damn about the national interest. On a very simple, very personal level, Irisu Makina is my first and absolute priority.*
Yuuji: ...I love you, Makina... more than anyone else in the world...
Makina: ...W-Where'd that come from alluva sudden...?
Yuuji: I'm affirming my own feelings, that's all. The fact that I love you. That you're the one thing I should prioritize above all else―  
Yuuji: I was just speaking those thoughts out loud to see if they rang true...
Makina: Oooh! And what were th' results?
Yuuji: ...In terms of my personal feelings, there's nothing wrong with those words... Makina, you're definitely the most important thing in the world to me...
Yuuji: However... as a wise man once said, "There's no woman in the world more troublesome than your mother"...
Yuuji: ...It's a little hard to say this to her own daughter, but I don't think it's possible to phrase this both gently and accurately. I'm going to be frank here. Your mom's a sociopathic bitch...  
Yuuji: And despite this long, convoluted attempt at an excuse, when you get right down to it I'm afraid of her...
Makina: ...Well, that's... Yeah. Probably not somethin' her own daughter should be sayin', but... my mom's basically a nasty little kid who never grew up... I can definitely understand bein' scared of her, ya know...?
Yuuji: To be honest, I don't have the strength to confront your family head-on.
Yuuji: Given that, there are only two possibilities. We can run and hide... or we can try to hold out and find a way to endure their one-sided abuse...  
Yuuji: To be honest, I can't bring myself to make that call. What do you want me to do...? No... please, tell me what I should do, Makina...  
Makina: I get where you're comin' from, but... I can't just tell you to do somethin' that's gonna screw up your whole life fer my convenience...
Yuuji: ...I see... Yeah, guess that makes sense...
Yuuji: All right. In that case, let's get a third opinion. We can pretend like they're the ones who pushed us into this, then do whatever we want while blaming it on them. How's that sound?
Makina: Ooh! An extremely Japanese way of passin' the buck!! That's what I'm talkin' about!! Let's go with that!! You're hella smart, Papa!! 
Narration: *No matter how skilled a soldier you may be, when you're unsure of the next move, don't try to muddle through it alone. Consult your superior officer.*
Narration: *Battles are won and lost on the "big-picture" level of strategy. No one man on the ground can see the whole board. Blundering ahead blindly, guided only by emotions or values, is the kind of criminal stupidity that invites disaster.*
Narration: *When I was very young, the person who looked down on the board from above was always my sister. If I did as she told me, I could at least avoid the worst-case scenario no matter what the situation.*
Narration: *After my sister's death, the next person to watch the "big picture" for me was my master.*
Narration: *But Asako's advice tended to be a little heavy on the brute-force approach, sometimes to the point of excess. JB was an indispensable counter-weight, leaning heavily in the opposite direction.*
Narration: *Asako loved the high-risk, high-return play.*
Narration: *JB strongly favored low-risk, low-return.*
Narration: *Raised under their mutual guidance, I naturally began to weigh their opinions against each other, searching for the answer that felt correct for me.*
Narration: *But today, Asako's no longer around to offer one of those staggeringly drastic plans that always left you wondering if she'd even thought about the consequences.*
Narration: *Even if I could consult with JB about this, she'd without a doubt recommend looking for a way to maintain the status quo. But that's nothing more than the passive opinion of a woman focused on the way the winds are blowing.*
Narration: *Should we give in, or resist...?*
Narration: *To break this sort of deadlock, you really do need someone who can provide a big-picture perspective.*
Yumiko: ...And? You came to me... why, exactly?
Yuuji: Isn't it obvious? There aren't many people in this school even familiar with the circumstances. And despite the whole neutral observer act, you're constantly giving us precise and timely advice.
Yumiko: Maybe so, but what are you expecting me to do?
Yuuji: I don't expect you to do anything. Hell, look at it as standing in for a coin flip... Just casually call out "heads" or "tails" if you want. You do understand our situation, right?
Yumiko: Even if that's all right with you, the consequences are real... I can't assume responsibility for what happens to you two as the result of my casual decision, and I don't want to be left regretting it. Try asking someone else.
Makina: C'mon, don't be so cold... Ya know we can't ask anyone else, right?
Yumiko: ...Well, maybe, but... Look, I'm just not comfortable with this...
Yuuji: ...I understand we're asking a lot, but...
Narration: *If I had to make an analogy... Faced with the approach of an overwhelmingly powerful American army, do you continue fighting down to the last soldier―*
Narration: *Or accept being branded a coward, swallow your tears, and return to help lay the cornerstones of your nation's long, painful rebirth...?*
Narration: *Even if you consult the noncom who's taken over your platoon after the CO bit the dust, he'll just snarl "The hell do I know!? Make up your own damn mind!" in response.*
Narration: *If anything, you're better off making a field appointment in the absence of a true CO. Shout "Cpl. Kazami, you're the leader of this platoon," then give him a temporary promotion to second lieutenant... Your man can't help but stiffen his spine.*
Yuuji: ...However, even knowing full well that I'm being unreasonable, I want to ask you once more. What should I do, Commander Sakaki...?
Yumiko: ...Commander...?
Makina: Please, Lieutenant! Give us the word! Just one word! If you tell us to "Die," we'll hold out on this island for years, taking as many enemies as we can to hell with us!  
Yumiko: ...Look, you two... this isn't a game, you know? The whole idea of leaving such an important decision to me is fundamentally a mistake.
Yumiko: You two haven't mistaken me for some kind of all-knowing god, have you?
Yuuji: So you say, but if you remove but a single character from the name "Sakaki," you're left with the kanji for "God."
Makina: Oooh! Touche!
Yuuji: Sakaki, my friend... no, my god! Tell us what we should do! I beseech you!!
Makina: Here, I'll give ya an offering! Grant us an oracle, dios mio!! 
Yumiko: What t-! Stop throwing coins at me!! 
Narration: *There are no atheists in foxholes, as they say.*
Narration: *The opponent's far, far more powerful than us. That reality's clearer than the sight of the bombers soaring overhead on their way to devastate the mainland.*
Narration: *How meaningful would it be to barricade ourselves away in this island? Is dying and becoming a patriotic spirit really the only righteous choice?*
Narration: *But survival gained by turning tail and fleeing is a shameful thing. Anyone with a shred of compassion for those left behind couldn't accept such a selfish path.*
Narration: *The only easy way to resolve this is by sending Makina home to her family immediately... but what awaits her there is death, in spirit if not in body.*
Narration: *But if I were to flee with Makina in tow, those left behind in this school might very well suffer the consequences as well. In the worst-case scenario, there's no guarantee they won't be taken as hostages.*
Yuuji: ...I understand that I'm being tested here... but it seems I'm a hopeless loser who can't make his own decisions when push comes to shove... Please help me, Sakaki...
Yumiko: ............
Makina: ...Yoshiko...
Yumiko: How many times do I have to tell you not to randomly change the middle letters!?
Yuuji: Sorry about that... Kids these days feel the need to invent slang for everything they see. Try to let it slide.
Yumiko: ...In the first place, you've already found your answer, haven't you? Why don't you just go ahead and do what you want? I mean, all you're really trying to do here is push the clean-up after the fact onto me... or am I wrong?
Yuuji: You're not wrong... That's exactly how it is. I know we're being incredibly selfish...
Yuuji: This might end up causing serious problems for you and the others... but even so, I want to protect Makina.
Yumiko: ...Would you mind if I stated my honest opinion?
Yuuji: Go ahead...
Yumiko: Although a certain degree of protection is provided within the grounds of this school―
Yumiko: Now that Irisu-san has become an active target, the reality is that we can no longer guarantee her safety, or even that of the other students around her...
Yumiko: I'm hardly eager to throw out a friend who's studied at my side all this time, but as a member of the family administering this school, I'm obligated to make an extremely painful decision...
Yumiko: ...Irisu Makina-san... I'm going to arrange for your expulsion from this school.
Makina: ...Expulsion...?
Yuuji: In other words...
Yumiko: This isn't a suspension or a leave of absence. You will be expunged entirely from our register. Irisu Makina never attended this school... or so it will be made to appear.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Erasing every document with the name "Irisu Makina" on it is probably only prudent under the circumstances.*
Yuuji: ...Which would mean me as well?
Yumiko: Yes, you as well. There was never a student by the name of Kazami Yuuji here. That works for you, yes? I'll explain the situation to Principal Tachibana and the other girls...
Makina: ...Yumi-chan...
Yuuji: Sorry for the hassle...
Yumiko: That's all right. I can't do much else for you two, after all...
Yuuji: ...All right, Makina... since that's decided, want to run away with me...?
Makina: Yeah! Let's run! To th' ends of the earth or whatever!!
Narration: *Sakaki's right, of course. Whatever I might have said, the truth is I'd already made up my mind.*
Narration: *A snap of the Irisu's fingers is enough to leave people dead. They can't be persuaded or negotiated with. Staying here would leave me grinding my teeth impotently―*
Narration: *If I curl into a ball and wait for the hurricane to pass, I'll ultimately be forced to kill Makina with my own hands.*
Narration: *Given a choice between killing her and running away, I'd naturally choose the latter.*
Narration: *But disappearing into the night without a word would be agonizing. Knowing that those we're leaving behind might well face unjust suffering, I simply couldn't bring myself to do what had to be done.*
Narration: *And now, Sakaki's agreed to assume the role of protecting this school from the consequences of our actions. *
Yuuji: ...Sakaki... thank you. Now I can run away with a clean conscience...
Makina: Yumi-chan... I'm grateful too...
Yumiko: I'm simply driving out a pair of problem children. I haven't done a single thing worthy of your gratitude.
Yumiko: ...But, well... if you manage to resolve everything, come back to this school. You may be expelled, but we'll be happy to consider readmission...  
Makina: ...Yumi-chan!!
Narration: *Apparently overcome with emotion at Sakaki's unexpectedly warm words, Makina spreads out her arms like a bird flapping its wings. Taking advantage of the momentary distraction this provides, she proceeds to barrel forward into Sakaki's bosom.*
Yumiko: ...Huh? Wait...
Yumiko: ...Guhh!!
Narration: *Closing to a grappling range with an exemplary slide dash before her target can even begin to evade, Makina twines her legs tightly around Sakaki's knees, cutting off any possibility of retreat.*
Makina: Thank you, Yumi-chan... I'll definitely come back here someday... 
Yumiko: Y-Yes, fine, good...! Now let go of me!
Makina: ...So until then... take care of yerself, okay? Mwaaaaaaaaah...
Yumiko: Ngh!? Nmhooooooh!!!!
Narration: *Makina forces her lips against those of her immobilized prey. And the girl's not playing around, either.*
Narration: *From this passionate lesbian show, accompanied by the faint clacking of teeth against teeth, I sense something like the essence of female friendship. A profoundly moving spectacle. Brings a tear to my eye.*
Yumiko: ...Nnn!! Nn!! Nnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!
Narration: *After a while, Sakaki seems to grow somewhat agitated, releasing her grasp on Makina to thump on the girl's back like a martial artist signalling surrender.*
Yumiko: Nn... nnf... nn... ah... nnn... nnfh...
Narration: *But the situation seems to be developing further. Sakaki's slapping against Makina's back becomes progressively weaker, and the muffled grunts leaking out of the corner of her mouth grow sweet in tone.*
Narration: *Now that I look very carefully... while maintaining her twining leg lock on Sakaki, Makina seems to be grinding her knees vigorously against the woman's crotch, providing rough erotic stimulation.*
Yuuji: ...Looks like you've stepped up your game once again, Makina...
Narration: *Taking in this radiant scene of womanly affection, and noting with approval the maturation of my favorite pupil, I fold my arms in front of my chest and nod deeply in satisfaction.*
Makina: ...Nn... fuhaaah...!
Narration: *Perhaps running out of breath at last, Makina extracts her tongue from Sakaki's mouth with a wet pop, then sucks down a great lungful of air.*
Makina: ...Yumi-chan... I love ya...
Yumiko: Wha...! Wha! Wha-!? What are you DOING!?! W-W-Why did you kiss me!?
Makina: Hm? Why...? A thank you?
Yumiko: Wha-! Bu-! Gah! Why!? We're both girls! Huh? Then why did you put your tongue in!?
Makina: Uhm, welp... a little bonus?
Yumiko: Argh! Arrrrgh! I don't need that sort of thank you!! Let alone the bonus!! Just get yourselves OUT of this academy already!!
Makina: Waaah!!
Yuuji: Ah...! Hey! Sakaki...!
Yuuji: ...Hm... I hadn't managed to say goodbye yet...
Makina: ...We got chased away, ya know... Why'd that girl get her knickers in a twist? 
Yuuji: Don't ask me... Perhaps she grew flustered over being brought to the verge of a light orgasm by the likes of you...
Makina: ...I was just tryin' ta show a little gratitude... Did I screw up...?
Yuuji: Who knows? She made a good show of being angry, but for all we know she might be abandoning herself to self-pleasure even as we speak, using the lingering reverberations as fuel...
Yumiko: ...That does it! I've had about enough of you two!!
Yuuji: Not good!! Run, Makina!!
Makina: Waaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *As a blunt projectile shatters noisily against the floor behind us, Makina and I flee at a sprint.*
Yuuji: ...You know, Makina... we have to say goodbye to this school now... Are you really all right with that...?
Makina: ...Yeah... I think it's best this way...
Makina: Ya know, don't they say that pet cats tend to disappear alluva sudden when they're gettin' ready to die...? It's probably the same fer me...
Makina: I wanna just disappear like this out of nowhere... so everybody can look back an' think... "She sure was a noisy kid," or "Whatever happened to that dumb girl," or "Hope she's doin' all right"...
Makina: That's how I want them ta talk about me after I'm gone...
Yuuji: ...It's fine... you won't die. I won't let you... There's nothing to worry about...
Makina: ...Yeah... Thanks, Papa...
Narration: *Now that we've decided to move, there's no reason to drag our feet. Sometimes a single minute's vacillation can prove fatal.*
Yuuji: ...Therefore, we're going to leave this place immediately. I'll give you 30 minutes. Attend to your affairs and gather your belongings within that time, then regroup here. Understood?
Makina: Whaaat!? 30 minutes!?
Yuuji: Better than 40 seconds, right? Get a move on, the clock's already ticking.
Makina: G-Got it!
Narration: *After watching the girl patter off upstairs, I begin my own preparations for departure.*
Narration: *―That said, my personal luggage is pretty damn minimal. All I've got is the single oversized backpack I lugged here from Yamanashi. And even that's only halfway unpacked.*
Narration: *I won't be taking any of the additional household goods I purchased after my arrival at this school. Easy enough to buy new ones if they become necessary.*
Narration: *The only things I really need for daily life in the short term are my tableware and portable stove. Cramming these into my backpack takes all of five minutes.*
Narration: *I pause briefly to debate over what I should do with some half-read books Sakaki lent me, but... since I probably won't have many chances to come return them, it'd be best to leave them here. *
Narration: *If I really feel the need to finish reading one of them, I can just purchase my own copy.*
Yuuji: ...Well then...
Narration: *Since I've finished packing nice and early, I have some time to think about what comes next.*
Narration: *When you're on the run, a city is the ideal choice. The more densely populated the better. Human beings have a natural tendency to hide out in some quiet little rural town in the middle of nowhere, but that's a serious mistake.*
Narration: *The only people who think the country is full of kind-hearted folk living tranquil lives are city-dwellers who've never been there. *
Narration: *In reality, your typical village is a den of insular, malicious, and narrow-minded people, full of petty pride and obsessed with appearances. The countryside's a hell of a lot scarier than any city.*
Narration: *And naturally, it's all the more cold and hostile a place for a complete stranger the locals bear no social obligations or debts of gratitude to. When I was a kid, my mother and I learned that lesson the hard way...*
Narration: *Anyway... if we're going to try and hide out somewhere, ideally it should be a place neither Makina and I have even visited before.*
Narration: *Few people being chased by their enemies take refuge in a place they're totally unfamiliar with. Pursuers naturally start by searching areas where the fugitive would have a "home-field advantage."  *
Narration: *If Mom and I had known that back in the day, our lives might've turned out slightly better than they did. The thought does inspire some bitterness...*
Narration: *But there's not exactly anything to be done about that now. I can only shake my head firmly and put it out of my mind.*
Yuuji: ...So if we're running somewhere... I guess the city would be best...
Narration: *When you're hiding a tree, do it in the forest. It's always dark at the foot of the lighthouse. Yeah, there's a reason those proverbs have been passed down all this time.*
Narration: *People pour in and out constantly; the residents are apathetic enough not to glance over at the next toilet stall. That's the city for you.*
Narration: *However, massive crowds do have their downside. Although it'll be harder to find us, it also becomes more difficult for us to notice the movements of our enemies.*
Narration: *It wouldn't be so bad if we just had the competing factions within the Irisu to worry about, but I doubt we're going to get off that easy.*
Narration: *My employer, "Ichigaya," isn't going to sit back and let me leave, and if "Akasaka" moves there's a possibility our friends in the NSA and CSS may get involved as well.*
Narration: *However, like the old joke goes, "If you're in town on the weekend and notice a Caucasian in golf clothes, leather shoes, and a pair of sunglasses, assume they're CIA"...*
Narration: *In other words, there are certainly ways to recognize those sorts of people.*
Narration: *A thoroughly trained agent in their element is obvious at a glance. You can tell a CIA man when he's standing, a CSS man when he's sitting, and an NSA man when he's walking.*
Narration: *Considering the possibility of their involvement, it'd probably be best to avoid yuppie-infested areas of the city where business suits are common in favor of places overflowing with flashy young people.*
Narration: *A neighborhood where punk kids go to get shitfaced would be ideal. Anybody walking straight in that sort of crowd would stand out like a sore thumb.*
Yuuji: ...Well then, guess it's about time...
Narration: *I glance back at the clock. Just about 25 minutes have passed since Makina and I split up. *
Narration: *Heaving the rucksack containing everything I own onto my back, I leave my room and shut the door behind me. *
Michiru: ...Hm? Huh? Yuuji? What's with the bag? You going somewhere?
Yuuji: Yeah... I think you might have a rough idea of the circumstances already, but Makina's in some real danger right now. The two of us are going to be hiding out for a while.
Michiru: ...Hmmm... no kidding. You have some place to stay?
Yuuji: No... nothing like that. Even if we did, it wouldn't be a good idea to use it.
Michiru: Sounds kinda rough. Is there anything I can help with?
Yuuji: ...Well, let's see... If you have any cash on hand, a little farewell donation would be helpful.
Michiru: Uh, that's kinda sudden...
Narration: *Although Michiru grimaces a little, she nonetheless retrieves her wallet from her pouch and takes a look inside.*
Michiru: Sorry, I've only got 2000 yen on me...
Yuuji: That's plenty... Thanks. I'll make careful use of it...
Yuuji: ...Uh, by the way, Michiru...
Michiru: Yeah? What is it?
Yuuji: You're not really acting all that surprised, are you...?
Michiru: ...Well, I guess not. Yumiko sorta gave me a vague summary of what's going on...
Michiru: She said there's nothing we can do about this... In fact, the best way for us to help you two is by keeping out of it. Is that true?
Yuuji: Yeah, exactly right. There's nothing you can do, and if you stuck your head in anyway, you might well end up becoming collateral damage...
Yuuji: However, as long as you're in this school, it seems Sakaki's going to keep you safe. You can just forget about us and go on living normally. 
Michiru: ...When everything's cleaned up, you guys are gonna come back, right...?
Yuuji: I can't promise that, but... I'll definitely try.
Michiru: ...I-It's not like I really care about you either way, but make sure you keep Makina safe, all right...? It might not always be obvious, but I've got a real soft spot for that girl...
Yuuji: Yeah, I'll promise you that. No matter what happens, I'll protect Makina above all else... You can trust me on this one.
Michiru: ...That was a lie...
Yuuji: ...What?
Michiru: When I said I didn't care about you either way... I was lying. You better... come back too, all right...?
Yuuji: Hm. Don't think I'm particularly hard of hearing, but I didn't quite catch that. Mind repeating yourself one more time? 
Michiru: Arrrrrghhghh!! Shaddup already!! That 2000 yen just now!? That wasn't a gift; it was a loan! Don't get the wrong idea, okay!?
Michiru: So you'd better come back and repay me! You got that!? Do you!? Well!?
Yuuji: Look, you don't have to scream. I can hear you fine... I get it... I mean, do you just want the 2000 yen back right now, or what...?
Michiru: Don't friggin' give it back!!
Makina: What're you guys fightin' about...?
Yuuji: Oh. Hey there, Makina. Ready to leave?
Makina: Yep. I returned my crawfish to th' pond in the courtyard, and I've got my bag packed an' all. 
Michiru: ...Wait, are you two leaving already?
Makina: Yeah.
Michiru: Uh, hold on, Makina, is that all your luggage? What do you have in that bag? 
Makina: Hm? Erm, some snacks, my purse, an' a change of panties.
Michiru: Panties...? Huh? That's it!?
Makina: We can buy most of what we need on th' road, and bringin' extra stuff along is just gonna slow us down, ya know?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... a wise attitude.
Sachi: ...I suppose Maki-chan is rather used to traveling light after her time in the hospital, yes?
Michiru: Ah... Sachi...
Sachi: Maki-chan... this is the apple seedling you entrusted me with earlier, but... I don't think I can accept it after all. Please take it with you.
Makina: Uuu... but...
Sachi: If you find a place where you can live in peace, why don't you plant it there? By the time it bears fruit, I'm sure everything will have been resolved... right?
Yuuji: I see... One of those "seedling of hope" deals?
Sachi: Yes. I think it would be lovely if we could all eat those apples together someday with smiles on our faces, don't you?
Yuuji: Makina... why don't you take it?
Makina: Mm, yeah... In that case, we're definitely gonna eat those apples someday, okay...?
Sachi: Yes. I'm looking forward to it already.
Michiru: ...Hey, wait... are you really going...? Right now...?
Yuuji: Not to worry. We'll meet again...
Sachi: Yes. I will pray for your good fortune on the battlefield...
Amane: Hollllld it right therrrre!!!
Yuuji: ...Hm? Amane...?
Amane: Haah... haaah... H-Hold yer damn horses there, y'all!
Makina: ...Ama-nee...
Amane: Makina, take this with you as well... The bread maker...
Makina: ...Huh? But this... Is that really okay?
Amane: As long as you have this around, you can bake bread whenever you want, right?
Yuuji: ...This thing's going to be a bit of a burden...
Amane: Shut up! You're a guy, so a little extra luggage is no big deal, right? Just carry it for her!
Yuuji: ...Uh... well... yeah, guess you're right...
Amane: Aah! Also, here! It's just a bunch of leftovers, but I packed you a boxed lunch. Eat it on the road today, okay? It's got that pea stew with bamboo shoots and lotus roots you loved so much!
Makina: Ah... yeah, thanks...
Amane: A-Also, you left your cell in the room, you know!? Can't make any phone calls without this!
Makina: Auu... I left that behind on purpose, ya know...
Amane: Huh? Why?
Yuuji: We're not going on a vacation, you know? It'd be like carrying around a convenient little homing device everywhere we go...
Amane: Ah, right...
Sachi: Amane-san is a bit of a worrywart, isn't she?
Amane: Uuugh... but, c'mooon... I mean, aren't you worried, Sacchan?
Sachi: No. I believe quite firmly that Kazami-san and Maki-chan will both return safely, you see.
Michiru: ...Okay, so you "believe." But it's not like there's any real proof of that, right?
Sachi: That is certainly true. However, I have conveyed my absolute trust to the two of them. Isn't that enough?
Michiru: What's that supposed to mean...?
Sachi: For example, if the two of them encounter a difficult situation and waver on the verge of giving up... perhaps remembering that someone is waiting trustingly for their return will give them the strength to go on...
Sachi: Perhaps you could call such blind faith irresponsible, but I think belief possesses its own indirect power.
Makina: ...Sacchin...
Yuuji: You're strong, Sachi.
Amane: ...All right. I'll believe in you guys too... and wait patiently...
Michiru: ...Well, I guess... uhm... I could believe in you too, if you asked nicely? I mean... yeah. I believe in you guys...
Sachi: ...I'm sorry? Lately, Michiru-sama's sentences have a regrettable tendency to trail off into unintelligibility... Would you mind repeating yourself a little more loudly?
Michiru: Aah, geez!! I got it! You want me to shout!? Fine! I BELIEVE IN YOU TWO!! That good enough!?
Makina: Ahaha, Chiruchiru actually managed a halfway decent tsundere! Man, never thought I'd live ta see the day!
Sachi: Indeed. Human beings should live long lives, full of happy surprises...
Sachi: Therefore, please promise that you will return safely... Maki-chan and Kazami-san both.
Yuuji: But... that's...
Sachi: You don't need to be entirely sincere. I'd like to hear the words anyway... and I'd like you to bear in mind that there are people waiting here who believe in them...
Yuuji: Understood... We'll be back. Makina and I both...
Sachi: Yes... and we'll be waiting.
Amane: That's a promise, right? You're definitely coming back. Okay?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's a promise...
Michiru: That goes for you too, Makina! You'd better come back in one piece, got it!?
Makina: Yeah! Thanks, Chiruchiru! Thanks, everybody!! 
Yuuji: ...Let's go, Makina...
Makina: Yus!
Narration: *With a forceful nod, Makina snaps her slipper-clad heels smartly together and squeezes her hands into fists. Standing at attention, she turns her gaze around the room, taking in the faces of her friends one by one.*
Makina: Irisu Makina, heading out! Take care of yerselves, everybody!
Narration: *Lowering her head about ten degrees, the girl offers a salute worthy of a professional, then turns around and walks off without another word.*
Yuuji: ...There's a possibility we'll never see any of them again. Are you really all right with this quick a farewell...?
Makina: Hm? Yeah, it's fine... I mean, I believe we're gonna see each other again too, ya know?
Yuuji: ............
Makina: We will come back again, right...?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right... Guaranteed...
Makina: In that case, what's th' problem? ...Gotta say, though, it's kinduva downer I didn't get to say goodbye to Yumi-chan.
Yuuji: ...Well, she's... a bit of a special case, I suppose...
Makina: ...Hm? Whaddaya mean...?
Yuuji: Look up at the roof of the school...
Makina: ...Hmmm?
Narration: *After briefly squinting up at the distant building, Makina retrieves her scope from her bag, then presses the rubber cup to her eye.*
Makina: ...Ah... It's Yumi-chan... an' she's lookin' this way... What the heck's that girl doin' up there...?
Yuuji: Must be her way of sending us off...
Narration: *I see. So she went with this approach, huh?*
Narration: *I was expecting something along the lines of her listlessly leaning against a wall at the end of the platform, watching in silence as our train rolled away, but whatever...*
Makina: ...What's th' point of actin' all cool like that?
Yuuji: Don't say that. Pulls it off pretty well, doesn't she? Why don't you hit her with a little swagger of your own?
Makina: ...Hmm... well, guess yer right...
Makina: Catch ya later, dear friend!!
Yuuji: ...Wait, did you two really get along that well?
Makina: C'mon, don't say that...
Narration: *―While our exit scene was a bit on the haphazard side, with this Makina and I have taken our leave of Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *We're not running away in defeat, but rather falling back to fight another day. Still, when I think rationally about the odds of us ever returning to this place, it's hard to help feeling more than a little glum as well.*
Narration: *But when I glance down at Makina, expecting to find some form of sorrow distorting her face after our abrupt departure―*
Narration: *I'm somewhat surprised to find she doesn't look particularly discouraged, let alone teary-eyed. If anything, her bright and optimistic expression reminds me of a young girl heading out to the zoo hand-in-hand with her father.*
Narration: *That attitude's clearly only possible because of Makina's genuine trust in me, so I don't particularly feel the need to remind her this isn't a game. There's no need to share my burden with her.*
Narration: *From this point on, things get a little murky. I've roughly decided that we'll be concealing ourselves within the city, but the specific area and the details of how we'll be getting there are still up in the air.*
Narration: *In any case, we've only just taken the first step on our somewhat contradictory attempt at "bold and determined retreat."*
Narration: *It's definitely nice that we were able to rush out of Mihama without leaving any ill will or regrets in our wake, but now we have to face the real problems.*
Narration: *The first hurdle we need to clear is arranging a method of transportation.*
Narration: *It wouldn't be that problematic if I was alone, but with Makina tagging along, it's the ancient "wolf with cub" dilemma. The range we can reasonably expect to cover on foot is severely limited.*
Narration: *I did consider asking Amane to loan us a vehicle, but if at all possible I don't want to risk dragging her into this. Material aiding and abetting would be more than enough to land her deep in hot water.*
Narration: *In the first place, hurrying to a crowded place where we can blend in by zipping along all by ourselves on a conspicuous motorcycle would be the definition of "cart before the horse."*
Narration: *And since we have nothing whatsoever in the way of support, it's painfully clear that avoiding the watchful gaze of the N-system and street cameras will be a major challenge.*

Narration: *―When I was a child, there were nights when my head ached so painfully I couldn't sleep.*
Narration: *I don't know why.*
Narration: *I think a doctor my mother took me to said something about stress being the cause.*
Narration: *It began with something that felt like a slight fever. Soon, my head would begin to throb painfully in time with the beating of my heart.*
Narration: *I didn't think it was stress. I thought I was starving for something.*
Narration: *For affection. Or love. Something like that. Some frustrated longing was making its impossible demands on me.*
Narration: *One evening, I suffered an unusually severe headache on my way home from school, and crouched down on the roadside in agony.*
Narration: *I looked around the area, my vision hazy and periodically obscured by pure-white flashes of pain, but couldn't find anyone who seemed likely to help me.*
Narration: *But that was only to be expected. It was natural. Nobody's going to volunteer for the thankless hassle of looking after some sick kid they've never seen before. I thought as much myself, so I'm sure the people passing by felt the same.*
Narration: *Dragging my heavy legs forward as if slogging through knee-deep mud, propping myself up against the wall, I crept my way home all by myself.*
Narration: *When I finally reached my house after what felt like hours of miserable effort, my big sister met me at the door.*
Narration: *The instant she saw my face, it felt like my sister spoke some concerned words, but apparently my ears weren't working properly. I couldn't understand what she was saying.*
Narration: *When I thought about the painful, lonely struggle I'd just endured, her sympathy only grated on my nerves. I snarled bitterly that it was a little late for her to help now.*
Narration: *My big sister's face crumpled miserably. I knew I'd done something wrong, something worth apologizing for, but I didn't have the composure to tell her I was sorry.*
Narration: *Ignoring my sister as she tried to speak to me again, I moved past her and into our bedroom.*
Narration: *I couldn't even muster the willpower to climb up to the top of the bunk bed where I slept. Instead, I opened the closet, collapsed inside it, then slid the door shut with the last of my strength.*
Narration: *I liked cramped places. I liked dark places. I felt most at ease holed up in places too small for others to enter. It felt like I was safe there. Like I was cocooned in the cockpit of a powerful robot.*
Narration: *There was nothing to be afraid of in there. The pain, so intense that it felt as though my skull was cracking apart, began to ease little by little.*
Narration: *I wanted to stay there. I wished I could curl up in that closet forever and never have to leave. Even knowing that was spoiled, pointless escapism, I couldn't help but indulge in it.*
Narration: *―When night came, my sister woke me up.*
Narration: *She asked me if I had calmed down, and I realized that I had. I felt almost refreshed, in fact. But at the same time, there was a tickle of awkward self-reproach.*
Narration: *"That's right, I need to apologize for snapping at her" - just as my thoughts reached that conclusion, I felt a sharp pain in my right hand.*
Narration: *When I looked down, I noticed the wound on my right fist, deep enough to expose bone. I had no memory of injuring myself so badly.*
Narration: *As I puzzled over when it could possibly have happened, my sister spoke to me in a subdued murmur.*
Narration: *"It seems your homeroom teacher committed suicide..."*
Narration: *For a moment, I couldn't process the meaning of those words.*
Narration: *Suicide...?*
Narration: *In other words, the man took his own life.*
Narration: *Even as I wondered why, a smug sense of satisfaction welled up inside me.*
Narration: *I hated that teacher with a passion. He never complimented me when I succeeded, sneering at the smallest sign of pride. He focused exclusively on my failures, belittling me as a defective human being. He hurt me every single day.*
Narration: *The man seemed to have entered the teaching profession just so he could re-enact the miseries of his own childhood on his pupils. I'd silently urged him to die many times. It felt like what he deserved.*
Narration: *I looked down at my right fist, covered in congealed blood.*
Narration: *"Did I kill him...?"*
Narration: *While I was unconscious with this headache, did my body crawl out of this closet all on its own? Did this hand kill my teacher...?*
Narration: *That anxiety stretched on and on indefinitely. When my head began its brutal aching, somebody would experience misfortune. The pattern repeated itself several times.*
Narration: *My head hurts.*
Narration: *I want something. Badly. But as always, I can't even tell what it is I'm longing for.*
Narration: *That "thirst" for something never did go away.*
Narration: *I want help. Anyone will do. If anyone would reach out a hand to me, I'd probably cling to them and cry like a child.*
Narration: *At this rate, it feels like I'm going to go crazy...*
Narration: *I want to be alone. I want a cramped place where I can take refuge. I want to curl up in a dark place and sink into death as if falling asleep.*
Narration: *It was always my sister who opened the closet door and brought me out of my seclusion.*
Narration: *There were times when I wished she wouldn't. When I found her irritating.*
Narration: *And my sister died in a traffic accident.*
Narration: *I didn't hate my sister, or even dislike her. If anything, it'd be no exaggeration to say she was the reason I was able to keep on living.*
Narration: *Even so, my sister died.*
Narration: *Why did she die and leave me behind alone? The question did inspire some reproachful feelings.*
Narration: *But I still remember the look on her face that day when I answered her kindness with a snarl of irrational anger. *
Narration: *In the end, I never did apologize.*
Narration: *I could never manage to say the simple words "I'm sorry for yelling at you."*
Narration: *That always weighed on my mind.*
Narration: *When I think of my sister, her troubled expression on that afternoon always flashes before my eyes.*
Narration: *I can't stand it anymore... I wish everything would just come to an end.*
Narration: *But maybe all of this was my fault.*
Narration: *I gnawed on my possessed right hand until it bled.*
Narration: *And one year after that― just as I'd wished somewhere deep down inside, the devil in my right hand took everything from me.*
Narration: *My father died... and my mother as well.*
Narration: *I must've been the one who killed them.*
Narration: *All of them. I slaughtered them all.*
Narration: *I'm the lowest of the low.*
Narration: *I was a vile monster in the body of a child, and the person who took me in was an even more terrible creature. *
Narration: *Taking the place of my father, who had died leaving only debts behind, that man brought me to his mansion to live like a dog.*
Narration: *Every day was pain. Nothing but pain. Bitter, excruciating pain, beyond my capacity to endure.*
Narration: *To escape that suffering, I would've gladly committed suicide.*
Narration: *But I couldn't die.*
Narration: *Not when they punched me until the bones in my face shattered. Not when they kicked me until my organs seemed to burst. Not when they covered me in gasoline and set me on fire.*
Narration: *I felt pain. I suffered. But no matter what they did to me, I never managed to die.*
Narration: *The devil in my right hand must've forbidden it.*
Narration: *I'd forfeited the right to live as a human being. But maybe that wasn't all. Maybe I'd lost even the right to die.*
Narration: *What was so valuable about my existence, preserved at the cost of so much blood and suffering?*
Narration: *Why was the devil keeping me alive?*
Narration: *I didn't know.*
Narration: *Forget the meaning of my life. I couldn't understand the reason I wasn't dead.*
Narration: *I reached my limit. The "thirst" grew so agonizing I was beginning to wonder if it would ever stop swelling inside me.*
Narration: *Since things had gone this far, I had no choice but to purge myself of the "devil" that was the source of my suffering and thirst.*
Narration: *I began by smashing my right hand against the concrete wall of my basement room, but the pain was so strong I couldn't help easing off.*
Narration: *I tried slicing it off with a knife instead. But whenever I tried to cut through the nerve, agony ran through my entire body, so it was difficult to keep pressing the blade down. All I managed was to cut myself deeply.*
Narration: *The bones in my wrist were getting in the way, so I tried to scrape them down with the knife first. But the thick blood that spouted out made the blade slip and slide around, so I couldn't grind away very well.*
Narration: *And every time the blade did catch in the bone, the grating movement jarred my skull with sickening vibrations. In the end, I simply fainted from the pain.*
Narration: *The adults in the mansion tied me up with ropes to prevent me from mutilating myself any further. And they whispered in my ear. The same words, repeated many, many times.*
Narration: *"Nobody needs you. Nobody wants you. Even your family despised and resented you."*
Narration: *"No one in the world loves you. No one in the world is on your side. Everyone is your enemy."*
Narration: *"Hate. Hate them. Hate them all. Anyone your eyes can see is your enemy."*
Narration: *"They made you suffer. They disgraced your family. They trampled your friends underfoot. That is the nature of your enemy."*
Narration: *"Kill. Kill them. Kill them all. You have my permission. Slaughter them like cattle."*
Narration: *"Hate everything. Kill everything. That is your only road to salvation."*
Narration: *―And so I killed.*
Narration: *All of them. Everyone.*
Narration: *I might've killed my sister.*
Narration: *I murdered my own parents.*
Narration: *But even after all that killing, I still haven't been saved.*
Narration: *Why not?*
Narration: *Haven't I killed enough by now?*
Narration: *Aah... that's right... I haven't killed myself yet.*
Narration: *I'm not finished yet. I've got to take my own life.*
Narration: *But... how...?*
Narration: *I can't just murder myself.*
Narration: *I don't know how it's done.*
Narration: *Nobody ever taught me.*
Narration: *What do I need to do before I can die?*
Narration: *―I spent two weeks without eating any food.*
Narration: *My arms grew thin as the branches of a dead tree, my front teeth fell out, and my fingernails grew soft and began to warp away from the skin underneath.*
Narration: *When I reached up and touched my head, hair came out in clumps. But there was no pain.*
Narration: *It seemed that I was simply going to wither away to a mummy.*
Narration: *I would sleep in my crypt, waiting for the day when someone would offer me blood.*
Narration: *However many years it took. However many decades. However many centuries.*
Narration: *Until someone who can save me appears...*
Narration: *Until my sister comes to wake me up...*
Narration: *"...Yuuji..."*
Narration: *Yes, that was my name.*
Narration: *My sister always called me that.*
Narration: *Until my sister calls again, I can only wait. In a slumber so deep I'll forget even my own name.*
Narration: *I wanted someone to pull me up out of this hell as quickly as possible.*
Narration: *But I had fallen into hell for a reason. I had done an evil thing.*
Narration: *This was only natural.*
Narration: *This was my punishment.*
Narration: *―When I came to, I was in an unfamiliar room.*
Narration: *It wasn't my basement prison. There was a window.*
Narration: *The pale bluish light of the moon flowed in, and the air felt a little cold against my skin.*
Narration: *On nights like this, where the moon hung fat and swollen in the sky, my sister used to moan in an awful tone of voice from the bunk bed below my own.*
Narration: *It was always like that on the nights when the moon was full.*
Narration: *Suffering, sadness, desperation.*
Narration: *Her voice spoke of many different emotions too strong for words.*
Narration: *It frightened me when my sister moaned.*
Narration: *I would wrap myself up in my blanket on the upper bed, covering my ears tightly, but still the voice seemed to pass through my skull and burrow directly into my brain.*
Narration: *That overly-bright moonlight flowing in from outside the window must've driven me mad.*
Narration: *I stood up from my bed, approached the window, and looked out.*
Narration: *A single girl stood beneath a snowstorm of sakura petals dancing on the wind, her back turned to me.*
Narration: *What was she doing out there at this time of night?*
Narration: *In the first place, who on earth was she?*
Narration: *As those questions drove every other thought from my mind, the girl turned around and smiled brightly.*
Narration: *Our eyes met.*
Narration: *Overwhelmed by the uncomfortable feeling that I'd been peeping on her somehow, I willed myself to pull back and hide, but for some strange reason I couldn't move my body even an inch.*
Narration: *It was almost as though the force of her gaze had pinned my moonlight-cast shadow to the ground.*
Narration: *As I stood stock still by the window, the girl softly raised her right hand toward me and began to speak.*
Narration: *My ears were ringing...*
Narration: *The girl's voice couldn't reach me.*
Narration: *When I concentrated on the girl's mouth as she repeated herself, I read the softly spoken words from the movement of her lips.*
Narration: *"Over here, Yuuji..."*
Narration: *She was calling for me. Clearly and simply.*
Narration: *And when I focused on her with complete concentration, her voice itself became clear as a bell, sinking deeply into my mind.*
Narration: *"Come here, Yuuji..."*
Narration: *The girl was definitely saying that.*
Narration: *As she offered me her outstretched hand, tears began to roll down my face.*
Narration: *Can I really... take her hand?*
Narration: *Is it really all right for the likes of me to take that hand?*
Narration: *The instant our fingers intertwine, the devil in my right hand might kill the girl.*
Narration: *My body began to tremble uncontrollably. I was afraid.*
Narration: *This is a dream. I want to wake up right away.*
Narration: *When I see dreams like these, my right hand always tries to kill someone.*
Narration: *I can't take anymore. I don't want to lose anyone else.*
Makina: ...Papa...?
Narration: *Snapped abruptly back to the waking world by a familiar voice against my earlobe, I saw a girl crouched down at my side.*
Narration: *That girl, her eyes full of concern, spoke to me.*

Makina: ...Papa... you're crying again...?
Yuuji: Aah... hey, Makina... I'm fine. It's nothing...
Makina: It is NOT nothing... Why are you always crying...?
Yuuji: No, really, it's no big deal... men just wake up crying sometimes... Sort of like a wet dream, you know...? Don't worry about it...  
Makina: ...Why... are you makin' such a scary face? Is it somethin' you can't talk to me about...?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right... It's got nothing to do with you, so you don't have to worry about it...
Makina: ...That's... no fair... You're helping me out, aren't ya...? Can't I help you too, Papa...?
Yuuji: ...Makina...
Makina: If it's hard to talk about, then... I won't ask anything. I'm not that smart anyway, so even if you told me... I prob'ly wouldn't be able to comfort you that well...
Makina: ...So... Well, Ama-nee told me somethin' once, ya know...?
Makina: There's nothin' like a naked woman to cheer up a man who's hurting...
Yuuji: Hahah... what, so... you're doing the slut routine now...?
Makina: Yeah... that works for me. I'm yer exclusive slut...
Makina: So... come here, Papa...
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *Those words send a jolt of surprise through my body.*
Narration: *I've only just realized. The voice of that girl in the dream, the voice that seemed to sink into the depths of my heart, was Makina's. *
Narration: *The girl who waited all that time, all those years, her hand patiently outstretched, offering to lead me out of hell―*
Narration: *...Never would've thought she'd turn out to be a stumpy little airhead like this. But here we are. I find myself wrapping my arms around Makina, clinging to her like a child.*
Yuuji: Sorry, Makina... Never thought I'd sink low enough to make you comfort me... Pretty pathetic, aren't I...?
Makina: Nothin' to worry about... That's more than enough of a reason fer a man to make love to a woman, ya know...? C'mere, Papa... Gimme a kiss...
Narration: *I obediently bring myself closer, feeling the quiet touch of her breath against my face.*
Narration: *A feminine sigh. It's a warm, soft sensation, like a slow summer breeze too gentle even to ruffle your hair.*
Narration: *Dawn has just begun to break outside. The morning light that flows softly into the room faintly illuminates her pink lips.*
Narration: *Catching a brief glimpse of her small tongue in between those slightly parted lips, I push my mouth to hers as if reeled in by the jerk of a rope.*
Makina: ...Nn... mfh...
Narration: *Her lips are pliant, with a hint of stickiness. I push my tongue deep inside that oddly sugary little mouth and move it slowly around in exploration. Even the girl's teeth feel small.*
Narration: *It's hardly the first time I've kissed Makina, but I don't think I've ever done so this urgently before.*
Makina: ...Nnh...!
Narration: *Makina pulls back with a reflexive little twitch, then slides her arms upward along my back. Her hands grab hold of my hair and pull my face even closer, forcing our lips more firmly together.*
Narration: *The frantic way she sticks out her stubby little tongue to parry mine is clumsy in the extreme. But also more than a little adorable.*
Yuuji: ...You've got... one short tongue, kid...
Makina: ...Nn... Can't... do nothin' about that, ya know... nmmm... nnn... Hey, Papa... gimme a dirtier kiss...
Narration: *―Well, easy for you to say...*
Narration: *I ponder the matter for a moment, but this short little tongue of hers presents a serious impediment to more advanced French kissing.*
Narration: *It's said that small breasts grow larger when you rub them... I wonder if a short tongue would get longer if you pull on it?*
Makina: ...Ah... heah... haaah... nnn... hyu...
Narration: *Pushing my way back into that sweet little mouth, I wrap up Makina's stubby tongue with my own, then pin it between my lips and apply some firm suction.*
Makina: ...Hyoh! Mnnfh! Papa... it hursh whyen... ya shuck on it that 'ard... nghah... hehaah...
Yuuji: I can't really understand a word you're saying, just so you know.
Makina: ...Nnyu... Papa... morrrre... nnngh...!
Narration: *Makina's lips part widely, less an invitation than a demand. I respond by opening my mouth and letting a large load of drool fall into hers.*
Makina: ...Nffh!? Nn... mnnnnnngh!
Narration: *Of course, this is probably her first experience with anything like this. Her mouth still hanging open, Makina wrinkles her brow, clearly bewildered by the sudden deluge of spit onto her tongue.*
Yuuji: ...Think you can swallow that?
Makina: ...Hyu...
Narration: *After shutting her eyes and thinking the matter over for a moment, Makina closes her lips in determined fashion, then gulps down the frothing saliva I placed inside her mouth.*
Makina: ...Nngh... mnn... *Gulp*...
Yuuji: What do you think? A little gross after all?
Makina: ...Nnn... ah... haa... haa... That there tasted... really, uh... lewd...
Yuuji: Good enough to kill a few brain cells...?
Makina: ...The heck's that s'pposed ta mean?
Yuuji: Forget it. I'm just making this up as I go along...
Narration: *The girl's breathing heavily, her mouth hanging open, clearly a little dazed. I take the opportunity to reach down to her groin.*
Narration: *My fingers slide easily along her vagina, smooth and hairless as always. But today, it's unusually warm and moist. Almost as though her body had been waiting for this.*
Makina: ...Uu...!
Narration: *The middle finger on my right hand gently traces the slightly clingy lips of her vagina all the way up to the swollen clitoris above.*
Narration: *When I rub the bottom of my finger against that pudgy little bud, noticeably out of place on her otherwise underdeveloped body, Makina pushes herself up a little way into the air with a series of sharp twitches.*
Makina: ...Hyah! Ah! Aaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *Nice and sensitive as always. A little too much so, since she's inexperienced; it feels like she'll break apart from the quivering if I go at her too roughly.*
Narration: *I spread apart Makina's labia with my index and ring fingers. Light, clear liquid instantly flows out from inside her, wetting my hand.*
Narration: *Even as I wonder if I'm taking things a little too quickly, I plunge my newly-lubricated middle finger into Makina's vagina.*
Makina: ...Nnnn!! Hoo... ah... haaaah...
Narration: *Well, doesn't seem to have caused her any pain.*
Narration: *Makina's whole body is trembling, and her eyes are fixed on my face, increasingly clouded with what looks like arousal.*
Narration: *Guess she's already picked up a taste for having someone else fiddle around with her private parts. Far from whining in pain, she actually starts shoving her elevated waist toward me, wordlessly demanding more.*
Yuuji: ...Think you can handle it if I go a little harder?
Makina: Nn... Gimme more... Harder... Do it, Papa... Nnnnnn... ah! Haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *The inside of Makina's vagina is so hot it feels like my finger's going to melt in there. Enjoying the sensation, I push up around the area of her bladder, simultaneously attacking her clit with my thumb.*
Makina: Uu...! Uuuuuuuuu!!! Nnnnngh!!! Ah! Haa... haa... haa...! 
Narration: *Makina bends her waist back and forth loosely in time with the stirring movements of my finger, trying and failing to stifle her moans. Thick hot liquid begins to flow out from deep inside of her.*
Narration: *The girl wrinkles her brow and bites her lower lip, moaning "Uuu uuu" like a distressed toddler. It's pretty damn cute.*
Narration: *Makina's jerked up her chin so far that by now she's practically rubbing the back of her head against the floor. I press my nose against her thin, strikingly vulnerable neck, and breathe in her intoxicating fruity scent.*
Narration: *"Ah, it's the smell of a woman..."*
Narration: *A surge of vague nostalgia runs through me.*
Narration: *But this fragrance is unlike that of any other woman. It makes me feel like my brain's been soaked in hot water, warmed down to its very core. It makes me feel like I'm safe.*
Narration: *As I bury my face in Makina's almost alarmingly slender chest, the scent grows stronger and stronger.*
Narration: *And in the next moment, she's wrapped her arms around my head in an affectionate embrace.*
Makina: ...Sorry... my boobies're pretty small...
Yuuji: Nothing to worry about...
Narration: *Why is it... that being held by this tiny woman brings me such peace of mind...?*
Narration: *Still pressed to Makina's chest, I turn my eyes up to her face. She's smiling gently down at me, almost like a mother gazing at her infant child.*
Narration: *But I can't answer that sweet smile. Along with a hint of awkward embarrassment, I'm filled with something like guilt.*
Narration: *When those innocent, caring eyes find mine, dark and ugly feelings swell up in response. "Don't pity me." "Don't take me for a fool."*
Narration: *What's with that look? You don't think you really understand me, do you? Don't try to "accept" me. You don't have the first damn idea what I am...*
Narration: *The words rush into my head like a deluge of black mud. A part of me suddenly wants to teach this girl a lesson. To make her break down and cry.*
Narration: *This is no damn good at all... I'm always like this when I see the bad dreams. Warped to the point that even kindness brings me pain.*
Narration: *Suddenly miserable with self-pity and on the edge of tears, I hurriedly pull myself away from Makina.*
Yuuji: I'm sorry, Makina...
Makina: What's wrong...? Why're you always apologizin' to me, Papa? This is all my fault... 
Yuuji: That's not true... That's not true at all...
Makina: ...Do you hate me now...?
Yuuji: No... I love you, Makina... and that won't ever change... But... because I love you, there are things I can't help worrying about... 
Makina: ...Like what...?
Yuuji: I can't explain it that well, but... I'm not the sort of person who belongs in a normal school... who deserves a normal life... My hands are just too dirty...
Yuuji: ...You have no idea... what ugly things I've done... You can't even begin to understand...
Yuuji: I can't just have happiness fall on my lap... I don't deserve it...
Makina: I forgive ya!!
Yuuji: ...Uh, what?
Makina: Like I said, I forgive ya! You have my abso-loo-shun! Don't worry 'bout it!
Yuuji: What... the hell're you saying, kid...?
Makina: I don't know what happened in yer past, Papa... but you musta done something wrong, right? Somethin' so bad, nobody could forgive you.
Makina: So I'll take care of that for ya! Even if nobody else in the whole friggin' world can forgive ya, I will!
Yuuji: ...Haha... you're not making the slightest bit of sense, you know...
Makina: It's a lot more non-sensick-al to be worryin' about some stupid unforgivable sin... There's a girl with her legs wide open right before yer eyes sayin' she'll forgive you, so just roll with it!
Yuuji: You really are... talking complete nonsense... hahaha...
Makina: Nonsense is hella fine by me! What's logic done fer us lately, anyway!? 
Makina: You're my papa now, so... I'm not gonna let you spend your life lookin' for a way to die.
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *Firmly resettling my head against her breast, Makina gently strokes my hair.*
Narration: *Honestly... this girl really... throws me off my game...*
Makina: Please be strong... an' live with your head held high... It's okay, I'll always be here for you... I promise...
Yuuji: ...Thank you, Makina...
Narration: *I'm no longer even capable of bluffing. Pretending that I'm the one protecting Makina.*
Narration: *All I can do now is cling to a younger girl like a child hoping for his mother's forgiveness. I can't even keep myself from breaking down into tears.  *
Narration: *As I listen to the steady sound of Makina's heartbeat, I can feel the lingering pain in my head quickly receding.*
Narration: *Some part of me believed I was cursed. That if I talked to anyone, they'd be dragged down into hell with me. But now, it feels like that heavy spell's been broken.*
Narration: *All because of the small words coming from the small mouth of this small woman. I'm grateful to her from the very bottom of my heart.*
Makina: Okay! Time fer a nice blowjob! This should cheer ya up, am I right? Rejoice!
Yuuji: ...Uh, what? The hell're you getting all pompous about? You even done that before?
Makina: One of Ama-nee's teen fashion magazines had a walkthrough, ya know? A special course on devilishly delightful blowjobs, or whatever. I memorized that sucker at a glance.
Yuuji: ...Devilishly delightful...?
Makina: Right, hella delightful. Okay, leave to me. You, lie there.
Yuuji: Why the pidgin Japanese...?
Makina: Never ya mind. Just lie down, 'kay?
Yuuji: Hey now...
Makina: ...Oh goodness. What a splendid, strapping fellow we have here! I wonder if this will even fit in my teensy little mouth? I'll do my best to please you, Papa... so do enjoy yourself, okay...?
Yuuji: ...Did the magazine say to use that line...?
Makina: Yep, that's right.
Yuuji: Talk about a boner-killer...
Makina: But this sucker really is big, ya know? Kinda crazy to think this thing actually fit inside me...
Narration: *Honestly, I think that's less about me being big and more about her being small. But I decide not to voice the thought, as my ego prefers matters as they stand.*
Makina: ...Ya know, when I saw it in th' magazine... I was kinda like, "Bleeeegh, this would take some real guts," but...
Makina: Now that I've got th' real thing in front of me, I think I might almost like it... Doesn't smell too funny or anything...
Yuuji: I see...
Makina: Ya did it real gently last time, but... now that I get a good look at this thing, it's one brutal-lookin' beast... Hey, can I lick it...?
Yuuji: Yeah, feel free...
Makina: Don't mind if I dooo... Om...
Narration: *It's a slippery, warm sensation.*
Narration: *Just minutes ago, we were kissing fiercely enough to leave her lips sticky with saliva. They slide slowly down my penis until I'm enveloped in her mouth. Her stubby tongue immediately struggles to coil itself around me.*
Makina: ...Nn... nnn... nnm... *Slurp*... Sour...! Mnn... nnnn... Papa... yer penis is hella tasty... Nmm... *Slrp*...
Yuuji: ...Uh... I'm pretty sure I heard the word "sour" in the middle there. 
Makina: No ya di'nt! Nnn... *Smack*... Even if ya did... I meant "tashty tart 'oodness!" Nmm... nnfh... *Slurp*... hohaaa...
Narration: *Apparently deciding to break out another trick from that thinly-disguised piece of smut they call a "fashion magazine," Makina pauses for a moment, gathering saliva thickly in her mouth― *
Narration: *Then sucks vigorously up on my dick to deliberately produce a loud slurping sound, all the while staring up into my face to observe my reaction.*
Makina: ...*Blrrrslrrp*... *Shmack*... *Shluuuuuuuurp*... Nn... nngh...! Nn... ah... nnnfh... *Shmack*... *Slurrrp*... *Shlrrp*... *Shlrrp*... *Slurp*...
Yuuji: ...Kuh... Makina... do you have to keep going after the head like that? 
Makina: Mmm... ya like that? Guess I shoulda done this earlier... Mmnh... *Slurrrp*... Hrom 'ow on, just say th' 'ord... an' I'll sucky-suck ya any time... Nnfh... *Smack*
Narration: *It's not like she's particularly skilled in terms of technique. But I have to admit, seeing this brazen, fearless little airhead going to work on me in such a timid and gentle way has some pleasant novelty value.*
Makina: ...Nbu... hoo... Am I... a weirdo...? I'sh my 'irst time doin' this, but... I kinda... nmmm... like it... Mmn... ish sorta... tasty, ya know...?
Yuuji: ...Hoh... seems like you really do have a bit of the slut in you...
Makina: Nmm... *Slrp*... Tha'sh not true... It's because thish is your 'enis, Papa... If it wash 'omebody elshe... I def'ly... nmmm... couldn't do this... I'm yer exclusive cock slave, okay...?
Yuuji: You get that line from the magazine too?
Makina: ...Nuh-uh... that's how I really feel... Ac'shully, it said to keep that sorta thing to yerself, 'cause it'd just weird out your boyfriend...
Yuuji: No kidding...?
Makina: Am I... bad at shucking 'ick? Nngh... *Shllllurp*...
Yuuji: Not at all. I think this might become a habit.
Makina: Hiheheh... yer gonna make me blush... nnm... nn... *Slurp*... Mmkay then, when'ver ya want it just shay th' word... I'll give yer dicky-wicky a nice sucky-wucky...  
Yuuji: ...To be honest... I don't really want to make you do stuff like this that often...
Makina: ...It doeshn't feel 'ood...?
Yuuji: Wouldn't say that... Just knowing that you're doing this gets me stupidly turned on...
Makina: Then it's all good, right? Nnngh... nn... Hey, wanna come...? Hurry up an' gimme a drink... Nhaah... it's gettin' all twitchy... ya ready to come...? Nnn... c'mon, hurry uppp...
Makina: Come in my mouf, Papa... lots an' lots... I'll drink it all, okay...? Hurry up an'... nnngh... nnmn... *Slurrrrrrp*...  
Yuuji: ...Ugh... Makina, don't suck on it that hard... I'm coming...
Makina: Nhah... mmmh... That ya are... Lookit all thish thick, hot shtuff... in my moufh... nnm... mmngh... *Slurp*... mmgh...
Yuuji: Ah... Hey, are you seriously drinking it...?
Makina: Nn... yeah, I mean... th' magazine said... it's bad manners not ta swallow it all... nngh... mmm... Don't worry, I'll get every lasht drop... *Smack*... *Shlrrrrp*...
Yuuji: ...Guh... you're sucking it right out of me...
Makina: ...Puhaah... haa... haa... haa... See...? Look, Papa... I drank it all. Am I a good girl?
Yuuji: Yeah. You're something else, Makina.
Makina: Hihehehehe...
Narration: *Makina laughs happily as I drop my hand on her head and ruffle her hair around.*
Makina: Alrighty then, let's get back to it. I can't wait no more, so hurry up an' jam it in my tiny lil' happy hole!
Yuuji: Uh... look, I don't know... Would it be too much to ask for a slightly sexier way of phrasing that...?
Makina: Sexier...? Uhhm, okay... got it...
Makina: Looky looky, Papaaaa. What's this we have hereeee?  My pussy-wussy... seems to be sooopping wa-het!♪ Bam, check it out... Ya see what I'm talkin' about here?
Yuuji: ...Well, yes, I do...
Makina: Feast yer eyes on this be-yooti-ful pink pussy! Only opened for business a few days ago! Don't you wanna jam it in? Well, go right ahead. Push right on in an' mess me up any way ya like... I won't mind... ahn... mmnh...
Yuuji: Is it just me, or is this less "sexy" and more "slow in the head"...?
Makina: ...Geeez... Women are more popular when they're a little dumb, ya know? Seriously, are ya gonna put that thing in sometime this week or what...? Hurry uuup... Pwease...? 
Yuuji: You don't have to give me the puppy-dog eyes, all right...? Whatever, come over here...
Makina: Ah! We did it from behind last time, so today I wanna try the seated position! Seated, seated!
Makina: I wanna straddle over yer lap and slide down onto yer penis! Then I want us ta hug tightly, rainin' sloppy kisses on each other as you thrust into me from below!
Yuuji: ...You've got a very specific list of demands there...
Makina: Well, yer just gonna have to deal with it! I can't get enough kisses, ya know? I wanna get off while swappin' spit till my face is covered in sticky goop! Is that too much ta ask!?
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah, I got it... Face to face sitting position, right? Here we go...
Narration: *I thrust my hands under Makina's armpits and hoist her up into the air.*
Makina: Uhoh!!
Yuuji: Spare me the "uhoh," kid... You ready? I'm going to lower you down.
Makina: Ah, wait, hold on a sec! Yer positioning's all wrong, ya know? At this rate you're gonna jam it into my butt. Move up a little... Whoopsy-daisy... Okay, let me down...
Yuuji: Here goes...
Makina: ...Higyuuu... Owwwwwwwwwwie!!
Yuuji: You all right there...? This isn't like doing it from behind, you know... Your whole body weight pushes you down, so it probably went in a little deeper than last time...
Makina: ...This might be... a little bad, ya know...? Feels like my body's bein' invaded or somethin'... Yer shovin' up on my womb from below...  
Yuuji: We can just call this one off, if you want.
Makina: ...Nn... I'm fine... Gimme a kiss, Papa... aaaahn... blaaaah...
Yuuji: You're really something else, you know that...?
Narration: *When you're asking for a kiss, shouldn't you pucker up? As opposed to opening your mouth wide and sticking your tongue straight out?*
Narration: *Well, I guess she's probably telling me to go straight to the deep, wet, passionate French kissing, but seriously...*
Narration: *Then again, I guess you could say this fundamental goofiness is part of what makes the girl cute. I obediently stick my tongue into Makina's waiting mouth.*
Makina: ...Nmmgh... nn... nnnh... Papa, I love th' way you kiss me... Gimme more kissy-wissies...
Yuuji: Okay, look... Personally, that sort of sappy baby-talk just makes me feel ridiculous about the whole thing...
Makina: Nnnyu? Mayhaps ya prefer th' tsundere-shtyle inshtead?
Makina: Hrmn... nmmm... D-Don't get the wrong idea, okay!? It's not like I'd do this sort of stuff with anybody! It's only you, Papa! Jerk! But I love ya!
Yuuji: ...Tacking on "But I love you!" at the end doesn't automatically make anything you say "tsundere," kid...
Makina: Papa... dont'cha like kissin' me...?
Yuuji: Yeah, that I do.
Makina: Then it's all good, right? Here, don't my soft li'l stubby tongue feel nice an' softy-wofty? Wanna suck on it some?
Yuuji: H-Hrm. Well, if you insist...
Narration: *I pull Makina's small body forward on my lap to deepen our kiss. Considering her slender, delicate figure, she's got a surprisingly pleasant squishiness to her.*
Makina: ...Nn! Hyuuu!!
Narration: *Naturally, bringing the girl closer means that I'm piercing even further inside her.*
Narration: *I can feel viscous, hot fluid flowing steadily out of her womb as I apply pressure to it with the head of my cock.*
Makina: ...Hey, Papa... don't ferget my boobies... They need kisses too...
Narration: *When I glance down to her chest, I find two perky, upturned red tits staring up at me expectantly.*
Narration: *Might be a little tricky to get at these things while I'm still inside her... Leaning Makina's upper body back, I just barely manage to get my mouth to her chest.*
Makina: ...Nn... ahn... Papa... my boobies feel goood... They're all tingly... That's really friggin' good...
Narration: *The girl's tiny right breast slides easily into my mouth. I can practically hold the entire thing in there.*
Narration: *After running my tongue all over the small mound of flesh, I suck hard on her nipple, and feel the hard little nub go painfully erect inside my mouth.*
Makina: Nnnngh!! Eeek!! Ah... noo! Don't suck on 'em that hard! Yer gonna stretch my nipples out!!
Yuuji: You're one to talk. Seem to remember you doing your best vacuum cleaner impression on my cock five minutes ago...
Makina: Nheee! Ah... fwah! Papa... you're hella good at this... It feels even better than last time...
Yuuji: That so? Maybe you've just gotten a little dirtier...?
Makina: Nn... maybe yer right... Hey, Papa... make me an even dirtier girl, okay...? Gimme some wild-beast style lovin', if ya please...
Yuuji: ...Wild-beast style, huh...? Sometimes you just confuse me... Uh, in other words, you want it a little rougher?
Makina: Indeed! Show no mercy! Take no prisoners! Come at me!
Yuuji: ...All right then, don't mind if I do...
Makina: Hyaaaaaah!! Fwah! No! Papa! It hurts! That hurts!! 
Yuuji: What happened to "show no mercy?"
Makina: I'm sorry! I got carried away! On second thought, a little mercy would be appreciated!!
Yuuji: I see... In that case, I'll take no prisoners in the most merciful possible way... Here we go...
Makina: Naaaaah!! Wha... slow dowwwn!! I'm gonna bweak!! My womb just went "bonk," okay!? You're too deep!! It's makin' this lewd slop-slop kinda sound! Auuuuuu!!
Yuuji: ...Hm, I thought you were starting to get nicely loosened up... Does it hurt?
Makina: Gaw! Au! D-Don't think it really hurts, but... it's kinda... weird... Somethin' deep inside my belly's goin' twitchy all on its own...!
Yuuji: Ah. Well, that's your womb sucking up on my cock to make me come. Just how women are.
Makina: Really...? I'm not weird or anything...?
Yuuji: I'll show you. See, when I push up against it like this...
Makina: Uuuuuuu!!
Yuuji: ...Right, just the reaction I was expecting. And now if I suddenly drag it back out...
Makina: Eeeeeeeee!!
Yuuji: See? Looks like you're perfectly normal.
Makina: ...Uwah... my waist's goin' numb... That feels really good, Papa... Do it again...?
Yuuji: Yeah, we're just getting started...
Narration: *Seizing hold of Makina's waist, I shove myself up into her, a little more roughly than before. *
Makina: Hyaaaaaaaaaaaaah!! Nhah! Ah! Ah! Aaaaaah! It's goin' all the way in, Papaaa!! Aaaall th' way to the back!!  
Yuuji: ...Guh...
Narration: *The girl's vagina is small and tight even at the best of times, and it just shrunk about three sizes. Her walls squeeze wetly against my cock and refuse to let go, begging me to ejaculate.*
Makina: Aaaaaaaah!! Aaaaaaaah!! Shtooop! I'll bwwweaak!! It feelsh too good! I'm gonna...! Nhaaah! Ah! Ah! I'm comin'!! Nheeeee!!! 
Yuuji: ...Gah!! Hold on, Makina! Don't shake your hips! You're squeezing down too hard... If you keep rubbing me like this, I'll...!
Makina: Don't care!! Not stoppin'! You gotta come too, Papa! It's fine! Jus' do it inside...! Gimme the pew-pew-pew all the way up in my business!!!
Yuuji: ...Ngh...!!
Makina: Nhaaah! Ya just came! Uwah, ah! Ah! Yeah! Somethin' just went squirt deep inside my belly... Squirt, I tells ya! Fwaaah! Ah, ish so hottt!!  
Yuuji: ...Ugh...! Hey...
Narration: *Makina's womb glues itself tightly to the tip of my glans, then begins to suck up on me like a vacuum cleaner, trying to drag out the semen still inside my duct.*
Makina: Nheee! Eeeee!! It's hot... My tummy's so hoottt! Ah...! Nhaaaaaah!!
Yuuji: Dammit... To think I'd let the likes of Makina get the better of me... but I'm not done yet!!
Makina: Nhoh! Oh! Oh!! Nhooooh!! No! Shtooop!! I'm still c-comin' right now, okay!?
Makina: Keep this up, and I'm never gonna STOP comin'!! Nnh! Oh! Bumoooooh!!! 
Yuuji: Don't say "bumoh!" Gahah... goddammit! You made me laugh! That's a cheap shot, you little punk!! Take this!!
Makina: Ghhhh!! Eeeeeeee!! No way! Seriously!? Hold on!! Too much!! I'm comin' again!! I'm gonna bweak!! My head's gonna bweak!! Yer killin' my brain shellllssss!!!
Yuuji: Guh... you're really clamping down... This time I'm really going to...
Makina: Come! Come, I say!! Let that penis bloooowwww!! Bumooooooohhh!!
Yuuji: Stop with the damn water buffalo impressions already! Gahah... goddammit! A bit leaked out when I laughed!
Makina: Aaaaaaaaah! Ah! Ah! Oh! Ah! Oh!! Another shot! Ya did it again! Gimme more, Papaaaa!!
Yuuji: Aah, goddammit... whatever... If that's how you want to play it, I'll just... let out the rest all the way inside... Guh...!!
Makina: Nnn!? Ah! Ohoh! Jackpot!! A-Amazin'! Ah! That much!? Yer... fillin' me up...!!
Makina: If ya pump me this fulla come... I'm gonna have like fifty Papa-babies!!!
Yuuji: ...Aaaah!! Contraception!!!
Makina: The heck are you sayin' this late in the gaaaaaame!?!?!  It's baby tiiiiiime!!!! 
Yuuji: Shiiiiiitttttt!!!!!
Narration: *Having gone thoroughly limp in multiple ways, I pull Makina's still-twitching body closer on my lap.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Makina... was today, er... a safe day?
Makina: Na-yop. Super-duper dangerous day. Nice job comin' inside twice in one go! It'll be twins fer sure!
Yuuji: Look, Makina... what're you planning to do if you seriously get pregnant...?
Makina: ...The heck're you talkin' about? Give birth. Duh.
Yuuji: ...Figured...
Makina: Yer gonna be a Papa fer real now, ya know? That means you can't go off an' die like a selfish git anymore.
Yuuji: ............
Makina: ...It's hard growin' up without a dad, you know? Doin' the parent-child relay on sports day with your homeroom teacher an' all... that's pretty tough stuff... Feels like someone's pokin' holes in your heart...  
Yuuji: That's right... wouldn't want to make them go through that...
Makina: Don't worry... you'll always have a woman supportin' you if ya need one... I'll be at your side, okay?
Yuuji: Yeah... sounds good...
Narration: *Looking back, I've been trying to avoid forming deep connections with people for a very long time.*
Narration: *I was just going to end up dead one day anyway. It felt pointless, almost wrong, to go looking for meaningful relationships. Let alone have a child with someone... I didn't even want to think about passing on my defective genes.*
Narration: *But along comes this airheaded little bulldozer of a woman... Yelps "The hell do I care!?" and shoves her way into my life before I even knew what hit me.*
Narration: *So she's going to forgive me my sins even if God can't, huh? Not that it's anything new, but this girl really is absurd.*
Narration: *Even so, I can't deny that this absurd strength is exactly what I needed. Exactly what I'd been looking for, deep down.*
Narration: *There's no point in playing dumb anymore. This tiny little woman saved me. She's given me real courage.*
Yuuji: ...Sounds good, Makina... I'll do my best...
Makina: Yeah, you do that. I'll work my tail off too, okay...?
Narration: *Just as the sparrows begin to chirp outside, the rusty old air conditioner in our window seems to remember its purpose, shaking the curtains as it belches to life.*
Narration: *The bright, clear morning sun slips through the gap and streams into our room.*
Narration: *My head... doesn't hurt anymore.*
Narration: *By the time the sun's risen cleanly above the horizon, my body's starting to wake up. Makina trots over to the corner, unplugs our small fridge from the outlet, then connects the cord for her bread-making machine in its place.*
Narration: *I was just lying in bed spacing out, but watching the girl grinding her plug into the outlet while yelping "Bumooooooh," I can't help breaking into laughter again―*
Narration: *And deciding it's about time I get to work myself, I push my languid body up off the ground.*
Makina: Hokay! Bingo bango bread-o! Alrighty then, thanks fer yer patience! We got us some baked goods!
Yuuji: Nice, bring it here. What did you make for us today?
Makina: Today's a special treat fer my favorite curry fanatic. I baked us some curry bread!
Yuuji: Hrm... looks tasty.
Makina: So what about you, Papa? Whatcha been workin' on over there?
Yuuji: Knitting socks for our baby.
Makina: Hohoh... Do ya usually make socks out of manure ya bought at a hardware store?
Yuuji: That's right. It's a new synthetic fabric made from nitrogenous fertilizer.
Makina: So that's a lie, right?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's a lie. Bring me those two plastic containers lying over there, will you?
Makina: ...Sure, but... what're you doin' with 'em?
Yuuji: I'm filling them up with a mixture of iron powder, vermiculite, and sawdust... then adding activated charcoal and saline solution.
Makina: What kinda socks are those gonna be?
Yuuji: The socks thing was a joke. In any case, let's eat once I'm finished with these.
Makina: Yeah, gotcha.
Narration: *The two of us don't have much in the way of cash on hand right now. Paying in advance for ten days in this room didn't help.*
Narration: *And we can't just start withdrawing cash or swiping credit cards, of course. There's no easier way to track a fugitive than through the movements of their money.*
Narration: *I did have a little bit of a "slush fund" stashed away for a rainy day that the company doesn't know about, but... I left that money with a third party connected to Asako who's helped me out several times in the past.*
Narration: *There's a chance that information might've leaked to Ichigaya through JB, so I can't just wander over carelessly and knock on the front door. With my company as an enemy, it's proving frustratingly difficult to get my hands on cash.*
Narration: *―To be brutally honest, we're a pair of children up against a large organization run by deadly serious adults. I doubt our playground tricks will keep them off our tail for long.*
Narration: *No matter how hard we run, one week would probably be an optimistic estimate. If the cards fall wrong, we might end up being taken into custody today.*
Narration: *In the cold light of day, I can't help feeling that it would've been wiser to cool down and talk things over with JB at length, instead of thrashing around emotionally like this...*
Narration: *But a straightforward negotiation strategy wasn't really an option.*
Narration: *If the Irisu clan was feeling comfortable enough to indulgently hear out a "child" like me, they wouldn't have turned to an extreme measure like assassination in the first place.*
Narration: *For the moment, I simply have no choice but to smack aside our pursuers one after the other.*
Narration: *I've got a feeling today's going to be one hell of a long day...*
Date: *August 21, 2011, 08:45 - "Ichigaya"*
Chiara: Fifteen minutes until raid...
JB: Are all personnel in position?
Chiara: All except the one assigned to the emergency exit. It seems that a bicycle's been abandoned in front of the door... Shall we remove it?
JB: The door won't open unless it's removed?
Chiara: Yes, so it would seem.
JB: Then leave it be. If possible, try to wedge it more firmly in place.
Chiara: Affirmative...
Narration: *Less than twelve hours after the commotion last night - specifically, at five o'clock this morning - there was a misdial directly to my office from an outside line.*
Narration: *Chiara Farrell answered, introducing herself as a receptionist at the fictional company we use to screen all outside calls. A young man on the other end of the line said "I'm sorry, wrong number," then instantly hung up the phone.*
Narration: *Some people are apparently still under the impression it takes time to trace a phone call, but that hasn't been true for decades. Today, everything is managed digitally, so it's possible to retrieve the relevant data instantly via J-WAN.*
Narration: *Our trace revealed that the call had been placed from a public telephone installed in a park in Suginami Ward.*
Narration: *We attempted repeated call-backs immediately after the man hung up on us, but no one picked up the receiver. Agents were dispatched to the site immediately.  *
Narration: *My hypothesis: the person who placed this call was almost certainly Kazami Yuuji. Most likely, the nasty little brat was intending to stand by with a watch in one hand, measuring the time it would take for our agents to arrive.*
Narration: *Should we arrive on scene within ten minutes, he would learn there were active service personnel searching the neighborhood.*
Narration: *If, on the other hand, we were to take longer than thirty minutes, he could conclude that our net had been spread wide and thin.*
Narration: *When your opponent gives your net an exploratory tug, it's only natural to try and use that against him.*
Narration: *Assuming a scenario in which our personnel arrive on the scene an average of seven minutes after the call... even if you began sprinting immediately after hanging up the phone, it would be difficult to cover more than 1.75 kilometers.*
Narration: *Taking into account Kazami Yuuji's athleticism, I arranged for all multi-story architectural structures within a 2000 meter radius of the public telephone to be searched.*
Narration: *Four sites fit this criteria. The JTTC Hirasawa Building, Park View Suginami, Central Tower Higashio, and Sun Avenue Clio. Plain-clothes agents were dispatched to search all of these.*
Narration: *Nineteen minutes later, I sent a dummy agent to put on a show of investigating the telephone itself.*
Narration: *After four minutes of this, an agent spotted Kazami Yuuji descending an emergency staircase on the high-rise apartment Park View Suginami, a building which afforded an excellent view of the park below. We commenced shadowing him.*
Narration: *A full hour of evasive maneuvering around the city ensued. But eventually, he led us back to a lodging facility that seems to be serving as his hideout.*
Narration: *Eleven agents relieved our pursuit team and settled in for surveillance. After three hours, they reported a confirmed sighting of our real target. I drew up a formal proposal for forcible entry and waited for the go-ahead from HQ.*
Narration: *And just about half an hour ago, I received authorization. At present, a special ambush team consisting of 23 members including backup has been deployed around the building. The raid begins in another... ten minutes.*
Chiara: We've successfully evacuated all civilians from the building, including the old woman who runs the place. Ten minutes until raid.
JB: Any sign they've noticed...?
Chiara: The thermo-sensors detect two heat sources remaining inside... One in the far right corner of the room, the other in its very center. Neither has moved in at least the last half-hour.
JB: ...They're not moving...? Any conversation?
Chiara: The laser listening device isn't providing us with much because of the curtains over the window, but―
Chiara: It seems the sounds of a television set are audible even from outside, so it would seem likely that they're watching a program...
JB: ...I don't like this. Let's push the raid back thirty minutes and keep observing...
Otsuka: Don't talk nonsense, Harudera-kun! Just how much do you think it's costing us to completely close down every street in that neighborhood!?
Otsuka: We were fortunate it wasn't a residential district, but if this drags on much longer we'll have to compensate every store and commercial enterprise in the area!
JB: ...But...
Otsuka: There's no "but" here, my dear. I heard the plan you submitted even included an application for helicopters, yes? Just how much of our budget do you intend to blow through catching a single stray dog!? Ridiculous!
JB: Oh please... If that's what you're worried about, why not write up an invoice later? We can pass it over to the NPA, the NPA can hand it over to Nagata-cho, and then Nagata-cho can give it to the Irisu clan. Problem solved.
Otsuka: Excuse me, that's more than enough of that! Please refrain from alluding to such delicate subjects in present company!
JB: In the first place, I believe the plan I submitted called for the application of official by-law article four.
Otsuka: But evacuating the area for the purpose of "clearing unexploded ordnance" would require embroidering matters for the media as well... Didn't you see the directive to handle this without any flashy song and dance routines?
JB: It would also serve as an excellent excuse if the operation were, by any chance, to fail. The situation calls for embroidery!
Otsuka: Look, we'd be waiting here all day if we tried to get a disaster relief operation approved!
Chiara: Five minutes until raid!
Otsuka: All right! Get in there!!
JB: Not yet! For christ's sake, she said five minutes, didn't she!?!
Otsuka: Look, you really don't have to get that angry...
JB: Chiara! Perform the final check!
Chiara: Ah... yes. Raid team, Alpha. Backup, Bravo. Blockade, Charlie. Observation, Delta. Relief squad, Echo. All teams coordinated and in position.
Otsuka: Let me repeat myself, just to make this perfectly clear. Take Irisu Makina into custody without harming her any more than strictly necessary! The girl will be an extremely useful bargaining chip. Prioritize taking her alive!
Otsuka: Should Number 9029 attempt to interfere, you are authorized to suppress him with any force necessary. Relay that to the field one last time.
Chiara: ...Yes. Uhm...
JB: Go ahead...
Chiara: Queen to all cards. Take Alice into custody. If Rabbit poses an obstacle, deadly force is authorized. Over.
JB: ...*Sigh*...
Narration: *For crying out loud... none of this is playing out the way I wanted it to...*
Narration: *We may be part of a ministry instead of an agency now, with a nice sign outside our office, but all we really got out of the deal was a lot of politics and red tape. Our group was far lighter on its feet as a "permanent combat unit."*
Narration: *Admittedly, this is a fairly small-scale spot mission... but I can't even get a surveillance helicopter in the air, let alone airborne early-warning.*
Narration: *My plan was already covered in red pen before it even made it up the chain to the brass, where it was promptly authorized in that mangled form with no alterations whatsoever.*
Narration: *They cut giant holes in my strategy, then dumped it right back onto my desk. I'd at least understand the amateurs in the Irisu family signing off on this, but we're supposed to know what we're doing here...*
Chiara: ...Urgent from Delta team. It seems they've detected traces of explosive material in the area around the building.
JB: More specifically?
Chiara: It's Nitrogen Dioxide. They suspect nitro-explosives of some sort.
Otsuka: Well, that hardly sounds like anything worth worrying about. That lot takes every pack of matches in a briefcase for a weapon of mass destruction. We'll continue the operation as scheduled.
JB: It's too dangerous!!
Otsuka: Look here, Harudera-kun, if you're looking for safe work I would strongly recommend a change of occupation.
Chiara: What should we do...? There's very little time before the raid...
JB: ...Director!
Otsuka: Damn the nitrogen, I'm telling you to go! Now! Commence the raid!!
JB: ...Lovely, my stomach's killing me already...
Chiara: Zero minutes to raid. Team Alpha, commencing raid. Wire trap detected and removed. Entering the building now.
JB: ............
Narration: *Nausea settles heavily in my stomach; at the same time, a hazy uneasiness swirls deep inside my chest. There's nothing I'd like more than to burst out of this room and run away.*
Narration: *The queasiness in my stomach I owe to Director Otsuka's pigheaded rashness. And I more or less understand where the gloominess in my heart is coming from as well.*
Narration: *In any case, I've got a bad feeling about this.*
Narration: *To be more precise, I've got a whole range of bad feelings about this, and not much else.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji is a shrewd man with the instincts of a wild animal. I can't help feeling we caught his tail far too easily. This should be approached as a potential trap.*
Narration: *It certainly looks as though we've cornered him. But even a small shift in events could reverse that dynamic entirely.*
Narration: *No one's as light on their feet as those convinced of victory. And the lighter you are on your feet, the easier it is to knock you to the ground.*
Narration: *I know Kazami Yuuji learned that lesson well. After all, I'm the one who taught it to him―*
Date: *August 21, 2011, 09:00 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *In total darkness, I feel for the backlight button on my wristwatch and push it in. The time's exactly 9:00 AM.*
Narration: *As the watch buzzes softly and emits faint electroluminescent light, I catch a glimpse of Makina's face. Her expression is visibly anxious.*
Yuuji: It's time. You ready, Makina...?
Makina: ...Y-Yeah...
Narration: *Don't grab a rich man or an agent by the tail. That's the secret to living a long life.*
Narration: *Even if you should happen to "coincidentally" discover an enemy spy performing their duties, don't assume you've just made your career.*
Narration: *Agents are often compared to rats or moles, but the single biggest difference between them and your average rodent is that agents are trained professionals.*
Narration: *It's highly unlikely you're going to just stumble across one in the field. Implausibly so. Your first thought should be that they're trying to bait you somehow.*
Narration: *As for the second biggest difference: in the spy population, there are a decent number of "predators" mixed in among the prey.*
Narration: *Agents do more than skulk around and hide. Sometimes, you'll find ones with nasty teeth, lying in wait to ambush you and rip a hole in your net.*
Narration: *In short: never allow yourself to assume the spy you just randomly discovered is a careless idiot. And whatever you do, don't tag along back to his lair all by yourself dreaming of medals on your chest. *
Narration: *The more enticing things appear, the more carefully you need to watch your ass. Success is directly proportional to cowardice. That's how you deal with an agent.*
Makina: ...Hey, Papa?
Yuuji: Hm? What?
Makina: I'm cold...
Yuuji: Deal with it. Nine-tenths of the fugitive lifestyle comes down to toughing it out...
Narration: *I realized the building was surrounded at 7:30 AM.*
Narration: *If there's one thing I know about the brass at HQ, it's that they never miss a meal or a siesta, so I assumed we'd have until after breakfast before the actual raid took place―*
Narration: *And exactly as expected, they held back for precisely an hour and thirty minutes before finally making their move.*
Narration: *During that delay, Makina and I finished all of our preparations, then quickly hid ourselves inside a large commercial refrigerator.*
Narration: *Turns out there's an enormous kitchen in this place, probably a remnant of some forgotten era when it was a hot-spring hotel, and the fridge inside proved equally massive.*
Narration: *A stainless steel refrigerator: in other words, an enormous lump of heat-insulating material. An ideal hiding place.*
Narration: *After emptying the fridge of its contents and pulling out the shelves, Makina and I climbed inside, closing it behind us with a single towel wedged in the door.*
Narration: *This way, we can simply yank on the towel to fling the door open, enabling us to jump out quickly if the need arises.*
Yuuji: ...Battle against time now. Hopefully they'll fall for the trap before we get hypothermia in here...
Makina: Whadda we do if they go in slow an' careful and clean up all th' traps...?
Yuuji: I took countermeasures against that...
Narration: *After every one else in the hotel was quietly evacuated, I went around the building laying traps all over the place.*
Narration: *I call them "traps" only in the loosest sense of the word. They're mostly extremely simple tripwires, and 80% are dummies. Carefully tracing the wire back to its source, you'll find many of them just harmlessly tied around a pillar.*
Narration: *Might sound like nothing but a childish prank, but there are a few elaborate works of art mixed in there as well.*
Narration: *I'm particularly proud of the little number installed on the door of the room we were staying in.*
Narration: *Creeping along toward our room from the front entrance, painstakingly clearing one dummy wire trap, then another, then another, you'll start to feel a little let down despite yourself―  *
Narration: *And then just as you're beginning to think "Are ANY of these things real?," you'll run into that lunch box.*
Narration: *"Lunch box."*
Narration: *Right. Literally a box that once held a lunch. Specifically, the one Amane prepared for us before we left the dorm.*
Narration: *Makina and I enjoyed the food inside last night.*
Narration: *As she washed the empty box, Makina softly mumbled "We can't go give the box back, can we," and I was struck by a thought.*
Narration: *"Lunch box" is standard slang in our profession for a time bomb. Seemed an appropriate choice for a sham threat.*
Narration: *The lunch box, connected to our door by a series of wires, currently contains a fake "bomb" constructed of random odds and ends.*
Narration: *Taking a photograph with an X-Ray camera would immediately reveal the contents to be junk―*
Narration: *But if you arrange it carefully with a few plausible-looking parts here and there, you can produce something that's hard to distinguish from an irregular explosive device covered in unrelated trash.*
Narration: *It's quite common to dump junk on top of the guts of an actual bomb. When the man looking it over says "What, just a dummy?" and opens the lid, it blows up in his face. Nasty prank that agents from the "east" are particularly fond of.*
Narration: *But thanks to those dirty bastards, just sprinkling a little nitrogenous fertilizer over some random crap in a box is enough to leave professionals sweating bullets for a good ten minutes.*
Narration: *Drill a completely meaningless screw or two through the surface of the lunch box, and they'll be pissing themselves for a good twenty. It's an extremely helpful trick in certain circumstances.*
Yuuji: ...Some of the more high-tech bombs these days can detect penetration by x-rays, and others have thermometers that trigger an explosion if you try to use liquid nitrogen to defuse them...
Yuuji: So you carefully disassemble this thing, trembling in your booties, only to discover it's yet another dummy. Had about enough of this crap by now, right? So you throw open the door to the room... where the final trap's waiting for you.
Makina: ...That one you made with my digital pet...?
Yuuji: That's right. Good luck dealing with that one...
Narration: *High-tech toys these days are made of some pretty impressive stuff in their own right. You'd be surprised what they can do.*
Narration: *That digital pet Makina's always carrying around is a good case in point. That cheap-looking plastic eggshell contains a tiny three-axis geomagnetic sensor.  *
Narration: *A little rewiring, and we've got ourselves an extremely precise and low-cost detonator that can be triggered by the slightest movement. The world really is a convenient place these days.*
Yuuji: It all comes down to the eight seconds after the enemy falls for that trap...
Date: *August 21, 2011, 09:12 - "Ichigaya"*
Chiara: Seventh trap removed... It was another dummy...
JB: ...Again?
Otsuka: Aren't all of these things dummies? It's just the pointless floundering of a rat cornered in his hole...
JB: The purpose of the dummies is to make us think that way. We can't let down our guard...
Chiara: Alpha has arrived at the room where the target is hiding. Discovered a lunch box hooked up to the door, now disarming...
Otsuka: What, again!? It's already been ten minutes since this raid began! Just another dummy, isn't it!?
Chiara: ...No. This time, it seems they've been able to detect a faint clock pulse from an oscillator inside the apparatus. Some sort of electronic circuit seems to be active...  
Otsuka: Hrm... so this is the favorite child, is it? Deal with it as quickly as possible!
JB: Is the target still inside the room...?
Chiara: Yes, the heat sources detected by the thermo-sensors indicate he isn't moving yet...
JB: ...I see...
Chiara: Urgent report from Delta... errr...
Otsuka: Oh, what now!?
Chiara: Well, uhm... it appears that the interior of the room where the target is hiding has been rising in temperature...
Otsuka: ...Rising in temperature? What's that about?
JB: Not good!! Get all personnel out of that building immediately!!
Otsuka: What!? Where is this coming from all of a sudden!? Explain yourself!
JB: There's a possibility the target has saturated the room with combustible gas! The terrorist brothers Mario and Antonio used the same trick in '71!
JB: That explosion took out an entire special forces squad along with most of the building, killing eighteen! The building itself is the trap!! Evacuate now!!  
Otsuka: Don't be ridiculous! The target's inside the building! You can't think he plans to blow himself up!?
JB: Mario and his brother survived the explosion by hiding inside a large refrigerator! The target is likely taking similar measures! Look, we can talk later! For now, just give the order to pull out!
Chiara: ...Ah!!
JB: What is it this time!?
Chiara: Alpha has opened the door!!
JB: What!? Hold on...!!
Chiara: We have a situation! It's gas! The room is emitting a large volume of gas!
Otsuka: An explosion!?
Chiara: No, nothing! The gas seems to be a commercial insecticide fumigant! All personnel have finished equipping their masks.
Otsuka: Insecticide!? What a joke! What about the targets in the room!? 
Chiara: ...It seems... the heat sources were the product of chemical reactions inside of a pair of plastic kerosene tanks... Apparently they were serving as makeshift vaporizers for the pesticides...
JB: ...He got us good...
Otsuka: But that means they're still hiding somewhere inside the building. All personnel, begin searching!
JB: Wait. Please allow the gas to disperse out of the building first. Since he made use of vaporizers, his goal is almost certainly a dust explosion.
JB: A gunfight under these conditions could be enough to trigger an enormous blast...
Otsuka: The target likely intends to make use of this confusion to make his escape. It won't be a problem if we don't use the guns, yes? Begin the search at once.
JB: But...!
Chiara: Report from Alpha Leader. He claims to have discovered some variety of toy suspended from the room's ceiling by a string...
Otsuka: A toy...? And what about that warranted our attention...?
JB: Ah... don't tell me...! Hold on! Don't touch that!!
Chiara: ...Alpha! Please reply! This is Queen! Alpha, reply!
JB: ...He got us good... For real, this time...
Otsuka: What are you talking about!?
JB: ...It was a pendulum-type detonator...
JB: Say we set up vaporizing equipment inside a poorly-ventilated room, saturating the air with a smoky mixture of insecticide and particulate dust...
JB: When the door is opened, the particulates stagnant inside the room are ejected outward, and the oxygen necessary for combustion floods in, producing the conditions for a dust explosion...
JB: And if we then hang an electronic toy, capable of measuring angular velocity through geomagnetic sensors, from the ceiling as a detonator―
JB: If we rig the device so that the slightest disturbance in the pendulum's movement would trigger an explosion... Well, you can see the results for yourself...
Otsuka: ...Damn it all... What's the current situation!? Report!!
Chiara: Team Alpha, two wounded. Severity level six, urgent evacuation required. Also, it seems several small-scale fires have broken out on the site. Team Bravo's currently attempting to extinguish them.
Otsuka: What about the target!? Begin searching the building!!
Chiara: Team Delta has just rotated to investigation...
JB: ...Wait. Before that, who are the two wounded?
Chiara: ...Uhhhm, the Alpha Three and Alpha Four pair... They were standing by in the vicinity of the door, so presumably the high-velocity burst of flame from the explosion hit them directly...  
JB: Did you confirm that?
Chiara: ...No... I'll do so immediately...
JB: Be quick about it.
Otsuka: ...Tch... Look here, Harudera-kun, don't we have more important things to worry about than the condition of our wounded?
Chiara: ...Alpha Three and Alpha Four have apparently commandeered a vehicle! They're fleeing the scene! 
Otsuka: What!?
JB: Track them by GPS!
Chiara: They didn't steal one of the specially-equipped vans! The vehicle they took was a material transport, so there's no locator on board! Tracking isn't possible!
JB: What about the observation copter!?
Chiara: OH-1's launch wasn't authorized! We don't have anyone in the sky!
JB: Kuh...! Immediately register the relevant vehicle's numbers with the N-System's wanted-car list!
Chiara: ...Registered! The inquiry's being processed now!
Otsuka: Harudera-kun!?
Narration: *...That's that... We lost this round, plain and simple.*
Narration: *And thus, the Rabbit spirited Alice away, leaving the Cards behind in the dust...*
JB: ...Honestly... I don't think cowardly rabbits come any nastier than this...
Date: *August 21, 2011, 10:51 - Metropolitan Area*
Makina: Looks like we pulled off a clean getaway, Papa.
Yuuji: Yeah. Almost feels like it went too well, to be honest...
Makina: Yer kinduva worrywart, ya know that?
Narration: *The operatives broke into our room, spreading concentrated gas throughout the building, then triggered an explosion via our literally "untouchable" incendiary device. Exactly according to plan.*
Narration: *The roar of the blast was followed by the sound of shattering window panes, then the loud cracking sound of the building itself swelling violently outward. With that as a cue, Makina and I quietly exited our hiding place.  *
Narration: *Flaming particles of dust were still swirling in the corners as we slipped out the room and down the hallway. Ambushing and disabling two isolated members of the panicked raid team took only seconds.*
Narration: *We stripped the pair of their equipment and threw it on over our clothes, covered our faces with their gas masks, then left the building with Makina playing the role of a casualty.*
Narration: *As the relief team rushed over, I picked out the man with the armband of a squad leader, then shouted "There's more wounded inside! We need help getting them out!"*
Narration: *Once the squad had rushed into the building, all that remained was silencing the one member who'd been left behind in the station wagon they were using as a material transport.*
Narration: *Such jobs are usually left to "apprentices" still too green to enter the actual scene of a raid. And when I glanced inside, I discovered a female employee wearing glasses. *
Narration: *The only people who need corrective lenses in our company are total newbies who haven't gotten their mandatory vision- correcting surgery yet. Woman couldn't have been with us for three months. However... she had a truly fine rack.*
Narration: *Just as I began idly wondering if "rude titties" had been added to the selection criteria for the SFGP, it struck me that the dopey-looking chubby-cheeked glasses-girl before me was actually a familiar face.  *
Narration: *―Well, well, if it isn't "Heart Eleven" from last night.*
Narration: *Yes, she was definitely the one and only agent I'd allowed to escape from my little rampage in Shinbashi.*
Narration: *I casually removed my gas mask and whispered a few words.*
Narration: *"Hello again. Thanks for last night―"*
Narration: *The instant she saw my face, Heart Eleven's eyes went big as saucers behind her glasses, and her mouth fell open in a perfect circle. To her credit, she promptly reached out for the PTT button on her radio, but I put a stop to that.*
Narration: *I grabbed her wrist, wrenched it sharply upward, and pulled out the cord of her radio before she could so much as blink. After tying her hands behind her back with nylon cable, I ejected her forcibly from the vehicle.*
Narration: *Leaving Heart Eleven rolling around on the asphalt while yelping like a dog whose tail had been stepped on, we beat a hasty retreat in the station wagon.*
Narration: *The notebook PC inside the vehicle allowed us to call up a map overlaid with locations of N-System cameras and potential checkpoint deployments. Taking care to avoid them, we drove around the city in circles for a good hour or so.*
Narration: *We crossed paths with Motor Patrol Force cars several times during this little expedition, but there was no reaction.*
Narration: *Seems safe to say Sakuradamon isn't heavily involved in this yet. I imagine they provided access to the N-System, but it doesn't look like Ichigaya's given them photos of our faces, let alone requested an official manhunt.*
Yuuji: ...When politics get involved, people sitting right next door to each other can't even manage to keep up a decent line of communication...
Yuuji: All the more so when our "company's" the key player, of course. Honestly... you're both special state agencies, right? The hell's the point of sneaking around all the time...
Makina: Hm? What're ya talkin' about?
Yuuji: Friendship in the grown-up world. There's a lot of bullshit involved. Anyway, let's ditch the wagon in this coin parking lot here. Don't forget anything inside, all right?
Makina: Yusss!
Makina: ...Wait, huh?
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Makina: I forgot somethin'... The apple seedling... I musta left it in th' kitchen at the inn...
Yuuji: What...? Well, crap... we can't exactly run back over there to pick it up...
Makina: ...Oh no... whaddo I do? That tree's really important... I promised Sacchin I'd take care of it... 
Yuuji: It's a shame, but... I don't think there's anything we can do, Makina...
Makina: But Papa, it's a seedling of hope, remember!? We promised... we'd all see each other again when that tree grows up!
Yuuji: I understand. But we can't just casually wander back to the scene of the crime, can we? Even if we did, it wouldn't be there. They must've confiscated it as evidence by now.
Makina: We can't know that until we take a look! You're givin' up before we even try!?
Yuuji: ...That's not what I'm... Shit. How can I explain this...?
Makina: ...Uu... Sorry, Papa... I know I'm bein' unreasonable, but... that tree's...
Yuuji: Yeah, I understand... It's an important tree. For you and me both... It's a seed of hope...
Yuuji: But look, Makina... even if the tree's safe, if you lose your life it's all over. And on the other hand... even if we lose the tree, as long as you stay alive we'll definitely see them again someday... Please understand...
Makina: ...But...
Yuuji: Don't worry too much, all right? If they confiscated it as evidence, it'll probably end up labeled and stowed in some vault. Once they're done investigating, they'll water it to keep it from withering...
Yuuji: I'll find a chance to go steal it back eventually, okay...?
Makina: Yeah... okay. You promise?
Yuuji: Yes, that's a promise... so for now, let's focus on finding ourselves a place to hide out for the night...
Makina: ...Uu...
Narration: *We abandon the nondescript station wagon with the keys hanging out of the passenger-side door.*
Narration: *Not like we left anything inside for a thief to steal, and it's hardly our problem if someone rips out the radio or whatever. In fact, it'd be convenient for us if someone were to steal the whole vehicle and have themselves a little joyride.*
Narration: *Pulling Makina by the hand and trying to ignore the downcast expression on her face, I head down a flight of stairs into a subway station.*
Date: *August 21, 2011, 16:15 - "Ichigaya"*
JB: ...*Siiiigh*... Chiara! Coffee!! Severely caffeinated!!
Chiara: ..."Severely"...? Again, ma'am? That's your eighteenth cup, you know? That can't possibly be good for you...
JB: Hmph... You don't have to pretend to be worried about me!
JB: What's the big deal, anyway? It's got nothing to do with you if I burn a hole in my stomach! Don't get the wrong idea!
Chiara: ...What's with the pointless tsundere-flavor...? Chief, don't you think it's about time for a little break? You're getting a little on the manic side here.
JB: I'm perfectly fine! It's not like you've slept either, now have you?
Chiara: Well, you see, I'm still young...
JB: Aaah... sorry, what? I must be getting up there in years. Couldn't quite catch that. Well, Chiara? Would you mind repeating yourself?
Chiara: Aah... errrm... A refill on that coffee, was it?
JB: Yes! SeVEREly caffeinated!
Chiara: Okay, seriously, what does that even mean? Are you trying to make it your catchphrase, or what? 
JB: I swear... why do I attract sharp-tongued children like bees to honey...? Some kind of curse?
Chiara: Are you talking about me? And incidentally... where did the director run off to, anyway?
JB: Who knows? Presumably the Central Control Room or what-have-you. Wherever he is, I imagine he's currently repeating "This disaster wasn't my fault" like a broken record.
Chiara: ...Just between the two of us... I think I disliked that man from the moment I met him...
JB: Understandable. His face reminds you of Nixon, doesn't it? Just looking at it for too long makes you want to break his ugly nose...
Chiara: ...Is it just me, or did you just blurt out something rather extreme?
JB: What? Did I say something just now...?
Chiara: Ma'am... perhaps a little sleep would be best after all...?
JB: This is hardly the time for that, now is it? If the cards fall wrong, I might end up with a certain someone yelping "Maybe you let him escape on purpose!?" and an accusatory finger shoved in my face...
Chiara: Aaah... that certainly does sound like something our director might do... Here you are, Chief. Coffee. Severely caffeinated.
JB: ...Severely?
Chiara: I'm not the one who came up with that, you know? Seriously, please get some sleep... 
JB: ...And? Any news of 9029's movements after the raid?
Chiara: Ah, right... uhhhm, we have all eighty-two field operatives from headquarters searching, but... presently, his whereabouts remain unknown...
JB: We did find the car he stole, didn't we?
Chiara: Yes. There was a hit on the N-System for a corresponding vehicle at 15:30 this afternoon.
Chiara: Our investigators were quickly dispatched to the scene and successfully seized the vehicle, but the driver was a nineteen-year-old college student. The man in question testified that he had "found" the station wagon.
JB: And he didn't remember the place where he "found" it, yes...? Anything since then?
Chiara: Uhhhhm... at 16:20, an individual strongly resembling 9029 was spotted in the area of Okachimachi Station, but upon closer examination, it was confirmed to be someone else... Since then, we haven't received any updates.
JB: I see... In that case, did we gain any clues from the items they left behind in the inn?
Chiara: Err... one moment, please. We have a list of everything seized from the site... Ah, here it is...
Chiara: The items left behind included various chemicals, presumably used in producing his explosives, and the fertilizer from his decoy traps... and two plastic tanks that served as the containers for his exothermic agent.
Chiara: All of these were apparently purchased at a hardware store in Koto Ward the previous day.
Chiara: In addition, we found the electronic toy he used as a detonator... but the model in question was apparently a four-year-old product, not currently being sold over the counter anywhere. Its provenance is uncertain...
JB: Most likely a prior possession of Irisu Makina's... Anything else?
Chiara: We retrieved a wad of gum from the muzzle of an MP5K-PDW one of the squad members carried on the raid.
JB: ...Gum?
Chiara: Yes. Grape-flavored bubblegum.
Chiara: According to analysis from our investigation team, it seems to be "Bubble King" brand, produced by the Lidobury Japan Company. Kazami Yuuji's DNA was detected in the saliva coating it.  
JB: ...Not that it particularly matters who chewed it... Was there nothing else left behind?
Chiara: Aah... uhm, there was also a single potted plant.
JB: A potted plant...?
Chiara: The old woman who managed the place testified that Irisu Makina carried it in with her. It was discovered in the kitchen.
JB: What sort of a flower is it?
Chiara: Actually, it seems to be a seedling apple tree...
JB: An apple tree...? An apple tree, is it... Hmmm. Anything special about it...?
Chiara: No. It's apparently a commonplace plant you could purchase for around 1500 yen at any garden store...
Chiara: Oh, come to think of it... we had this delivered to us along with the investigation report.
JB: What's that? An envelope? From who?
Chiara: Who knows? It was just sitting there along with the analysis report... There's no sender listed, either. But it is addressed to "Harudera Yuria-sama," see?  
JB: ...Oh goodness. Not a bomb, I hope?
Chiara: Shall I have it looked over?
JB: That's all right... I do think I have a rough idea who this probably came from... 
Chiara: Really? Who?
JB: Since it was delivered along with the analysis, it's probably a letter from the "Professor" in the basement... 
Chiara: A professor in the basement...? Wait, are you talking about that super-genius criminal who's supposedly locked up in our cellar? Huh? Wasn't that an urban legend!?
JB: What, didn't you know? It's perfectly true. How about the UFO base on our rooftop? Surely you've heard about that one?
Chiara: ...Oh, spare me the hogwash, please... More importantly, what's inside that envelope?
JB: ...Well... let's see here...
Narration: *Return the potted plant to its prior location. Also, kindly refrain from burdening me with vapid busywork.*
JB: Whoopsy... looks like the Professor got mad. That's weird... I thought this was a pretty interesting job, personally...
Chiara: Uhm, what on earth is this?
JB: Mmm... good question. I was hoping for a little behavioral-science analysis of this incident, as a basis for speculation on Kazami Yuuji's next move... but I don't get it. Return the plant? What's that supposed to mean?
Chiara: How would I know...? If you take it literally, I suppose it just means to drop off that seedling in the inn's kitchen.
JB: But what that could possibly accomplish...?
Chiara: Okay, why are you asking me? I don't even know who this "Professor" is in the first place...
JB: Well, whatever. Where's that potted plant being kept?
Chiara: All the evidence is currently being stored in the second materials room, but... Huh? You're putting it back where it was!? Seriously!? 
JB: I mean, the Professor told me to, right?
Chiara: Are you for real...? You can't just do that! They're going to get mad at you again! 
JB: It's fine. Nobody can oppose the Professor.
Chiara: ...Huh? Wh... Seriouslyyyy? Don't come crying to me later, okay?
JB: Not to worry...
Narration: *The Professor knows everything.*
Narration: *Every once in a greaaaaaaat while, there might be a minor miscalculation, but... Well, the answers the Professor provides are always roughly correct.*
Narration: *If the Professor says to put the tree back where it was, that must mean returning it will trigger "something."*
Narration: *As to what that "something" might be, I don't have the slightest idea. That's honestly more than a little frustrating. Even maddening...*
Narration: *―But even so, I'll sit on my heels and wait. Because that, too, is part of my job.*

Date: *August 22, 2011, 00:31 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *After several hours creeping around the city, Makina and I chose a love hotel as our lodgings for the night, then had ourselves a modest dinner of boxed lunches from a store in the neighborhood.*
Narration: *Since my tongue's been getting used to Amane's mild cooking lately, I chose the box lunches in the hope they might faintly suggest a similar home-cooking feel―*
Narration: *But apparently Makina didn't care for hers, as she left most of it uneaten. If anything, I might just have exacerbated her yearning for Amane.*
Narration: *Ever since discovering her apple tree was missing, the girl's been in a bit of a sulk. Well... maybe "depressed" is the better way to put it. Her absurd cheerfulness has vanished, and she's grown unusually quiet.*
Narration: *It's not the first time I've seen Makina like this, but it's still a little hard. There's a selfish part of me that wants her to be smiling constantly.*
Narration: *We've got logistical problems as well. Our current cash reserves have dropped below 50,000 yen. Unless we get our hands on some money soon, we won't be able to sustain this fugitive lifestyle.*
Narration: *In the first place, we can't just run around in circles forever. We absolutely need an endgame.*
Narration: *All this means is... I'll have to move the schedule up a little.*
Narration: *Once again, night comes.*
Narration: *As I watch the darkness in the sky grow deeper, it feels as though the black clouds in my mind are thickening as well.*
Narration: *A deep black sky. When night completely covers the world, my head begins to throb with the familiar, painful fear. The devil wakes up. My hand starts to kill people all on its own.*
Yuuji: You asleep, Makina...?
Makina: ...Nn... Mnyu...
Yuuji: ...Okay, I'm going to go take care of business... Wait here and behave yourself, all right...?
Narration: *Well then... let's have ourselves a nice little hunt...*
Makina: ............
Makina: ...Papa...?
Date: *August 22, 2011, 00:35 - "Ichigaya"*
Chiara: ...Urgent from COS019. They've discovered an individual tentatively identified as Number 9029 and are currently tailing him.
Otsuka: What, again...? What is this, the fourth time now? Don't tell me it's yet another case of mistaken identity...
Chiara: Entirely possible. Shall we have him discontinue the pursuit, then?
Otsuka: I didn't say that. Where did Harudera-kun go, anyway?
Chiara: It seems she had an engagement. Shall I call her back?
Otsuka: An engagement? At a time like this? Honestly, I can't understand what that woman's thinking... Farrell-kun, might I have a cup of coffee?
Chiara: No.
Otsuka: ...Uh, what?
Chiara: I'm not a waitress.
Otsuka: Excuse me!? But you're always making coffee for Harudera-kun!
Chiara: That's a purely voluntary gesture taken on my own initiative. My job description doesn't include feeding grapes to arrogant male superiors.
Otsuka: Aaargh, I swear! Backtalk from every corner! Do you all hate me that much!?!
Chiara: Would you really care for an honest answer to that question?
Otsuka: I think I'll pass!! Just forget about it!!
Chiara: Please don't sulk like a child, sir. I'll make you some coffee later if I have the time, all right?
Otsuka: And when's "later" going to be!?
Chiara: Sir, didn't anyone ever teach you not to demand a specific time when someone's being deliberately vague? When you're told "standby for the moment," that means to shut your mouth and wait until you're told otherwise.
Otsuka: Uhm, look... Who do you think I am, exactly?
Chiara: Director Otsuka.
Otsuka: And should you, uh, really be taking this sort of an attitude with the director of your department?
Chiara: Well, why do you think I'm phrasing my sentences so politely!? You're annoying at the best of times, sir, so please don't make things worse by talking nonsense!
Otsuka: ...Uhhhh... Did you just call me "annoying?" Huh? I, er... wait... huhhhh?
Chiara: I'm rather busy, sir, so please go find someone else to play with... Or rather, how about just going home if you have nothing to do?
Otsuka: Even you're giving me this now? My god, it's like I'm talking to a miniature Harudera-kun...
Chiara: Well, I imagine so. She's a colleague I respect deeply, after all.
Chiara: ...Ah...
Otsuka: What is it!?
Chiara: Target lost... We've lost sight of the individual thought to be 9029. 
Otsuka: Lost sight of him...? What's that supposed to mean!?
Chiara: It means our agent is no longer able to determine 9029's whereabouts.
Otsuka: I wasn't asking what the words meant! This agent isn't a damn amateur! I want to know WHY they lost sight of him!
Chiara: They were tailing Number 9029, who isn't exactly an amateur himself. Perhaps that has something to do with it?
Otsuka: Get backup to the scene immediately!
Chiara: That's easy for you to say, sir, but the only people we have in the field right now are three-digit Numbers... half-civilian intelligence operatives.
Chiara: There's no way they're going to be able to deal with a four-digit special agent like 9029, now is there?
Otsuka: Why don't we have any four-digit Numbers in the field!?
Chiara: Have you really forgotten, sir? Just the other day, we sent several of them charging recklessly into a building to get roasted. Our friends at HQ were rather upset... To quote, "We're not kamikazes, damn it!"  
Otsuka: That's... not my responsibility!
Chiara: There's not much point in saying that to me, you know...
Chiara: ...Ah...
Otsuka: What is it now!?
Chiara: COS019, signal lost. I'm afraid he's likely been taken out...
Otsuka: Goddammit!! Why are we using these useless country bumpkins in the first place!?!
Chiara: Ooh, you called a civilian a "bumpkin!" Baaad boooy!
Otsuka: Could you please try to take your job seriously!?
Date: *August 22, 2011, 00:41 - Metropolitan Area*
Yuuji: ...Bad boy... Baaaad boooy... I'll tell teacher... 
Yuuji: That's no good at all... Didn't your instructors teach you to abandon a tailing op the instant you lose sight of your target? And to postpone reporting in until you've reached a safe place...?
Narration: *To COS019, it all seemed to have happened in the blink of an eye.*
Narration: *Just moments before, he'd been following closely as Number 9029 walked away from the station, moving against the flow of drunkards jogging to catch the last train...  *
Narration: *When 9029 melted into a group of young people who'd already given up on getting home for the night, COS019 had clicked his tongue softly in frustration.*
Narration: *He did have a vague sense 9029 had noticed his pursuit, but he couldn't let the man just slip away like this.*
Narration: *Raising his sleeve to his mouth, COS019 began to speak into a hidden microphone, hoping to arrange for another three-digit agent to relieve him. And in that moment of distraction, he lost sight of 9029 entirely.*
Narration: *"Damn! Was he waiting for that!?"*
Narration: *Hurriedly whispering the situation into his cuff mic, he moved his gaze back and forth across the street, but the man in the black suit was nowhere to be found.*
Narration: *It was as if 9029 had simply melted away into the darkness in the split-second COS019 had taken his eyes off him.*
Narration: *Panic surging through his mind, COS019 took a first rapid step toward the spot where he'd last seen his target― *
Narration: *In that instant, there was a soft, purposeful whisper of air from behind, and his spine turned to ice. COS019 had time only for a sharp inhalation of breath before a brutal kick smashed into his knee from the side.*
Narration: *As the joint gave way with a sickening crunch, paralyzing pain shot through his body, and he began to fall. But before he could hit the ground, a knee shot up and struck his chin. Brilliant stars filled his field of vision.*
Narration: *By the time the thought "This is bad" flashed through his mind, he could no longer even stand.*
Narration: *He reached out blindly for the wall, only to have his arm grabbed and yanked upward, immobilizing his shoulder and elbow joints. Completely unable to defend himself, he was smashed face-first against the hard concrete wall again and again.*
Narration: *By the third blow, he was unconscious.*
Narration: *The next thing COS019 knew, he was being dragged roughly down a back alley by his armpits, his legs scraping painfully against the asphalt.*
Narration: *The belt-type harness around his waist with its small GPS locator had been removed. His cell phone had been taken away and turned off, and the radio antenna hidden on the back of his collar had been ripped out...  *
Narration: *His limbs were bound with heavy-duty nylon cords designed for electrical work, and his own necktie had been balled up and stuffed into his mouth as a gag. He felt a vague sense of admiration at the thorough professionalism of his assailant.  *
Narration: *Only half-conscious, the world swimming darkly before his eyes as though he were drowning in a sea of oil, COS019 heard 9029's voice.*
Yuuji: Hmmm... Armani, huh? You foreign capital types do get the nice suits...
Narration: *9029's hand slipped into the breast pocket of 019's jacket.*
Yuuji: You walk around with your ID...? Not like it gets you free train rides or discounts at the movies. You're a little too earnest, buddy...  
Yuuji: A white background with a green border on the photo... Central Security Bureau, huh...? Hmm. You're pretty damn photogenic for someone in this line of work, aren't you? I'm envious...
Yuuji: I just don't get along with cameras, you know? Always comes out looking like the mug shot of an axe murderer on speed... Don't suppose you have any tips?
019: ...Nngh... ngh... ngggh...!
Yuuji: Aah... nah, don't worry about it. I was just messing around... Pipe down now, all right...?
Yuuji: So what, you're working alone? Should be a pair for this kind of work. Where's your buddy? You guys shorthanded?
Yuuji: Well, you know... I don't really want to badmouth my own company, but it's the kind of organization that takes five days to deliver water to the site of an earthquake... We've got ourselves one aggravating employer, you and me both...
Narration: *Pattering away in a soft voice devoid of emotion, 9029 shifted his attention to 019's ankles.*
Yuuji: Hohoh. A Glock, huh? Nice gun. Did your mom buy it for you? Hey, we've even got a spare magazine... Mind if I borrow this for a while?
019: ...Frmm!! Nmgh!!
Yuuji: ...Don't worry, I'll give it back in good shape... Incidentally, I'm going to be using you as live bait, okay? My apologies for the inconvenience.  
Narration: *With a few light slaps to 019's cheeks, 9029 pulled back on the gun's slide, ejected the red dummy plug from the cartridge chamber, then slid in a round of live ammunition.*
Date: *August 22, 2011, 00:52 - "Ichigaya"*
Chiara: ...COS019 just went live!
Otsuka: What!?
Chiara: We're receiving a signal from his GPS locator. I have his current location.
Otsuka: Where is he!?
Chiara: He's currently stationary... transmitting from the same point where we lost his signal earlier. 
Otsuka: Hrm... what is this? Why now...?
Chiara: Who knows? Maybe he's simply regained consciousness...? 
Otsuka: Then why isn't he getting in contact with us!?
Chiara: His cell phone and radio may've been damaged. Well, that's only my speculation, of course...
Otsuka: Where's the backup!?
Chiara: 707 and 106 are currently rushing to the scene.
Otsuka: Only two!? What about the other field personnel!?
Chiara: Those two were the only agents anywhere near the scene. And we've only got eighteen people spread across the entire metropolitan area, you know? Moving anyone else over would open gaping holes in the net...
Otsuka: Ugh... but only two three-digits against a four-digit agent... That's a bad bet any way you look at it...
Chiara: Since it's come to this, why not ask the police to send over a SIT or SAT squad?
Otsuka: Don't be ridiculous! You expect me to beg Sakuradamon to put out a fire that started inside our house!?
Otsuka: God, I'd rather choke. Just the other day, their safety chief sidled up to our internal affairs director and said "Apparently the reserve can't even keep their pet dogs leashed these days?" with a sarcastic little grin on his face!
Chiara: Respectfully, sir, what's that got to do with anything? I mean, why do we have so many enemies in the first place?
Chiara: Making external enemies is one thing, but what kind of operation has its left hand and right hand at complete loggerheads? Seriously.
Otsuka: That's the nature of an organization rich in tradition and character, Farrell-kun...
Chiara: ...707 and 106 have both arrived on the scene... Currently surveying the area.
Otsuka: What's 019's status? Confirm immediately.
Chiara: They've spotted 019... He seems to be tied up... Ah!
Otsuka: What happened!?
Chiara: Gunfire audible from the transmission! Multiple shots fired!
Otsuka: What!?
Chiara: ...Report. Both agents injured. They've sustained disabling gunshot wounds to their legs...
Otsuka: Goddammit!! What a fiasco!
Chiara: Supplementary report... The weapon used was 019's nine millimeter automatic handgun. It seems torn newspaper was stuffed into the muzzle as a silencer.
Otsuka: What about 9029!? Is he still there!?
Chiara: No... it seems he fled the scene immediately. The gun was left behind in partially disassembled condition, with the slide assembly and magazine removed... Awfully thoughtful of him...
Otsuka: Most likely to avoid raising his "Threat Level" through possession of a firearm... Crafty little dog...
Chiara: ...Certainly did a number on us. He turned 019 into live bait to lure out the others... It's a classic sniper tactic...
Chiara: And what's more... after bringing down three, he tore up and discarded the gun, then promptly left the scene... That lack of greed is another hallmark of a professional sniper...
Otsuka: One way or the other, the man's an utter nuisance... Get an incident processing team to the site. Were there any deaths?
Chiara: ...No. 019, 707, and 106 are all wounded, but there were no fatalities. Shall I send a relief squad to the scene?
Otsuka: Yes, you do that... I'll go to the Central Control Room and get yelled at again. Take care of the rest...
Chiara: ...Understood, sir...
Chiara: ............
Chiara: ...No deaths... Does that mean the safety pin's still in place...?
Date: *August 22, 2011, 01:36 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *By the time I finally make it to the hotel, having changed subway trains three times on the way back, it's past 1:30 in the morning. And I'm in bad shape.*
Narration: *My throat's painfully dry, probably from the lingering fever. I try to walk straight, but the walls seem to pitch and swerve around me; it feels like my feet are sinking uncertainly into fluffy cushions. I'm going to collapse soon.*
Narration: *A frozen black lump deep inside my chest, warmed by the heat of my fever, fills my lungs with putrid gas faster than I can spit it out.*
Narration: *It's fine. Happens all the time. I've experienced this many times before. I'll get through it.*
Narration: *Even so, it's been a while since I felt this terrible. I've been stable lately. More stable than I thought possible.*
Narration: *Probably thanks to Mihama. The accumulation of the small blessings I found there. The days that flowed by naturally. That hermetically sealed world where violence had no place.*
Narration: *I've always hated violence.*
Narration: *I'm a weakling by nature. I was made to suffer violence, not to inflict it on others.*
Narration: *When did I change? When did I become what I am?*
Narration: *Just thinking about it makes me feel even worse.*
Narration: *But things are different now. There's one sliver of light in the darkness: I'm protecting something that's precious to me.*
Narration: *That knowledge supports me. I can almost hear someone telling me "You're doing the right thing."*
Narration: *That's right... I don't have to content myself with protecting some abstract concept on someone else's orders.*
Narration: *I have something real to protect now.*
Narration: *Irisu Makina.*
Narration: *For her sake, I have to keep going.*
Narration: *When I get back to the room, I'll drink a glass of water.*
Narration: *And then I'll go the bed where she's sleeping, collapse next to her, and sleep until morning.*
Narration: *Opening our door with my keycard, I slip quietly into the room. I beeline for the small fridge to the side of the entrance and retrieve a plastic bottle of mineral water.  *
Narration: *The pitch-dark room is faintly illuminated in the orange glow of the small light inside the refrigerator.*
Yuuji: ...Makina...?
Narration: *With one glance at the bed, I realize that Makina isn't tucked under the covers where I left her, and my heart constricts painfully in my chest.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Makina... You're just messing around, right? Where are you...?
Narration: *Looking around the interior of our room in a panic, I don't see much in the way of hiding places.*
Narration: *I throw open the door to the bathroom, but Makina's not on the toilet or in the shower. I even open the small closet in my desperation, but of course she isn't there.  *
Narration: *Pulling myself together slightly with an effort of will, I return to the entrance and finally notice that her boots are missing.*
Yuuji: ...She... went out...?
Narration: *But where on earth would she be going at this hour...?*
Yuuji: ...Don't tell me... she...!
Narration: *The conjecture pops into my mind abruptly, quickly solidifying into a powerful premonition. In the next moment I'm on my feet, bursting through the door, and sprinting down the hallway.*
Date: *August 22, 2011, 02:13 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *―Every once in a while, turn back when you're turning a street corner and get a good look at the road behind you. You'll get lost less often on the way back. Papa, my classmate, taught me that.*
Narration: *Even if you're paying attention to the scenery on the way over, things will look different when you're heading back in the opposite direction, so sometimes you'll take the wrong turn.*
Narration: *From a very young age, I'd been doing most of my walking behind others. My sense of direction's never been that good...*
Narration: *So on the way over here from the train station, I've turned around numerous times.*
Narration: *Nobody's following me.*
Narration: *I'm walking toward a familiar bath-house chimney that pokes up above the buildings on either side. Heading for that chimney as a landmark, I'll eventually arrive at the inn where I forgot the apple seedling yesterday.*
Narration: *Papa said he'd figure something out, but I learned from my job at the bakery that an adult should own up to their mistakes and try their best to set things right.  *
Makina: ...Wonder where Papa ran off to, anyway...?
Narration: *Lately, I've noticed Papa slipping out of the room in the middle of the night and going off somewhere.*
Narration: *He staggers out of the room like he's carrying a heavy weight on his back, then returns with his eyes dark and clouded.*
Narration: *I know he must be keeping some big secret from me. And I kinda understand that it's related to sensitive, painful stuff he doesn't want to talk about...*
Narration: *Err... it's a little hard to put in words. Maybe, like, "original sin?" I get the feeling it's a taboo topic, something he wants to keep hidden away forever... and I can't get myself to try and force it out of him, either.*
Narration: *I mean, I understand where's he's coming from. It's just like how I didn't want to drag other people into the thing with my family―*
Narration: *Papa must have some old wounds of his own. And I think they're still pretty raw. Still bleeding.*
Narration: *Someday, I want Papa to trust me enough to tell the whole story. I want to accept everything about him, even his past, just like he did for me...*
Narration: *But no matter how much I want to help him, I don't really have any specific plans. Right now, comforting him with my body's the best I can do. It's frustrating.*
Narration: *...I thought staying a child would mean someone would always protect me.*
Narration: *Even though I made a choice not to grow up, right now I want nothing more than to become a wise, mature woman who can heal any wound...*
Narration: *So looking back, I guess Ama-nee wasn't just talking nonsense when she said "Women change when they find themselves a man."*
Narration: *Papa's probably going to be mad if he finds out I slipped out of our room without asking him first.*
Narration: *I don't want him to be angry at me, of course― but it'd be even more painful to push yet another burden onto his back.*
Narration: *When I realized I'd forgotten the apple tree, Papa was kind and supportive, and told me we'd definitely get it back someday. But that kindness was more painful than anything else.*
Narration: *If I just let Papa keep spoiling me like this, I'll definitely become a useless burden of a woman, unable to do a thing but sit and watch. Just like last time.*
Narration: *I'm going to fix my own mistakes.*
Narration: *I'd figured breaking into the building would be the trickiest part of this operation, but as it turns out, I got inside so easily it was almost unsatisfying.*
Narration: *They just stuck some thick yellow tape over the gaping holes where the front windows used to be, and the old lady and her customers obviously aren't around anymore. There weren't any lookouts watching the entrance, either.*
Narration: *I head straight to the kitchen with my LED penlight in hand, but the potted apple seedling isn't on the counter where I left it.*
Makina: ...Uu... I wonder if those Ichigaya people took it like Papa said...?
Makina: But... if it's not here, then at least I know it has to be somewhere else... so it's not a wasted trip, right...?
Narration: *Now I've got a bunch of new questions to worry about, like who took it and where, but at least I've confirmed there's nothing I can do right now.*
Narration: *Guess I'm just putting off the issue, but at least that powerless feeling of watching TV without a remote control's gone.*
Makina: ...Nothin' else I can do... Better hurry back to th' hotel before Papa comes home...
Investigator　A: Hey! What're you doing there!?
Makina: Ah! Uhm... err...
Narration: *"Crap, they found me!!"*
Narration: *Estimated age: late 30s. Height: about 170 cm. His hair's smoothed down to the back. Dark sunglasses. A pedo mustache.*
Narration: *Wearing a cheap, nondescript suit missing a button in the front, and a blue paisley necktie. A pair of worn-out old loafers on his feet. Unusual way of standing with his left shoulder a little lower than his right.*
Narration: *...If what Papa told me was on the level, then this guy must be―*
Narration: *"...CIA...?"*
Investigator　B: ...Hey, what's going on?
Investigator　A: Uh, it looks like a little girl just wandered in here...
Makina: ...Uu...
Narration: *Not good. Now there's two of them. My "sexy ninja techniques" probably aren't going to get me out of this one...*
Narration: *At times like this... errr... lessee...*
Investigator　A: ...Hey, kiddo, what are you doing in a place like this? Are you by yourself?
Makina: Uhm... well, I'm... err...
Narration: *What do I do? What can I do? Uhmmm...*
Investigator　B: Hey, hold on... Is that kid the mark? Irisu Makina...?
Investigator　A: ...What? Uh, hmm... Hey, kiddo, there's nothing to be afraid of. Could you tell us your name for now?
Makina: Uhm... wellllp...
Narration: *Okay. Can't waste any more time hesitating.*
Makina: Helllp meeeeeeeee!! Tunafish maaaaaaaaaan!!
Investigator　A: ...Wha!?
Narration: *As I scream the words, the tension that had frozen my muscles in place loosens, and I feel hot blood pulsing through my veins.*
Makina: ...(Hoooooo!)...
Narration: *After refilling my lungs with a great gulp of air, I lightly toss the penlight in my hand at the face of the man standing in front of me.*
Investigator　A: ...Wha-!? You... Hey!!
Narration: *His eyes open wide for a moment, instinctively following the projectile's trajectory toward him. I use that one distracted moment to close the distance between us.*
Investigator　A: ...Gh!?
Narration: *Just as he's reaching out his hands to catch the small flashlight, I line up a headbutt aimed at his lower abdomen. In one smooth movement I smack directly into his solar plexus at full force.*
Narration: *The body blow takes the man completely by surprise, and he drops to his knees. I instantly grab hold of his head and swing my knee up savagely to meet his nose.*
Investigator　A: ...Guh!!
Narration: *He hits the ground with a heavy thud. Without a moment's delay, I launch a hard kick to the throat as the finishing blow.*
Investigator　A: ...Ugh!!
Investigator　B: What the―!? ...Shit!
Narration: *It takes a moment for the other man to realize his partner's down in the darkness, but he's soon reaching inside his suit toward the left armpit.*
Makina: Please help me!!
Investigator　B: ...Wha...?
Narration: *Switching right back to victim mode, I scream tearfully for help, causing the second man to hesitate slightly as his hand grasps the stock of his gun.  *
Narration: *I promptly duck and tumble across the floor. I'm behind him before he can blink.*
Makina: ...Hnfh!!
Investigator　B: ...Gwah!?
Narration: *Hurling myself at the man's back, I twine my legs around his torso, slip my right arm in front of his neck, and hook my wrist into the crook of my left elbow. My left hand finds the back of his head and pushes it firmly forward.*
Investigator　B: ...Gahah!!!
Narration: *As the pressure cuts off the flow of air to his lungs, the man quickly shoves a hand in between my slender arm and his neck, but he doesn't have the leverage to break my stranglehold.*
Makina: ...Sleeper hold... an' push with the head!!
Narration: *I press my forehead down against the back of my left hand, intensifying the constant pressure I'm applying to the back of his head.*
Narration: *I'm not strangling him with my arm; I'm holding the arm steady and using the principle of leverage to crush his neck against it.*
Investigator　B: ...Gnnnghhhhh!!!!
Narration: *There's a nasty rattling sound coming from the man's neck. The more he struggles, the more his tightly his neck is constricted. The pressure to his carotid artery quickly brings him to the edge of unconsciousness.*
Investigator　B: ...Kah...! Gah! Kahah!!
Narration: *The man slaps weakly on my arm as if to signal surrender, but this would all be wasted effort if I let him go now. Papa taught me to slowly count out seven full seconds after your opponent goes limp before you let go.*
Makina: ...One... two... three... four... five... six...
Narration: *Guess we're good now?*
Narration: *I loosen my strangling grip on the man's neck. And in that moment, I hear a sharp sound. *
Makina: ...Gh!?
Narration: *Two impacts from behind, like powerful kicks to my lower back.*
Narration: *I stumble away from the man I'd been grappling with, now collapsed on the ground―*
Narration: *And turn to find my first opponent sitting up. Bleeding heavily from his broken nose, massaging his throat with his left hand, a smoking pistol clutched in his right.*
Makina: ...Ah... huh...? No way...
Narration: *Did I get... shot..?*
Narration: *It's too dark to see, but there's a cold, empty feeling around my waist. Like someone's forced a huge chunk of ice into my body.*
Narration: *When I reach down to touch it, my hand finds a patch of slick dampness. I hold my fingers up to my face for a better look. They're covered in sticky, viscous red blood.  *
Makina: ...Ah...
Narration: *A dark stain begins to spread out across my clothes from a spot near my hips. I can feel the blood gathering thickly between my skin and the fabric, forming a lukewarm little pond.*
Narration: *This is bad. It's not stopping.*
Narration: *My legs give way from sheer terror, and I fall to the ground.*
Makina: ...No way... This can't be happenin'...
Narration: *Aw, crap... I screwed up big time... Never thought... I'd get shot this easily... Papa's... gonna be so mad at me... *
Investigator　A: ...Don't push... your luck, kid... Gahah... *Hack*...!
Narration: *Aah, I get it... I didn't finish him off properly... That's why it turned out like this...*
Narration: *Guess you tend to be... a little soft about that sorta thing... until you get some real experience under your belt, huh...? Good ta know...*
Investigator　A: ...Goddamn brat...! Someone needs to teach you a lesson...!
Makina: ...Uu! ...Ah...!
Narration: *It... really hurts...*
Narration: *Aah... this sucks... I'm gonna die like this...?*
Narration: *In the end... I couldn't do a thing... couldn't solve any of my problems... Just ran around in circles for a while... and got killed like an idiot...*
Narration: *Why was I even born in the first place...? What a downer...*
Makina: ...No... No, I... I don't wanna die... Papa... help me, Papaaa...
Yuuji: ...It's all right. Human beings are made of sturdy stuff... You won't die that easily...
Investigator　A: ...!? 9029!?
Investigator　A: ...Ah!! Gyaaah!! Gahaah!! Gfh...! Sto...! S'oooop!! Gyaaaaaaaah!!
Yuuji: Aaah... Goddammit, my head's killing me... This isn't good enough... Not nearly good enough...
Narration: *―Cold murderous hatred swirls through my mind like a vortex of black mud.*
Yuuji: Hey... this hurts, doesn't it? Getting smacked around hurts... right?
Narration: *Wonder what kind of expression I'm making right now...?*
Narration: *I think I'm probably smiling.*
Yuuji: But you know, it's hard to really understand that pain until you're the one getting smacked...
Narration: *You couldn't understand the pain others felt, old man... That's why you could smack Mom around without a second thought...*
Narration: *...Does hitting people... really feel that good...?*
Narration: *Well... I do understand. I'm your child, after all...*
Narration: *See... I'm smiling, aren't I...?*
Narration: *I'm the same as you... Irredeemable scum... hurting people to make myself feel better...*
Yuuji: In the end... I'm still your son, old man...
Narration: *This right here is a sickness... And there's no cure... You and me, we'll hurt people until the day we die... It's the nature of our disease...*
Narration: *Here's how it's going to work... I'll stop you... as many times as it takes... *
Yuuji: It's fine... Don't worry. Someday, I'll find some kind soul to put a stop to me as well... So for now... you just go ahead and wait on the other side, Dad...
Narration: *That's right... I've got to kill... I've got to kill him...*
Narration: *Otherwise... someone else I love will die...*
Makina: ...Papa... Stop...!
Yuuji: ...Hah?
Makina: ...Stop... You can't... kill him...
Yuuji: Aah... right... Sorry, Makina. Got a little carried away there... Does it hurt?
Makina: ...Yeah... it hurts... so bad I wanna cry...
Yuuji: Hold on... I'll stop the bleeding now...
Makina: ...Ughh...!!
Yuuji: That hurts, huh...? Well, of course it does... but that's a good thing... Means your body can tolerate the wounds... It's all right. You're not going to die...
Makina: ...Heheh... I got two new happy-holes now...
Yuuji: Looks like 9 millimeter silver tips... Both bullets passed through. The blood's clean, so it didn't hit your kidney... I'll get you to a hospital right away... Just tough it out for a little while...
Makina: Okay... but... I don't really... like hospitals... They'll prob'ly... lock me up in there for years again...
Yuuji: Don't worry... I'll get you out once you're better... Here, think you can get on my back?
Makina: ...Nn... I can't hold on... Carry me, Papa...
Yuuji: You really are spoiled rotten, Makina...
Yuuji: Just hang in there... I'll get you treatment right away...
Makina: ............
Yuuji: Hey, respond... If you fall asleep, your heart's going to stop beating... Hey, Makina...?
Makina: ............
Yuuji: ...This isn't happening...
JB: ...Put the girl down.
Yuuji: ...JB...
JB: She's going to die at this rate. Hurry up and put her down...
Yuuji: Not happening... I won't give Makina to you... I'm taking her to the hospital...
JB: That's not an option. She won't last that long. Put her down now!!
Yuuji: ............
JB: Yuuji!!
Yuuji: ...All right...
JB: ...You've stopped the bleeding, right...? I'm going to give her epi-anesthetic injections to the arm, leg, and the wounded area... Take off her right boot and sock...
Yuuji: ...Fine...
Makina: ...Uu...
JB: You may feel a little sick to your stomach, Makina... but don't vomit, all right...?
Yuuji: ...JB... what are you doing here...?
JB: I came to return the potted plant...
Yuuji: ...The potted plant...?
JB: You two were on the run, but you still carried this thing around with you. That means it must've been pretty important, yes...?
Yuuji: Yeah... that's right... Makina came here to get that tree back...
JB: ...What sort of a tree's more important than your life? How childish...
Yuuji: You don't... have anything that matters more to you than your life, JB...?
JB: ............
Yuuji: That tree's precious to Makina... and Makina's... precious to me... 
Yuuji: But... we failed... Makina and I both...
JB: It's all right. So long as you're alive, you can try again as many times as you like... you and Makina both...
Yuuji: ...Makina...
Narration: *I don't believe in God.*
Narration: *I prayed to him constantly as a kid, and never got a thing to show for it.*
Narration: *But right now, there's nothing else I can do.*
Narration: *There's nothing I can do but hold her hand tightly and pray to that rotten bastard.*
Narration: *"Please... I don't care what happens to me anymore, just save this girl... I'm begging you..."*
Makina: ...Pa...pa...
Narration: *I watched the tears stream down Papa's face. I watched him squeeze my hand between his, as if to pray. And I felt my chest grow warm...*
Narration: *"Aah... so this is... family." With that thought, something like contentment filled my heart.*
Narration: *Years ago, I was kidnapped. My father was murdered before my eyes, and I spent days locked up with his corpse...*
Narration: *After my rescue, I awoke in a hospital bed. My mother and grandmother were in the room with me.*
Narration: *I'd come back alive, against all the odds... And when they looked at me, they couldn't hide the disgust in their eyes...*
Narration: *"Why are you still breathing?"*
Narration: *Neither of them spoke, but the words were written on their faces...*
Narration: *Should my kidnapping and safe return become public knowledge, the world would learn that they'd abandoned me and used my sister as a body double.*
Narration: *Grampa had slowly built up our political influence. Grandmother had fought tooth and nail to protect our silent dominance of the financial world. Both would crumble in an instant under the weight of such a scandal.*
Narration: *To the Irisu clan... I was an ugly piece of dirt that had to be swept under the rug. Even a child could see those "grown-up circumstances" reflected in their warped expressions...*
Narration: *But even so... no matter what... the woman in front of me was still my mother...*
Narration: *I had to tell her... that Papa died protecting me...*
Narration: *My arm felt as heavy as lead, but I reached out to her. My throat was dry as sandpaper, but I spoke to her.*
Makina: ...Mom...my...
Narration: *My voice rasped out hoarsely. My arm wavered weakly, thin as that of a corpse. And my mother flinched away.*
Kiyoka: ...Eek...
Narration: *She couldn't stifle her shriek entirely. She looked at me as though I were a monster.*
Narration: *But there were doctors and nurses nearby. She couldn't just ignore my outstretched hand in front of an audience.*
Narration: *And so, my clean-freak mother covered her hand in a handkerchief and took mine. As though she were touching a piece of garbage.*
Narration: *Was this really the hand of the woman who gave birth to me...?*
Narration: *It was so cold to the touch.*
Narration: *...In comparison to that, Papa's hand feels so very, very warm... *
Narration: *I can't manage much of a grip right now, but I squeeze back as best I can.*
Makina: ...Papa...
Yuuji: Yeah... I'm right here, Makina...
JB: ...She still seems a little out of it, but the epinephrine's slowing the blood loss... We can safely move her now...
JB: ...The roads should be empty at this hour. My car will be faster than an ambulance. Get the girl inside, I'll call and have them find us an ER who can take her.  
Yuuji: ...Thanks. I'll leave the rest to you, JB...
JB: You're coming too! You can't mean to abandon her and run off by yourself!? 
Yuuji: ...Once she's in the doctors' hands, there's nothing more I can do...
Yuuji: And your car's only a two-seater anyway, JB...
JB: Wha...! Hold on, Yuuji!! Yuuji!?
Narration: *...That's right... Even if I were to follow, there's no longer anything I can do for her...*
Narration: *In that case... guess I'll just have to focus on... the things only I can do, JB... *
Narration: *.........*
Narration: *.....................*
Narration: *..........................................*
Narration: *―Two weeks later.*
Date: *September 4, 2011, 13:30 - "Ichigaya"*
Chiara: ...Here's your coffee, Chief...
JB: ...Ah. Thank you, Chiara...
Chiara: Is it just me, or is your skin getting awfully rough lately? That has to be stress, you know?
JB: Yes, I'm aware... but there's not much I can do about it at the moment, now is there...?
Chiara: The last two weeks have been pretty hectic, after all...
JB: ...Any new information concerning the whereabouts of Kazami Yuuji?
Chiara: No, nothing you haven't heard already... As always, he seems to be lying low in the city, moving from place to place.
Chiara: The last conclusive sighting was around four in the afternoon four days ago, in the underground shopping center in Shinjuku Station.
Chiara: We managed to keep a tail on him for twenty minutes before he disappeared into thin air. When the man's alone, it really is like chasing a ghost...
JB: ...That's how he was trained, after all.
Chiara: But even if it is partial, we have Sakuradamon's cooperation now. There are, what, six hundred investigators throughout Tokyo keeping an eye out for him? Why can't we catch him?
JB: ...Because we're taking things very cautiously. So long as we don't pick a fight with him, he won't be retaliating against us...  
Chiara: ...It's like some traumatized Vietnam vet holing up in the mountains or something... Shall we try chasing him into a sheriff's office and talking him down through a bullhorn?
JB: The brass doesn't plan on talking... In the end he's just a high-priced piece of disposable goods. Even if he isn't obsolete yet, broken equipment gets dismantled and tossed in the garbage...
Chiara: Number 9029's initial two-year field term expired, but... he enlisted for a four-year term as a non-commissioned "acting officer" after the dissolution of his unit... so, err... he still owed us another year and a half, yes?
JB: There are who knows how many thousands of agent candidates in our files. Our executives view anyone as replaceable, so long as they have another piece of paper to shuffle into the vacancy...
JB: They're quite convinced that agents have no more value than a single sheet of paper. They don't think twice about crumpling one up and throwing him away...
Chiara: What a waste. After all that effort we invested in raising him... And don't they say a true veteran is worth a dozen fresh faces? 
JB: Even the best-trained war dog either dies or goes mad in the end. And if we hadn't taken this one in, he probably would've gone mad years ago... Easier to resign yourself if you look at it that way, right?  
Chiara: Are you really all right with this, Chief? Is that logic really good enough for you?
JB: Of course not... but the fact of the matter is, I can't do a thing. No matter how much love a soldier offers their country, the country never loves its soldiers...
Chiara: ...That's a sad way of looking at it...
Chiara: Aah, come to think of it... What's going on with the Irisu Makina situation?
JB: For the moment, she's still officially in our custody. The assassination order remains indefinitely suspended...
JB: You are aware she was transferred by ambulance two days ago from the hospital in Taito Ward to Matsuzawa Psychiatric in Setagaya, yes?
Chiara: ...Aah... Once you go in that place, rumor has it you never come out again...
JB: That hasn't been true since before the war.
Chiara: Okay, so we moved her to a different hospital, but... is she still sleeping constantly?
JB: Yes, more or less... It seems she's been waking up every once in a while, but the girl spends the vast majority of every day asleep or semi-conscious...
JB: It seems that her mother's paying her first visit today, so I suppose I'll be heading over there as our representative... I'm curious about how they intend to deal with her, as well.
Chiara: It's been two weeks since the girl was hospitalized, right...? Her mother sure took her time.
JB: Well, that's how little Makina means to the Irisu now, I suppose... It's certainly far from a pleasant story, any way you look at it.
Narration: *Yes... far, far from a pleasant story...*
Date: *September 4, 2011, 15:30 - Hospital*
Kiyoka: ...Makina, wake up. It's your mother. Makina...
Makina: ............
Kiyoka: Uhm, Harudera-san. Is the girl really alive...?
JB: Yes. She received appropriate first-aid treatment at the scene, and the surgery afterward was a success as well.
Kiyoka: ...But she was shot with a pistol, yes?
JB: Two bullets struck her in the lower flank, but fortunately there was no damage to her internal organs.
Kiyoka: In that case, why isn't she waking up...?
JB: According to the doctors' diagnosis, there's likely a psychosomatic element to her condition. Accordingly, we had her transferred to this hospital.
Kiyoka: I suppose that means she will open her eyes eventually, yes...?
JB: ...That's correct. Although it's irregular, the monitors have apparently recorded several occasions on which she woke up in the middle of the night. Long-term treatment will likely be necessary, but they believe she will recover...
Kiyoka: ...Good lord, again? It's the same as when her father died... How many years will she spend lying around in a hospital bed this time? 
Kiyoka: Well, not that I'm particularly complaining. I suppose it saves us some hassle...
JB: ...Uhm...
Kiyoka: Aah... There's no need to be concerned. We'll be covering the hospital fees and any other relevant expenses.
JB: ...No, that's not what I...
Kiyoka: Should Makina stay asleep like this for another three years, she will be completely divested of her rights of inheritance. It might be the best thing for her, really...
Kiyoka: But come to think of it... I suppose that scenario poses us a bit of a problem in its own right...
JB: A problem...?
Kiyoka: At present, Makina's sister Sarina is serving as the head of the Irisu as a proxy for the legal heir...
Kiyoka: But as I'm sure you're aware, Sarina was gravely wounded in a brutal attack orchestrated by a malicious faction within the main family...
Kiyoka: It was quite a shock to us all, I assure you. Particularly to my own mother...
Kiyoka: I have to admit I found it satisfying to see that tediously hearty old woman finally wither before my eyes, but... as a mother myself, it's somewhat troublesome to have both of my daughters out of order.
JB: ...I'd imagine...
Kiyoka: I suppose either of the two recovering would be adequate, but... to be honest, I don't have particularly high hopes for Makina at this point... 
Kiyoka: Makina's body wasn't... Uhm, you did say her internal organs were undamaged, didn't you...?
JB: ...You can't be suggesting...
Kiyoka: As I said, Sarina is gravely injured, and her condition has deteriorated. She's in urgent need of an organ donor. Given the circumstances, perhaps we could have Makina lend her a few?
JB: Please stop...! Makina-san is in a stupor, but her ears are perfectly functional! Speaking carelessly could have serious―!
Kiyoka: Oh, is that so? Makina, can you hear me? That would make this easier.
Kiyoka: ...Tell me, Makina. Would you be willing to donate your organs to save Sarina's life?
Makina: ............
Kiyoka: ...You can hear me, can't you? Makina...?
Makina: ............
Kiyoka: ...No response. It's like talking to a corpse...
Kiyoka: When both of your daughters are all but dead, I think it's only logical to sacrifice one to save the other, where possible... But tell me, Harudera-san, do you have any thoughts on the matter?  
JB: ...I'm not qualified to make such a judgment... I must decline to answer.
Makina: ............
Narration: *...Oh, I get it. So that's why they kept me alive, huh...?*
Narration: *But... sounds like I'm just gonna end up being killed anyway...*
Narration: *After my death, they'll take the organs out of my body, transfer them into Sarina, and help her get better...*
Narration: *...Maybe this is how it should be...*
Narration: *Instead of just dyin' to protect a bunch of selfish grown-ups... if I die savin' someone else's life, I bet I'll be able to go up to heaven... where Papa's waiting...*
Narration: *That way I can see him again... and apologize.*
Narration: *I'll tell him... "I'm sorry I couldn't do anything but watch..."*
Narration: *And I'll tell him... "Thank you."*
Narration: *I'll tell him... that because he sacrificed himself to save me, I was able to meet my current Papa... Kazami Yuuji...*
Narration: *It was... really fun...*
Narration: *I'll tell him... all about how much fun it was...*
Kiyoka: Say, what if I were to stop this machine right now? Would the girl die, perhaps?
JB: Please stop!! Even if you are her mother, that's a crime!!
Narration: *...Hey, Mom...*
Narration: *Tell me something... Do you have any friends?*
Narration: *Real friends. The kind who can't be bought with money.*
Narration: *How many friends worth bragging about do you have in your life...?*
Narration: *You know what...? I made lots of friends at Mihama Academy... Friends who made every day fun...*
Narration: *...I'll have to... tell Papa about that, too...*
Kiyoka: ...Incidentally, about that boy who was running around with her... Err... what was his name again?
JB: ...You mean Kazami Yuuji...?
Kiyoka: Yes, that's it. Kazami Yuuji-kun. Have you captured him yet?
JB: No... But we're making every effort to find him...
Kiyoka: What a troublesome boy... He was your pet dog, wasn't he?
JB: Yes...
Kiyoka: He has a fairly attractive face, and he certainly knows how to introduce himself, so I didn't particularly dislike him on a personal level... but I'm afraid those eyes are another matter entirely. They're the eyes of a murderer...
Kiyoka: He's clearly quite the rebellious sort, despite his utter powerlessness. Well, such is the nature of youth, I suppose... But nonetheless...
Kiyoka: I'm afraid that reckless youth may mean the boy's capable of anything. It's somewhat unsettling to have him scurrying around...
JB: ...Yes...
Kiyoka: Catch your dog, then have him put down. Or thrown into a fish factory on some isolated island. Whatever it is you people do.
JB: ...We'll bring all of our resources to bear...
Kiyoka: I would appreciate that.
JB: Of course...
Narration: *...Yuuji...*
Narration: *Where are you... and what are you doing...?*

Date: *September 4, 2011, 18:43 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *―As the sky grows red and frail lines of cloud creep to the east, I catch the scent of curry on the breeze. Must be coming from some house in the neighborhood.*
Narration: *It's a mellow, calming smell. Lulls your mind to sleep.*
Narration: *When pressed to name a favorite food, I answer "Curry" almost by default, but I don't remember exactly when I came to like it.*
Narration: *Might just have been that the stuff's reliably edible no matter where it's coming from...*
Narration: *But I think there was probably more to it than that. I think something about the warm, simple domesticity of curry powerfully appealed to me.*
Narration: *I walk quickly away, escaping the peaceful scent leaking out of some family's kitchen. By the time it's faded completely, I've found a small park suitable for a brief rest.*
Narration: *There's a single light van parked on the road just outside the park. Looks like a commercial vehicle.*
Narration: *As I enter the park, I casually glance at the logo on the door and the license plate in the back, but it doesn't seem to be one of our unmarked vehicles.  *
Narration: *Peeking briefly in the side window, I find the driver lying back with his seat down, a popular weekly magazine folded over his face.*
Narration: *There are a number of large cardboard boxes in the luggage space behind the man. Inside one with an open lid, I can make out a number of new-looking deep blue work uniforms.*
Narration: *Probably just a slightly sleep-deprived employee of a normal company. Must've stopped to take a quick nap and ended up sleeping right through to evening.*
Narration: *"...Nothing to worry about, I guess..."*
Narration: *My hand, still clenched in my pocket, isn't oozing cold sweat. And I've got a pretty sensitive nose for danger. *
Narration: *Back when I was a rookie, it was so pronounced that I'd flinch in fear at the shaking of tree branches in the wind. My pulse raced every time someone walked toward me. I was half-convinced they'd shoot me dead as we passed each other by.*
Narration: *But in time my nose adjusted to the field. To that ever-present prickling tension in the air. And my sense of smell grew more precise.*
Narration: *I stroll into the park, taking in my surroundings by pretending to look for someone, then drop myself heavily down onto a wooden bench.*
Narration: *It's already 6:45 by the watch on my left wrist. This would be the first time I've gotten off my feet in around nine hours. As you might expect, I'm slightly fatigued.*
Narration: *It's not going to be long before it gets dark out and my head starts throbbing again. Have to find myself some place to lay low before night falls.*
Narration: *These last few days, I've just been catnapping in late-night movie theaters and soaking in saunas for a few hours. Can't say I remember eating any solid meals, either.*
Narration: *Come to think of it... the last time I ate was probably at that beef bowl place yesterday. A full twenty-four hours ago by now.*
Narration: *I'm still managing to change my underwear every once in a while, but the suit I bought soon after we hit the road is getting pretty shabby-looking by now. Not that I have enough money to buy a new outfit at this point.  *
Narration: *I did consider leaving Tokyo and slipping myself into some group of foreign laborers to earn a little pocket money, but I can't leave Makina.*
Narration: *I'm aware the girl was carried by ambulance to a different hospital recently. *
Narration: *The security there's proven just as sloppy, fortunately. I've snuck into Makina's room numerous times in the night. Spoken to her as she lies sleeping in her bed.*
Narration: *I was worried about her condition, of course, but the real reason I keep risking capture to see Makina is a much more selfish one. I just miss her so badly I can't stay away.*
Narration: *When the girl was taken from me and I found myself alone, I did calm down a little. I looked back and realized that I'd let momentum carry me into a pretty stupid stunt.*
Narration: *But the overwhelming absence at my side where Makina used to be only gets more unbearable by the hour. One by one, the dormant scars on my heart are opening with the groan of tearing flesh.*
Narration: *From many jagged mouths, my vicious, cowardly, warped, spiteful other self begins to speak.*
Narration: *You've gone mad, Kazami Yuuji.*
Narration: *For a woman you've known for only months, you abandon the organization that took you in? The commander who treated you like family? Rank ingratitude.*
Narration: *Tell me, who exactly do you expect to look after you, now that you've proven yourself lower than trash?*
Narration: *Nobody's going to protect you anymore. Why would they bother?*
Narration: *You're a piece of equipment. You break things, you inflict pain, you kill people. That's all there is to you. Don't delude yourself otherwise.*
Narration: *You're a weakling. Think about it. You've always been hiding behind the protection of others, haven't you? Running from one protector to the next. Watching them die. How many have you gone through by now?*
Narration: *"...Shut up..."*
Narration: *Someone has to be sacrificed to keep a weakling like you alive. Someone has to be killed. Someone has to die in your place.*
Narration: *"That's not true. I struggled forward... I'm not like I used to be. I've grown."*
Narration: *That's a delusion.*
Narration: *Act out the person you want to become. Someday, what you are inside will catch up with what you pretend to be.*
Narration: *Asako's words. But surely you don't still believe them? That was the white lie of a kind adult, designed to manipulate you out of your shell. *
Narration: *"...Shut up... The hell does it matter...? Even lies... become real if you believe in them long enough... If you act strong... someday you'll become strong..."*
Narration: *This is exactly why you're still a child.*
Narration: *And because you're a child, you act without considering the consequences.*
Narration: *So here we are. You puffed out your chest and declared you'd protect Makina. You betrayed the company that's been looking after you for many years. You pushed your luck, and now everything's gone to hell. What happens next?  *
Narration: *"...I'll do whatever I have to. What will be will be... There's no way to know how this will end..."*
Narration: *Irresponsible as always. You're really content to resign yourself to fate?*
Narration: *"...Well... what do you want me to do...?"*
Narration: *Kill.*
Narration: *Just kill every last person who gets in your way.*
Narration: *Tell me, what's your top priority?*
Narration: *"...To protect Makina... To keep the woman I love safe..."*
Narration: *And what's getting in the way? You already have the answer, don't you? There's no reason to sit around thinking. Act. *
Narration: *"...I don't have the means."*
Narration: *A flimsy excuse.*
Narration: *"Means" aren't relevant to murder. Princes die the same as peasants.*
Narration: *And a man who isn't planning on coming back alive can kill just about anyone.*
Narration: *"As long as he doesn't plan on coming back alive... But I..."*
Narration: *Didn't you say it yourself? If you're coming to take someone's life, go in prepared to lose your own instead. *
Narration: *If you want someone dead, don't start thinking about saving your own skin.*
Narration: *"When you need to kill, be ready to die..."*
Narration: *Exactly right.*
Narration: *What's your life worth to you, anyway? Pointless, ugly little thing they handed to you on a scrap of paper. Surely you're not that attached to it.*
Narration: *"...Yeah... Guess that works..."*
Narration: *I can hear the cracks in my heart widening into fissures. And the creaking of a door opening in darkness.*
Policeman: ...Hello? Are you all right?
Yuuji: Ah... sorry, what...?
Policeman: What's the matter, sir?
Yuuji: ...Uh, what do you mean?
Policeman: Well, it's a little late to be spacing out in a park like this, you know? I thought you might be feeling under the weather...
Yuuji: ...Aah...
Narration: *Must've been more than a little out of it. For a moment, I can't even process the person standing in front of me.*
Narration: *I hurriedly snap myself awake and focus. The man's a uniformed cop, probably in his forties. Silver badge, two stripes... Probably the local head patrol officer.*
Narration: *Warning bells ringing in my head, I instantly plaster a smile onto my face. Conditioned reflex I've been working on for many years now.*
Yuuji: ...Ahaha... Sorry, looks like I nodded off... Okay, see that over there?
Narration: *I point out the van sitting silently by the entrance to the park.*
Yuuji: I was taking a business trip to Nagano with a coworker from my company, but... the old man said he was tired from all the driving, so we took a little break.
Yuuji: You wouldn't believe the way he snores. Just slipped out to take a rest here, that's all...
Policeman: Hahah, I see...
Narration: *Although he gives every sign of being convinced by my explanation, the man's a veteran who's spent many years on the neighborhood beat. Probably had a reason for striking up this friendly little chat.*
Narration: *I'm willing to bet he sensed something a little off about me. Caught a whiff of bloodlust in the air.*
Narration: *His occupation's pretty different from mine, but like I said: a sense of smell honed in the field isn't to be underestimated.*
Policeman: So what's your line of work?
Yuuji: We manufacture work clothes and uniforms. Lately there's been a real flood of cheap crap from overseas, so a little company like us has to run around constantly just to keep our heads above water.
Policeman: Hahah, sounds pretty rough...
Narration: *Even as he's offering me a convincingly friendly smile, the patrol officer takes out his POT - a modified PDA for looking up vehicles and criminal records - and keys in the license plate number.  *
Narration: *After looking at the screen for a few moments, he nods with a noncommittal "Hm," rubs his chin thoughtfully, and stows the little terminal back in its leather case.*
Policeman: Sorry to interrupt your nap, but the road in front of the park is actually a no-stopping no-standing area. Would you mind moving...?
Yuuji: Ah, yes... Sorry about that. I'll wake up the old man right away.
Policeman: Be careful not to fall asleep at the wheel, all right?
Yuuji: Yes, sorry for the bother...
Policeman: Okay then. Good luck with your job.
Yuuji: ...Yeah... I'll do my best...
Yuuji: ...No matter how hard I try, this is the only way I can get anything done... But I'll do my best...
Narration: *Thinking isn't going to fix my problems. Standing still isn't going to set the wheels in motion. Even now, precious seconds are flowing uselessly down the drain.*
Narration: *I push myself up off the bench and walk toward the small van just outside the park.*
Narration: *The patrol officer's watching me from behind. Seems he intends to wait until I get into the vehicle and leave.*
Narration: *I suppress the urge to mutter a few choice words under my breath. Suppose this is almost convenient, in a way. Approaching the van, I rap lightly on the side window with my knuckles.*
Narration: *The driver must've been in a pretty deep sleep. He jerks up in surprise at the sound, sending the magazine on his face flying, and looks around in bleary-eyed confusion.*
Narration: *After finally noticing me crouched outside his door, he reluctantly lowers the window.*
Yuuji: ...My apologies, sir, but I need a word. My identification...
Narration: *I quietly hold out a folded piece of leather about the size of a passcase with a gold badge embedded in its surface. After a moment, I let it fall open and show the man its contents.*
Narration: *Inside is an combination identification and electronic pass-card describing me as a member of the Special Governmental Organization "Central Intelligence Division," attached to the Second Research Section.*
Narration: *I don't usually carry the thing around, but it does sometimes prove useful as a stopgap measure when I run into issues with Sakuradamon, so I dug it out of the depths of my backpack a few days ago.  *
Driver: ...Y'need something?
Narration: *The man in the driver's seat rubs his eyes for a moment, then carefully compares the photograph on the card with my face.*
Narration: *Perfectly natural reaction when you're knocked out of a pleasant nap by some random guy in street clothes with some bizarre ID you've never even seen before.*
Narration: *Probably doesn't help that I look about twenty years too young to be working for a government agency of any kind. There's more than a little suspicion in his eyes.*
Yuuji: I'm currently investigating an automobile-bombing incident that occurred in Mishima Cape recently... 
Yuuji: And the foreign terrorist group thought to be responsible for that crime has just called in a new threat. We have reason to believe they've planted explosives on a vehicle in this neighborhood.
Driver: ...A bomb!?
Yuuji: Quietly, sir. Please keep your voice down.
Driver: W-Wait, but... I've been inside the van the whole time, you know? I don't remember anyone placing...
Yuuji: Modern bombs are extremely efficient and often quite small. Many can be installed in less than ten minutes. In any case, we need to move this van. Could you please open the passenger-side door?
Driver: Uh, whaaat...? Move it? Err... you want me to drive?
Yuuji: You can't get out here. The explosives could be set to go off when the suspension extends. For now, we need to get away from this area.  
Narration: *With those words, I turn and wave a hand at the patrol officer watching us from the park, who responds with an earnest salute.*
Narration: *As the driver starts in surprise at the presence of the uniformed policeman, I glance down at my watch and whisper "Hurry" in a controlled but urgent tone of voice. Off-balance and alarmed, the man hurriedly unlocks the passenger door.*
Narration: *I slide into the seat and snap on my belt, then glare fiercely out the front window at nothing in particular.*
Yuuji: ...Please take it nice and slow. I'll take over in the driver's seat after we've gained a little distance.
Driver: O-Okay...
Yuuji: Thank you for your cooperation...
Narration: *With quavering hands, the driver turns his key and starts the engine―*
Narration: *The light van glides gingerly down the road like a child walking on thin ice, makes its way toward the highway where the streetlights are beginning to snap awake, and disappears into the hustle and bustle of the city.*
Date: *September 4, 2011, 20:15 - "Ichigaya"*
Chiara: Hey, Chief... aren't you hungry? Let's get something delivered...
JB: ............
Chiara: Hello? Ma'am? Are you asleep or what?
JB: Oh, pipe down... I was just trying to think. What is it?
Chiara: I'm asking if you're hungry. C'mooon, let's order something... 
JB: I think not. Eating would only make us drowsy. I'll give you a break at nine, so tough it out a little longer.
Chiara: No waaay... That's not for forty-five minutes! I only had yogurt and a tuna sandwich for lunch, you know?
JB: I don't know, and I don't care. Suck it up!
Chiara: Tch... Well, easy for you to say, Chief. The client treated you to Italian after that visit to Irisu Makina in the hospital, right? So lucky...
JB: I passed on the meal. Haven't had anything but a little soba by the station myself. Spare me the whining.
Chiara: Seriouslyyy? What a waste...
Chiara: ...Wait, so you drove up to some neighborhood soba stall in that bright yellow sports car? Stood there slurping up noodles with that blinding blond hair and expensive suit? That seems like it'd take some courage in its own right...
JB: Cut the idiotic chatter and focus on your job!
Chiara: So you keep saying, but 9029 hasn't made any conspicuous movements in days, you know? Maybe he's just hightailed it overseas or something?
JB: No, definitely not... The man doesn't give up that easily...
Chiara: Okay, but Irisu Makina's in our hands now, right? What's 9029's final objective here?
JB: I wouldn't be losing so much sleep if I knew that... Not to say that I don't have my suspicions. I would say 9029's general objective is most likely the permanent liberation of Irisu Makina...
Chiara: Permanent liberation... Sorry, what does that mean?
JB: It means exactly what it sounds like. He wants to establish a set of circumstances in which Irisu Makina can live out the rest of her life as she pleases, free from all obstruction and coercion.
Chiara: And how on earth is he planning to make that happen?
JB: There are two plausible methods. Take Irisu Makina and run around for three years... or utterly destroy all those who pose a threat to her...
Chiara: Wait, how's he supposed to take her anywhere...? The girl's in our custody now. And more importantly, she's in a coma.
JB: Well, we call it a coma, but she has been waking up in the night. And we don't have anyone posted to guard the hospital, either. It wouldn't be impossible to take her out if he wanted to.
Chiara: Why don't we have any guards posted?
JB: Well, the client didn't ask for any, you know?
Chiara: ...That's not much of a reason!!
JB: I doubt they particularly care if she's carried off. It would be easier to arrange a convincing "accident" outside of the hospital, after all...
Chiara: Lovely... I really shouldn't have asked...
Chiara: But doesn't that mean 9029 is kind of at a dead end here?
JB: Were you even listening to me? I said there are two methods, didn't I?
Chiara: ...Uhm, but that's... We're talking about the Irisu clan here, you know? They're not going to run out of people to send after him, no matter how many he takes out.
JB: No matter how enormous an organization may be, it always has its weak point...
Chiara: The Irisu's weak point... Uh, I'm drawing a blank.
JB: An organization is a living thing. And generally speaking, you can kill any living creature by crushing its head.
Chiara: ...So if you're talking about the Irisu clan's core... the "brain," so to speak...
JB: It'd have to be Irisu Kiyoka... I'd say it's safe to assume 9029 will be looking to assassinate her.
Chiara: That's incredibly serious!! If you had that much figured out, why aren't we taking action right now!?
JB: ...Are you really doing your job over there? We've had four-digit agents guarding Irisu Kiyoka at a distance for the last two weeks.
Chiara: Huh? Seriously?
JB: Look up our deployments on the computer if you don't believe me.
Chiara: Ah... it's true... Two four-digits and four three-digits to boot... Quite the broiled sweet-mint.
JB: ...I nearly just let that one go, but... I think you probably meant "royal treatment."
Chiara: Japanese big hard, yes?
JB: Look, you're two-thirds Japanese...
Chiara: Well, I'm one-third African. So there.
JB: What part of Africa? Innoshima?
Chiara: You have a problem with Innoshima? I'll kick your butt!
JB: Let me take a rain check on that one. What's the status of our defenses at Irisu Global Headquarters? Any abnormalities?
Chiara: Ah... right. At the moment everything appears to be normal. All the multi-story structures in the area are clear as well.
JB: There's no guarantee 9029 will always choose sniping as his method. Are they checking everyone going into that building? 
Chiara: Ahh... we've received a complaint in regards to that, actually... We're requiring an ID card-type entry permit to get inside, and the subcontractors who come and go are really kicking up a fuss... Uh, wait, what?
JB: What is it?
Chiara: The team assigned to check the visitors isn't one of ours...
JB: Aah... yes, seems there was a lot of back and forth going on upstairs, and now Sakuradamon's 2nd mobile unit's in charge of the check-ins... Apparently we've even set up a temporary joint investigation headquarters.
Chiara: What a giant pain in the rear... How'd we get that foisted on us?
JB: The situation's dragged on too long for us to be worrying about "putting out our own fires." Unfortunately, our internal affairs director and their public safety chief were classmates as students. And absolutely despise each other.
Chiara: Ah, yeah, I've heard the rumors about that one. Isn't their safety chief married to an ex-girlfriend of our IA director? I really hope this doesn't turn into a pissing contest...  
JB: Too many cooks cock up the sweetmints, as they say... Japanese is such a funny language.
Chiara: This isn't a laughing matter... What are we going to do if 9029 really does kill Irisu Kiyoka?
JB: Just to be on the safe side, I've planned out something for that scenario as well... Tell me, though, which do you think works better? A dastardly terrorist from the north, or a dastardly terrorist from the east?
Chiara: ...You're planning to cover up 9029's crime...?
JB: Well, if you'd like to bring the Irisu a gift basket and say "Please accept my sincere apologies for our dog's inexcusable behavior," you can feel free.
Chiara: Uhm, good lord no...
JB: And that's exactly why we're skipping meals to focus on our work! Understand? Glue your face to that monitor and don't peel it off until I say you can!!
Chiara: Aargh! Geez! Yes, ma'am!!
Narration: *...At times like these... I can't help thinking "if only Asako were here."*
Narration: *If Asako was still alive, she'd probably talk Yuuji down in minutes. But then again, if Asako was still alive it never would've come to this in the first place.  *
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji can't kill people. The trauma of his childhood and the words of his mentor stay his hand...*
Narration: *But... taking Irisu Makina from him may've pulled out that safety pin for good...*
Narration: *Honestly... you left behind one hell of a nasty little memento, Asako...*
Date: *September 4, 2011, 04:21 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *―Ten minutes after forcibly commandeering the light van, I have the driver pull over and get out under the pretense of "inspecting the vehicle," then inform him it's being confiscated as evidence.*
Narration: *I explain that I have no legal authority to silence him, but it'd be wisest to keep quiet and avoid possible conflicts with "Ministry of Defense bylaws." When he nods, I promise the van will be returned in two days and hand him JB's card.*
Narration: *This, I clarify, is actually an automated line: just call the number, then hang up without saying a word, and within 30 minutes a nice sturdy car will come pick you up. The driver's face crumples in relief as he accepts it with both hands.*
Narration: *In any case, now I've got myself a suitable method of transportation.*
Narration: *Leaving the van I've borrowed at a parking deck connected to a movie theater, I buy a few plastic bottles of water at a convenience store, then head down into the nearby subway station.*
Narration: *Not that I'm actually planning on using a train this time.*
Narration: *Making my way to the coin lockers inside the station, I retrieve my personal belongings and Makina's apple seedling, then go to my knees and carefully water the plant.*
Narration: *I haven't been wandering around aimlessly for the last two weeks.*
Narration: *I've been moving around gathering information, looking for a way to break out of this dead-end situation quickly and decisively.*
Narration: *There aren't many cards left in my hand. And among them, only one stands out as an efficient and practical play.*
Narration: *Even so, I've been conflicted. Still am. There's a part of me casting around desperately in search of the most peaceful possible solution, and a part of me hissing "You know the quickest way to end this, so get moving."*
Narration: *...It's not really much of a debate. I'm probably just hesitating.*
Narration: *The person Asako raised me to be, a person who chose not to kill, is making his last stand against the vicious thing that's been sealed away inside me since I was a child.*
Narration: *Even now, I can feel the balance slipping little by little with every passing minute. This agonizing won't last much longer.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah... There's only one way to wrap up everything neatly, isn't there...
Narration: *I take out the backpack I'd stowed with the seedling in my locker, and retrieve the small gun stashed away at the bottom.*
Narration: *It's a double action automatic. Takes thirteen nine millimeter bullets.*
Narration: *JB gave me the thing in a personal capacity for use as a concealed carry sidearm, but I found the quirkiness of the firing sequence hard to get used to. It's been sitting in the bottom of my backpack for a very long time.*
Narration: *I unlock and open the case, then take out the well-oiled body of the weapon, remove the double-column magazine, and fill it with ammunition.*
Narration: *Returning the loaded mag to the stock, I pull the slide assembly back, push the first bullet firmly into the chamber, and release my grip on the squeeze cocker beneath the trigger guard. The firing pin returns to the safety position.*
Yuuji: ...Honestly... what the hell am I supposed to do with this thing...? Haha...
Narration: *Still, I've got no choice but to manage.*
Narration: *Slipping the small pistol in between my belt and waist, I return my backpack to the locker, then get to my feet with the potted apple tree in my hands.*
Yuuji: ...But first... better go reinforce my resolve...
Narration: *I make my way back into the subway station crowds, setting off with the seedling against the flow of businessmen on their way home. *
Date: *September 4, 2011, 22:10 - Hospital*
Narration: *About one hour later, I find Matsuzawa Psychiatric's still and quiet. It's already well past visiting hours.*
Narration: *As always, there aren't any guards or even observers posted in the area. My "infiltration" consists of slipping in easily through a ground-level emergency exit.*
Narration: *I follow a hallway faintly illuminated by the neon glow of the sign above the door. An empty flight of stairs takes me to the third floor, where I make my way toward a secluded private suite.*
Narration: *At the very back of the third floor, I glance at the nameplate "Irisu Makina" hanging horizontally across the final door, then slide it quietly open with no hesitation whatsoever.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Makina... I'm back...
Makina: ............
Yuuji: ...This might be the last time I see you, so... I brought your plant today...
Yuuji: And, well... okay. Sorry, but... I've made up my mind... to kill your mother...
Yuuji: Don't worry... I'll pull it off perfectly... I'll set you free...
Makina: ...Mmm... Papa...?
Yuuji: ...What, were you awake...?
Makina: ...Hey, Papa... You brought me the apple tree...?
Yuuji: Yeah, that I did. I've been watering it and everything...
Makina: ...Tehehe... thank goodness... I couldn't stop worryin' about it...
Yuuji: ............
Yuuji: ...Makina... d'you think you can make it out to the front of the station tomorrow evening...? 
Makina: ...Hmm? Well, lessee... Guess I can make it, as long as I can get up...
Yuuji: By tomorrow evening... everything should be over, so... let's meet up and find ourselves someplace to live together...
Makina: Aah... Right...
Yuuji: ...Don't like the idea?
Makina: Nuh-uh, that ain't it. But... if I disappear, my little sister... Sarina's not gonna make it...
Yuuji: ...What're you talking about?
Makina: Okay, well... my little sister's gettin' worse. She might die... An' I guess they need my organs to save her...
Yuuji: ...The hell's with that...?
Narration: *...I see. So that's how it is...*
Narration: *So that's... what's been keeping her alive since they got their hands on her... The bastards...*
Yuuji: ...Don't worry... I'll wrap everything up nice and clean... 
Yuuji: Just be waiting... tomorrow, at 1800 hours, in front of the station. I'll definitely come to pick you up... 
Makina: ...Yeah... gotcha. I'll be waitin'... so make sure you come, all right...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah. I promise.
Makina: ...Okay... that's... a promise...
Makina: ............
Yuuji: Back asleep already, huh...?
Narration: *Well... now that I've gone and made her a promise... guess I'll have to keep it.*
Narration: *If I were to disappear, who'd keep this girl safe...?*
Narration: *Who's going to protect a girl whose own mother wants to kill her...?*
Narration: *I wanted to make her into a woman who could stand on her own two feet... even when I'm no longer there to support her... but there's no more time.*
Narration: *They've backed us into a corner. All I can do now is finish this as quickly and thoroughly as possible. *
Narration: *I've sharpened my fangs. I've torn off my collar...*
Narration: *Nothing left to do but charge at my enemy and rip out their throat.*
Narration: *Changing into a plain workman's uniform from the back of my van, I head out onto the highway.*
Narration: *The trip to Irisu Global Headquarters takes forty uneventful minutes.*
Narration: *I exit the highway a little early and quietly make my way to a local street that runs along the back of the Irisu Headquarters. Within a few minutes, the service entrance comes into view ahead, marked only by a plain series of guide lights.*
Narration: *As Sakuradamon's currently subjecting every vehicle to extensive security checks before letting it onto the ramp, there's a decent backlog of minivans and trucks lined up waiting to enter.*
Narration: *I reach past the AC vent to flip on my hazard lamps, pull one wheel up onto the shoulder so traffic can pass, and queue up at the end of the line.  *
Narration: *A police officer who'd been watching my approach promptly approaches, his boots slapping noisily against the pavement. He's carrying a binder and ballpoint pen in one hand; with the other, he knocks lightly on my side window.*
Policeman: Could you stop your engine, please?
Yuuji: Aah. Yeah...
Narration: *Even as a sulky frown flashes across my face, I obediently reach down and twist my key in the ignition―*
Narration: *Then lower the driver-side window, grab the entry permit sitting on top of the dashboard, and present it to the officer.*
Narration: *The officer accepts the paper, slips it into his binder, cranes his head a little to check my license plate number, then begins scratching away at a form.*
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *...This part's a gamble. A calculated gamble, but a gamble nonetheless.*
Narration: *Over the last few weeks, I've been steathily visiting the area around Irisu HQ at irregular moments, probing and observing the security.*
Narration: *About a week ago I realized that a mobile police unit had been placed in charge of inspecting all incoming deliveries.*
Narration: *Until then "our" people had been in charge, so I'd been forced to keep a wary distance, but―*
Narration: *I'm willing to bet some political wrangling about Ichigaya's earlier blunders resulted in the establishment of an extremely superficial "Joint Investigation Headquarters," with the cops taking over a few minor jobs like this.*
Narration: *This sort of thing is always the brainchild of someone in Kasumigaseki, and often results in the "cooperating" agencies competing in an attempt to show off to said bureaucrat―  *
Narration: *And even at the best of times, Sakuradamon and my employer are on terrible terms, frequently neglecting to share even crucial information.*
Narration: *Healthy rivalries and in-house competition are all well and good, but when things get out of hand you just end up sabotaging each other. Very convenient now that I find myself on the other side.*
Yuuji: ...Look, I dunno what you guys are s'pposed to be looking out for here, but... how long is this gonna last? We're all busy people, y'know...
Policeman: Yes, I'm aware. Just doing my job myself, all right? I'm sorry, but I have to ask for your patience and cooperation. And on that note, mind letting me have a look at your driver's license?
Yuuji: ...Tch...
Narration: *Clicking my tongue in irritation, I rest my right hand on top of the wheel, then lean my upper body over toward the passenger seat and open the glove compartment. Retrieving a light blue passcass, I take out a driver's license and hand it over.*
Narration: *Of course, it's just one of the numerous cover IDs my company prepared for me in the days when we were on better terms.*
Policeman: Okay, thanks. Could you remove your hat, please?
Narration: *The policeman checks the photograph on my license, then looks up to compare it with my own features. Squinting irritably as he shines his flashlight in my eyes, I shove my face forward for examination.*
Policeman: ...Right, that's enough. Thank you very much.
Narration: *While carefully accepting the license back, I shoot a quick glance at my rear-view mirror out of the corner of my eye.*
Narration: *There's already quite a few new arrivals waiting behind my van for their own inspection. One or two of them have begun noisily revving up their engines as if to say "get a move on."*
Policeman: Yes, yes. Just a minute!
Narration: *Grimacing at the noise, the policeman wedges the binder with my fake entry permit under his arm―*
Narration: *Then bends down and pokes something that looks like a motorcycle rear-view mirror beneath the vehicle, examining the undercarriage.*
Narration: *Looks like the forgery of the permit went fairly well, at least.*
Narration: *Four days ago, I managed to approach one of the trucks lined up here waiting to enter the warehouse. After presenting one of my "company" IDs, I asked to see their permit, which I then quietly photographed with a digital camera.  *
Narration: *With those images as a base, I used a PC in a net cafe in Shin-Okubo to mock up a falsified document, then printed it out in a neighborhood copy shop. Pretty half-assed job, but the cop doesn't seem to have any suspicions at the moment.*
Policeman: Okay then. All right if I take a look at your cargo?
Yuuji: Yeeep...
Narration: *Answering in the grouchy tone of a man who's having his time wasted, I reach to the side of my seat and yank up the lever that controls the van's hatchback.*
Narration: *As the rear door swings upward with the soft hiss of extending dampers, the policeman sticks his head inside―*
Narration: *Opening the lids of the cardboard boxes one after the other, he sticks a hand into the work uniforms packed inside, confirming that I'm not hiding anything suspicious inside.*
Policeman: ...You from a uniform company?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, that's right...
Policeman: They're working you pretty late, huh...
Yuuji: We're in the same boat there, right...? C'mon, please finish up already... It's gonna be a real pain if you mess up all the merchandise like that... 
Policeman: Yeah, sorry for the hassle. Almost done.
Driver: C'mooon! Aren't you done yet!? Get a move on!!
Narration: *An angry shout from the driver of the next truck cuts through the air.*
Narration: *Damn straight, let's get a move on here. If somebody from the company looks into that driver's license number, it's an instant game over. I'd really like to be inside before that happens.*
Policeman: ...Okay, that's all I need. Go ahead and move onto the ramp.
Narration: *The officer quickly pushes a small stamp down twice on the document in his binder, then returns my forged entry permit. Narrowing one eye, I accept it with a curt nod.*
Yuuji: ...Right, thanks...
Policeman: Okay! Next! Move your vehicle forward, then stop your engine!
Narration: *Guess the public sector's not all sunshine, donuts, and fat pensions, huh?*
Narration: *Muttering these sympathetic sentiments to no one in particular, I start the van's engine, then guide it smoothly onto the entrance ramp leading down into the basement of Irisu Global Headquarters.*
Date: *September 4, 2011, 23:00 - Irisu Global President's Office*
Sawada: ...Ma'am, do we have any idea how long these extraordinary security measures will continue? Numerous departments have informed us of delays in operations, and many of the suppliers are submitting complaints...
Kiyoka: ...Hmm, well... I did ask them not to make too much of a fuss about this, but―
Kiyoka: It seems two public agencies coexisting in the same building is somewhat problematic. They're all tiresomely enthusiastic...
Sawada: This has been going on for a good two weeks now, ma'am. Should things continue like this for another ten days or so, we're going to begin incurring fairly significant losses...
Kiyoka: Yes, true... and I suppose my presence here is the cause. However, considering the situation with my daughter, I can't simply leave Japan at the moment... How very troublesome.  
Sawada: Perhaps the two of you could temporarily take a trip overseas?
Kiyoka: I suppose so. It has gotten rather chaotic over here, so that might be for the best. Is Father's plane available?
Sawada: Yes. We can arrange for a flight by four in the afternoon tomorrow.
Kiyoka: In that case, please do so. I'll be taking both Makina and Sarina with me, so contact the relevant hospitals and inform my mother.
Sawada: Certainly...
Kiyoka: Ah. While you're at it, pick out some vaguely appropriate gift for a sympathy visit to Mother.
Sawada: Some sort of drapery, as always?
Kiyoka: Yes, that's fine. And some chestnut manjuu buns from Tsuruya as well, if you'd be so kind... 
Sawada: ...I seem to recall that your mother dislikes red bean paste... I believe there was a rather heated fight when you brought her mooncakes as a souvenir...
Kiyoka: I remember, of course. Mother can't stand chestnuts either. Why else would I be bringing them to her?
Sawada: ...Of course. I'll have them prepared at once...
Kiyoka: I would appreciate that.
Sawada: Please excuse me...
Sawada: ...Haaah... So tired...
Yuuji: Well, ho-lee shit! About time y'came back! Where t'heck you been? Don't got all day here, y'know!!
Sawada: ...Eek! What!? Who are you!?
Yuuji: Aah, y'don't gotta freak out on me, miss! I'm just th' delivery man! Got a package ta 'rop off!
Sawada: ...A delivery? Wait... how did you even get up here!?
Yuuji: Hunh? How th' hell d'you think? Said I had a package for th' prez, an' the lady at th' 'ception desk said "Well, go take it on upstairs then!"
Sawada: That can't be right... What receptionist told you that?
Yuuji: Whaddo I care? Anyhoo, I'm here to deliver this to th' president!
Sawada: ...Directly to the president?
Yuuji: Da!
Sawada: What's inside the package?
Yuuji: The hell d'I know? They just told me t'deliver th' thing! Prob'ly just one a'them Baum-koochies or what have ya!
Sawada: ...Why a baum...? Would you mind if I looked inside?
Yuuji: Fine b'me, but on yer own head be it!
Sawada: ...???
Narration: *Arching one eyebrow dubiously, Miss Sawada accepts the cardboard box and removes the lid.*
Sawada: ...Huh?
Narration: *Inside are numerous heavy-duty nylon ropes.*
Narration: *And on top of these, there's a single scrap of paper.*
Narration: *"Don't make a sound or you're dead."*
Narration: *Miss Sawada stares blankly at the words for a moment, her mouth hanging open slightly in bewilderment, before raising her face questioningly to me.  *
Sawada: ...Uhm, this...
Yuuji: What, you illiterate? Don't make a sound or you're going to die...
Narration: *I pull out my handgun from the breast pocket of my work uniform, firmly depressing the squeeze cocker to ready the firing pin.*
Sawada: ...Eek!
Yuuji: I said not to make a sound...
Narration: *Thrusting the gun forward threateningly, I use my free hand to remove the cap on my head and spit out the tissue paper I'd stuffed in my cheeks. Miss Sawada's eyes go wide with shock.*
Sawada: ...You're... Kazami Yuuji!
Yuuji: ...I was taught to laugh off a woman's stupidity three times, but that was your last strike... The next time you make a sound, I'm going to kill you. 
Sawada: ............
Narration: *Apparently sensing something in my dark, sunken eyes, Miss Sawada bites firmly down on her lower lip and proceeds to glare angrily up at me in complete silence.*
Yuuji: ...That a girl. I'm going to borrow this...
Narration: *Holding the gun steady in my right hand, I quickly reach out with my left and pull out a handkerchief that had been peeking out of the secretary's breast pocket.*
Yuuji: ...Give me an aaah...
Sawada: ............
Yuuji: What's wrong? Open your mouth. Come on, aaah...
Sawada: ...Aaaaah...
Yuuji: ...*Snort*... You've got no idea how ridiculous you look...
Sawada: ...Kuh...
Yuuji: Just a joke. Don't get angry... Keep your hands on top of the desk. Don't go for the alarm button. 
Narration: *I ball up the handkerchief and stuff it into Sawada's mouth, then fix the gag in place with a nylon rope from the box.*
Sawada: ...Nngh...
Yuuji: Stand up. Slowly come out from behind the desk. Put your knees on the ground and hold out your hands behind you...
Sawada: ............
Yuuji: Sorry... This might hurt a little, but tough it out...
Narration: *Miss Sawada seems to have decided that resistance would be pointless, as she obediently follows my instructions and waits quietly to be bound.*
Narration: *Taking several more cords of nylon rope, I quickly tie her hands behind her back, link her ankles together, and finally connect the two bundles to immobilize her completely.*
Yuuji: That posture will probably get a little painful after a while... Why don't we lie you down?
Narration: *Slipping my hands under Sawada's armpits, I gently lower her sideways onto the thick carpet―*
Narration: *The secretary squirms around a little after being upended, but once you're on the ground in this position, it's impossible to get back up on your own power.*
Yuuji: ...Hoo...
Narration: *Exhaling quietly, I review every step in the process that brought me here, searching for any potential oversights.*
Narration: *Everything's gone pretty much exactly according to plan so far. Once I got inside, it was surprisingly smooth sailing.*
Narration: *After following the ramp down to the delivery entrance at the very bottom of the tower, I hauled out the cardboard boxes from the back of my van and began to load them onto a large freight elevator.*
Narration: *All well and good that I'd gotten this far, but now I had to come up with some kind of inconspicuous route upward...*
Narration: *The final cardboard box in my arms, I was casually glancing in the direction of the emergency exit when I noticed another man in a uniform working nearby.*
Narration: *The man loaded a few crates from the panel van he'd presumably driven down here, then wheeled his pallet jack into the elevator and slipped into the corner of the cage.*
Narration: *"You not getting in?"*
Narration: *Taking the man's question as my cue, I followed him into the elevator, and with almost disappointing ease found myself rising to the third-floor warehouse.*
Narration: *My new colleague took off his hat and offered a brief greeting to the manager, then wheeled his delivery off into the maze of shelves with the easy familiarity of a man in his own home.*
Narration: *I imitated the man's slight bow toward the manager, then followed him into the depths of the warehouse with a nonchalant expression on my face.*
Narration: *A little way inside, I stopped and took out a notebook from the pocket of my uniform, pretending to double-check where I needed to stow my packages. Soon enough, the other man finished his own delivery and headed back out.*
Narration: *Instead of riding the freight elevator back down, the delivery man simply said "Can you get the door, please?" In response, the manager pressed a button to unlock a door leading to an external emergency staircase.*
Narration: *The man nodded his thanks and slipped outside. Probably needed to go down a floor to get some document signed.*
Narration: *After briefly considering the matter, I decided to make use of the emergency stairs myself. *
Narration: *A single sentence to the manager got me outside. But instead of heading downstairs, I climbed up to the fourth floor, where an inviting door offered access to an internal evacuation staircase.*
Narration: *The problem was opening it. An emergency exit is only intended to open one way. For obvious reasons, they're designed not to be accessible from the outside.*
Narration: *But I haven't spent years on the Ichigaya payroll for show. I was taught a method that can get you inside one of these with a bit of delicate fiddling. A little time-consuming, but it almost always works.*
Narration: *However, even if it was possible to unlock the door, I couldn't just swing the thing carelessly open.*
Narration: *An emergency exit of this sort has an alarm device active by default. The instant it opens, an ear-splitting bell goes off, and building security will instantly be contacted.*
Narration: *As a countermeasure, I used a classic trick: deceiving the alarm with a bit of aluminum foil.*
Narration: *I took Makina's pack of grape-flavored Bubble King from my pocket, unwrapped one stick, and popped it into my mouth.*
Narration: *Folding the wrapping paper into a flat sheet, I stuck the piece of gum onto it as an adhesive and fixed it over the alarm's sensor.*
Narration: *After a few minutes of work on the door, I slipped quietly into the deserted evacuation staircase, and without further difficulty made my way straight up to the twelfth floor.*
Yuuji: ...Now it's just a matter of getting into the president's office, but...
Narration: *Whoops. That was a bit sloppy.*
Narration: *Now that I look carefully, there's a fingerprint scanner next to the heavy wooden door in back, with an LCD screen displaying LOCK in red letters.  *
Narration: *Come to think of it, Miss Sawada here had to unlock the door for me last time I visited.*
Yuuji: Should've had her open it before I tied her up... Now what?
Narration: *I glance back at the secretary, lying on the ground with her body arched back like a shrimp, only her face pointing this way.*
Yuuji: Could always just chop off a finger, but... that's a bit much. Your boyfriend would go limp with guilt every time you try a handjob, right...?
Narration: *Can't have that.*
Narration: *Pushing my gun into the belly of my work uniform, I haul Miss Sawada up off the thick rug.*
Sawada: ...Nnnngh! Mmnngh! Mnnnnn!!
Yuuji: Pipe down. I'm just going to borrow your finger for a second. Don't make too much noise or I'll just snip one off with that pair of scissors on your desk. 
Sawada: ...Nnn...
Narration: *Lifting Sawada over my shoulder, I bring her to the door and guide the index finger of her right hand to the scanner.*
Yuuji: ...Okay, thanks. We're good now...
Narration: *Gently lowering the secretary back to the floor, I firmly grab hold of the doorknob. *
Narration: *Do-or-die time. Possibly both.*
Yuuji: ...Pardon me!!
Yuuji: Kazami Yuuji, reporting in!!
Kiyoka: ...Huh...?
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka's eyes open wide with shock, a deep-fried okaki cracker freezing halfway to her mouth. *
Yuuji: Snacking in the middle of the night? You're going to put on weight, you know?
Narration: *I glance briefly at the corner of the ceiling. The surveillance camera's activity light isn't on.*
Narration: *I'm willing to bet Irisu Kiyoka deliberately turned the thing off to keep her midnight snack private.*
Kiyoka: Y-You! Why are you here!?
Yuuji: Why are you here? How did you get in? Women always ask the same questions...
Narration: *I pull the small handgun out of my work uniform.*
Yuuji: ...My previous visit made it clear that further discussion is pointless. Today, I've come to eliminate you as a threat to Irisu Makina.
Kiyoka: ...Eliminate...? L-Look, let's just calm down for a moment!
Yuuji: Sorry, not interested. Talking just makes the trigger heavier...
Narration: *I should've shot this woman dead the moment I saw her. I've already made this harder than it needed to be.*
Narration: *Don't falter, Yuuji.*
Narration: *Pull the trigger.*
Narration: *Now. Before the momentum fades...*
Kiyoka: ...Kuh...!!
Yuuji: ...!!!
Narration: *Sensing my momentary hesitation, Kiyoka leaps forward, aiming for the door behind me.*
Yuuji: ...Dammit!!
Narration: *As the woman tries to slip past my side, I swing my arm in a vicious arc, slamming the butt of my pistol into her temple. Her body jerks backward; I sweep her legs out from under her, and she tumbles to the ground.*
Kiyoka: ...Ah!!
Kiyoka: ...Did you just... strike me...?
Yuuji: Yeah, that I did. Tell me something... Did your parents ever hit you...?
Kiyoka: Never... I've never been hit by anyone in my life, much less my parents!
Yuuji: Figured as much... That explains a lot...
Kiyoka: What about it!? It just means I never made any mistakes worthy of a beating!
Yuuji: That's a delusion... an egotistical fantasy...
Yuuji: Your parents guided you around every bump in the road... and when you tripped over your own feet, you found someone else to blame... You've lived your life in denial of your own shortcomings...
Kiyoka: ............
Yuuji: You were chauffeured down a life others set out for you... never spanked, never frustrated, never knowing pain... That's why you turned into a woman who could sacrifice her own daughter without so much as a twinge of conscience...  
Kiyoka: What would a child like you know!? What can you possibly understand about me!?
Yuuji: ...Oh, I understand... My father was the same way...
Yuuji: The old man was a waste of space who spent most of his life eating through his inheritance... When he screwed up or things took a bad turn, he'd take it out on the people around him... He knocked me around to forget his troubles...
Yuuji: Thought every other person in the world was trash. Any living thing that he couldn't use to his advantage was worthless. Didn't even see us as human beings... Pissed him off just to look at us... This ringing any bells?
Kiyoka: Nothing but the prattle of a lowlife with an inferiority complex...
Yuuji: You've got the same disease... There's no curing it now... If I don't kill you, Makina will die... 
Kiyoka: H-Hold on. You're going to kill me for Makina's sake...? Listen, that would be pointless... Even if you kill me, there are many others who want the girl dead...
Yuuji: ...That's not relevant... If anyone else comes to kill her, I'll eliminate them one by one... as many times as it takes...
Kiyoka: Fine, all right... Let's make a deal, shall we? Spare my life, and I'll make sure Makina comes to no harm...
Kiyoka: I-I know... If you'd like, why not marry Makina? I'm sure it'd make for a much nicer life than being used up and thrown away by that bizarre organization of yours...
Yuuji: ...Sounds nice... Always dreamed about that sort of thing...
Kiyoka: ...See? How about it? Let's do that...
Yuuji: There's just one problem, though... I'd rather die than become your son...
Yuuji: You know, I thought long and hard before I came here... I was very close to certain, but... I tried to convince myself there was the slightest chance you cared about Makina as a mother...
Yuuji: I mean, come on... Having to settle things through killing... It's just too damn sad, isn't it...? 
Kiyoka: Yes, of course... T-There's no need for that. Spare my life, and no one will have to die.
Yuuji: Listen to what I'm telling you... I thought long and hard, and this was the answer... I've reached my conclusion. My will isn't weak enough to be swayed by your words...  
Narration: *That's enough. Just pull the damn trigger―*
Narration: *Don't let emotion cloud your mind any further―*
Narration: *Pull the trigger now, and everything will end―*
Narration: *You won't have to fear the night any longer―*
Narration: *―Don't you remember what you came here to do?*
Narration: *―Why are you standing in this room, Kazami Yuuji?*
Narration: *―What are you to Makina?*
Yuuji: ...I know... I'm her "father"... I promised the girl... I'd become her father...
Kiyoka: ...Wait... what are you talking about...? Please listen... Please stop this... Don't kill me...
Kiyoka: What did I... ever do to you? It's not like I killed Makina... If I've done something wrong, then I'll apologize... Please... forgive me... I'm begging you... I'll do anything...
Narration: *Haha... what an awful face...*
Narration: *But... I've got the feeling... I've seen it somewhere before...*
Narration: *Where was it...?*
Makina: ...*Hic*... No... No more... *Sob*... Mom, you liar...! *Sob*... 
Narration: *Aah... now I get it... She looks just like Makina...*
Narration: *Well, of course she does... They're parent and child, after all...*
Narration: *It's only natural, right...*
Narration: *Hahah...*
Kiyoka: ...Hey... are you listening to me...? Please!
Yuuji: ...Shut up...

Yuuji: ...All right, this is goodbye...
Kiyoka: ...Wai...!!
Narration: *...Makina... it's over...*
Narration: *I... put an end to everything...*
Narration: *This was... for the best, wasn't it...?*
Narration: *Right... Makina...?*
Yuuji: Aah... that's right. I've got to... get back... Have to meet Makina tomorrow...
SP: In here! Hurry!!
Narration: *From outside, there's the sound of several people approaching the room.*
Narration: *Guess someone finally looked up my driver's license... Or maybe Miss Sawada out there reached the alarm button on sheer willpower...*
Narration: *In any case... seems like I don't have much time to waste dawdling around.*
Yuuji: Aah... goddammit, what a pain in the ass...
Narration: *My head's killing me...*
SP: ...Open the door! Hurry!!
Narration: *Sounds like the guards who rushed into the next room are hurling their bodies against the door in an attempt to break it down. But if the door was that easy to knock open, it's not like I would've bothered unlocking it myself.*
Yuuji: ...Here, I'll get that for you...
Narration: *I twist the knob and open it from the inside, stepping into Sawada's office in one smooth motion.*
Narration: *The men in black suits outside start with surprise as the door swings open. I bring my gun to bear and pull the trigger without hesitation.*
Narration: *First, the man directly in front of me. A double-tap into the abdomen.*
SP: ...Gwaaah!!
Narration: *As his partner falls, the other man hurriedly reaches for the P220JP in his holster. My next shot lands in his elbow.*
SP2: ...Guh!!
Narration: *Unfortunately, this man's got good reflexes.*
Narration: *Even as he falls backward from the impact to his elbow, his hand closes around the gun in his holster, firing off a shot in my general direction.*
Yuuji: ...Gah... Gh...!!
Narration: *It wasn't like he had time to aim. But by sheer bad luck, the bullet directly strikes my left thigh.*
Narration: *A gaping hole opens in the trousers of my uniform, and a round clump of blood spurts violently out of the wound.*
Narration: *Quickly suppressing the injury with my free hand, I jump to the side and return fire.*
Yuuji: ...Bastard...!
Narration: *But the man's quick to recover as well.*
Narration: *Rolling backward with the force of my bullet, he pulls out his gun from its holster and smoothly transfers the weapon to his undamaged weak hand. Before I can get a bead, he squeezes off multiple shots.*
Yuuji: ...Goddammit...!
Narration: *The muzzle flash and the sound of the bullets striking the wall behind me are simultaneous. Dodging isn't an option at this distance. *
Narration: *Impacts to my right flank and left shoulder. A harsh buzzing like the wings of a wasp; half my left ear is gone.*
Yuuji: ...Gah... ah...!!
Narration: *I don't have the luxury of counting my bullets, let alone lining up a perfect shot. Pulling the trigger again and again, I rush forward at the man.*
Yuuji: Get the hell OUT OF MY WAY!!!
Narration: *It's a point-blank battle. Almost like two boxers walking to the middle of a ring and slamming away at each other until one falls.*
Narration: *Some detached part of me laughs scornfully: "Not exactly a sniper's sort of fight." And as my opponent falters, I burst past him into hallway.*
SP2: ...Wait!!
Narration: *Don't think I've ever met an assassin who'll "wait" when you ask them to.*
Narration: *But as I continue my sprint for the emergency exit, my knee abruptly gives out underneath me. Without time to ready myself for the fall, I crash face-first into the floor.*
Yuuji: ...Ugh...!!
Narration: *Aah... goddammit... fucking hurts...*
Narration: *I force myself to my knees, dragging my body up off the ground. The blood streaming out of my nose drips heavily from my chin, staining the carpet below.*
Yuuji: ...Don't screw with me, you piece of shit...
Narration: *Bracing myself with a hand on the wall, I support my wounded left leg protectively. Somehow, I manage to stand. To crawl forward toward the emergency exit.*
Yuuji: ...Wait up, Makina... I'll definitely... come pick you up...
Date: *September 5, 2011, 07:27 - "Ichigaya"*
JB: Good morning, Chiara...
Chiara: Ah, good morning, Chief. Did you get a good night's sleep?
JB: Is that some kind of a joke...? Irisu Global's representative director was assassinated under our collective noses... and what's more, our mad dog was the criminal... I haven't had the time for so much as a nap...
Chiara: But it looks like the window-dressing for the mass media went smoothly enough. They've been running the same news all morning, you know? "Was a certain country's spy responsible for the crime!?" and all...
JB: Well, that's good... I was having a rather hard time choosing between that and a "crazed believer from a certain religious group," actually... 
Chiara: Aah... But that group seems to have lost its teeth after their founder was captured, you know...? A little behind the times there... I think the terrorist story was probably the right choice.
JB: It's all the same in the end... Nagato-cho's in utter chaos right now... not to mention Wall Street, London, and Nihonbashi Kabuto-cho...

Narration: *Yeah, that's right... This woman's not worthy to be called a "mother," but... they're still parent and child...*
Narration: *And when you kill your parent... even if they're the scum of the earth... you'll regret it for the rest of your life...*
Narration: *...Goddammit... It's no good... Now I'm remembering...*
Narration: *I... can't kill...*
Yuuji: Hah... haha... ahahahahahaha!! It's no good!! I'm no good after all!! Ahahahahahahahah!!
Narration: *What a joke... What a complete goddamn joke... What the hell am I doing...? *
Narration: *Falling flat onto my backside on the spot, I explode into roars of laughter.*
Kiyoka: ...!!
Narration: *It's the briefest of chances, but Irisu Kiyoka seizes it.*
Narration: *As I laugh with the deranged bitterness of a man who's given up on the world itself, the woman's hand leaps for the alarm button under her desk.  *
Narration: *And in that moment, I really, truly don't give a damn. About her. About myself. About anything in the world.*
Narration: *There are hurried footsteps in the corridor within seconds. The sound of someone bursting into the secretary's office.*
Narration: *"Guess that's that..."*
Narration: *"Well... for a piece of shit like me... I guess it was a pretty respectable showing..."*
Narration: *The thought fills me with something like resignation. My throbbing heart slows; the red-hot flame in the center of my mind grows cold and still.*
Narration: *The guards in the office outside are throwing their bodies against the door, aggravated by its refusal to open.*
Narration: *For some reason, their obvious irritation strikes me as somewhat amusing.*
SP: ...Dammit! 12-gauge! Bring the rifled slugs! Hurry!! 
Narration: *So they're going to break out the "Master Key," huh...?*
Narration: *Guess that means... they're probably not our people...*
Narration: *Well, not that I particularly care at this point...*
Narration: *It's a simple trick. Take a shotgun with massive 12-gauge ammunition and blast away the upper and lower hinges on the left, then the area by the lock.*
Narration: *Not pretty, but it opens just about any door. Hence the nickname. *
Narration: *Soon enough the door's smashed violently inward. A man in black bursts into the room shoulder-first, leading with one leg like a charging martial artist, his automatic pointed to the ground.*
Kiyoka: ...Help me!! Kill the boy immediately!! He's a terrorist!!
Narration: *I see... They're going to turn me into a "terrorist," huh...?*
Narration: *JB must've been the one who prepared that scenario... Wonder if I'll be from the "north" or the "east"...? Well, probably the north...*
SP: Freeze!! Drop your weapon!!
Narration: *Drop my weapon, he says... Unfortunately, I already tossed my gun on the floor before you even came in, Rambo...*
Narration: *Why the hell would I bother fighting back this late in the game...? Just dispose of me however you like...*
Makina: ...Yeah... gotcha. I'll be waitin'... so make sure you come, all right...?
Narration: *Aah... shit... that's right... I promised Makina, didn't I...?*
Narration: *Sorry, kid... I screwed up...*
Narration: *Don't think I'll be able to come pick you up... I really am sorry, Makina...*
Kiyoka: ...Just kill him already!!
SP: But... he's not resisting!
Kiyoka: What does that matter!? That boy assaulted me! Kill him!!
SP: ...Kuh...! Take him into custody!!
Narration: *The two security police have already placed themselves between me and Irisu Kiyoka, completely sheltering her body.*
Narration: *Wouldn't think the woman was bawling like a baby a minute ago. The instant she's standing behind someone's back, her voice gets a lot louder...*
Narration: *That side of you... really does remind me of my old man...*
Yuuji: ...Heheh...
Narration: *A weak laugh, tinged with self-mockery, pushes its way out of my lungs.*
Narration: *The largest of the SP officers reaches out to restrain me. Probably looking to grab my wrist, yank it behind my back, then press my chest to the floor with his knee.*
Yuuji: ...Ow... gh...!!
Narration: *The instant that massive baseball-mitt of a hand seizes my right wrist with bone-crushing force, I reflexively try to pull it free. *
SP: ...Settle down, punk!!
Yuuji: ...Ugh...!
Narration: *Circling behind me, the man strikes the side of my head with a three-stage extendable baton. A tingling warmth spreads in the back of my nose.*
Narration: *That attitude pisses me off.*
Narration: *He has power. I have none. I'm not even resisting. He still knocks me around.*
Narration: *That's perfectly normal to him. Comes as naturally as breathing. And all of a sudden, it makes me very, very angry.*
Narration: *My right hand twists instinctively in his grip. I lean back, shifting my weight to my waist; pushing myself up off the ground, I jerk his wrist sharply upward as I turn to face him.*
SP: ...Gah!? Ah!?
Yuuji: ...Hoooo...
Narration: *Even as I exhale the air in my lungs through pursed lips, my left hand reaches for the man's eyes. But he's ready for it.*
Narration: *His baton falls to the ground; his open hand catches my wrist.*
SP: ...Goddammit... you... little...!!
Narration: *We've each got a hold of a wrist now. It's become a contest of strength.*
Narration: *Against a muscle-monster like this, a simple grappling match isn't going to end well.*
Narration: *With a small twitch of my captured wrist, I abruptly let the muscles in my arm go slack, no longer resisting his attempt to overpower me. The man's torso lurches forward, destabilizing his body's center of gravity.*
SP: ...Ugh!
Narration: *I don't give him a chance to regain his balance. Guiding his arm up and over my shoulder, I step forward, trying to use the weight of his unbalanced upper body as leverage for a throw―*
SP: ...Gnh!! Ah! Little... bastard...!!
Yuuji: ...Know how to plant yourself...
Narration: *But guys who've done judo are seriously difficult to uproot.*
Narration: *Abruptly changing tactics, I release my grip on his left wrist with a little jerk to the side. Again taken by surprise, he waves his hands in circles like a beginner on a balance beam.*
SP2: Stop resisting!!
Narration: *As I move to tackle my opponent, the SP who'd been hanging back to guard Irisu Kiyoka lunges at me from behind.*
Narration: *Quickly twisting around as we tumble across the floor, I lift my legs into the air, then push forward off my back and drive my toes into the onrushing officer's gut.*
SP2: ...Gwoh!? Gahah!!
Narration: *Using the backlash from my kick, I roll forward over the stomach and chest of the man who collapsed with me.*
Narration: *The momentum carries me to my feet above the prone policeman. I instantly drop my knee down onto his throat like the blade of a guillotine.*
SP: Gaaaaah!! Aghaaah!!
Narration: *Maintaining the pressure, I frantically search for the gun I abandoned earlier, but it's already been kicked into a corner of the room. Much too far for me to reach out and grab.*
Narration: *"...Need a weapon...!"*
Narration: *The man pinned underneath my knee seems a good option, but when I flip back his jacket, there's no gun strapped to his armpit. Must be a hip holster.*
Narration: *Clicking my tongue in irritation, I reflexively grab the golden ballpoint pen peeking out from the breast pocket of his oxford shirt.*
SP3: ...Don't move!!
Narration: *The third of Irisu Kiyoka's defenders brings his shotgun to bear.*
Narration: *"You want to shoot? Go ahead!"*
Narration: *I grab the man underneath me by the back collar of his suit and tumble away, pulling his body with me as a human shield.*
SP3: ...Goddammit!!
Narration: *Doesn't matter if you've got rifled slugs or double-o buckshot at this range. There's no way for him to shoot me without killing his comrade as well.*
Narration: *No one from Sakuradamon would ever make that choice. In the first place, not relying on firearms except when strictly necessary is a point of pride in that organization.*
Narration: *That said, I've got three opponents. One of them may be out of the picture, but if I just sit here, the others will subdue me.*
Narration: *"What do I do...?"*
SP2: ...Uu... guh... *Hack*... *Wheeze*... kahah...
Narration: *While I'm stalling, the man I'd knocked down with a kick to the solar plexus totters to his feet. There's no more time to hesitate.*
Narration: *"...What do I do!?*
Narration: *As my eyes dart around the room, I tighten my grip on my human shield's collar, bending his body backward like a bow against my knee. And in that moment, something slips out of his jacket and tumbles noisily onto the floor.*
Narration: *"...CS, huh...?"*
Narration: *It's a palm-sized spray can. Almost looks like a plain black bottle of deodorant at a glance. But the contents are without a doubt chlorobenzylidenemalononitrile - in other words, tear gas.  *
Narration: *I quickly pick up the can and fire a blast into the face of the approaching officer.*
SP2: ...Gwaahhh! Owaaaah!! Gweeeeh!!
Narration: *Although it certainly seems effective, it's not the kind of CS my company would be using. The chemical's sprayed out as a diffuse mist, so it can't be used against distant opponents.*
SP3: ...Look out!! Get back!! Cover your nose and mouth with a handkerchief!! 
Narration: *But the gas, riding the currents of the room's air conditioning, begins to flow toward Irisu Kiyoka and her third guard...*
Narration: *Struck suddenly by a plan of sorts, I jab the golden ballpoint pen in my hand into the side of the spray can with all my might.*
Narration: *I instantly cover my nose and mouth with the cuff of my work uniform. Tears are already pouring from my eyes in streams.*
Narration: *Pulling out the pen from the canister, I hurl the little gas grenade at the man with the shotgun.*
SP3: ...Uugh! What the―!? It's dangerous! Get down!!
Narration: *Probably acting on pure instinct as an SP officer, the man throws Irisu Kiyoka to the ground, covering her body protectively with his own.*
Narration: *"...Now...!!"*
Narration: *I leap to my feet, mouth buried in the crook of my arm, and bolt for the door. On the verge of escaping, I notice a large tabletop lighter in the shape of a goddess on the reception desk and reach out to grab it.*
SP3: ...*Hack!!* Gohoh!! Wait!!!
Narration: *There's the sound of a shotgun being pumped behind me. Now that I've left my shield behind, he has no reason to hold back.*
SP3: ...Halt!! Gehoh! *Hack!!*
Yuuji: ...Gwaaah!?!
Narration: *An impact to my right shoulder like the blow of a giant's hammer. My field of vision is instantly dyed in shades of red.*
Narration: *The bone-shattering shock travels through my skeleton, shaking my skull violently. The twelve-gauge blast is powerful enough to explode capillaries across the right half of my body; blood forced out of its vessels gathers in my eyes.*
Narration: *Tumbling forward through the door, I instinctively try to push myself up off the thick carpet, but my right arm's completely powerless. I collapse awkwardly to the floor.*
Yuuji: ...Ah... guh...
Narration: *Lifting myself up a little with pure abdominal strength, I reach over to my right shoulder. Or what's left of it. The muscle and flesh are simply gone; my fingers sink easily into a massive wound.*
Narration: *"It's fine... I won't die!!"*
Narration: *There's no real reason to believe that.*
Narration: *But unless I convince myself it's true, I'm going to fall to the ground and lie there paralyzed.*
Narration: *"It's fine... This is nothing... Just a scratch... Human beings don't die that easily... There's no problem here!"*
Narration: *Repeating the words in my mind like a mantra, I gather my willpower into a swirling vortex deep inside my gut.*
Narration: *"...Stand up...!!"*
Narration: *I force my knees to push my body erect, but my legs shake like those of a newborn foal. I can't get to my feet.*
Narration: *From behind, the sound of a shotgun being pumped. Cold dread shoots through my spine.*
Narration: *Looking over my shoulder, I find the man with the gun scrubbing his eyes vigorously with the cuff of his suit as he hacks and wheezes painfully.*
Narration: *He's in no shape to line up a shot. But at this range, even a blindly fired warning shot could easily kill me.*
Narration: *I bite down on my lower lip fiercely enough to draw blood, willing my convulsing legs to support my weight, begging myself to stand.*
Narration: *"I've got to hurry... Backup... might arrive any minute..."*
Narration: *I have to get out of here. Now.*
Narration: *Leaning heavily against the wall, I rise to my feet. Slowly, painfully, I leave the president's office behind, the cigar-lighting goddess tucked under my arm.*
Yuuji: ...Just be patient, Makina... I'll definitely... come pick you up...
Narration: *Reaching the passage, I hold the statue up to the fire alarm above and bathe it in a small blast of flame.*
Narration: *Every emergency door in the building will be automatically unlocked when the fire alarm goes off. With this done, I can slip into and out of any floor.*
Narration: *After pushing my way out onto the emergency staircase through the exit with the sensor I disabled earlier, I jam the enormous lighter in between the handrail and the door's lever, rendering it impossible to open from the inside.*
Yuuji: ...Got to... get this patched up somewhere...
Narration: *Maybe the gunshot was too large a trauma to process, but it doesn't really hurt at the moment.*
Narration: *Some part of my brain's probably decided I'd die of shock if I became aware of the pain.*
Yuuji: ...I swear to god... The world's too damn round. It's impossible to walk straight...
Narration: *Propelling myself from one near-fall to the next on trembling legs, I flee into the night.*
Date: *September 5, 2011, 07:20 - "Ichigaya"*
JB: Good morning, Chiara...
Chiara: Ah, good morning, Chief. Did you get a good night's sleep?
JB: Do I look like I've slept? As if I'd have the time after something like that... I pulled an all-nighter arranging the window-dressing for the press...
Chiara: Ooh... Incidentally, Chief, is it just me or have you lost a little weight?
JB: ...I took a look at the scale this morning. Three kilos lighter than last week...
Chiara: Oh my! I'm so envious!
JB: Sure, it's easy for you to laugh... You got relieved at midnight, went home, took a shower, and had a nice bowl of ramen before bed, right? By the way, it's no wonder you're putting on the pounds with a diet like that...
Chiara: ...Okay, why do you know that!?
JB: Oh, please. It's hardly a challenge to predict your behavior, dear. How many years do you think I've been doing this job?
Chiara: ...Oh, man. Don't tell me you've installed cameras and mics in my room or something...
JB: Sorry, whyyy exactly would I be cutting into my precious one percent of the budget to spy on the likes of you?
Chiara: ...Yeah, guess you have a point there.
JB: More importantly, do we have a fix on 9029's movements after fleeing the scene?
Chiara: Nope, we've still got nothing... The last information we received was that unconfirmed sighting of someone who resembled him near Ueno Station at 1 AM...
JB: ...I see...
Chiara: ...I guess... he might just be lying dead in a ditch somewhere...
JB: He wasn't trained to roll over and die as easily as that...
Chiara: ...But... according to the public safety officers who responded to the scene, he supposedly received a fatal gunshot wound... And the observers we dispatched to the site confirmed stains suggesting potentially lethal blood loss...
JB: But his corpse wasn't found... which means we assume he's alive.
Chiara: ...Well, I hope you're right...
JB: ............
Chiara: Ah, don't get me wrong! I didn't mean that I'm rooting for 9029 or anything! And I know you wouldn't shelter him, Chief... I wasn't trying to imply anything!
JB: Yes, I understand that...
Chiara: But really... I wonder where he went...? It's not like there's anywhere for him to return to...
JB: What about Irisu Makina's hospital? Have we posted anyone there?
Chiara: No, nobody... I mean, the Irisu didn't make any request to that effect... She's still sleeping in her bed as always. Wonder what happens to her now?  
JB: Who knows...? Apparently Irisu Kiyoka will be flying overseas at four this afternoon... taking her daughter Sarina with her... 
Chiara: They're leaving Makina behind...?
JB: So long as 9029's death isn't confirmed, I doubt she's eager to take the risk of touching the girl.
Chiara: Aah... Our Number 9029 is rather stubborn, after all... Even if she runs overseas, he'd probably track her to the ends of the earth...
Chiara: ...Uhm, wasn't there some saying about 9029's tenacity? What was it again?
JB: ..."Being targeted by 9029 is like struggling to push out a turd that just doesn't know when to quit," I believe.
JB: Those eloquent words were spoken by the leader of a Cuban narcotics cartel twelve years ago, describing the previous 9029...
Chiara: Well, no matter how many times it changes hands, the name 9029 inspires fear... It's our "ace number," so to speak... 
Chiara: ...Wonder if I'll end up as the case officer to a 9029 myself, someday...?
JB: Well, why not...? Should the current 9029's death be confirmed, and we find ourselves a new candidate to inherit the number... I don't mind letting you have a try.
Chiara: Ah... really? Uh... but I don't really know if I could handle it. Every I-9029 we've had gave their CO nothing but grief... Insubordination, rule-breaking, ignoring orders... That's a job that comes with a lot of tears...  
JB: Come on. It does wonders for the waistline, you know?
Chiara: I don't know. Looking at you, Chief, all I can think is... I don't want to grow old while I'm still young...
JB: What exactly does that mean!?
Chiara: C'mon, I'm just teasing!
Chiara: Whooopsy! An urgent report at a convenient moment!!
JB: From where!?
Chiara: ...Err... Oh. Okay, it's just the regular 7:30 report from Irisu Makina's hospital... Shall I read it out?
JB: Please do...
Chiara: Uhm... as of 6:30 this morning, it seems Irisu Makina has regained consciousness...
JB: I see... That's good to hear.
Chiara: Apparently she's still rather disoriented, but her vitals are extremely stable... That is a bit of good news, isn't it?
JB: Yes, that it is... I'll have to stop by for a little sympathy visit later and inform her of the situation...
Chiara: Don't forget the baumkuchen.
JB: Indeed, can't forget the baumkuchen...
Narration: *Not that I took Chiara's frivolous banter seriously or anything, but I do stop at a western-style cake shop near Irisu Makina's hospital to buy a baumkuchen prior to my visit that afternoon.*
Narration: *When I return to my car, the 1seg broadcast on my navigation system is still buzzing with reports concerning the attempted assassination at Irisu Global HQ last night.*

Date: *August 18, 2011, 19:40 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Narration: *―Normally, Makina's so clingy it's outright irritating. But every once in a while, she'll suddenly disappear on you.*
Narration: *For example, when she gets all stubborn over some small thing and ends up getting in a fight.*
Narration: *Or maybe cranky mornings after nights full of bad dreams...*
Narration: *When she doesn't want to let anyone see her face, Makina will quietly vanish.*
Narration: *But it's not as though the girl melts away into thin air. She always leaves her clues behind.*
Narration: *When a woman says "don't look for me," it means "come find me right now."*
Narration: *I think it was my big sister who taught me that, when I was still very young...*
Narration: *And this discarded sock caught unnaturally in Makina's door is probably her silent "Don't look for me." *
Yuuji: Makina... you in there?
Narration: *Entering Makina's room for the first time, I find it dim and gloomy.*
Narration: *I flick the switch on the wall next to the door, but the lights don't come on.*
Narration: *A dark, empty room...*
Narration: *There's nothing in the way of furniture, none of the daily necessities of life.*
Narration: *The girl carried everything she uses regularly into Amane's room, leaving nothing behind here. As if prepared to disappear at any moment.*
Narration: *Almost like a cat making its own lonely grave.*
Narration: *Makina's nearly empty room is lit only by moonlight trickling in through the window. When my eyes adjust to find her curled up tightly on the floor, my heart gives a little jump of surprise.*
Narration: *It feels almost like I'm looking at myself in the old days. As though the unpleasant memories I've tried to lock away have forced their way into reality.*
Yuuji: ...Makina...
Narration: *I kneel by her side and gently reach out to Makina's cheek. still damp from before she cried herself to sleep.*
Narration: *It's warmer to the touch than I'd expected.*
Narration: *When I rest a hand on her small fist, the girl reflexively seizes hold of my fingers and squeezes them tightly. Just like an overgrown infant.*
Narration: *She can't ask anyone for help.*
Narration: *She knows her friends will do everything they can if she does...*
Narration: *But even so, she can't ask.*
Narration: *Anyone she turns to for help will suffer for it. Because the girl understands that, her lips are sealed.*
Narration: *She doesn't want to cause trouble for the people she cares for. It would be too painful to have them grow resentful or exasperated with her weakness.*
Narration: *So instead, she curls up in a dark place where no one can see her and wishes she was dead. She dreams of fading away quietly, without bothering anyone.*
Narration: *When you're warped this badly, an uncertain hand tentatively outstretched can bring nothing but pain.*
Narration: *Still, I can't help but reach out to touch her.*
Narration: *Even knowing my hypocrisy will hurt Makina, I can't do anything else.*
Narration: *In the old days, when I'd stopped caring about anything... my master simply turned back, reached out a hand, and said "Grab hold." And today, I can only do the same.*
Narration: *After that, it all comes down to whether she can find the willpower to take it.*
Narration: *Honestly, I'm disgusted with myself. I hate that I don't have any other answers. I want to do something for her. Those feelings churn around fruitlessly in my head, producing nothing but frustration.*
Narration: *Before I even know what I'm doing, I take Makina's chin in my hand, then kiss her pink and slightly parted lips.*
Narration: *The girl's mouth smells like sugary bubblegum.*
Narration: *I've touched these lips several times before, but today they're disturbingly cold. There's something ephemeral about the experience... It almost feels like she'll die unless I warm them up.*
Makina: ...Papa...
Yuuji: Did I wake you up...?
Makina: ...Nah... I was awake...
Yuuji: You don't say...
Makina: That's th' first time... you kissed me, insteada the other way around...
Yuuji: Is it...?
Makina: You're okay with kissin' me... so why don't you ever take things any further...?
Yuuji: Because I'm your "father." I'm not going to do anything you don't want me to.
Makina: ...It's okay, ya know? I wouldn't say no... not to you...
Narration: *All of a sudden, the somber atmosphere seems to transform completely.*
Narration: *Makina's not exactly a girl you'd associate with the word "seductive." Her childish innocence practically defines her. But right now, she's got a surprisingly dirty twinkle in her eye...*
Narration: *No matter how youthful the girl may look, it seems she's at least managed to pick up the slyness of an adult woman.*
Yuuji: ...What's this, all of a sudden? Did your mother... say something?
Makina: ............
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Makina: ...Nothin', really...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Makina doesn't elaborate.*
Narration: *Her voice is tinged with resignation. As though she's decided that talking won't do any good. The sound's unpleasantly cold to my ears.*
Makina: You did lotsa stuff for me, Papa... so I'll do anything for you... Why don'tcha have yer way with me...?
Yuuji: Look, Makina...
Narration: *I heave a brief sigh, scratching at my head in bemusement.*
Yuuji: Just like women want that sort of emotional connection and comfort level, men need their reasons and excuses to sleep with someone...
Makina: ...Do ya really need a reason to have sex with a girl?
Yuuji: It's easy enough to take advantage of overwrought women... but it's sort of a matter of pride...
Makina: ...Me sayin' I want you to sleep with me... isn't good enough...?
Yuuji: If you sleep with a man just to distract yourself, you'll end up regretting it.
Makina: ...I won't regret this. Even if I do, you can just say ya told me so... an' laugh...
Narration: *As she speaks, Makina puts both her hands on the wooden floor and lurches unsteadily up off the ground.*
Yuuji: ...Hey...
Narration: *I reflexively reach out a hand to support the girl as she wobbles precariously, but she wards it off with a little slap. *
Makina: ...I can get up myself... I'm not a child...
Yuuji: Isn't being pointlessly stubborn over things like that more than a little childish...?
Makina: ...I'm not a child... I'm not...
Narration: *Makina makes it to her feet, unsteady as a newborn foal, and leans back against the window with a thump― *
Narration: *Then reaches her small, stubby hands to her collarbone, seizing the ribbon of her school uniform.*
Makina: ...Well? I'm not... a child, right...?
Yuuji: ...Ah, I see...
Narration: *...Hm. Actually, I'm having a hard time following the logic here.*
Narration: *The first word that comes to mind is "underdeveloped." Perhaps because of Amane's corrective efforts, the band and bust have grown differently, producing the so-called triangular shape. On the whole, they're the very picture of "tiny tits."*
Narration: *The way they point sharply upward feels almost like a weak attempt at self-assertion - "We are swelling a little bit, for what it's worth!" - inspiring something almost like pity.*
Narration: *If I were to yell "You're not making a convincing case here, kid!" and deliver a karate chop to the dome of her head, this runaway train would probably come crashing to a halt.*
Narration: *But you've got to give the girl credit for her effort and courage, right?*
Narration: *Taking in the spectacle, I vigorously nod my head in approval of nothing in particular.*
Makina: Hey, Papa... take... my virginity...
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Narration: *This little punk... I'd always known she was cheeky, but now she's actually trying to seduce me...?*
Makina: Or maybe... yer not interested...? Don't wanna sleep with a girl like me...? I'll let ya do anything you want, ya know...? 
Narration: *Ah. I was wondering where this was coming from... Sounds like she might've gotten a few ideas from Amane...?*
Narration: *Well, no. Shouldn't pass the buck... I'm the one who made her say all this...*
Yuuji: So... you're ready for this...?
Makina: ...Yeah...
Yuuji: All right, Makina, come here. I'll determine whether you're a woman worth sleeping with. 
Makina: ...How ya gonna determine that...?
Yuuji: First of all, show me your happy hole. The discussion comes after that.
Makina: ...Huh? Ah, waaaah!?
Yuuji: Hold up your skirt a little, will you? It's in the way.
Makina: Ah... y-yeah...
Yuuji: ...Hmph... Black, huh? Pointlessly sexy panties, as always...
Makina: ...It ain't my fault. Ama-nee picked 'em out... She said this kind's better... 
Yuuji: ...I'm taking them off, all right?
Makina: ...Ah... uuh... uuuu... I-I can take 'em off myself...
Yuuji: Stupid girl. Hasn't Amane taught you that making the man take them off is more exciting?
Makina: Ama-nee's all talk, an' a virgin too... She doesn't teach me any of that stuff, ya know?
Yuuji: Well, whatever. Here, get those legs up...
Makina: ...Uuu...
Makina: ...Can ya see it...?
Yuuji: ...Uh...
Narration: *Well, crap...*
Narration: *I've been dismissing this girl as a "kid" all this time, but... seems I might've underestimated her...*
Narration: *True, the word "underdeveloped" still applies. Especially on the visual level.*
Narration: *For example, her crotch's pure white, without a single visible hair...*
Narration: *And then we have that noticeable bulge of fat in her abdomen. It's enough to make a guy want to mutter "Couldn't you spare a little of that for the breasts?"*
Narration: *But still, maybe Amane does know what she's talking about... That ridiculously adult black underwear provided a good contrast with the pale vagina that comes into view beneath...*
Narration: *How can I put this...? You do get the feeling this fruit's not quite ripe for the picking yet, but there's definitely a tempting feminine scent in the air.*
Makina: ...Might be a li'l on the small side, but... it's real stretchy an' all... I'm sure yer gonna fit inside just fine...
Narration: *With this remark, Makina proceeds to spread apart the pronounced lips of her vagina.*
Narration: *...Hold on a second... That thing really does stretch like crazy...*
Narration: *...Maybe I really could fit in there...?*
Makina: ...Hey... ya getting a good look...? See... it can stretch this far just fine... Looks pretty soft, right...? Wanna put it in...? C'mon, put it in already...
Yuuji: ...Makina, my friend...
Makina: Uu... W-What...?
Yuuji: Can I touch it?
Makina: ...Uhm... just a li'l bit, okay?
Yuuji: All right then, just a little bit...
Narration: *Having gained Makina's consent, I bring my right thumb to her clitoris, then liberate it from its protective hood of skin with a firm push.*
Makina: ...Hegyuu...!
Yuuji: "Hegyuu?"
Makina: I-It's... nothin', nothin' at all. I was just a li'l surprised, ya know? Go ahead... 
Narration: *All right then, don't mind if I do.*
Yuuji: ...Hm? This is...
Makina: ...W-What? Is there somethin' weird about my vajayjay...?
Yuuji: Not weird, no... Also, spare me the "vajayjay."
Narration: *The "vajayjay" in question is perfectly normal, apart from a certain not unpleasant plumpness. A perfectly respectable piece of virgin pussy you could display anywhere without shame.*
Narration: *However, the clitoris that's emerged above is a different story.*
Narration: *I mean, isn't this thing a little too big...?*
Yuuji: ...I bet you just play with your clitoris when you masturbate, right...?
Makina: ...Uu... c'mooon...
Narration: *So we've got a modest virgin vagina with full marks in the youthfulness department, and a giant clit that you can't help wanting to flick with your finger until she whimpers and cries... What's with this lack of balance?*
Makina: ...Is my vajayjay... weird-lookin'...? Ama-nee said it was cute, ya know?
Yuuji: It's definitely a little unbalanced, but I don't dislike it. That clit looks like it'd be worth teasing.
Makina: ...Then... get teasin'... Why don't ya just get to it...? Tease that sucker good...
Yuuji: The hell're you saying, kid...?
Makina: ...Make me squeal like a pig tonight...!
Yuuji: No, seriously, what the hell are you saying!?
Narration: *...Well, I guess you can't expect much else from Makina.*
Narration: *In any case... I suppose playing with her clitoris until she goes limp from exhaustion wouldn't be such a bad solution to this dilemma...*
Narration: *Bringing my face close to her squishy-soft crotch, I get things started by sticking out my tongue and sliding it up the length of her vulval lips.*
Makina: ...Hyuu!!
Narration: *Spreading open Makina's labia with my left and right thumbs, I give her exposed clitoris a long lick, then begin turning it over roughly with the tip of my tongue.*
Makina: ...Noooo... ah... aah... aaah... shtooop, I'll bweak...
Narration: *Spare me the "Bweak," kid.*
Narration: *...Wait, maybe it's actually appropriate in this situation...?*
Narration: *Picking up Makina's legs even higher, I nuzzle against her clit with my nose and slide the tip of my tongue into her vaginal opening.*
Makina: Uu... uuu... yer tongue's... goin' in... noohooo... Don't churn it around like that... Yer gonna make me... I'm gonna overflow...!
Narration: *Just as the girl warned, a thin trickle of acidic fluid seeps out onto my tongue.*
Narration: *And as I persistently lap it up, a thick and mildly bitter liquid starts spilling out from the lower part of her vagina...*
Narration: *Makina's whole body has something sugary about it, and her sexual fluids are no exception. Compared to the usual bitter flavor, it's actually a bit salty and slightly sweet... Kind of a complex taste...  *
Makina: ...Uu... uuuu...
Narration: *Soon, the girl loses the focus necessary to babble. Biting down on her lower lip, she moans in a voice that sounds almost pained.*
Narration: *Her anus puckers tightly shut, and I notice her lower abdomen's starting to bulge a little... probably from a slight swelling in the womb.*
Narration: *Choosing my timing carefully, I abruptly move my mouth to her stiffly erect clitoris, then suck up on it briefly but roughly.*
Makina: ...Nn... eee! Heee... nn... fuh... nnn! Mnnnngh!!! 
Narration: *Makina wrinkles her brow and tries to endure a mild but protracted orgasm. *
Narration: *As the pleasure crawls slowly but steadily up her spine, her body begins to tremble violently underneath me, and...*
Makina: ...Nooo... Papa... run away...
Yuuji: ...Run away...?
Narration: *To where...?*
Narration: *Or rather... why?*
Makina: ...Hyaaaaaaah!! Shtooooooooooop!!!!!
Yuuji: ...Upsh!
Makina: ...Ah, ah... ah... Shtop... shtoooop... No mooore... It's comin' out... It's all... comin' out... uu... auuuu...
Narration: *..............*
Narration: *...Why is it... that so many women can't control their bladders worth a damn...?*
Narration: *And I took a direct hit to the face... Sure, I'd let down my guard a little, but talk about dimwitted...*
Yuuji: ...You got me good... My uniform's soaked...
Makina: Uu... ah... I-I'm sorry... Forgive me? I didn't mean to... Don't get mad... nn... nmm... *Smack*... *Slurp*...
Narration: *Makina hurriedly grabs my school uniform and pulls me close, then starts running her tongue over my urine-drenched face.*
Yuuji: Look, it's all right. I'm not angry.
Makina: Really...? I'm seriously sorry, ya know...? I didn't do it on purpose... Here, let's get those off...
Yuuji: Hey... the hell... Why're you starting from the bottom...?
Narration: *It's mainly my face and shoulders that got wet, but for some reason Makina grabs hold of my lower body, then starts to mess around with my belt.*
Makina: ...Ya still got a stiffy...?
Yuuji: Well, yeah...
Makina: Okay then, since I'm takin' off yer clothes anyway... wanna do it?
Yuuji: ...Can't I at least take a bath first?
Makina: Yer just lookin' for an excuse to run away...
Yuuji: Uh, no... Look, just let go for a second. I won't run. Why don't we just continue in the bath...? Don't need tissues in there, and it's easier to deal with the cleanup, right?
Makina: Hoh... Alrighty then, let's do it in the bath next time. But not right now.
Yuuji: You're stubborn...
Makina: ...I won't ask ya to take responsibility or anything, ya know...? So, c'mon... Papa... 
Yuuji: Uh, I'll take responsibility even if you don't ask, but... look, kid... you're kind of small, you know...? Makes me feel a little guilty or something, I guess...
Makina: A li'l guilt is th' best spice, right? Hey, lookie here, it's a vajayjaaay. Gonna feel hella good once you stick it in, right? It's all slimy-wimy, ya know?
Yuuji: Stop rubbing it against my stomach!
Makina: ...Mm... unh... Papa... pwwwwease put your penis in... Poor li'l Makina can't wait no mohooooreee...
Yuuji: Mohoooore yourself, idiot...
Narration: *Well... to be sure, a "postponement" after coming this far isn't really an attractive option...*
Narration: *There's a part of me that isn't quite happy about the idea of having sex while half-covered in piss, but... I guess there's no helping it.*
Yuuji: All right, Makina, I'll give you what you want. Hands on the floor and butt in the air. 
Makina: ...Mmm... it's a little embarrassin', but... don't laugh at me, okay...?
Makina: ...Uu... do ya know... where to put it in? Don't go mixin' it up and stickin' it in my pooper, okay...?
Yuuji: How the hell would I mix that up? Idiot.
Narration: *If anything, now she's got me tempted to make a mischievous little mistake-on-purpose... but I suppose that'd be too cruel under the circumstances...*
Makina: ...C'mooon... put it iiin...
Yuuji: I get the message already. Calm down...
Narration: *Supporting my penis with my right hand, I nuzzle against Makina's opening, carefully arranging the positioning.*
Narration: *When I move my free hand to spread open her labia, milky whitish liquid drips out thickly, wetting the head of my penis.*
Yuuji: ...This thing's damn small...
Narration: *Am I even going to fit...?*
Narration: *I give an experimental push forward and instantly meet with fierce resistance.*
Yuuji: ...This might hurt, you know...?
Makina: Yeah... it's fine... I'll tough it out...
Yuuji: Here goes...
Makina: ...Nnnh... nngh... ghhh...
Narration: *This time, I progress slowly and carefully. As her soft folds of flesh begin to engulf the head of my cock, I feel a slight impediment ahead.*
Narration: *Suppose this would be that famous "hymen" I've heard so much about.*
Makina: ...Nnn... ow! Ah... guh... uu... uuuu...
Yuuji: Makina... don't get all tense...
Narration: *Every time the girl strains her body, my penis is pushed backward out of her.*
Yuuji: ...Take a long, deep breath... I'll push it through in one go.
Makina: Ngh... got it... *Hoooo*...
Narration: *The moment Makina begins to inhale, her tightly contracted vagina starts to bloom open slightly.*
Narration: *Taking advantage of the opportunity, I thrust my waist forward somewhat forcibly.*
Makina: ...Ugh! Ah!
Narration: *With a sensation almost like snapping a rubber band, the tip of my penis pushes its way into Makina, fighting against the powerful squeezing tightness of her vaginal walls.  *
Makina: ...Uu... uuuu... nnn... uugh...
Narration: *Perhaps a little unnerved by the unfamiliar feeling of something moving inside her, the girl emits strange groans with no apparent meaning. But her body stays still, obediently accepting me deeper and deeper inside.  *
Yuuji: ...Even with a body this small... it goes in pretty damn far, huh... 
Narration: *Chalk it up as another mystery of the female body, I guess...*
Makina: ...Nn... heee... it... hurts, Papa...
Yuuji: Sorry...
Makina: Ah... uu... is it... all in now...?
Yuuji: No... only about half...
Narration: *I did try to loosen her up thoroughly beforehand, but we're dealing with a first-timer here... and what's more, one with such a small stature...*
Narration: *Shoving it in by force worked up to a point, but it feels like this thing's going to push me right back out again if I let down my guard.*
Makina: ...It's okay... You can put it in deeper, ya know...? I'm fine...
Yuuji: All right... try to tough it out...
Makina: ...Nn... gh... ah... uwah...! Aaaah! Aaaaaah!!
Narration: *I know the girl's suffering right now, but I can't just stop...*
Narration: *At this point, calling it off... would hurt her even worse...*
Narration: *So there's no need to think to much... Just have to concentrate on the woman in front of me...*
Makina: ...Uu... ah... aah... aaaah... uugh... uuu...
Yuuji: ...Makina...
Narration: *She's desperately enduring very real pain just to please me. It's taking everything she has to twist the words "just stop" into vague moans before they can leave her mouth.*
Narration: *Holding Makina steady as she unconsciously tries to pull her waist away from the pain, I pierce myself further into her soft flesh, feeling my penis expanding slightly under the intense pressure...*
Yuuji: Sorry... Does it hurt...?
Makina: ...Uu... guh... I'm... fine... I can keep... goin', ya know...? Wanna... satisfy you, Papa... so... I'm not gonna give up...
Yuuji: ...Sorry, kid...
Makina: Don't apologize... I'm th' one... who wanted this... Hey, Papa... does my vajayjay... feel good...?
Yuuji: Yeah... it's the best...
Narration: *Not that I'd say anything this self-centered out loud, but right now, Makina's more charming than any other woman I've slept with...*
Narration: *I lower myself down over the girl, leaning the weight of my upper body onto her back, then bury my face in her fuzzy hair. *
Yuuji: ...Makina... I love you...
Makina: ...Uu...
Narration: *The moment I mumble those words against her earlobe, Makina's vagina clamps down on me even tighter than before, and a burst of hot liquid oozes out from deep inside her.*
Narration: *"...Oh crap..."*
Narration: *A jolt of panic runs through me as my mind realizes what my mouth just said.*
Narration: *Didn't I decide to keep that to myself...?*
Narration: *I was trying so hard to be Makina's father... to keep myself from showing any stronger feelings... so why'd I have to go and...*
Makina: ...Papa... d'you mean that...? Do you... really... love me...?
Narration: *Makina's vagina squeezes down softly, enveloping the length of my cock in hot lubricating fluid. Feels almost like I'm going to melt away...*
Narration: *At this point, I guess there's no reason to hide it anymore...*
Yuuji: ...I love you, Makina... as a woman...
Makina: ...Uu... ah...
Narration: *As I repeat myself, I can sense Makina's body relaxing under me, the tension draining from her legs and leaving her limp.*
Makina: ...Ah... Papa...
Yuuji: What's wrong...?
Makina: I'm... feelin' weird... My vajayjay... went squeeeeze alluva sudden... My belly's... all hot...
Yuuji: Oh... Well, nothing to be worried about... Just means your body's ready to accept me...
Makina: ...Papa... I love you too... I really do, ya know...? More than anybody else... in th' whole world...
Yuuji: I know... I feel the same way...
Makina: Hey... Papa... mess up... my vajayjay... Churn it up... with yer penis... 
Yuuji: Yeah... I'll churn it up good...
Makina: ...Ah... uugh! Ah... haah! Nn... nnn! No... way... Why...? It feels good... Papaaa... my vajayjay... feels friggin' goood...!
Yuuji: When two people who love each other have sex... of course it's going to feel good...
Makina: Uu... ah! Papa! More!! Mess me up more! Rub it... real deep...! Right there... It feels really good!  
Yuuji: ...Here?
Makina: ...Hyaaaaaaaah!!! Right thereeee! Rub me right there! I'm gonna go nuts! My head's... goin' all fluffy-wuffy!!  
Narration: *When I grind up near the opposite side of Makina's clitoris... somewhere near her bladder... the girl starts swinging her hips back and forth, breathing in rough little snorts.  *
Yuuji: ...You seem to like it here... This feel good?
Makina: ...Yeah... right there... feels good... It feels... gooood... Uu... uuuu...
Makina: ...Uu... ah... aah... ah... I'm gonna... pee again... S-Sor... I'm sorry...
Yuuji: ...Came again, eh...?
Narration: *Makina's body begins to quiver convulsively in my embrace; her womb, lowering to receive my ejaculation, sticks closely onto the tip of my penis.  *
Yuuji: ...Sorry, but... I'm not there yet... Gonna keep going, all right?
Makina: ...Uu... ah... wait, hold on... My tummy's all...
Yuuji: It's fine... I'll keep giving you nice, gentle orgasms while I'm at it... 
Makina: ...Hyah... ah... aaaaaaaaaah!
Yuuji: Your whole body's getting sensitive, isn't it... At this point... you're going numb anywhere I touch, right...?
Makina: Ah... aaah... ah... mercy... Papa... have mercy... I'm goin'... crazy... if ya keep this up... My head's gonna bweak...
Yuuji: Not to worry... Sex feels even better when you don't know left from right. Look, you're sopping wet... clinging and coiling around my dick... You've already got yourself a Grade-A pussy here, kid...  
Makina: ...Uuu... uu...
Yuuji: ...It's fine... This time I'll take it nice and slow... Picture the shape of my cock inside you... and have yourself a nice, deep orgasm...
Makina: ...Uu... yer penis... Papa's... big ol'... penis... keeps rubbin'... an' grindin'...
Yuuji: Does it feel good...?
Makina: It feels... gooood... Yer penis... feels good, Papaaa...
Yuuji: You're... not half-bad yourself...
Narration: *It's small and tight... but even so, ridiculously soft... So hot and sticky it feels like I'm going to melt... not to mention the way the mouth of her uterus keeps sucking sweetly up on me...  *
Makina: ...Papa... Papa... I... I can't anymore... My vajayjay's goin' all... squeeeeeze... It's stickin' to... yer penis again...
Makina: ...Ah... aaah... uu... uuuu... I'm c... comin'...!!
Yuuji: ...Me too, Makina...
Makina: Come... inside... Come lots an' lots, okay...? Pour it in my womb... Fill it up with come, Papa... Gimme all of it... all of yer semen...
Yuuji: ...Makina...
Narration: *Digging my fingers into Makina's rear, I force her waist tightly to mine, then ejaculate all the way inside her.*
Makina: Ah... uuh... eeee...!
Narration: *Probably stimulated by my orgasm, the inside of Makina's vagina begins trembling violently. The mouth of her uterus glues itself to the tip of my cock as if to prevent the sperm from escaping...*
Makina: Uu... ah... amazin'... Papa... that's so... much... I'm gonna... get pregnant, ya know...? Ah, aah... it's drinkin'... My womb's... gulpin' down yer come...
Yuuji: Yeah... feels like it's sucking it down...
Makina: ...Papa... I love... you...
Narration: *Keeping the tip of my penis pressed right up against Makina's womb, I ejaculate every last drop inside. My embrace seems to be the only thing keeping her body from collapsing onto the floor.*
Yuuji: ...Hey... Makina...?
Narration: *Makina's body shudders and goes utterly limp, slipping through my arms. She pitches head-first onto the wooden floor.*
Makina: ...Yowch...
Yuuji: Hey, get a hold of yourself... You all right?
Makina: ...Uuu...
Narration: *When I finally pull out of her vagina, still squeezing down tightly in the middle of a long orgasm―*
Narration: *There's a pathetic little "pop" sound, and the round hole where my cock used to be slowly begins to close back up, causing the semen inside her to flow out.  *
Makina: ...Nn... Papa... I can't stand up... Carry me...
Yuuji: ...Well, crap...
Narration: *The girl was a virgin, come to think of it... Maybe I overdid it a little...?*
Yuuji: ...For the time being, want to go take a bath...?
Makina: ...Yeah...

Yuuji: Hm? What's wrong?
Amane: That's my line. What's with the sudden silence?
Yuuji: Just thinking about something.
Amane: Ohoho. Perhaps our little Michiru-chan is on your mind?
Yuuji: Yeah, I guess. A little.
Amane: Oh! N-No kidding. Hmm...
Michiru: Punnn... skaaa... dooon!!
Michiru: Tsundere king Michiru, in the house! You called?
Yuuji: No. No, we did not.
Michiru: Hmph! Well, it's not like I called for you either!
Yuuji: Yes, I know. You don't need to get combative over every little thing.
Michiru: Combative!? Who're you calling combative!? I'm not combative! 
Amane: Uh, could have fooled me... Ooh, hey. Guess what, Michiru? Yuuji says you're "on his mind." Heheheh, I wonder what that means?
Michiru: Huh!? On his mind? Hey, what's the deal? Who's on Yuuji's what!?
Yuuji: Don't worry about it. I did say something to that effect, but it's not anything worth getting worked up about.
Michiru: Whaaat!? But now I'm curious! Tell me right now, you got that!? Swish! Jab! Kapooow!
Yuuji: ...Okay, bye.
Michiru: Huh? Ah, wait! 
Narration: *Deciding it best to withdraw before this situation takes a turn for the troublesome, I quickly leave the classroom behind.*
Michiru: Hey, hold on just a second! If you've got something to say, then why don't you just spit it out already?!
Yuuji: I have nothing to say. The end.
Michiru: Hwha!? W-Wait a second!
Narration: *Seems like the "troublesome" ship has already sailed. Sheer carelessness on my part... Women are, as a general rule, natural-born gossipers. I shouldn't have given Amane anything to work with.*
Michiru: Haa, haa, stop... walking so fast...
Yuuji: Hrm.
Michiru: Hey, hold on a sec―
Yuuji: Hrm. All right, doubt she'd chase me this far.
Michiru: Hii, hii. Haa, haa.
Michiru: J-Jerk... W-What's th' big idea... running away like that...? I'm exhausted...
Yuuji: You didn't have to follow me, you know.
Michiru: Haa, haa... C'mon, this is bugging me! I mean... what was... all that about? Hoo.
Narration: *Well, if she's this determined, running around to escape would be troublesome in its own right. Suppose I could try being honest...*
Narration: *For the moment, I look into Michiru's face and carefully observe her expression, looking for anything suggestive of the "other" girl's presence.*
Michiru: Huh!? W-What is it?
Narration: *But my friend from the ridge seems to be out of the house at present. This right here is definitely the "normal" Michiru.*
Michiru: W-What? Look, just spit it out already, why don't you?
Narration: *She ineptly attempts a harsh-toned bluff, counterproductively drawing attention to the fundamental weakness of spirit she's trying to hide. And she clearly doesn't even realize I've seen through her. Textbook Michiru.*
Michiru: Okay, staring at a girl's face like that is completely against the rules! You're violating Article Six of the Geneva Convention!
Yuuji: Please concisely explain what the Geneva Convention is.
Michiru: Huh!? Well, uh, you know... Mr. Geneva came up with these rules restricting exports of valuable animals. So they wouldn't go extinct or whatever! Article Six is about turtles, right?
Yuuji: Hrm. I think you're talking about the Washington Convention. Either way, what exactly does your face have to do with the international trade in endangered tortoises?
Michiru: S-Shaddup, you. Why are you looking at me like that, anyway? Is there something on my face?
Narration: *Come to think of it, I've been focusing exclusively on the girl's expression and the tone of her voice. Might have overlooked some revealing physical change.*
Narration: *Shifting my focus, I resume my scrupulous observation of Michiru's face.*
Michiru: W-Why did you go all quiet...?
Narration: *Even as I lean in to extremely short-range, Michiru makes no effort to flee. Probably her stubborn pride as a tsundere at work.*
Narration: *True, the girl's breathing a little roughly through her nose, and her eyes are darting around frantically. But by Michiru standards, she's managing to keep it together.*
Yuuji: I see. Is there. Something. On your. Face.
Michiru: Uh, I wasn't... asking you to check...
Narration: *Michiru's the same as always. However, I have made a discovery that seems of some potential interest. Kindhearted individual that I am, I decide to share my findings with the girl.*
Yuuji: All right, my observations are complete. There's nothing on your face. Your skin is clean, smooth, and youthful, as one might expect of a teenage girl.
Yuuji: I didn't detect dirt, encrusted bits of food, or any other blemishes of external origin. There is, of course, a possibility you're infested with face mites, but that's impossible to determine with the naked eye.
Michiru: Do you have to put it like that!? Of course there's nothing. I give my face a good washing every day, all right?
Yuuji: However, you do have a bit of a mustache.
Michiru: Mustawha!?
Yuuji: Calm yourself, it's only a little peach fuzz. Stands out a bit at very close range. In any case, there's no truth to the old wives' tale about shaving making it grow back heavier, so deal with it as you wish.
Michiru: Y-You're unbelievable! Who just comes out and says something like that to a girl!?
Yuuji: You're the one who asked if there was something on your face. I just answered the question.
Michiru: S-Shut up, you! In the first place, "peach fuzz?" Peaches don't even grow mustaches! Your eyes must be fuzzy! I demand a second opinion!
Yuuji: Don't let it get to you. Nobody's going to laugh at a young woman just because she has a little hair under her nose.
Yuuji: Even if you drink a big glass of milk and end up with a bright white mustache, I'll wipe it clean for you like any halfway-decent person would. Only a grade-schooler would mock you for something like that.
Michiru: How can I NOT "let it get to me!?" I've never been so insulted in my life! Argh, dammit... I'll get my revenge someday... You better watch your back...
Narration: *I was trying to be considerate, but it seems I've somehow managed to earn Michiru's enmity. As always, cross-gender diplomacy can be neatly summarized with the phrase "pain in the ass."*
Yuuji: No reason to work yourself into a frenzy. I wasn't just trying to tease you, all right? I had a reason for observing you.
Michiru: Huh? W-What's this "reason?" I'll take it into consideration, so out with it already.
Yuuji: Hrm. I don't mind, but I doubt you'd be of much help. Can't say I really understand the situation that well myself.
Michiru: Hm? What? Uh, I don't really know what you're even talking about here.
Yuuji: That so? Well, I'm equally baffled by you, Michiru. I've come to think of you as something of a mysterious woman.
Michiru: Aheheh. Sheesh, you're laying it on thick all of a sudden... All right, all right, no need to batter me up. Go on, get to the point.
Yuuji: Batter? You seem to be misunderstanding something here... Anyway. Long story short, I don't understand what you did to me. It seemed completely unlike you.
Michiru: Huh...? Unlike me...? What are you talking about? This is really bugging me now. Can you just explain already?
Narration: *Michiru draws closer, visibly unsettled by my choice of words. I wasn't trying to imply anything in particular, but maybe I hit a sore spot.*
Yuuji: I don't know if spelling it out is going to make this any less incomprehensible, but I'm talking about what you did to me the other day.
Michiru: What I did to you the other day? Uh, like what?
Yuuji: So you don't remember? Kind of suspected as much.
Michiru: What the heck!? I totally remember! Yes, I did it, sure, right, of course. So? What did I do to you?
Yuuji: We went to first base, so to speak. You insisted.
Michiru: First base? Whaaat? Are you just making this up? I mean, do I look like a sports freak? I "insisted?" Me? Why would I do that?
Narration: *I think she's probably taking "first base" a little too literally, but I'd feel so ridiculous actually explaining the metaphor that I decide to let her figure it out for herself.*
Yuuji: How would I know why? You're the one who started the whole thing, not me.
Michiru: First base, huh... Did I... no, I can't have... mm? Hrrrrmm, I dunno. Uh, how exactly did I do it? Can you maybe recreate this for me?
Yuuji: ...Look, you're going to regret this. Listen carefully. When I say "first base," I mean...
Michiru: Aaargggh! You're making a fool of me again, aren't you!? I know what friggin' first base is! Bunt, slide! Saaafe! All that, right? 
Michiru: I mean, come on, that stuff is on TV all the time! Of course I know what it means!
Yuuji: I don't think you do, Michiru. Look, it's a metap―
Michiru: Silence! Why do you always have to pick at my tiny little mistakes, anyway? I'm in the right ballpark, aren't I? That's good enough!
Yuuji: No ballparks were involved. You're not even in the right time zone.
Michiru: T-That can't be right! C'mon, show me what you're talking about. I'll be the judge of this!
Yuuji: You want me to show you "first base?" Like we did the other day? I really don't...
Michiru: Yeah, yeah! It's fine! You have my authorization! Just do it! Show me this "first base" I allegedly made you visit!
Yuuji: All right then. If you insist, I'll give you a little demonstration.
Narration: *Clearing my throat, I approach Michiru.*
Michiru: Hrm, indeed. Yes, let's see this demonstration of yours!
Michiru: H-Hey, hold on a second, aren't you a little close? Aren't we going to first base?
Yuuji: We can't do that from a distance, you know. That's sort of how it works.
Michiru: Huh? Aah, yeah, totally! That's how first base works, after all! Okay, so what did I do?
Yuuji: This.
Michiru: !?
Narration: *Holding Michiru's chin steady between my thumb and index finger, I press my lips against hers. It's the same kind of abrupt kiss she gave me the other day. I don't think there was any tongue involved back then, so I keep things simple.*
Michiru: .........??
Narration: *Michiru stares at me from point-blank range, an expression of blank incomprehension on her face.*
Narration: *This isn't really a romantic thing, so I keep my eyes open as well. Maybe it would have been better manners to shut them? Well, whatever, hardly matters.*
Narration: *After a moment, I slowly pull back. Our lips cling together for a brief, reluctant moment, then part with a small smack. So ends our second visit to first base.*
Michiru: Nhaah.
Yuuji: There you go. First base.
Michiru: Uh... uhm... afweh?
Yuuji: This is what you did to me the other day. I don't understand why that happened, and I'm getting the idea you don't either. Right?
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Yuuji: Allow me to explain after the fact. "First base" is a common metaphor for kissing. Baseball had nothing to do with it.
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Yuuji: Any questions?
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Yuuji: Go ahead, then.
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Yuuji: ...No questions after all?
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Yuuji: All right then. Dismissed. Return to your post.
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Narration: *I'm not sure myself what her "post" is supposed to be, but I guess that's a wrap for the moment.*
Sachi: Aah, Michiru-sama. I do apologize, I was cleaning this bathroom. Are you all right?
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Sachi: Huh? Michiru-sama, is something the matter?
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Sachi: What on earth? M-Michiru-sama? Michiru-sama?
Sachi: Ah, Kazami-san. Uhm...
Yuuji: This is about Michiru, I assume? Don't worry about it. Just your everyday case of temporary insanity.
Sachi: Is that so? Did she suffer an intense shock of some sort?
Yuuji: Yeah, but it's nothing to get too―
Sachi: Ah! She stepped in that bucket and fell again... in the exact same place as before...
Yuuji: Hrrrm. I didn't think she'd be this badly shocked... Now I feel a little bad.
Sachi: Kazami-san, did you do something bad to Michiru-sama? You mustn't do bad things. Was it shoplifting? Did you shoplift? Shoplifting is a bad thing.
Yuuji: Well, no. She's the one who asked me to do it, so this is ultimately her fault.
Sachi: The shoplifting? Michiru-sama is a bad person.
Yuuji: Listen to what I'm saying. Shoplifting wasn't involved.
Sachi: Then what was?
Yuuji: A little visit to first base.
Sachi: First base...? Are you referring to a kiss? And Michiru-sama wanted this to happen?
Yuuji: No, but she did ask me to do it.
Sachi: ...This is a rather complicated story. It may take some time before I can understand.
Yuuji: I imagine so. I don't understand it myself, currently.
Sachi: Goodness. If you don't understand, Kazami-san, it would be utterly impossible for me to grasp. I'll leave it be.
Yuuji: Okay then. See you later, I guess.
Sachi: Ah, yes. I'll go clean up the water Michiru-sama spilled.
Narration: *Judging from that reaction, Michiru doesn't have much romantic experience. There's a good chance that was the girl's second "first kiss."*
Narration: *Considering her age, it'd be a little on the late side, but everyone in this school has their circumstances. Probably doesn't make sense to measure them against typical standards.*
Sachi: The same bucket, yet again! Michiru-sama, come to your senses!
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Narration: *―Looks like I'll have to prepare for the possibility this develops into PTSD. Guess Michiru might actually have been a bit of a sheltered princess.*
Yuuji: Oh, hey. You all right?
Michiru: Y-Y......
Yuuji: Hmm. Didn't pick up on this earlier, but maybe you're imitating a sports car engine? One of those prancing horses?
Narration: *Ignoring my attempt at lightening the mood, Michiru silently retrieves her canister of ramune candies from the shark pouch around her waist, then pours out a huge pile onto her palm.*
Yuuji: Hey, that seems like a little much...
Michiru: Hrgh... hrgnnhmnhrmmmnhrmgmrmnmnchrhncrch!!
Yuuji: It's like you're eating sand...
Michiru: Crnchcrchcrch...
Yuuji: You all right there, Michiru?
Michiru: Bleeeeeeeeeegggggh.
Narration: *Michiru abruptly sprays great gobs of half-chewed candy, vaguely resembling rotten chunks of tofu, out of her mouth. Did no one ever teach this girl to value her food?*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, it seems that you ate too much at once.
Michiru: Yeah. Yeah. Boohoohoo...
Sachi: Aah, poor Michiru-sama. Please, do wipe your face. Here's a rag.
Michiru: Thanks... Wipey-wipe. Boohoohoo. It's smelly, it's grossss...
Yuuji: I would imagine so. Why don't you take it easy for a while? Sachi, I'll leave the rest to you.
Sachi: Yes, it would be my pleasure. Well then, Michiru-sama, let's be on our way. Here you are, your rag.
Michiru: T-Thanks... Blllurb. It's sho smellyyy...
Narration: *And so, Michiru and I learned a valuable lesson about the dangers of overeating. Not that either of us were particularly happy about it.*

Date: *July 22, 2011, 15:37 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *―The girl told me "Our world is a box."*
Narration: *In childhood, everyone's convinced that snow-white wings are budding on their back.*
Narration: *We tell ourselves, "Someday, I'll fly away from here to some strange and wonderful place." We think that by going where we want to go, we'll magically become the person we want to be.*
Narration: *But in reality, there's nowhere else to go, and no feathers to lift us out of the dust. When we finally realize this, it's hard to overstate how bitter a disappointment it is.*
Narration: *Maybe you yourself remember that adolescent feeling of powerlessness and futility. "Why was I born in the first place? Why do I have to die?"*
Narration: *That's just how the world works, of course. But we're too fragile and self-centered to accept that. We spend years muttering to ourselves "I'm different from the rest. I have to be."*
Narration: *When that delusion gives way under the weight of our own mediocrity, we cling next to the thought "Somebody will take me away from here."*
Narration: *Some special existence will swoop down and pluck me out of this ugly, petty, tedious world. Maybe I can't fly, but someone who can will carry me off to the promised land.*
Narration: *And when that too is revealed to be nothing but an empty fantasy, the box slowly, solemnly slides shut above us. We have our air holes, barely sufficient to keep us breathing, but our illusionary freedom shrivels and dies.*
Narration: *The sky's an impenetrable lid above us, an impassive ruler that claims our feathers as tribute. That's the world we live in.*
Narration: *Class is over and done with for the day, but some of us are still hanging around the classroom. Could've just returned to the dorm myself, but I was only a few pages away from finishing a book, so I decided to stay at my desk and indulge.*
Yuuji: Hrm, not a bad story.
Narration: *The book was "Chasing the Dragonfly - Volume 3" by Sendou Akira. Having found the Lesser Emperor tucked away in a corner of the city at the end of volume 2, I never would've expected Wataru to end up like this.*
Narration: *I'm actually interested in reading some other stuff by this author now, but this book is a badly banged-up antique that seems to have passed through half a dozen used-book stores by now...*
Narration: *On top of which, the publisher is some company called "Chikagindou Books" that I've never heard of before. Probably went out of business decades ago. Guess there's no point wasting my time looking.*
Yumiko: Sounds as though you quite enjoyed that one.
Yuuji: Yeah, pretty decent stuff. Thanks as always.
Yumiko: I must say, you seemed rather intently focused...
Yuuji: Did I? I don't know about that.
Yumiko: Well, I tried to get your attention multiple times and you didn't even respond to my voice.
Yuuji: I see... Guess I got a little too caught up in the book's world.
Narration: *Concentration and imagination are closely linked. As an experiment, you can try memorizing the scene before your eyes, then recreating it down to the finest detail in your mind. Repeat this and your ability to focus will gradually improve.*
Narration: *There are apparently some people who remember the books they've read as lines of printed type, but that's the exception to the rule. Generally speaking, the scenes you imagined while reading are what stay with you.*
Narration: *Personally, I find "remembering" things I've never actually seen kind of enjoyable.*
Narration: *With adequate imagination, you can go anywhere and become anyone. Immersing yourself in that illusionary freedom can make for a nice change of pace from reality... Not to say that I read purely for such practical reasons.*
Michiru: Geeeez, look at this pair of bookworms. Get off your butts once in a while! Let's move! Well, I guess Yuuji moves. All right, acceptable. You pass. How about you, Yumiko? Getting your exercise?
Yumiko: I get enough. I'm certainly not so inactive as to warrant your concern.
Yuuji: To be honest, Michiru, I'm under the impression you exercise less than anyone else in this room. Even Amane puts some effort into keeping up that figure, you know?
Michiru: So caaa-loo-less. I'm a totally awesome athlete, so I don't even need to. Exercise, that is. Okay? We clear?
Yumiko: You're always saying that, but I don't think I've ever seen any actual evidence of this alleged athletic prowess.
Michiru: Hm! Don't tell me you doubt my word? I guess there's nothing for it, then. Come at me however you like! I'll gracefully evade every―
Narration: *Before Michiru can even finish her sentence, Sakaki thrusts out an arm with no windup. Her empty fist, clenched as if holding an imaginary box cutter, comes to an abrupt halt an inch before Michiru's face.*
Narration: *Not half-bad for an amateur.*
Narration: *If she'd been trying to kill, there'd already be a blade stuck right between Michiru's eyes.*
Yumiko: Heh.
Yuuji: Well, that's game...
Michiru: Nice try!
Narration: *A good half-second after the outcome's settled, Michiru leans her upper body backward a little. I don't think I've ever seen a backward sway quite this sluggish before. Does the girl have anemia or what?*
Yumiko: !?
Michiru: How do you like that, Yumiko!? A perfect dodge!
Narration: *I've seen better, to be honest. To be even more honest, I don't think I've ever seen worse. A "perfect" failure, one might say.*
Narration: *A fight hinges on your ability to formulate split-second tactics, but Michiru is so incompetent that she didn't even recognize the danger she was in. Such utter obliviousness is almost charming.*
Yuuji: Sorry, but I think this match is settled. A bit of a stretch to even call it a "match."
Michiru: Hehehm. I know, right? The keen awareness necessary to time a last-second dodge! The fearsome raw speed to make it happen! I'm in perfect form today, as always!
Narration: *This girl doesn't even seem to realize Sakaki was taking it easy on her. I think she may need to learn her place.*
Yuuji: Sakaki, let's try that again. And this time, don't stop. I authorize you to hit her.
Yumiko: Uh, you did see that just now, right?
Yuuji: Yeah. That's exactly why I'm saying this.
Yumiko: Ah.
Michiru: Heheheh, come at me any time! I'll perf―
Michiru: Yowch!
Michiru: ...Huh?
Narration: *Michiru probably doesn't even know what hit her.*
Narration: *She closed her eyes reflexively at the sharp jab of pain in her forehead; and before they opened again, Sakaki had already brought her arm back to its previous position.*
Narration: *From Michiru's perspective, there's no evidence that Sakaki even moved. The bottle-blond stares uncomprehendingly at her foe, trying to understand how she was attacked.*
Yuuji: Hrm, a splendid poke to the forehead.
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait, did you use some kind of tool? Like... an electronic... uh, machine, or something?
Yumiko: No. Do I look like I have a weapon?
Michiru: Huh? So you just hit me? When? Try doing it again! You cheated, didn't you! C'mon, one more―
Michiru: Nhaah!
Michiru: ...Huh? I got a runny nose all of a sudden...
Yuuji: Give it up before you get a concussion. I don't need you getting KO'd by flicks to the head.
Michiru: Hrrrrm. That wasn't really a barehanded attack, was it? Yumiko must've cast some sort of runny-nose curse on me! I mean, she totally didn't touch me! She didn't!
Yumiko: *Sigh*... Can I go now, please?
Michiru: Heheheh. So you admit your defeat! Yumiko, vanquished!
Yumiko: Excuse me? What was that?
Michiru: Oh. S-Sorry, Sakaki-san. Uhm, well, I guess I lost.
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: Hahahah, bye now.
Michiru: ...Did she leave? She's gone, right?
Yuuji: Yes, that she is.
Michiru: Take that!! And that!! Go cheat some more, you cheater! Pow, wham! I didn't really lose! So there!
Michiru: Hmmph. Hey, Yuuji, Yumiko totally cheated, right?
Yuuji: Well, let's see. She was pulling her punches pretty severely, so you could hardly call that a legitimate competition. "Cheating" in a broad sense of the word, I suppose.
Michiru: I know, right? What a cheating cheater. That girl doesn't play fair! But I'll show her. Next time, I'll attack from behind!
Yuuji: Is that your idea of "playing fair?"
Michiru: An eye for an eye, a toothfairy toot! Right? Hmm... okay, maybe I'm going a little overboard on the zany.
Yuuji: Oh, you're aware? Take it down a notch, why don't you. No need to try so hard.
Michiru: T-This is totally normal! I'm not trying hard! Punskadon!
Yuuji: Punskadon, eh... Something like a mastodon, perhaps? In that case, would the "Punska" in question be some famous paleontologist?
Amane: Don't be ridiculous.
Yuuji: Oh, if it isn't Amane. Were you listening in? I was just trying a little comedy of my own.
Amane: "Trying" being the operative word. "The Punska in question?" Seriously? Sometimes you're just weird, Yuuji. Or maybe "full of surprises" would be the better way to put it...
Yuuji: That's not a compliment, is it? I get the message.
Amane: Well, it's not really an insult either. Anyway, Michiru never changes, does she? Such energy. Such stupidity.
Yuuji: True. That's just the way she...
Michiru: .........
Michiru: Have you kissed anyone?
Amane: Huh? Something wrong, Yuuji?
Narration: *All of a sudden, I recall my recent kiss with Michiru. It was so abrupt, and she seemed so unconcerned about it after the fact... I could almost believe the whole thing was just a dream.*
Amane: Hey, Yuuji? I'm talking to you! Helloooo!
Narration: *But I'm honestly less interested in the kiss itself than the "other Michiru" that delivered it.*
Narration: *The "Michiru" I spoke with on the high ridge wasn't the Michiru I know. That wasn't just an unusual mood or something; she was acting like an entirely different person.*
Amane: Hello, Yuuji-kun? Earth to Yuuji!
Narration: *But since then, Michiru's been the same as always. I doubt anything will come from pursuing it.*

Narration: *Have you ever made an irreparable mistake? You know, done something that "can't be undone?"*
Narration: *Doesn't have to be anything particularly dramatic. Maybe you hit a line drive into the neighbor's window as a kid? Good enough.*
Narration: *Remember that crushing moment of dread? That sense of hopelessness? I don't think I'm ever going to feel that way again.*
Narration: *It's not that I don't make mistakes. I've simply come to realize that every problem has its solution. When you break someone's window, you just apologize. If that's not enough, you compensate them for the damage.*
Narration: *Either way, if you're tactful enough to send over a box of pastries and an apologetic note afterward, there probably won't be any hard feelings.*
Narration: *Even if you happen to run into someone who isn't so easily placated, there are countless alternative ways of resolving the situation.*
Narration: *Sure, these things end up costing you a little in the short-term, but if you handle it properly there won't be any lasting repercussions.*
Narration: *And once you get the knack of solving problems, you'll find yourself anticipating them ahead of time. So the door you need opened is fastened shut with torx screws? Hardly anything to panic over. Just twist it out with your wrench.*
Narration: *Plan a few moves ahead and you'll have a lot less stress in general. It's not nearly as hard as it sounds; just takes a little experience.*
Narration: *On the downside, once you have the insight necessary to predict the future, you'll never be able to watch a Rube Goldberg machine in innocent amazement again. But on the whole, I find that an acceptable trade-off.*
Narration: *Not to say that I have all the answers. Every once in a while I do find myself at a loss for a coping strategy. More often than not, this is the direct result of interaction with those highly unpredictable variables known as "women."*
Date: *July 24, 2011, 11:21 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *The beginning of summer vacation brings a slightly different atmosphere to the Mihama Academy campus. Our residents may not be the most uniformly diligent students in the world, but I suppose attending class is still a bit stressful...*
Narration: *With the burdens of academic expectations temporarily lifted, everyone seems noticeably relaxed.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, there's a "but" here. A problem I never saw coming. Not to make this sound more dramatic than it is - it's not like a butterfly flapped its wings in Brazil and launched a tornado in my direction.*
Narration: *No, it's a much simpler situation. Much simpler, but unfortunately no less of a pain in the ass.*
Narration: *I'm lounging around on the lobby sofa one morning when Sakaki walks up and clears her throat. Seems as though the time's finally come. I turn to face her, carefully establishing steady eye contact.*
Yumiko: Kazami-kun, I'd like to verify something with you, if that's all right.
Yuuji: Yeah, not a problem. Ask whatever you want.
Yumiko: ...Just to warn you, this may be a slightly awkward question.
Narration: *Judging from Sakaki's uncharacteristic hesitation, this is actually significantly more awkward for her than it is for me. After running a hand through her hair several times, she finally manages to move on.*
Yumiko: Did you... do something before summer vacation?
Yuuji: Hrm. "Do something?" Could you be more specific? I'm always doing something. Breathing, digesting food, performing basic metabolic functions... but somehow, I don't think that's what you want to know.
Yumiko: That's right. I think you probably have an idea yourself, don't you?
Yuuji: Maybe, but I can't provide an accurate answer without knowing exactly what you're getting at.
Yumiko: All right then, I'll come out and say it. I want to ask you about Matsushima-san's recent behavior.
Narration: *Thought as much. Honestly, I'm surprised it took this long for one of the others to say something. Ever since that day, Michiru's been acting very strangely around me.*
Yumiko: Did you do something to her? I can't imagine this came out of nowhere.
Yuuji: I suppose. Yeah, you could say I did something to her.
Yumiko: And would you might telling me what that "something" was?
Yuuji: I don't mind telling you, but I'd recommend not launching any silly investigations. It's not going to help anyone.
Yumiko: Yes, I know. I don't intend to stick my nose in any more than necessary. If our circumstances were reversed, I'd find it highly unpleasant. But in this case, I'd at least like to have some idea of what―
Yuuji: We kissed.
Yumiko: ―happened. I'm prepared for anything, so...
Yumiko: Huh?
Narration: *Sakaki's tense expression instantly crumbles. Guess she wasn't quite prepared for "anything" after all. Her mouth hangs open like a nutcracker with a broken hinge.*
Yuuji: What's with that face? You're putting your beauty to waste. Better be careful or you might get auctioned off as a lesser work of Munch.
Yumiko: ...Uh, wait, uhm, what did you say?
Yuuji: I kissed Michiru. For a certain period of time, our mucous membranes came into contact. You do know what a kiss is, I assume?
Yumiko: Kiss? You kissed? Why? Are you two going out?
Yuuji: Talk about old-fashioned. It's just a kiss, right? Do a man and a woman need to be in a relationship to mash their lips together when the whim strikes them?
Yuuji: Or maybe you're going to start marching in "Outlaw Premarital Sex" rallies now? No doubt blushing daintily all the way?
Yuuji: If you're in need of a placard to express your virginal ideals, you can grab that sign from the campus gardens. It's already got "Please Don't Pick the Flowers" printed on the front, so you won't even need to alter it.
Yumiko: Don't play dumb. I'm asking WHY you two kissed!
Yuuji: Settle down, Sakaki. There were no sugary-sweet developments of the sort you're imagining. It was just a reflex test. A kind of experiment, almost. Nothing to get yourself worried about.
Yumiko: Reflex? An experimental kiss? What on earth are you talking about?
Yuuji: Hrm. Maybe it's hard to believe, but sometimes a kiss doesn't mean anything on the emotional level.
Yumiko: This may not be any of my business, but I do have one warning, for what it's worth. Even if that kiss meant nothing to you, the same may not be true for Matsushima-san.
Yuuji: I'll take that under advisement.
Yumiko: I really think you'd better take responsibility for your actions sooner rather than later.
Narration: *With those words, Sakaki leaves the lobby behind, shaking her head in bemusement.*
Narration: *...Again with this "responsibility" business? Amane said something similar not too long ago, come to think of it. Seems men are expected to take responsibility for quite a wide range of things these days.*
Narration: *Hell, if one of these girls caught me throwing a chewed-up piece of gum in the garbage can, I'd probably become public enemy number one. I'll have to practice letting my candy down gently so as to avoid general condemnation.*
Yuuji: Sorry for tossing you aside like that, but our relationship was never meant to last. Don't think badly of me, Frozen Apple Mint.
Yuuji: No matter how much time we spend together, it's all bland and flavorless now. Those sweet early days will never return...
Makina: ...O-Onii-chan's lost it... He's talkin' to a chewed-up piece of gum... Awawa, whaddo I do?
Yuuji: Didn't notice you there, Makina. Do me a favor and forget you saw that, all right? I was just amusing myself.
Yuuji: There wasn't even any gum in there. Just a little joke. You understand?
Makina: Aah, a joke, eh! I like a good joke myself. Lessee... Gum's in my gums! Somethin' like that?
Yuuji: Makina, my friend, are you aware that effective punnery involves more than randomly mashing together words that sound alike?
Makina: Dooon't care! It's still funny, right? Gum's in my gums!
Yuuji: Try repeating it 1000 times. Maybe I'll be able to crack a smile.
Sachi: Certainly. What needs to be repeated 1000 times, exactly?
Makina: Gum's in my gums!
Sachi: One.
Makina: Gum's in my gums!
Sachi: Two.
Makina: Gum's in mokay bored now!
Sachi: Uh, already? Maki-chan, we've still got 998 to go. What shall we do?
Makina: I'll leave that ta you, Sacchin!
Sachi: Sure, I'll just pick up where you left off. Gum's in my gums. Gum's in my gums...
Makina: By th' way, Onii-chan, ya seen Chiruchiru? She was hangin' around here a while ago.
Yuuji: Michiru? Don't know. Why don't you try calling for her and see if she comes running?
Makina: Chiruchiru! Chiruchiruuu!
Michiru: Hmph! It's not like I showed up because you called...
Michiru: F-For... me... or anything...
Narration: *Michiru's opening words are delivered with the usual powerful tsundere spirit, but after noticing me her tone rapidly slides down the scale into "timid." By the end of the sentence, her voice is only barely audible.*
Sachi: Michiru-sama, is something the matter? Are you feeling ill? Gum's in my gums.
Michiru: Huh? What else would there be in your gum? And I'm fine! No problems here! Cha-ching!
Makina: Good ta hear. Anyway, Chiruchiru, I just came up with a new gag! Pineapples make apples pine! Whaddaya think? Applespine!
Michiru: Hmph! It's not like your puns are funny or anything! But maybe I'll laugh a little anyway, out of the goodness of my heart!
Yuuji: Makina doesn't seem to understand the concept of a "pun" particularly well.
Michiru: Ah, yeah... I guess.
Yuuji: ......
Makina: ...Nnu?
Sachi: ......
Michiru: W-What!? You got a problem or something!? 
Makina: Chiruchiru, yer kinda actin' funny around Onii-chan, ya know?
Michiru: Whaaat!? Don't be ridiculous! I'm always enjoying myself just like this, thank you very much if you don't kindly mind!
Yuuji: Just like what, exactly?
Michiru: Ah, yeah. Just like... this.
Michiru: ...Yeah.
Makina: Hmmm? Okay, Chiruchiru's actin' weird after all.
Michiru: Am I...? I dunno, I don't think so...
Narration: *Seems pretty obvious that my presence is posing an obstacle to smooth communication. Deciding it best to withdraw for the moment, I silently rise from the couch.*
Makina: Huh? Where ya goin', Onii-chan?
Yuuji: My presence seems to be bothering Michiru. Thought I'd give you guys some space.
Michiru: Whaaat!? Don't be stupid. I'm not bothered at all, s-so you don't... h-have to do that!
Yuuji: You sure about that?
Michiru: Huh? Ah, yeah... I'm sure. Totally.
Narration: *This is how it's been lately. Not to state the obvious, but ever since that second kiss, Michiru's been acting strangely self-conscious around me. Might sound vaguely romantic, but it's more like she's keeping a wary distance.*
Michiru: A-A-A-Anyway, Yuuji! You, uhm, don't have to go anywhere! Stay right where you are, you got that!? Standby!
Yuuji: I see. All right then.
Michiru: And you, Sachi! You're driving me nuts with the gum-gum! Shut up already!
Sachi: Gum's in my... wah. C-Certainly.
Michiru: Yeah, right. Good! O-Okay then! Bye!
Narration: *Michiru walks off, stiffly swinging her left arm in unison with her left leg, her right arm with her right leg.*
Narration: *Objectively speaking, the girl seems to be two steps away from a downright panic attack. Wonder how our younger friends are taking all this...*
Sachi: I wonder if something's wrong. Is Michiru-sama practicing her goosesteping...?
Makina: S-S-S... So...
Sachi: Hmm? What's wrong, Maki-chan?
Makina: ...S-So friggin' cool! No way! What a friggin' revolutionary method of per-amb-yoo-latin'! Sacchin, try imitatin' that!
Sachi: Imitate that!? Y-Yes. All right...
Makina: Okay then, we're startin' with the left arm and left foot. Rule number one, ya start and stop with th' left side! Okay, now reverse!
Sachi: M-Maki-chan... this is a rather difficult way to walk...
Makina: This looks friggin' awesome, so deal with it! Ah, amazin' work, Sacchin! Ya totally look like a cyborg! Yes! Bee-yootiful moves!
Sachi: R-Really? Take Us To Your Leader, Earthlings...
Makina: No, no. That's aliens.
Sachi: O-Oh, I see... Being a cyborg is rather difficult. I'm afraid I'm quite far on the opposite side of the technological spectrum...
Makina: Hey, Sacchin. I just had a thought... Are cyborgs and hot dogs relatives?
Sachi: Huh? Relatives? Hard to say without having done the genealogical research... They certainly sound alike.
Makina: Then how about cheese-dogs and meatballs?
Sachi: Well, I believe those are both foodstuffs.
Makina: Ooh, right, foodstuffs. I love me some foodstuffs. They're food an' stuff.
Makina: Okay then, how 'bout greaseballs and sloppy joes?
Sachi: Jaws? Ooh, are we talking about sharks now?
Makina: Huh? Who said anythin' about a shark? Are you feelin' all right, Sacchin?
Sachi: Ah. Never mind...
Narration: *Seems I didn't need to worry on that front. Makina's completely distracted by that avant-garde way of walking, and as usual Sachi was roped into playing along.*
Narration: *These two don't seem particularly concerned about Michiru's behavior, but there's a certain busybody who probably won't take such a carefree attitude...*
Amane: ......
Yuuji: What's up, Amane? I'm getting the sense you might have something you want to say to me.
Amane: That I do. And spare me the "what's up?" You know perfectly well what this is about, don't you? Looks like it's your fault that Michiru's acting so weird.
Yuuji: Suppose I can't deny that, but there's not much I can do about it.
Amane: Don't give me that. If you did something to her, you can at least take responsibility for your actions like a man.
Yuuji: Lord. Again with the responsibility?
Amane: Come on, Michiru is obviously not okay! If you two had a fight, then apologize. If you didn't have a fight, then apologize anyway. Got it?
Amane: You're both stubborn as mules, so this could go on forever. You're the guy here! Step up and tell her you're sorry!
Yuuji: Fine, fine. At this rate, my tranquil school days seem likely to take an unpleasant turn for the tense. I suppose I'll have to take your considerate advice.
Amane: Geeeez. Enough sarcasm, just go take care of it already. I think Michiru's in her room, all right?
Yuuji: Understood. Rest assured, I'll resolve this post-haste.
Narration: *Or so I said, but how exactly am I supposed to approach this? The problem's entirely on Michiru's end right now. Somehow or other, I need to get the girl to relax a little.*
Yuuji: "Take care of it," huh? Easy for her to say... but I guess I have to try, at this point...
Narration: *Thinking it over isn't going to get me anywhere. Deciding to play things by ear, I head straight for Michiru's room.*
Yuuji: Michiru, I'd like a word.
Michiru: Huh? Y-Yes? What do you need?
Michiru: Gaah! W-W-What's with that look on your face!?
Yuuji: ...Not sure I follow. I think I have a pretty normal "look on my face" at the moment. Is something out of the ordinary?
Michiru: N-Nothing at all! That's the whole point! How can you have such an ordinary look on your face!?
Yuuji: Am I not allowed to have a normal expression now? That sounds like a nuisance.
Michiru: ...Haaah. A-Anyway, look... Don't get too close, all right? It makes me feel a little, uh, weird.
Yuuji: You want me to back off, then? This far enough?
Michiru: Mmm, a little further.
Yuuji: This far enough?
Michiru: A little furtheeer!
Yuuji: This far enooough!?
Michiru: One more steeep!
Yuuji: ...And so I ended up all the way out here.
Principal: ...Excuse me, but what exactly are you doing?
Yuuji: Just playing around. Pay me no mind.
Principal: Really? Well, if you say so.
Yuuji: Incidentally, Chizuru, when do you think a man needs to "take responsibility?"
Principal: Huh!? Hold on, Kazami-kun! You didn't do something to one of our girls, did you!?
Yuuji: That I did. However, it didn't involve impregnating them.
Principal: Phew. I see... In that case, I wouldn't worry too much. These things do happen when you're young, right? I mean, if people went around taking responsibility for every thoughtless mistake, it'd be hard to get around town.
Principal: The streets would be clogged up with men groveling in apology, you see.
Yuuji: Hrm, an interesting argument.
Principal: That's just how it is. Anyway, when it comes to problems between a man and woman there's usually at least a little fault on both sides. Or so you have to believe if you want to stay sane.
Yuuji: You don't say...
Yuuji: That one seems to have worries of her own... Well then, let's see. What's my next move?
Narration: *In the end, I make the bold and resolute decision to read a book until the heat dies down a bit.*
Narration: *At times like these, one might get the impression that I spend every waking moment of the day I possibly can reading. But for the record, I'm not as severe a "bookworm" as Michiru seems to think.*
Narration: *To be sure, I spend an unusually high proportion of my time with books, but I also exercise, listen to music, and watch movies like anyone else.*
Narration: *Might be a little hard to believe, but I particularly enjoy the radio.*
Narration: *Listening to Rossini through a veil of static resistant to even the most careful dial-twiddling adds a certain resonance you won't find anywhere else.*
Michiru: U-Uhm...
Narration: *Unexpectedly, this time Michiru's the one who approaches me.*
Yuuji: Hm? What's wrong? You want me to take responsibility as well?
Michiru: R-Responsibility? No, no, that's not... Uhm, well, what was I saying... Listen up, I... urrrgh...
Narration: *First she drives me off, now she's following me around? I really wish the girl would make up her mind. I just want to wrap this whole mess up and get things back to normal ASAP.*
Michiru: Uhm, h-hey... hey, listen up. This is all your fault, okay!?
Yuuji: Yeah. Sorry about that.
Michiru: Wha? Huh? Say what?
Yuuji: You're talking about what happened the other day, right? That was my bad. Forget it.
Michiru: F-Forget it!? What do you mean, forget it? 
Yuuji: Forget it means forget it. I'd appreciate if you could wipe the whole incident from your memory. That said, I do understand that it's probably going to be a little difficult to pull that off right now.
Michiru: Y-Yeah. That's right! Of course it's hard!
Yuuji: In that case, just act like you don't remember. We'll pretend it never happened. That should keep the others from squawking at us.
Yuuji: I think life will be simpler and easier that way for the both of us. What do you say?
Michiru: ..................
Yuuji: Something wrong?
Michiru: Aaah, yeah, yeah, fine! That does it, I'm done with you! Totally, completely, one hundred percent done!
Yuuji: Hrm. Back to the normal tsundere, eh? Glad to see you've cheered up.
Michiru: Kiiiiiiiiiiiii! Are you an idiot!? No, there's no question anymore! You! Are! An! Idiot!
Yuuji: Don't get all worked up. Somebody might come over to see what's going on if you keep shrieking like that. They'd probably misinterpret your reddened eyes as evidence that I've upset you in some way.
Michiru: Shut up! My eyes aren't red!
Yuuji: They are, actually. Go look in a mirror.
Michiru: ...They're NOT red! Jerk!
Sachi: Uhm, I heard some rather loud shouting out here. Is everything all right?
Yuuji: Yeah, no problems. You can go back now.
Sachi: Certainly. I'm going back now.
Yuuji: Well, that's that. Glad we've cleared everything up now.
Michiru: Uuu. Yeah, sure! WhatEVER!
Yuuji: Nice work, Kazami Yuuji. Problem resolved.
Narration: *And so, the curtains drew closed on this problem play. My peaceful school life was salvaged from its moment of peril.*
Narration: *―Or so I'd like to say, but that's not how it turned out. All's well that ends well, yes, but my problems hadn't yet run their course.*
Narration: *If anything, they were only getting started.*
Date: *July 24, 2011, 9:34 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Amane: Uwaaaaaaaaaaah!?
Narration: *From above, I hear a strange, warbling scream straight out of a kung-fu movie. My first instinct is to suspect a terrorist attack of some sort, but there's nothing in the way of explosions or gunfire, so that seems fairly unlikely.*
Narration: *Whatever the case, I clearly need to investigate. Leaving my room, I immediately head for the stairs.*
Sachi: ...Kazami-san, I assume you heard Amane-san's scream just now. A rape, perhaps?
Yuuji: Can't deny the possibility, but there's no way to know for sure until we take a look. Let's go investigate.
Sachi: Certainly. However, there's a chance the criminal will still be lurking about, so perhaps we should procure a weapon first. A morningstar, for example.
Yuuji: Not necessary. If you've got the time to even say a mouthful like that, it'd be better spent running to Amane's aid.
Sachi: Respectfully, when it comes to weapons with long names, I don't think the morningstar compares to the Scandinavian Splitting Axe.
Yuuji: I'm not sure about categorizing that as a weapon. More of a tool, isn't it? Granted, a fairly dangerous one.
Sachi: Ah! Impressive as always, Kazami-san. You certainly have a point... However, it's still quite possible to use it as a weapon.
Sachi: Aah, now I feel rather anxious about the whole thing. Do you suppose we have time to contact customer support?
Yuuji: Sorry, but there's no time to waste. If you're that curious, send an inquiry to the manufacturer at a later date. It'd probably be a European company, though... Think you can write an email in German?
Sachi: It might take some time, but I have a mind to learn.
Yuuji: No time for that. All right, let's forget the weapon for now. And Germany.
Sachi: Yes, certainly. I'll forget about the weapon. And Germany.
Yuuji: Berlin.
Sachi: ?
Yuuji: Nice work.
Sachi: Aah. Considering Amane-san's clothes may well have been torn to shreds by the merciless rapist, perhaps it would be wise to procure something to cover her shame?
Yuuji: Okay, stop talking and follow me. We'll know soon enough what she needs.
Sachi: Certainly.
Amane: Eeee! W-W-What, what IS this!?
Sachi: Amane-san, it was rape, yes!?
Amane: Excuse me!? No, no... look at this, inside the washing machine...
Sachi: The rapist?
Amane: For crying out loud, NO! Just look already, will you!?
Sachi: Certainly. Let's see here... Goodness, this is...
Narration: *I peer over Sachi's shoulder into the open washing machine. It's full of colorful toy cars a few inches in length. A handful would be weird enough, but at a rough estimate there must be a good hundred of the things in there.*
Amane: I was just trying to do my laundry, and suddenly there's all these toys! Inside! All over the place!
Sachi: Wah, I do apologize. I had temporarily deposited the items you asked me to purchase here, Amane-san...
Amane: Huh? Here? Inside the washing machine?
Sachi: Please don't be ridiculous. Why would I store toys inside the washing machine, of all places?
Sachi: I had been on my way to deliver these to you, but I received an urgent request to clean the laundry room, so I temporarily deposited them on top of the machine.
Narration: *Now that she mentions it, there are indeed a good dozen cardboard boxes stacked on top of the machine.*
Yuuji: Tell me, Sachi, are these all full of model cars?
Sachi: Yes, that's right. I imagine one of the boxes simply broke, causing its contents to fall into the washing machine. 
Sachi: Ah, look at this. A number of the other boxes are also beginning to sag under the weight...
Amane: Eeeee! They fell! The boxes are breaking! They're rolling all over the place!
Yuuji: Our washing machine seems to be drowning in toys.
Sachi: Goodness gracious. Well, I suppose this is more or less what you were looking for anyway, Amane-san.
Yuuji: Hrm. Amane, my friend, what were you planning on doing with this massive collection of toys?
Amane: I don't know! I don't remember asking Sacchan for these! I really don't!
Sachi: Huh? Uhm, what do you mean by that...? I bought exactly what you asked for, Amane-san...
Amane: I didn't say anything about wanting toy cars... did I?
Sachi: Amane-san, allow me to refresh your memory. Quote, I want to start a model car riot, unquote. Quote, a model car riot would do us all some good, unquote. Those were your very words.
Yuuji: Hoh. A model car riot? Don't think I've heard that phrase before.
Sachi: Yes. I was at a loss at first myself. But soon enough, I figured out that she was referring to a riot utilizing miniature cars. And of course, any riot worthy of the name requires several hundred participants at the very least. 
Sachi: Therefore, I decided to begin by gathering a hundred toy cars of various models and sizes.
Sachi: Let me tell you, this was no easy task. I was quite willing to buy dozens of model cars at one go, but it wasn't easy to find a toy shop with so many in stock.
Sachi: Many times, I politely stated "I'd like to buy one hundred model cars, sir," only to be rebuffed with "How about five, missy?"
Sachi: But since it was Amane-san's heartfelt wish to conduct a model car riot, I felt absolutely obligated to gather a suitable number.
Sachi: Therefore, I made my way through countless toy shops, purchasing their―
Amane: Moderate carb diet.
Sachi: ―entire stock. And after much hardship, I finally managed to gather these three hundred... I'm sorry?
Amane: Uhm, okay, I was talking about a "moderate carb diet," Sacchan.
Sachi: ...Moderate... carb... ryet?
Amane: Not quite. Moderate. Carb. Diet.
Sachi: Moderate... carb... diet. Might that be, by some chance... a dietary regimen based on regulated carbohydrate intake?
Amane: Yep. 
Sachi: Not... a riot of model cars...?
Amane: Nooope. I've been a little concerned about my waistline lately, so I was just thinking I'd try out this diet they were talking about on TV...
Amane: I had no idea you misheard so badly... I mean, what's a model car riot supposed to be, anyway? What kind of anarchy is that?
Sachi: Aaaaah... t-t-t-this... t-this is just...
Narration: *All color draining from her face, Sachi begins to quiver like a spastic jellyfish.*
Sachi: I-It's all right. Uhm, I just have to return these, yes? I'll just... return the model cars―
Sachi: The manufacturer didn't have enough in stock, uhm, so I had to search around, and, well, it ended up costing more than 110,000 yen... but, yes, if I just return them...
Yuuji: Amane, my friend, Sachi's face is currently the color of moldy vanilla yogurt. What do you plan to do about this?
Amane: S-Sorry, Sacchan. This is my fault, okay? I must have mumbled!
Sachi: Yes, understood. You must have gumbo... I'll make the preparations immediately... kuh... gh...
Amane: No, no! That's not what I said! 
Sachi: Huh? Wrong again? I'm sorry, uhm... I don't understand what's what anymore... I, I...
Michiru: *Siiiigh*... What do I do now...? If only somebody had a few hundred model cars lying around... 
Narration: *Just as the crisis seems to be coming to a head, Michiru enters the scene with a blatantly unnatural line of dialogue. Turning her head to take in the horde of model cars now scattered all across the room, she opens her eyes wide.*
Michiru: Whoa! Are those all model cars!? Unbelievable, what a coincidence! No, no... I'm sure they're here because someone else needs them. *Sigh*... What do I do?
Sachi: U-Uhm, is s-something the matter, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: Well, here's the thing. This model car fanatic I know said they absolutely have to have three hundred model cars by the end of the day tomorrow, right?
Michiru: Guess they want to set up a booth at a summer model car festival and hand out chilled cars to the crowd.
Michiru: But that many toy cars aren't just going to fall in your lap in a single day, you know... Whatever shall I do?
Sachi: Uhm, actually, I...
Michiru: Sorry, Sachi, no time to chat. Somehow or other, I've got to get my hands on three hundred model cars in a single day...
Sachi: Michiru-sama! Would you like to take these model cars here?
Michiru: Huuuh!? Is that all right!? I mean... no way, it's like a miracle!
Narration: *What a complete farce. It's taking a conscious effort to keep my eyes from rolling.*
Sachi: As a matter of fact, I was planning to try and return all of these model cars.
Michiru: Return them? What a waste! All right then, I'll take them off your hands!
Sachi: Yes, by all means...
Michiru: But now there's another problem... I want to show my gratitude right away, but I don't think I have any way to repay you. I mean, all I've got on hand is this low-carb diet book I just finished reading...
Sachi: !!
Michiru: Sorry, I really am a stupid idiot. Not like you'd need a diet book, of all things. I'll just donate this to the library or something.
Amane: Michiru! Can you give me that book?
Michiru: Huh!? Sure, but why?
Amane: Actually, Sacchan confused "model car riot" and... Okay, this is just going to make things even more confusing. Anyway, if you give me that she'll be really happy!
Michiru: What's this!? A second miracle?! Okay then, here you go, Amane. Good luck with the diet.
Sachi: Kh... Michiru-sama, thank you very much. This incident might have ended in shameful failure if not for your timely assistance.
Michiru: Huh? What are you talking about? I'm the grateful one here! Thanks to you, the summer model car festival will definitely be a huge success! I can just see the line forming up in front of the chilled-car stall!
Sachi: Yes!
Narration: *Well, if they're really satisfied with this, I guess I'll keep my mouth shut... but seriously, now...*
Sachi: Well then, I suppose it's time for me to return to my cleaning.
Amane: Haaah. Thanks, Michiru. You're a life-saver.
Michiru: No idea what you're talking about. Like I said, I'm the one who got saved here.
Amane: ...Hmmm.
Michiru: What? Well, you might have saved me, but it's not like I'm gonna say thank you or anything! Hmph!
Yuuji: Is that really an authentic tsundere attitude? I'm having some doubts.
Michiru: ...Y-Yeah. I... suppose.
Amane: Huh? Huuuuuh? What's all this?
Michiru: Quiet, Amane! It's nothing! Nothing at all!
Amane: Try having a little conversation with Yuuji, please.
Michiru: ...Y-Yuuji. Uhm, well... hello.
Yuuji: Yeah. Hello.
Michiru: Okay. Done.
Amane: That was ridiculously awkward! What is this!? Didn't you guys make up!?
Michiru: That's not true! We're fine! That was totally normal!
Amane: Okay, try it one more time.
Michiru: Hello. Yeah. Hi.
Amane: Okay, Yuuji, I thought I told you to apologize...
Michiru: Stop, Amane, it's fine. That's not it, okay?
Amane: No, Michiru, you stop. I'm talking to Yuuji right now.
Yuuji: Hrm. Well, if you have some solution to this I'd honestly love to hear it.
Amane: Look, I don't know exactly what happened, but girls...
Michiru: I said STOP!!
Amane: Oh... Uh, sorry. I didn't mean to be so nosy. I just wanted to...
Michiru: Ah, no. That's not... That's not what I meant. I...
Amane: I'm sorry. This really isn't any of my business, is it...
Michiru: It's fine! That's not it. That's not what I meant, okay!?
Narration: *Her face contorted with anxiety, Michiru stumbles repetitively over her words. It's painful to watch, but I'm not sure how to intercede. And in the next moment, just to complicate things further, Makina pokes her head into the room.*
Makina: Hey, what's all th' ruckus in here? Uwoh, what's with all these cars!? Whooooah!!
Yuuji: Makina, this isn't a good time. Save it for later, all right?
Makina: Hweh? Why're you guys leavin' me out? I'm yer friend too, ya know?
Michiru: ......
Amane: Makina, we're not leaving you out, okay? We're just, uhm...
Makina: Huh? What? Hey, Chiruchiru, what's wrong? Ya don't look so good. Does your tummy hurt?
Michiru: Uu, kh, uuugh...
Makina: Huh? Wha? Whassamatter, Chiruchiru? Say somethin'.
Yuuji: Makina, we're leaving. Stop talking and come with―
Michiru: Shut up!!
Makina: ...Chiruchiru?
Michiru: Shut up... Shut up, shut up, shut up! Stop! Stop it, stop!
Amane: Uhm, Michiru, let's just all calm down, okay? I, uh, I'm sorry. I should've kept my big mouth shut...
Michiru: Stop it, stop it, just stop! No more! Stop!
Makina: Weh? What's goin' on!? Is this my fault? S-Sorry, Chiruchiru...
Michiru: ......
Amane: ...W-What do we do?
Yuuji: Michiru, are you―
Narration: *For a long moment, Michiru stares fixedly at the floor in silence, her expression hidden by her bangs. Judging from their astonished reactions, Amane and Makina haven't seen the girl act like this before either.*
Michiru: s...Got...
Amane: Got?
Michiru: s...Got...
Makina: Got? G-Got what?
Narration: *But when Michiru finally speaks, the first word out of her mouth comes as yet another baffling surprise.*
Michiru: s...Gotcha...
Michiru: Goootcha. Did you fall for it? Well? I totally got you guys, didn't I?
Narration: *It's not just the abrupt attitude shift; Michiru's expression is like that of a completely different person. Everyone else in the room, myself included, is struck speechless. Amane blinks her eyes in utter confusion.*
Amane: Huh? Wait, what's going on?
Narration: *I probably would've been just as baffled if this was my first time seeing "this" Michiru. But that's not the case. A vague understanding of the situation dawns on me.*
Yuuji: Hrm. I see, so that's how it is.
Amane: How what is? Look, I don't get this at all!
Michiru: Nhuh. Nheh, nhehehehehe! What's with that serious face!? You're gonna make me laugh!
Michiru: Oh, please. Makina, Amane, what's with the dumbfounded stares? Of course I'm not really upset. Get real!
Michiru: I'm not just any Michiru-sama, you know? I'm the King of all Tsunderes! Understand? Okay, all right, enough with the shocked faces! Here we go, back to normal, one two three!
Amane: Uh, well, a-are you really all right?
Michiru: What do you mean, all right? That was all a joke, obviously. Why would I get depressed? I mean, do I really look like that sort of character?
Yuuji: Could have fooled me for a minute there.
Michiru: Shut up, idiot!! Ahaha, that's so not me.
Amane: S-Seriously? I was completely convinced you were mad at me! I was really shocked... not to mention worried, you know?
Makina: Haaah, never woulda expected a play like that from Chiruchiru... So this was all one big ol' nasty prank?
Michiru: Hehem. Thought I'd give you a little shock. Pretty realistic acting, don't you think? Good enough to fool you guys, at least. Suckers!
Amane: Guhhh... All of a sudden, I'm absolutely exhausted. Look, can you do me a favor and not make any more jokes like that? It was a little too believable. 
Michiru: Maybe you're all just too gullible. All right then, I've got to plan how to get these model cars good and frosty, so this meeting's adjourned!
Michiru: If worse comes to worst, I might drop by to borrow your freezers later!
Makina: Whaaat? Model cars in th' fridge!? Creepy! I refuse!
Michiru: Oh, that so? So stingy, geez... All right then, I'm busy, okay? Dismissed! Shoo! We're done here! Dissolution time!
Amane: *Sigh*... Okay, bye...
Makina: Grrrrrm. Mark my words, I'll pay ya back for this one, Chiruchiru...
Michiru: ...Phew.
Michiru: Ah. I assume you understand, but that doesn't apply to you, Yuuji-kun. I've got something to say to you.
Narration: *The moment the others stagger out of the laundry room, the smile's completely erased from Michiru's face. She watches me with a serious expression, her tone of voice cold.*
Yuuji: Doesn't surprise me. I've got something I want to ask you myself.
Michiru: How convenient. All right then, head over to the classroom and wait for me there. I'd prefer not to risk anyone overhearing this.
Yuuji: Yeah, fine by me.
Narration: *As instructed, I immediately make my way to the empty school building. Maybe now I'll finally get some real answers about what's going on with my erratic young friend.*
Narration: *Even as I'm settling in to wait, the door slides silently open, and the girl in question enters.*
Narration: *Michiru folds her arms and slowly, silently approaches me. She appears to be sizing me up somehow.*
Narration: *Rather than taking a chair, she lowers herself onto a desk in front of me. We're at point-blank range, but she still hasn't said a word.*
Michiru: ......
Narration: *Well, no point waiting till the sun goes down. Instead of easing into the topic at hand, I try abruptly throwing her a bit of a fastball.*
Yuuji: You going to explain yourself? What the hell was that supposed to be?
Narration: *But as soon as the words leave my mouth, Michiru fires right back in an even more forceful tone of voice.*
Michiru: Yuuji-kun! I think you're the one who owes me an explanation.
Yuuji: An explanation? Me?
Michiru: That's right. Why did you do that? What were you thinking? Just to be perfectly clear, I am of course talking about the kiss. Don't bother playing dumb.
Narration: *Seems the girl's genuinely upset with me now. Completely incomprehensible.*
Yuuji: I was expecting you to give me some sort of explanation, but instead it's yet another lecture on responsibility...
Michiru: That's right. It's a lesson you don't seem to have learned yet, after all. You really are completely insensitive, aren't you?
Narration: *Michiru rebukes me in a vaguely disgusted tone of voice, almost like a big sister lecturing her brat of a brother on how to use his chopsticks.*
Yuuji: This coming from you? If you want to criticize my manners, shouldn't you explain who you are first?
Yuuji: That little body-swapping routine just now wasn't half-bad, but it's not going to fool me. I assume you're aware of that.
Michiru: I'm me, as I've said before. Not good enough? Tell me, then, who're you?
Yuuji: Well, I'm me. Not sure how else to answer that...
Michiru: Right? Don't go around demanding people answer questions you can't solve yourself. Ridiculous.
Narration: *―Again with this. When I talk to the "other" Michiru, I always end up getting lost in fog, wandering straight off-topic. But I'm not Alice, and this isn't the time to be getting caught up in riddles.*
Yuuji: Okay, look, I've had enough of the riddling. Just because you're perching on top of a desk doesn't mean you need to croak at me like a crow.
Michiru: Sorry, what's that supposed to mean?
Yuuji: ―Doesn't mean anything. Listen, just answer the question, will you? That's the most basic rule of a coherent conversation.
Michiru: Rules are made to be broken.
Yuuji: Some people feel that way, but it's hard to have a fair match without them. Here and now, for the purposes of this discussion, I think the two of us should be on even footing.
Michiru: I see, maybe you have a point. All right then, from this moment forth I solemnly swear to obey your rules. Name them.
Narration: *Michiru imitates putting her hand on a bible as she speaks. Hopefully this means we're finally going to get somewhere...*
Yuuji: Good. Rule number one, the first and only rule. Truthfully answer the following question: "Who are you?"
Michiru: What, didn't we just do this? I'm me.
Yuuji: You're definitely Michiru, but you're not the Michiru I know. Listen, I don't need any more banter. Just give me a yes or no answer. Are you Michiru?
Narration: *Michiru heaves a deep sigh and hops lightly down from the desk. After a moment of silence, she shrugs her shoulders expressively, silently communicating the words "You really are clueless, aren't you?"*
Michiru: Here's the thing. There are countless questions that simply can't be answered with "yes" or "no" alone. For example, what's 1+1? None of the above. I'm not trying to be cryptic here. Your rules have a really basic structural flaw.
Michiru: Of course, if I converted my answer to the decimal system I suppose I could express it as YESNOYESNOYESNO or the like. Seems like the sort of thing you'd appreciate, but the whole thing strikes me as rather...
Narration: *Pushing out her lips in a mild pout, she continues with a clear tinge of displeasure in her voice.*
Michiru: Lame. Unbelievably lame.
Yuuji: That so? This is a problem. Seems the two of us are communicationally incompatible.
Michiru: Okay, does that mean you're done? I assume it's my turn now.
Narration: *I lower myself onto a chair and lean back in my "listening" pose. Sadly, I can't help but admit it - we're firmly in Wonderland territory here. Seems I have no choice but to play by her rules.*
Yuuji: Shame we don't have any tea. I'm sure your story's worth savoring at length.
Michiru: Don't worry, I won't take too much of your time. Or rather, there's no time― no, enough messing around. We really do need to hurry, and this is a very serious problem.
Narration: *After thinking for a while, Michiru clears her throat with a little cough. I get the impression the girl just brushed away the conversation to this point like so many errant particles of dust.*
Michiru: First of all, this girl's seriously shaken up. What was that just now? Never happened before. And it's your fault, of course. You do understand that?
Yuuji: Yeah, guess so.
Michiru: And what happened today is going to hurt her as well. Much, much more deeply than you think.
Michiru: Therefore, I want you to take responsibility. To be more specific, I want you to comfort her.
Yuuji: Comfort? Want me to pet your head, then? Or maybe I should get a big stuffed animal, put some candy in a stocking, and drop down the chimney at Christmas?
Michiru: I told you to stop messing around. Tomorrow morning, come to her room and comfort her. Very kindly. Like a perfect gentleman.
Narration: *"Comfort me like a gentleman?" Can't say I've ever heard someone make a request like that on their own behalf before. People drop hints, but outright telling someone "I'm weak, comfort me" is... more than a little unusual.*
Yuuji: Will that prevent any future problems?
Michiru: It'll help in some respects... but that boat sailed the moment you kissed this girl.
Yuuji: Hold on. You're making this out to be my fault, but you're the one who started this.
Michiru: Yes, true enough. However... unlike me, that girl's very innocent. Not to imply that I'm particularly world-wise myself, but I'm nothing compared to her. Thanks to that kiss...
Narration: *Michiru hesitates for a moment, but apparently decides that there's no use hiding it. She fires off the words as if eager to get them off her tongue.*
Michiru: She's fallen for you. Don't laugh, all right? It was the first real kiss of her life. Hard to expect her not to react strongly, don't you think?
Yuuji: Hrm, if you say so.
Michiru: Any questions?
Narration: *Quite a few, actually. There's a whole mountain of things I don't understand. But I don't trust this hitting wall to return my volleys properly. Lob a tennis ball at her, and you might well get a watermelon flying back at you.*
Yuuji: No. Not for you, at least. I'll ask the girl herself tomorrow. Seems like it'll be faster that way.
Michiru: I see. Well, that's all right by me. As long as you're...
Yuuji: A gentleman?
Michiru: Good job. You may be hard-headed and completely tactless, but at least you're quick on the uptake.
Narration: *The conversation apparently concluded, Michiru waves her hand vaguely in my general direction.*
Michiru: Don't be a stranger, all right? Here, I'll give you a present. sHonestly... what on earth am I supposed to do with all these?
Narration: *Leaving a single model car behind on top of the desk, Michiru strides out of the classroom.*
Yuuji: It's like something out of a mystery novel. Completely beyond me.
Narration: *I'm a spectator on this ride, and the windows are opaque. I was hoping to get a handle on the situation, but it's impossible. Don't even feel like reading some escapist novel right now.*
Narration: *The only thing I want to do at the moment is collect my thoughts without the risk of being disturbed. Which means...*
Yuuji: Guess I'll go for a little run.
Narration: *With a small sigh, I quietly close the story of the girl named Michiru, placing a bookmark between today and tomorrow.*

Narration: *―Some things are inevitable. The carefully wrapped present you hand to a child never comes back in one piece; there's no night without a dawn. The wrapping paper gets torn to shreds, and the sun rises. That's the way the world works.*
Narration: *The girl who wasn't the girl told me to come to her room in the morning. A lot about this strikes me as strange, but at the moment I want to get this situation resolved. Time enough to pick at the details later.*
Date: *July 25, 2011, 07:34 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *Although getting up at five in the morning is perfectly routine for me, I understand that I'm something of an outlier among my age group in this regard.*
Narration: *Therefore, I decided to take care of my normal morning run and shower off my sweat before paying my visit.*
Narration: *Once I'm clean and dressed, I pull out the mental bookmark I've wedged between two slices of time, making my way to Michiru's room to pick up the story where I left off.*
Narration: *...Well, I'm here, at least, so that's step one. But how exactly am I supposed to make my entrance? Most likely, the Michiru on the other side of this door has no idea that I'm coming.*
Narration: *I pause for a moment, trying to think up a decent opening line. But soon enough, I shake my head and reach out for the doorknob. Thinking isn't going to help right now; too many unknowns. Whatever happens happens.*
Yuuji: Michiru, you awake?
Narration: *I wait patiently for a response, but as expected, there's no answer. Guess I'll have to make the first move.*
Yuuji: I'm coming in. If that's a problem, you can tell me why inside.
Narration: *It's unlocked, so my forcible entrance poses no particular difficulties. As I quietly close the door behind me, something stirs slowly in the darkness; for one strange moment, it feels as if the room itself is breathing.*
Narration: *Fortunately, there's a bit of sunlight leaking through the gaps in the blinds, so my eyes begin to adjust. It's still gloomy in here, but not enough to pose any real issues.*
Narration: *I've spent long enough in darkness where I couldn't tell the difference between having my eyes open and shut; this dimness isn't a problem by comparison.*
Narration: *The cloying scent of cheap candy and imported fabric softener hangs in the air, thick as tobacco smoke.*
Narration: *Hidden inside the stronger smells, I also pick up a faint hint of ammonia. Probably a major component of that witches' brew the girl slathers on her hair.*
Kittymeow: Meow, meowww.
Narration: *I'm startled by the sudden warmth of a living creature coiling itself around my legs. It's the cat Michiru's been doting on lately. Seem to remember her claiming it wasn't a pet, but if it's hanging around her room, that seems implausible.*
Yuuji: Hello there, Rommel. Where's Michiru?
Narration: *The cat reacts to my voice by pattering off on its tiny paws and hiding in the bed. Seems he doesn't like me too much.*
Narration: *And from a little above where the cat vanished, a somewhat surly human voice addresses me.*
Michiru: He's not Rommel.
Yuuji: Hm? Is that blanket blob you, Michiru?
Michiru: Don't call him that weird name. He's not Rommel... He's not...
Yuuji: ...I'm going to open the curtains. I understand it might be easier to relax in the dark, but a little light should help you wake up.
Michiru: Mmmm... yeah...
Narration: *Michiru's sitting on the bed, a blanket draped over her head, her knees clutched to her chest.*
Narration: *She's trembling visibly like some kind of traumatized war refugee. Or maybe a child, waiting anxiously for parents who should have been home hours ago.*
Yuuji: Keeping a cat in the dorm, are we? Pretty bold. Can't say I entirely approve, though.
Michiru: That's not it. He was just in the room when I woke up. I didn't bring him here... Really. It's true...
Yuuji: Hrm. You sound rather forlorn, my friend. Forget to put on your tsundere attitude this morning?
Michiru: Yeah.
Yuuji: "Yeah," she says...
Narration: *I grab the back of a nearby chair and pull it up to the bed. After briefly declaring "I'm going to sit," I do so without waiting for Michiru's response.*
Michiru: ...I didn't say you could take a seat yet.
Yuuji: Hrm. Now that's more like it. Go on, give me the vinegar.
Michiru: ...What's with that...?
Yuuji: Well, what's with that whiny tone of voice? You're really off your game. I'll be your audience, so how about starting with your vocal warm-ups? If you'd like, we can restart this scene from the point where I entered the room.
Michiru: I don't do that stuff... Look, when you see an obviously depressed girl, can't you show a little kindness?
Yuuji: I suppose I could, if someone told me to. But would that really make you happy?
Michiru: Mmm... yeah. Sounds a little hollow, but I'd probably be pretty happy anyway...
Yuuji: Hrm. What a reprehensible woman. But if you want my kindness that badly, I suppose I can give it to you.
Narration: *I lean forward in the chair, reach out with one hand, and give Michiru a few pats on the head.*
Michiru: ...W-What's this supposed to be?
Yuuji: Kindness. Not enough for you? Here, take a little extra.
Michiru: ...O-Oh.
Yuuji: Well then, that should be enough for the moment. I'm going to get to the topic at hand. No need to prolong this, all right? You can just respond to the questions.
Yuuji: Unless I'm completely off-base, you're dragging around a serious problem of some sort. I'm not looking to pry, but whatever it is, it's creating headaches for me as well.
Yuuji: I'm not particularly fond of stumbling cluelessly through difficult situations. To put it simply, I don't like this.
Yuuji: I want you to explain your current condition. Can you do that for me?
Michiru: Did I do something...? I did, didn't I? I must have.
Yuuji: That's right. So you don't remember after all?
Michiru: ...Yeah. I'm sorry.
Narration: *With those words, Michiru lets out a tremendously long sigh. Sounds something like a 10,000-year-old cat accidentally brushing his overlong whiskers against the moon.*
Yuuji: Nothing to apologize about. You can take it nice and slow, so try to talk, all right? We've got plenty of time.
Michiru: You always use your free time to read books, don't you? Sure about letting me take up your valuable time?
Yuuji: Not a problem. Don't sweat the small stuff right now, all right? Anyway, this happens to be exactly where I left my bookmark.
Michiru: Your bookmark?
Yuuji: Yeah. This is the start of the story, and you're the end. But I need you to talk if I'm ever going to decipher it.
Michiru: You're weird. That sounds like some kind of riddle.
Yuuji: Maybe. But in that case, you're the one who has the answer.
Yuuji: I'll hear you out, Michiru, so talk to me. Just make sure to wake me up if I doze off from boredom. I've tried sleep learning before, but it never really did much for me.
Michiru: Geez... Fine, I'll talk...
Narration: *The cat in Michiru's arms suddenly gives a single meow. Taking that as her cue, the girl licks her lips and begins to speak.*
Michiru: Uhm, I don't know how well I can explain this... but I don't remember. A lot of things.
Michiru: I told you Kittym... this cat wasn't in the room because I brought him here, right?
Michiru: He was just there when I woke up. I don't know whether he got in himself, or if I carried him here and forgot, but... I really don't remember.
Narration: *There's a deep wrinkle in Michiru's brow; she resembles a child trying to read a bulky encyclopedia. The girl doesn't seem to know quite where to begin.*
Michiru: But I do know exactly when this started happening... Ever since then, my memory's had these weird gaps...
Michiru: Sometimes I just go completely out of it, and all of a sudden it's the next morning.
Michiru: Okay, for example... For example, when you stare out the window of a train, you know what kind of scenery you're seeing on the other side, right? Even if you space out and don't remember exactly, you sort of... know.
Michiru: But this is like suddenly going into a pitch-dark tunnel. Just like that. I can't even see the scenery passing me by.
Michiru: When I wake up, and finally come out of that long tunnel... it's like I took a trip to snow country in a blizzard. It's tomorrow morning, and everything's just... a perfect white blank.
Yuuji: Hrm. So your memory's been skipping. Okay then, let me ask a more precise question... Do you remember what happened yesterday?
Michiru: Well, yeah... I remember parts of it just fine. I was talking with everybody in the laundry room, and then you... you were there, so I got nervous, and my chest started to hurt really bad―
Michiru: And then... for some reason, my head got all hot...
Michiru: I think I probably yelled at someone. I remember this awful feeling, like I'd just swallowed a big icicle or something... That memory's really clear, but after that it's all a blank.
Michiru: The next thing I knew, Kittymeow was there, and I was crying in my bed.
Narration: *Localized amnesia, is it... Is the girl herself aware that these gaps in her memory coincide with the emergence of "another" Michiru?*
Michiru: What happened... after that? Is everybody mad at me?
Yuuji: No, there shouldn't be a problem. I don't think you need to worry about that.
Michiru: ...Again?
Narration: *Biting her lower lip, Michiru mumbles a single word. It falls out of her mouth with the dull thunk of a sizable rock hitting the floor.*
Yuuji: "Again?" What's that supposed to mean?
Michiru: Mmm... well, I... Don't hate me, okay? Ah, no... uhm.
Michiru: It's always like that. These gaps in my memory always show up when I think something bad might have happened... but it never ever turns out that way.
Michiru: It's almost the opposite. More often than not, some problem's been solved, or something's going in a better direction than before.
Narration: *Not turning her head, Michiru flicks her eyes over for a furtive glimpse at me. After confirming that my expression hasn't changed dramatically, she gives a small sigh and resumes her story.*
Michiru: Sounds like it was the same way yesterday. I know I screwed up, but now everything's wrapped up neatly... Somehow, that makes me even more anxious. Hey, Yuuji, what did I do?
Yuuji: I wouldn't worry too much. Your memory's probably just a little confused. At a guess, the situation was overwhelming, so you had to flip a mental switch to deal with it.
Michiru: ...A mental switch?
Narration: *Michiru reacts strongly to those words in particular. Maybe she does know after all?*
Yuuji: Hrm. Well, I'm not a doctor, and you're not a patient. It's up to you how much you want to hear.
Michiru: What? What's that supposed to mean?
Yuuji: I don't think it's that difficult a sentence. Think it over.
Narration: *Michiru lowers her gaze to the floor, staring at the carpet as if looking for the word she dropped earlier. But soon enough, she abandons the search and closes her eyes in apparent resignation.*
Michiru: Yuuji... will you tell me everything?
Yuuji: All right. Immediately after you screamed, the―
Michiru: Hold on a second. Uhm...
Michiru: Can I... hold your hand?
Yuuji: I guess. I don't really mind.
Narration: *Michiru timidly reaches out to me. Her small hand, damp with sweat, trembles like a sick songbird.*
Michiru: ...Okay. Go ahead.
Yuuji: Immediately after you screamed in the laundry, the oth―
Michiru: Aaaaah. Hold on a second. Uhm, can I get a bit little closer?
Yuuji: I guess. I don't really mind.
Narration: *Michiru sidles across the bed toward me. As she draws near, the fingers of her hand twine their way between mine.*
Yuuji: Can I continue now?
Michiru: Y... Yeah.
Yuuji: Immediately after you screamed―
Michiru: Aaaah. Uh, sorry. Well, uhhhm... Hey...
Yuuji: What now?
Michiru: Can I snuggle you?
Yuuji: ...Hm? I'm not familiar with that verb. Request clarification.
Michiru: You know... snuggle.
Yuuji: I can't determine what you're referring to from that word alone. I'm unable to answer.
Michiru: Then... I'll do it for a second, okay?
Narration: *Michiru pulls away for a moment, then leans over and wraps her arms around me, keeping her eyes averted the whole way. She's squeezing pretty forcefully, almost like a child clutching a giant stuffed animal for reassurance.*
Michiru: ...This is snuggling. Can I do this?
Yuuji: Seems a slightly academic question at this point. You already are.
Michiru: I know, but... can I?
Yuuji: I guess. I don't really mind.
Michiru: Haaah, thank goodness... O-Okay, go ahead.
Narration: *This little scene must look something like a large tree, nearly ready to fall, being supported from the side by a lumberjack. A little ironic, since Michiru's clearly the one who needs to be propped up right about now.*
Yuuji: All right, this time I'm going to finish the sentence. Immediately after―
Michiru: Aaaah. Sorry. Actually, I'm good.
Yuuji: What do you mean?
Michiru: I mean you don't have to say it! Ah... I'm sorry.
Yuuji: All right. In that case, can you let go of me now?
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Yeah, I guess I have to let go, don't I...?
Narration: *Even as she speaks, Michiru buries her face against my chest. I can feel the area near her lips grow warm with every exhalation of breath.*
Michiru: I mean, letting go would be the normal thing to do, right? This is weird, isn't it?
Yuuji: Well, it's not especially inconvenient for me, so I don't really mind.
Michiru: ...Thanks.
Yuuji: Nothing to worry yourself about.
Narration: *The girl maintains her embrace on me for quite some time; my thoughts drift back to the enigmatic "other" Michiru.*
Michiru: ...now?
Yuuji: Hm? What was that?
Michiru: Uhm... do you... hate me now?
Yuuji: Hate? Why would I? Where's this coming from?
Michiru: I mean... this is definitely weird, right? I'm not normal, am I? Ah, by "this," I meant... you know, the gaps in my memory. Not this... situation, okay?
Yuuji: Hrm. It's certainly not what you'd call "typical," but honestly, I don't view it as a major problem.
Michiru: ...R-Really?
Yuuji: Yeah. Not sure why anyone would dislike you over something like that. And in the first place, nobody could call me "normal" either, you know? Even I'm aware of that.
Michiru: Yeah. You're weird too, Yuuji.
Yuuji: That's right. So don't worry about it.
Michiru: You're nice...
Yuuji: I get that a lot. To be honest, I'm getting tired of hearing it.
Michiru: Stupid.
Michiru: Uhm... Thanks. I'm happy you came.
Yuuji: Hrm... feel a little guilty to hear you say that.
Michiru: Huh? Why?
Yuuji: Because I didn't come here on my own initiative.
Michiru: O-Oh, I see... Right. Makes sense.
Yuuji: To be perfectly honest, Michiru, I came here because you told me to.
Michiru: M-Me?
Narration: *She seems to be making an effort to hide it now, but Michiru's clearly still disturbed. Confusion and anxiety flash across her face.*
Narration: *Seems like this really is the one topic she wants to avoid above all others. But if we keep tiptoeing around it, we're never going to make any real progress.*
Michiru: Uhm... is that, uh...
Kittymeow: Meeeow.
Michiru: Ah, Kittymeow...
Narration: *Watching the cat cuddle up against her leg, Michiru slowly continues to speak.*
Michiru: I'm really afraid... of stuff happening without me even realizing it. Even if I'm not any worse off after, it's not like you can just ignore something like that, right?
Michiru: The idea of me doing stuff I don't even know about is... really scary.
Michiru: It feels like I'm gonna stop being myself. That's what scares me most.
Michiru: The less I remember, the more I don't know... My world gets smaller and smaller, narrower and narrower. Maybe at the end, I just vanish. Stop being myself. That's scary, you know? It really is.
Michiru: ...But...
Narration: *As Michiru pets the cat's head, it emits a noisy, rumbling purr.*
Michiru: There's no night without a dawn, right?
Narration: *And her voice as she speaks those words is slightly brighter than before.*
Yuuji: How does that one go? There's no night without a dawn, and no rain that doesn't end? True enough. But even if the sun does get sick of rising, as long as you're yourself, your "world" isn't going to get any smaller.
Yuuji: Who cares about the rain? Morning and night have nothing to do with it. It's all you.
Michiru: ...Oh, that so? That so... That soooOOooO!?!
Yuuji: Hrm?
Michiru: Look, you! Hold it. You, uhm, you're misunderstanding something here! You really think I'm a weak little girl or something, right!? That was all, you know... a total lie kapow!!
Narration: *Just as I notice that her eyes have grown slightly red, Michiru begins snorting roughly through her nose and shouting transparent nonsense at me. The girl really needs to learn how to deal with her emotions a little more calmly...*
Yuuji: ...No need to force it.
Michiru: I-I'm not forcing it! So, you know, the stuff we talked about... uhm, and the stuff we did just now... forget about all of that! Got it!?
Yuuji: The stuff we did? By which you mean your unilateral clinging session?
Michiru: Aaaaaah! I can't heeaaar youuuu! And I didn't hug anybody! Never happened!
Michiru: In the first place, a guy barging into a girl's room? Uh, talk about unbelievable!
Yuuji: Not to repeat myself, but you're the one who...
Michiru: Shaddup! Just get out, okay? Hurry upppp arggh, I can't wait! In that case, I'll leave fungah!
Narration: *As Michiru stomps off toward the door, the cat follows at a dignified pace, holding its tail straight up in the air.*
Yuuji: You forgot your broom. How about a radio, while you're at it? I hear the delivery-service industry is booming.
Michiru: Who're you calling a witch!? "Black brings out a woman's charm," my butt! You trying to pick a fight with the blond-by-choice community!?
Yuuji: The way I see it, blond or black is beyond the point. What's beautiful is beautiful. Right, for example...
Michiru: Huh? W-What're you... Uh, for example...?
Yuuji: For example... that cat.
Michiru: The friggin' cat!?! 
Michiru: That does it! You'd better be long gone by the time I come back to this room, okay!?
Yuuji: Yeah, got it. I'll be out in a minute.
Michiru: Don't hang around in here too long! The man-stench will be unbearable!
Yuuji: I just said I'll leave.
Michiru: And another thing... uh, Yuuji...
Yuuji: What now?
Michiru: If you tell anybody about today, I'll get you good!!
Yuuji: ...Hrm.
Narration: *Well, looking back on this little visit, I've resolved exactly nothing. I achieved formal confirmation of Michiru's problem, but little else. The rough equivalent of shifting a heavy load on your back from the right shoulder to the left.*
Narration: *That said, I'm not intending to take further proactive measures at the moment. Michiru's the only one who can truly resolve her problems.*
Narration: *Maybe external aid could provide her with a temporary crutch, but that'd only make things even harder on the girl when she finds herself alone again.*
Narration: *When you try to "save" someone, often as not you succeed only in stroking your own ego. Rather than scooping them up in your arms, you should be providing a push from behind. Assuming, of course, they even want your help in the first place.*
Yuuji: Guess I really should get going.
Narration: *I leave the sweet-smelling room behind, having gained little there but a fresh coat of cat hair on my socks.*
Date: *July 26, 2011, 11:41 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Michiru: ―so I sez to Yuuji, next time you barge into my room like that I'll twist your tiptoes till you toot!
Makina: Hoooh, that's pure Chiruchiru!
Michiru: I know, right? I'm not a tsundere for show, you know? When the time comes, I take care of business!
Yuuji: What kind of business, exactly?
Michiru: Guh. W-What, Yuuji, you were there? Say something next time. Don't just lurk around!
Narration: *Since that day, Michiru seems to have gotten back into her normal rhythm, even cracking jokes at my expense. Everything isn't quite back to the way it was before, but she seems to have gradually regained her balance.*
Amane: Better watch out, Yuuji, or something weird might happen to the tips of your toes.
Yuuji: Twisted toes? That's nothing. Heard a story once about a journalist who got abducted by a terrorist group. They broke out the pliers and―
Yuuji: ―Hrm. All right then, guess that's enough of that story.
Michiru: I swear, you throw out these cruel stories at the most random times! What are you, Cruelty Colossus Crool-Three!?
Makina: Ah, I saw that one!
Michiru: What? Seriously!? Crool exists!?
Makina: Huh? Doesn't he? Ama-nee, that one totally exists, right? Hmm. Maybe I just dreamed it?
Amane: Uhh, can't say as I know either way.
Makina: Whaaaat!? C'mon! My dreams have been operatin' without proper oversight? I expected better from you!
Amane: Why do I have to "oversee" your dreams on top of everything else...? Also, I have no idea how that would even work.
Makina: Well, I'm sure Sacchin'll do it for me! Sacchiiin! Sachiiin!
Amane: Sheesh... All right then, I'm going to take a little shopping trip.
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: W-Whadda you want?
Yuuji: Nothing in particular.
Voice: Kyaaaaaaaaaaaa!!！
Yuuji: Hrm. Michiru, stay here.
Michiru: Huh? What!? What is this!?
Yuuji: The details are unclear. Keep quiet and standby at your present location. Don't make me repeat myself again.
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Narration: *That scream from outside sounded like Sakaki. Hope it's nothing serious, but...*
Yuuji: Sakaki, where are you!? Respond!
Yumiko: ...A-Aah...
Yuuji: Dammit, where is she...? Sakaki!
Yumiko: ...Haa, haa...
Yuuji: What is it? What happened?
Yumiko: Ah... it fell...
Yuuji: It fell? What fell?
Yumiko: All of a sudden... out of the sky...
Yuuji: Out of the sky?
Yumiko: A cat...
Yuuji: A cat, you say?
Yumiko: A cat fell. I was slightly... well...
Narration: *I follow Sakaki's gaze to find a familiar black cat bounding lightly away into a nearby hedge. Must have been wandering around this area looking for Michiru.*
Yuuji: Hrm. That's Michiru's cat, isn't it?
Yumiko: What? You're familiar with it? Don't tell me this surprise was deliberate...
Yuuji: No, you're misunderstanding. This was almost certainly pure coincidence.
Yuuji: You most likely happened to pass by just as it was jumping down from a high place nearby. I doubt the cat did it out of malice either.
Yumiko: I see. Well, that's fine... I must say, though, that was a bit of a shock.
Michiru: Okaahhaaay! What seems to be the problem here!? What can I do!?
Yumiko: ...Huh? What?
Yuuji: I thought I ordered you to stay at your post, maggot! Why did you disobey me!?
Michiru: Hmph, isn't that obvious? I'm not your henchman or your servant! I don't have to follow your orders if I don't want to!!
Yuuji: True enough, but you can't deny there was a possibility of real danger. That's why I told you to stay where you were. I really hope you can figure that much out for yourself...
Michiru: S-Shaddup, you. I mean, yeah, that's true, but, uh, well, shaddup! Anyway, what's the problem?
Yumiko: A cat suddenly fell from the sky.
Michiru: A cat from the sky? A sky-cat, eh... hrm, hrm, I see. Hmm... okay, Yumiko. I put my tsundere-brain to work on this problem, and have arrived at a plausible theory.
Michiru: It's just a theory, so don't get upset if I'm wrong, okay? Perhaps that wasn't a cat...
Michiru: Maybe it was just the rain?
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: Aaah, sorry, sorry! Yes, indeed, you wouldn't mistake raindrops for a cat, would you? I mean, a cat's a cat, right? No way you could confuse those!
Yumiko: In the first place, it seems the cat in question belongs to you, Matsushima-san. Is that true?
Michiru: Absolutely not! I don't even have a cat, for your information. Anyway, where did Kittym... I mean, that hole in the ground go?
Yumiko: Hole in the ground...? Matsushima-san, you can tell the difference between a cat and the rain, but not between a cat and a pothole?
Michiru: Whaaaat!? Of course I know that! Cats and holes are totally different, right? Huh? I mean, what are you even talking about? Seriously!
Yumiko: ...There are so many things I don't understand right now...
Kittymeow: Meowww!
Yumiko: !!
Yuuji: Hoh. Really does look like a comfortable perch, doesn't it?
Yumiko: So that cat was your pet after all, Matsushima-san?
Michiru: T-That cat? What do you mean? Which cat?
Yumiko: The one currently sitting on top of your head for all to see. That cat.
Yuuji: The comfortably perched one.
Michiru: ...W-Well, just for the sake of argument, let's say it is. What about it?
Yumiko: For one thing, we're not allowed to keep pets at this school.
Michiru: In that case, you're wrong! 
Yumiko: "In that case?"
Michiru: ...Yumiko, what you're seeing is nothing more than an illusion!! There's no such thing as "cats!"
Yuuji: I'm fairly sure cats do exist, actually.
Michiru: No, they don't! Only dogs exist in this world! 
Narration: *In an apparent attempt to protect her cat, Michiru begins to lay out a rather radical new theory. She's probably thinking Sakaki might talk to the administration and get the animal taken away from her.*
Yumiko: I-I see. All right then, let's say for the sake of argument that it's not a cat. In that case, what's currently sitting on top of your head?
Michiru: All I can say right now is... it's all an illusion! Therefore, there's nothing on top of my head! You're simply hallucinating! There's nothing to see, nothing to hear―
Kittymeow: Meowww.
Yumiko: ...It just meowed, you know.
Michiru: No, it didn't! Not even a little!
Kittymeow: Meeeow, meowwwww.
Yumiko: It just meowed again. Twice, in fact.
Michiru: Ahh, yes, okay, maybe it did. In that case, it's a curse. Right, a cat-curse was cast on my cranium. Because of the curse, it looks like there's a cat on my head!
Michiru: Aaah, all of a sudden my head feels so heavy... The curse's power is amazing...
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Okay then, think I have to be going, so...
Narration: *She just declared that cats don't exist, and now she's insisting on a "cat-curse." The word "inconsistent" itself is rendered meaningless in the face of this girl's irrationality.*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, if you're going to keep a pet cat then at least try to be stealthy about it.
Michiru: I told you, I'm not keeping a cat! It's just a curse! Very common these days!
Kittymeow: Meoow...
Michiru: Ugh. Din-din? Is it din-din time?
Kittymeow: Meowww!
Michiru: H-Hold on just a second, will you... geez...
Yuuji: That girl really does whatever she wants.
Yumiko: ...Tell me, Kazami-kun. Has Matsushima-san suffered any strong impacts to the head lately?
Yuuji: Haven't heard anything of the sort.
Yumiko: I see. In that case, I do believe I'll have to treat her with a little more sympathy from now on. No... a good deal more.
Yuuji: Hrm.
Narration: *―And so, Michiru's more or less back to her old "energetic" self. If anything, I think her incomprehensibility factor may even have increased slightly.*
Narration: *I do understand. The girl's forcing out a show of cheerfulness to mask the continued instability of her emotions. And more simply, she's excited by her new pet.*
Narration: *That said, no matter what the circumstances may be, this "illusion" and "cat-curse" strategy strikes me as more than a little wince-worthy... even by Michiru's standards.*
Yuuji: Guess I'll see if Chizuru can get me the standard cat vaccines.
Narration: *There's no telling what sort of viruses or infections a stray might have picked up. In some cases, feline intestinal worms can infect human beings. Michiru's stomach is weak at the best of times, so a little caution seems warranted.*
Yuuji: Have to be careful about being too nice, though. Don't need a certain capricious creature getting emotionally attached to me...

Narration: *There's only one truth, but the same facts will inevitably be interpreted in wildly different ways depending on the viewpoint of the observer. The winner writes the history books, and they always come out looking pretty good.*
Narration: *If you're searching for the absolute truth, you've got no choice but to wade through various accounts with a critical eye, painstakingly piecing together a more neutral perspective.*
Narration: *But even then, cleverly distorted information can often throw your puzzle into a confused jumble.*
Narration: *So how about this? Instead of sifting through everything you can find, dramatically restrict your sources of information. Ignore the third parties entirely and talk only to those who were directly involved.*
Narration: *In most cases, that's simply not practical. But every once in a great while, it's an effective strategy.*
Yuuji: Coming in.
Principal: Oh, if it isn't Kazami-kun. What's up? Need something? Or maybe you just wanted to see my face?
Yuuji: No, I see your face in my dreams every night. A real nice expression on it, too, if you know what I mean.
Principal: Do I even want to know...? What the heck, geez...
Yuuji: Okay, enough joking around. Sorry to barge in like this, but there was actually something I was hoping you could get for me.
Principal: That's a joke...? All right then, explain the nature of your problem. Were you assigned some job where the provisioned equipment might prove insufficient?
Yuuji: I do my job with the tools I'm given. This concerns my private life.
Principal: ...It's a bit of a surprise to hear you even talking about a "private life."
Yuuji: I'd like you to get me a dose of combination vaccine for a cat. Can you do that?
Principal: A cat? I thought I'd noticed a stray hanging around the campus lately... Is that your pet, Kazami-kun?
Yuuji: I'm on a leash myself. Why would I do the same to an animal?
Principal: Hehe. Maybe you could stick a homing device in its collar and play hide-and-go-seek.
Yuuji: Anyway, I want to give that cat one of those three-in-one shots at the very least. And just for safety's sake, can you get it tested for the common diseases? I'll get a blood sample for you.
Principal: Hold on a second. Who's going to be paying for this? I'm afraid our budget isn't quite that flexible.
Yuuji: True enough, I guess...
Principal: But since it's you asking... as a personal favor, I'll get you a five-in-one combination vaccine myself.
Principal: Please take care of the rest at a private veterinarian. Unlike you, I'm not a professional "jack of all trades," remember?
Yuuji: You're still a help. Appreciate it... All right then, I'll see you in my dreams.
Narration: *As I turn to leave, Chizuru grabs my arm to detain me.*
Principal: Hold on just one second here. Did you really go out of your way to come here just for that? Isn't there something else you wanted to ask?
Narration: *Leaning back in her chair, Chizuru pushes her glasses up her nose with the tip of a finger. We may not have spent that much time together, but we've known each other long enough... The woman can see right through me at times.*
Yuuji: Hrm. Well, it's not like I need to hide it, I suppose... It's about Michiru. The cat belongs to her, by the way.
Principal: Matsushima-san, eh...? I thought it might have been something like that. Well, what have you learned about her so far, Kazami-kun?
Yuuji: I've learned that she's an extremely moody woman. Also, she sleeps in a room saturated with the sugary smell of cheap artificially-colored candies.
Principal: H-Hold on a second, Kazami-kun. Please tell me you weren't up to any funny business in her room...
Yuuji: Nothing to worry about. I paid a brief visit because I had something to discuss with her, that's all.
Principal: Well, that's fine, then. But do refrain from potentially problematic actions. You want a normal school life, right?
Principal: Anyway, I'm willing to tell you what I know about Matsushima-san, within reason... if you're interested in knowing, of course.
Narration: *After all this wandering around following a trail of breadcrumbs, an unexpected bluebird arrives on the scene. Does Chizuru have the answers I've been looking for...?*
Yuuji: Honestly, I'd be grateful. That said, you can't exactly email me your records, I assume.
Principal: Naturally. I don't particularly like the phrase "just between you and me," but I do trust you, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: All right then, let me ask you something. Does Michiru―
Michiru: C'mon, Kittymeow, wait uppp! You've got a dumpling stuck to your back! I'll get ittt!
Kittymeow: Mrrowrowr!
Michiru: I'll take it off you, so stoooop!
Principal: Seems like quite the energetic cat. Anyway, you were saying?
Narration: *But for some reason, I don't feel like asking Chizuru the question anymore. If anyone's going to tell me Michiru's story, it should be Michiru herself.*
Yuuji: Sorry, don't think I need that explanation after all. Shouldn't be necessary, really. If Michiru needs my help in some way, I assume she'll come to me herself.
Principal: Oh, that so? Decided to remain a spectator, then? Well, if that's what you want, it's fine by me.
Yuuji: Sorry to waste your time.
Narration: *By asking Chizuru, I probably could have obtained a decent amount of new information. But when I remember Michiru quivering under her blanket, I think I made the right choice just now.*
Narration: *I can't help but feel that learning about Michiru's background without her knowledge would be a betrayal of sorts.*
Date: *July 28, 2011, 08:16 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Narration: *A few days later, after loading the vaccine Chizuru got me into a syringe, I decided to inoculate Michiru's mangy little cat. Problem being, the animal in question seems to despise me.*
Narration: *Maybe it's picking up on the lingering scent of blood? Instinctive hostility against a fellow predator? Either way, it's a problem.*
Narration: *Making a dog behave itself is comparatively easy. They're generally not used to heights, so plop it down on an elevated operating table and it'll be too busy quaking with fear to thrash around.*
Narration: *But cats outright enjoy sharply differentiated terrain. Subduing a feline requires different methods: if you cover their eyes and hold them steady, they'll generally settle down. Same goes for most animals, really.*
Narration: *That said, there's no point in covering the animal's head in a paper sack and suffocating it. Which leaves me with the most fundamental strategy of all: pure physical restraint.*
Yuuji: ......
Amane: Huh? What? What's that noise?
Amane: What the...?
Yuuji: ...Flash.
Amane: T-Thunder? Oh, hey Yuuji. What's up?
Yuuji: ...Ah, so it's Amane. I see. Good timing, actually. Tell me, do you have a laundry net?
Amane: The ones you use for washing underwear or whatever? Yeah, I've got one... You want to borrow it? If you've got laundry, I can just do it for you.
Yuuji: No, I'll be using it myself. Don't worry about it.
Amane: Hmmm? What's this? Don't tell me you're embarrassed to have me wash your underwear or something?
Yuuji: That's not the issue here. I need the net to minimize potential damage. Are you going to lend it to me or not?
Amane: Damage? Damage to what? I mean, yeah, I'll lend it to you. There's no need to get all snippy... All right, there you go.
Yuuji: Sorry. Appreciate it.
Amane: So? What are you washing?
Yuuji: I'm not washing anything. All right, see you later.
Amane: Huh? What's that supposed to mean? ...Don't tell me... Huh!? A male brassiere? Yuuji's wearing the notorious male bra on a daily basis, but he's so ashamed that he washes it secretly!? Is that what's going on here!?
Narration: *I'm getting the impression that I've left Amane with a fairly serious misunderstanding, but I have other priorities that take precedence right now. I can correct her delusions at a later date.*
Narration: *Well then. Even among trained veterinarians, many have difficulty handling cats; strays in particular tend to bite and claw. Need to be careful. Taking a pinch of silver vine powder from my pocket, I rub a little onto my fingertips.*
Yuuji: You're around here, aren't you? Come on out.
Narration: *I make a conspicuous rustling sound with the bag of powder, and before long the cat wanders out of the brush to investigate. I bend down and hold out my hand; most cats have a habit of sniffing at fingertips when they're made available.*
Narration: *The black cat isn't particularly fond of me, but the scent of the powder does its work. It walks up cautiously, bringing its nose to my fingers.*
Yuuji: And in that instant, your fate was sealed!
Kittymeow: Meoww!?
Narration: *Taking advantage of the cat's momentary carelessness, I pluck it up off the ground by the scruff of its neck and toss it into the laundry net I borrowed from Amane.*
Narration: *Some would doubtless take exception to this strategy from the perspective of animal welfare, but I planned this out fairly carefully to ensure the least possible risk of lasting harm to the creature.*
Narration: *As for those of you who still have complaints, I'll listen once you've liberated every pet on earth from their collars and converted America to the vegan diet. Until then, surely you have better things to be worried about.*
Kittymeow: Meow! Meow! Mrer mrerow!
Yuuji: Calm yourself, animal, I mean no harm. It's a simple vaccination; sometimes there are side effects, but rarely worse than a high fever. You won't die. Trust me.
Kittymeow: Meow.
Yuuji: Hrm. That's right, go limp. Not like you can escape anyway.
Kittymeow: Meow...
Yuuji: Here goes.
Narration: *I take out a nylon cosmetics pouch from my pocket.*
Narration: *Naturally, there's no makeup inside. This just happened to be ideally sized to inconspicuously store a certain pen-shaped syringe. Taking out the item in question, I carefully jab the needle into my furry foe's flank.*
Kittymeow: M-Meow...
Yuuji: Good boy. Don't worry, it'll be over soon. Relax.
Kittymeow: Mrrow...
Michiru: What are you doing to Kittymeow!?!
Yuuji: Wha-!?
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji! What's the big idea? Animal abuse is NOT okay!
Yuuji: Damn, I was completely off-guard. To think I'd let you, of all people, take my back... The disgrace is unbearable! Go ahead, kill me!
Michiru: Uh, no, I'm not gonna kill you. No killing. But don't bully that guy, you understand?
Narration: *Apparently agitated by the arrival of its owner, the black cat violently rips open the net and leaps to freedom.*
Kittymeow: Hisss! Hissss!
Michiru: Look how mad he is! What did you do to the poor little guy!? Geez...
Yuuji: Nothing bad. Don't worry about it.
Michiru: You wrapped him up in a net and you're telling me "don't worry about it!?" You think that sorry excuse for an explanation is gonna fly with me? Next time you try this, you won't get off so easy!
Kittymeow: Mrrmrorowwwr!
Narration: *For some reason, I find myself answering Michiru's questions with the cosmetics bag and syringe held behind my back.*
Yuuji: Yeah, I get the message. Sorry about that. Convey my apologies to your cat as well.
Michiru: I-It's not like he's my cat or anything! All right, Kittymeow, let's get out of here!
Kittymeow: Meow!
Narration: *Seems I've reinforced the cat's enmity toward me. Haven't done myself many favors in Michiru's book, either. In retrospect, I might as well have told her the truth, but the words just didn't come out.*
Narration: *Maybe I've been spending too much time around the girl... Her pseudo-tsundere seems like it might be rubbing off on me slightly.*
Yuuji: Well, that's all well and good... but what do I do about this net?
Sachi: Ah, Kazami-san... h-hello there. 
Yuuji: You seen Amane around?
Sachi: Yes. Uhm, yes. I did.
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: I'd appreciate if you told me where she is.
Sachi: Ah, I see. Yes, well... she's returned to her room.
Yuuji: I see. Guess I'll head over there.
Sachi: Uhm, Kazami-san! Well, I know full well that this is presumptuous of me, but please let me say something.
Yuuji: What?
Sachi: Kazami-san... whoever or whatever you choose to be, you're still Kazami-san to me.
Sachi: In this day and age, it's hardly so strange for a man to wear a brassiere. No, it's perfectly natural. If anything, I understand it's almost stranger not to wear one, yes?
Yuuji: I see, so that's what this is about.
Sachi: Indeed it is. Can you provide me with your cup size and such? I'll gladly prepare a brassiere that will fit you perfectly, but I'll need the band and bust... Aah, do you know what those are? 
Sachi: Uhm, the "band" I'm referring to measures the circumference just under the...
Yuuji: Listen, Sachi, that was a misunderstanding of Amane's. Pure fantasy. There's no truth to what you're imagining.
Sachi: I understand... I'll forget all about this. But there's one thing I want you to remember, please. Whoever or whatever you are, Kazami-san... I, Komine Sachi, will always respect you... 
Yuuji: I see. Nice to hear. I have to admit, though, the look of pained determination in your eyes and the way you're chewing your lower lip leave me with slightly mixed feelings.
Sachi: Whoever or whatever you are... I, Komine Sachi... will always...
Yuuji: ...What a joke. Forget it, Sachi.
Sachi: C-Certainly. I'll do that.
Yuuji: Amane, you in there?
Amane: Ah, Yuuji. W-What's up? Need something?
Yuuji: The net I borrowed from you ended up getting torn to shreds. Sorry about that. I'll get you an equivalent replacement later.
Amane: No, uh, don't even worry about that, okay? Y-Yeah. I mean, sure, when it's one made for a guy, I guess there might be a lot of wires and stuff.
Amane: Only natural for the net to get torn once in a while, right?
Yuuji: I don't wear a bra.
Amane: Huh!? I-I didn't say you do! Sorry, guess I made it sound like I think you're wearing a bra, Yuuji! My bad!
Yuuji: But you do.
Amane: Yep. So hey, what's your cup size? How does it feel when you're wearing it?
Yuuji: I'm telling you I don't wear a bra, woman.
Amane: Oh come on, it's nothing to be ashamed of. Well? Well?
Narration: *I grab Amane's hand and push it firmly up against my chest.*
Yuuji: What do you think?
Amane: ...Nice pecs...
Yuuji: That's not what I'm asking. Does it feel like I'm wearing a bra?
Amane: ...No, it doesn't.
Yuuji: Glad we've come to an understanding. I'll be going now.
Amane: Y-Yeah. But if you decide you want to wear one, I'll pick one out for you, okay?
Narration: *For crying out loud... There are countless varieties of awkward misunderstandings in the world, but this one has really distinguished itself on the "mentally draining" scale.*
Michiru: ......
Kittymeow: Hisss!
Narration: *Like a cheap LCD screen, the truth changes color based on your perspective. Best to view it from a fixed angle: find a few sources you can trust, and stick to them.*
Narration: *Even actions you take with the best of intentions can be easily warped through misinterpretation into strange misdeeds. Happens every day, in fact.*
Narration: *I sink into the sofa and heave a heavy sigh.*

Date: *July 28, 2011, 20:25 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *A certain playwright once wrote that "Any sorrow's tempered if you have a friend to share it." And there's a long-standing British proverb to the effect of "Wine and friends only get better with age."*
Narration: *But is there any truth to these claims? I'm not so sure myself.*
Narration: *Let's say you set out on a trip lugging around a few bags. You'll probably experience some level of anxiety about them being lost or stolen, right? In that case, wouldn't it have been more pleasant to bring nothing at all?*
Narration: *All the more so if you were carrying something truly precious.*
Narration: *Isn't it better to lock the things you treasure away in a safebox...*
Narration: *―Or perhaps not to treasure anything in the first place?*
Narration: *I'm sitting in the lobby indulging in some after-dinner reading when Amane walks up with Makina in tow. I lift my eyes from "The Summer of Doors" and ask if they need something.*
Amane: This is a little awkward, actually... I'm going home tomorrow, and I just realized I completely forgot to tell you, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Nothing wrong with using summer vacation to see your family. I don't see any reason you should apologize to me.
Amane: Well, sure, but I've been making you dinner and everything, you know? I won't be around to do that for a while.
Yuuji: Not a problem. As long as I have beans to eat, I won't die.
Amane: Okay, that might be fine with you, but it kind of worries me. You've got to eat healthy food or you won't grow up big and strong, you know?
Yuuji: Are you making light of the nutritive qualities of beans, woman?
Amane: Oh, peeerish the thought. All I'm saying is that eating them all the time can't be good for you. Balance in all things, right? Didn't you ever learn the food pyramid in school?
Yuuji: Piecing together your meals from all the "groups," right? Pretty sure they retired that as too inflexible and restrictive a guideline.
Amane: R-Really? Anyway, that's not really the point. I'm just saying that a balanced diet is important.
Yuuji: I see. Well, don't worry about it. I think I'll get by one way or the other.
Makina: Sniffle sniff... 
Narration: *Now that I look, Makina's latched on to Amane's sleeve, her small shoulders trembling. Combined with her diminutive frame, she looks remarkably like a lost child at the moment.*
Yuuji: What's wrong, Makina? You that broken up over Amane leaving for a while? I know you two're practically sisters, but...
Makina: Uuu, that ain't it. I'm lonely 'cause I won't be able to see you, Onii-chan.
Yuuji: Hm? What do you mean by that?
Narration: *Amane gently strokes Makina's head a few times, then gives me an exaggerated shrug of the shoulders.*
Amane: I can't just leave her on her own, you know? Thought I'd bring her back with me.
Yuuji: Hoh, how admirable. You're an exemplary guardian, you know that? Those idiots who get caught up playing basketball and forget their children in the car could learn a thing or two from you.
Makina: Auu... I'm happy that I'll be with Ama-nee, but I'm sad ta leave Onii-chan, an' Sacchin tooo, an' Yumi-chan I can deal with.
Amane: ...W-What about Michiru?
Makina: Hm? Who's Michiru?
Michiru: Hold it right there! It's me, of course! Me! 
Kittymeow: Meooow.
Makina: Aah, her. Hmm, well, dunno. Pass.
Michiru: Hey! "Pass" on what? Is that a no comment?
Makina: ......
Michiru: Hold on! Why are you ignoring me!?
Amane: Well, you know, she's probably feeling lonely about not seeing you for a few weeks. That's why she's acting all tough. Right?
Makina: ...Hmmmmmmmm. Yeah. Sure. 
Michiru: She really doesn't sound convinced... Anyway, what are we even talking about here?
Narration: *The girl must have heard her name in passing and reflexively inserted herself into the conversation. The ability to talk for that long without a clue about the topic could be called a sort of talent in its own right.*
Narration: *True, the more impressive feat here is the total lack of comment regarding the cat perched on Michiru's head. But that one's less attributable to Michiru's talents than our well-honed ignoring skills.*
Yuuji: Seems Amane's going home as of tomorrow. And she's taking Makina with her.
Michiru: Hmm, that so? Do take care on th... Whaaat!? Seriously!?
Amane: Uh, I told you this last week, Michiru. Just forgot to mention it to Yuuji.
Michiru: Aaah, now that you mention it, I didn't hear the first thing about that! Blah!
Amane: No, no, I definitely told you. You probably just weren't paying attention.
Michiru: Really? Hmm, maybe... Wait, you're taking Makina with you too?
Makina: Thats th' plan, Stan.
Michiru: O-Oh, I see... Well, guess you might enjoy yourselves for a few days.
Amane: Two weeks, actually.
Michiru: Twoooo wwwwwaaa... heeeeks!?!
Makina: That's how it is, Chiruchiru. Look after Onii-chan fer us.
Michiru: Hmph, I couldn't care less about Yuuji!
Amane: Okay then, we've got to go get ready. See you guys later.
Makina: Laters!
Michiru: W-Well, fine. The dorm might get a little lonely, but I guess them's the breaks. The rest of us will just have to live it up that much more!
Narration: *Just as the words are leaving Michiru's mouth, Sachi passes by the lobby, sweeping the passage with vigorous movements of her broom.*
Michiru: Ah, Sachi! Good timing. <Coming> here for a second! <I'm coming!>
Narration: *Betraying no surprise at this disturbing greeting, Sachi carefully leans her broom against the wall before trotting over to us. Conscientious as always.*
Sachi: Yes, Michiru-sama, is there something I can do for you? Incidentally, I believe "I'm coming" was a rather problematic choice of phrase... on multiple levels... 
Michiru: Huh? Why? Well, that's not important right now. You hear? Seems like Amane and Makina are heading home tomorrow.
Sachi: Yes, the two of them told me as much. 
Michiru: Okay, good. Anyway, it's gonna get a little lonely around here without them, so I was wondering if you could get us some party supplies.
Sachi: I see. Party supplies, is it? By which you mean playful items such as plastic glasses complete with nose and mustache? Or perhaps those brightly-colored conical hats?
Michiru: Right, right, that's what I'm talking about. That sort of stuff gets things going more than you'd expect, you know? Yaaay, buffalo game! Or whatever.
Sachi: Certainly. Well then, I'll purchase a number of Duck Soup Co. Groucho-kun Model 4 Deluxe Nose-Glasses. 
Michiru: Make sure you get four, okay? One for me, one for Yuuji, one for you, and one for Yumiko!
Sachi: I beg your pardon, Michiru-sama, but...
Michiru: Hm? W-What, the money? Don't worry, I'll pay. I know things can get ugly if you're not clear about that stuff from the start.
Sachi: No, it's nothing so dubious as that. As a matter of fact, I happen to be returning to my relatives' home tomorrow as well, so I believe three sets of glasses will be sufficient.
Michiru: Whaaaaa!? Seriously!? W-Why!?
Sachi: There are a variety of complex circumstances involved, but to summarize in a single sentence, "Because they asked me to."
Michiru: O-Oh, guess there's nothing we can do about that... Can't just turn them down if they asked. Got it. Hooh. In that case, the three of us will have to take it easy at maximum intensity!
Yuuji: Two sets should be plenty, Sachi. I'm not going to partake.
Michiru: Whaaat!? Argh, what're you saying all of a sudden? Two? It'd obviously be better to have plenty of spares, right? I request four sets!
Sachi: Uhm, well then, how many should I prepare?
Michiru: Four sets! 
Yuuji: Two.
Sachi: ...Certainly. Two sets it shall be. 
Michiru: Aaah! You just decided things based on some kind of pecking order!
Sachi: There's an order of precedence in all things, Michiru-sama. However, I'll obtain four sets for safety's sake, provisioning only two initially. I hope that will be sufficient to assuage your fears?
Michiru: W-Well, true... going off what I said, I guess that'd work too...
Sachi: Yes. In that case, I'll go attend to my shopping at once. 
Yuuji: Seems like it's going to get a good bit quieter around here.
Michiru: W-Well, yeah. But hey, it's not like we'll be all alone in this big old dorm or anything! We've got Yumiko, after all!
Michiru: Hm, Yumiko... Yumiko, eh? Well, better than nothing, I guess...
Yumiko: Phew. There we are, all set for the trip.
Michiru: Bweh!
Narration: *With beautiful timing, Sakaki enters stage left with an enormous suitcase. An overseas vacation, perhaps? Michiru watches in utter shock, her mouth flapping in a manner strongly reminiscent of a stunned trout.*
Yuuji: Hoh, you're taking a vacation as well, Sakaki?
Yumiko: That's right, as of tomorrow. Hanging around here all year round gets rather stifling, don't you think? It's only two weeks, so I'll be back soon enough.
Michiru: Aga, agagaga.
Yumiko: Oh? What's the matter, Matsushima-san?
Michiru: No, no, nothing at all...
Yumiko: I'm departing tomorrow, so I'd better get to sleep early tonight...
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend.
Michiru: Yahes!
Yuuji: Seems like it's going to be just you and me for a while.
Michiru: Y-Yeah, I sup... Well, yeah, whatever! H-Hmph! Not that I want to be alone with you!
Michiru: In the first place, a teenage girl and boy alone under the same roof is just abnormal, right...?
Yuuji: In that case, should I leave as well?
Michiru: Huh?
Yuuji: If you're feeling anxious, I wouldn't hesitate to lodge at my workplace for a while. Don't want to make you uncomfortable.
Michiru: No, y-you don't have to do THAT, geez. It's fine. J-Just don't think I'll let you get away with any funny business!
Yuuji: Hrm. Two weeks isn't too long. If you find yourself unbearably anxious, I recommend simply holing up in your room until the others return. I'm sure you'll be able to handle a little solitary confinement.
Michiru: Arrrgh, I said it's fine! It's fine, so, just, uhm, shaddup already!

Date: *July 29, 2011, 04:58 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *As I'm setting out for my daily marathon the next morning, I discover a strange little scene. Michiru's skulking around the area in a blatantly suspicious fashion.*
Narration: *She scuttles around the courtyard, keeping low and hugging the wall like a cockroach, shooting cautious glances all around her. Even for her, this is fishy behavior.*
Narration: *In particular, the black cat riding on her head adds a distinctly surreal flavor... I'm sincerely glad the girl was born well past the witch-hunting era. I decide to observe in an effort to determine her objective.*
Kittymeow: Meeeow.
Michiru: Eek. Q-Quiet down, Kittymeow!
Kittymeow: Meoooow?
Michiru: I'm telling you this isn't the time!
Michiru: Sasasasa, sasasasa, sasasasasa!
Narration: *What's she even doing up at this hour? I did once observe her heading for the sea around this time, but I'm pretty sure she was looking for her cat.*
Narration: *And at the moment, the animal in question is firmly perched on top of her head.*
Narration: *In other words, there's something else going on here...*
Yuuji: Perhaps...
Narration: *This strange behavior might not be the usual Michiru. I don't mean that in a figurative sense; maybe the "other" Michiru's emerged.*
Michiru: Achyo, achyo, achyo!
Narration: *The exact nature of this little ceremony is unclear to me, but she's wandering around the area restlessly making freakish little noises. The girl's never exactly "normal," but this is particularly odd. Might it be the other one after all?*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend.
Michiru: Byoooooaaaaaah!
Narration: *Impressive vertical. Michiru jerks up into the air with a shriek of surprise, retreating a good meter in a single bound.*
Michiru: Kazami Yuuji! Why are you here!?
Yuuji: Right back at you, Matsushima Michiru. What're you doing up at this hour?
Michiru: Well, Kazami Yuuji, y'know, I-I, uhm, I wanted to feel the wind in my hair. So I came. Out here. Yeah.
Yuuji: There's no wind today.
Michiru: Mheheh. Just kidding. Okay then, I've got cram school, so bye.
Yuuji: Hoh, cram school at five in the morning? Very zealous. What's the name of this early-bird educational facility, if I might ask?
Michiru: The Five AM Seminar. You can call it Ayemsem for short. Or maybe Fivinar!
Yuuji: So that's a lie, right?
Michiru: That's a lie.
Yuuji: Then what's really going on here?
Michiru: N-Nothing at all! It really is nothing at all, so, uhm, please have mercy! Pleeeease leave!
Narration: *Well, this certainly isn't the normal Michiru, but it doesn't feel much like the other one either. Don't tell me this is the arrival of Michiru-3?*
Michiru: I beg of you, Kazami-san, take your leave of here at once! It's dangerous! You must make haste!
Yuuji: Try telling me what's so dangerous. If I'm convinced, I'll do as you say.
Michiru: Uhhhm, well, if an earthquake hit, it'd shake... Yeah, it'd shake like crazy! I mean, if we get an 8 on the Richter scale or something, it'll shake your socks off! 
Yuuji: That applies equally anywhere. Anything else?
Michiru: Also, uhm, if a fire starts, it'd burn! All the old guys would get all fired up! Fired-up old guys as far as the eye can see!!
Narration: *We're getting nowhere. Think it's time to explore alternate strategies. Let's try going straight to the point.*
Yuuji: Tell me why you're really out here. And who you are.
Michiru: Uh, I'm me, of course. What are you even talking about? Geez, anyway, look... uhm, aaarrrgh! Ptoo ptoo ptoo!
Narration: *Good lord, she's started spewing saliva in my general direction. Is this really the way young women act these days?*
Michiru: Ptoo ptoo ptoo ptoo. C'mon, you too Kittymeow!
Kittymeow: Meeeow.
Yuuji: Cease this disgraceful waste of bodily fluids immediately, maggot. Even if the God of Hydration forgives you, I never will.
Michiru: Arggggh, but I really want you gonnnneeee! Ah, uhm... aaaaaaaa, uuuuuuu...
Narration: *Her strong front quickly crumbles into a cramped, desperate grimace. The girl looks about ready to burst into tears. I suppose withdrawing would be the gentlemanly thing to do at this point. Or even slightly before it, honestly.*
Yuuji: All right, understood. In that case, I'll be―
Michiru: Don't care, just go! No pleasantries no life!
Yuuji: Uh, right. All right then, see you later.
Michiru: I said no pleasantries! Idioooot!
Narration: *But in the end, that behavior was simply too unnatural to ignore. I temporarily return as far as the courtyard, but soon double back to observe Michiru from a distance.*
Narration: *Beginning from a prostrate position, I advance with the standard JSDF low crawl to the vicinity of my target. As if choosing a sniping point, I move to a location that affords good visibility of the scene while providing me with optical cover.*
Yuuji: All right, this should do nicely.
Narration: *My view of the scene is unobstructed, and I have a clear escape route secured. An ideal observation spot.*
Michiru: Uuuuu, uuuu... geez... always popping out at the worst possible times, I swear...
Narration: *Even as she wanders around complaining about me, Michiru's petting the cat on top of her head. An abnormally dexterous woman, if nothing else.*
Sachi: Thank you for your patience, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Eeeeeeeeeeek!
Narration: *This pattern is interrupted by the unexpected arrival of Sachi. Does she have some knowledge of Michiru's secret purpose?*
Michiru: Shh! Not so loud.
Sachi: I-I do apologize. Well then, I'll speak more quietly. Regarding the item in question...
Michiru: Nyonyonyonyo! About that, uh, wait just a sec, I need to take some deep breaths...
Narration: *Hrm. "The item?" Seems to be a bartering session of some kind. I've heard that dedicated smugglers are a common phenomenon in prison... Does the same system exist in this school?*
Michiru: Aaaaaahnyonynyo, ahnyo, ahnyo.
Sachi: Please calm yourself, Michiru-sama. Are you all right?
Michiru: Hoo haa hoo haa. I'm f-f-fuh, f-fine. Balls swell! Huh? Balls swell! Huh? Balls swell! Huh?
Sachi: Please calm yourself. You meant "all's well," I believe? At the moment, you sound rather like a pink-collar worker relieving sexual frustration through firing off obscene words in rapid succession, in the manner of Kyoko's blog.
Michiru: W-W-W-Who the heck is Kyoko?
Sachi: I do apologize. I only happened upon the site in Sakaki-san's bookmarks, so I can't comment on Kyoko's identity...
Michiru: O-Oh. Ahem. Okay, well, uhm... Sorry for making you show up so early!
Sachi: Please don't concern yourself. Fortunately, I was able to prepare the goods you requested.
Michiru: O-Oh, that a fact? Well then, uhm... ahem.
Narration: *Shocking. To think I'd catch my own classmates red-handed... For the sake of their futures, it would be best to stop this now.*
Yuuji: Nice try, punks! An unregistered gun deal on my beat? You got some nerve! Hands behind your head and kneel!
Sachi: Y-Yes!
Michiru: Eeeeeeeeeeee!!
Narration: *Sachi falls to her knees on the dirt as instructed. I walk up behind and wedge her thighs apart with my foot.*
Yuuji: All right, no funny business. Spread those legs!
Sachi: Yes, I'm spreading them...
Michiru: H-Hold on! Why are you here!? Didn't you leave!?
Yuuji: Silence. You're ten years too young to be dabbling in black-market weapon sales, you rank amateur! Hurry up and kiss the dirt!
Michiru: Who's doing what in the black market!? Of course we're not selling weapons! 
Yuuji: Hm? But Sachi's obediently following my instructions, isn't she?
Michiru: Uhm, doesn't she always?
Yuuji: ...Now that you mention it, so she does. But if guns aren't involved, that would leave... a drug deal? All right. A methamphetamine test seems warranted.
Yuuji: Stay where you are while we wait for the kits! Prepare for a urine test!
Sachi: Y-Yes!
Michiru: Don't agree to that! The answer is "none of the above!" We're not doing anything wrong!
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Is what she says true, Sachi?
Sachi: Y-Yes. Michiru-sama and I were not conducting illegal business of any sort.
Yuuji: I see. Sorry about that. You can raise your head now.
Sachi: Y-Yes...
Sachi: I was asked by Michiru-sama to purchase a certain magazine. What's more, the delivery was to be at exactly five AM, on this very spot.
Michiru: Aaaaaaah! You don't have to tell him that, okay?
Yuuji: Buying a magazine? Surely you can handle that much on your own, Michiru.
Michiru: No, well, yeah, that's true, but, uhm...
Sachi: It seems she found it too awkward to purchase herself.
Yuuji: Awkward? What's awkward about it? Explain.
Sachi: Here we are, the item she requested.
Michiru: Sachi, st... haaa!
Narration: *I take the magazine from Sachi. The cover is a nauseatingly sparkly abomination featuring the prominent headline "Beloved Beret Beautification! An Outfit Straight from the Marvelous Military!"*
Yuuji: What is this thing? Okay, forget the rest for now. First things first, I need to annihilate this company.
Sachi: Oh, you're going to destroy it? With your bare hands?
Yuuji: That sounds about right. Bare-knuckled justice. All right, Sachi, let's go! We're going to bring down that company with our fists!
Sachi: Yes! With our fists! 
Michiru: H-Hold on! Where do you think you're going? It's five in the friggin' morning! 
Yuuji: Hm? Ah, true. A lapse in judgment on my part. Well then, what's this rag supposed to be?
Sachi: Michiru-sama asked my opinion on "what sort of clothes Yuuji would enjoy seeing a girl wear."
Sachi: I thought the matter over from many angles. My conclusion: as you value practicality over design in apparel, Kazami-san, the military style is doubtless to your liking.
Michiru: Wha-!? Sachi! Aga, agaga, not one more w―
Sachi: As we were aware that a magazine along those lines existed, I was sent to purchase it. And in an attempt at secrecy, we decided on this early-morning delivery.
Michiru: Aah... aaaaah... y-yeah.
Sachi: But since Kazami-san himself has stopped by, I suppose the magazine itself is no longer necessary. We might as well ask directly and settle the matter for good.
Michiru: ...Yeah.
Sachi: Kazami-san, do you have preferences regarding female clothing?
Yuuji: Not particularly.
Sachi: I see. Michiru-sama, apparently he has no particular preferences. How very nice that you've found your answer.
Michiru: ...Yeah. Great. Thanks. So much.
Sachi: Well then, I have preparations for my trip that need attending to, so please excuse me.
Michiru: ......
Narration: *Her face bright red, Michiru bites her lower lip and quivers visibly. I don't quite understand the situation, but she also seems to be perspiring heavily. A stomach ache, perhaps?*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend.
Michiru: ...W-What is it? Oh, and before you ask, my stomach's just fine...
Yuuji: That a fact?
Michiru: Yeah...
Narration: *―Utter silence. Michiru refuses to even make eye contact.*
Yuuji: Michiru, let me ask you something.
Michiru: ...W-What now...?
Yuuji: What exactly... is a "Beloved Beret?"
Michiru: S-Shaddup already! How the heck am I supposed to know!? It's not like I was l-looking at the magazine for your sake, or as a r-reference, or anything! 
Michiru: That's totally not it! For real, got it!? Ptoo ptoo ptoo! Gwaa, ptoo!
Yuuji: The Marvelous Military, is it...
Narration: *I pick up the abandoned magazine and jot down the address of a certain rotten publisher with insufficient respect for the gravity of military affairs.*

Narration: *A few hours thereafter, everyone who's leaving for summer vacation gathers in the courtyard outside the dorm.*
Amane: Okay then Yuuji, I'll leave the rest to you.
Makina: We'll bring ya lots of souvenirs, Onii-chan!
Michiru: I'm good with any kind of yatsuhashi... as long as it isn't cinnamon!
Makina: Yeah, yeah. Yer so friggin' noisy, bottle-blond.
Amane: Hey, Makina, we're about to leave. Don't go starting a fight now.
Makina: It's not my fault! This girl keeps harpin' over an' over about the friggin' cinnamon!
Michiru: C'mon, I'm not harping! W-Was it really that annoying? 
Makina: Well, whatever, no biggie. All right then, we're gonna get goin' while the goin's good!
Yuuji: Watch your back out there.
Amane: I know it'll be lonely, but do try to be brave. *Smack!*
Narration: *After throwing a kiss, the girl saunters off. Makina follows in her wake, the remora to Amane's shark.*
Sachi: Well then, I'm about ready to take my leave as well. Did that magazine prove useful?
Michiru: Waaaaaah! Yeah, super helpful! Sure! So yeah, it's all good! Hurry up and enjoy your trip!
Sachi: Hurry up? I see. Michiru-sama, if cleaning your room proves troublesome, please feel free to contact me.
Sachi: I Komine Sachi shall immediately rush back on a temporary basis to beautify your room then return once more to resume my vacation.
Michiru: Too hurried!
Michiru: You don't need to do that, okay!? Take it easy! Easy!
Sachi: Yes, certainly. I'll be on my way now. Naturally, I will return bearing gifts. 
Yuuji: Not to worry, Sakaki. I don't need any souvenirs.
Yumiko: Excuse me? Don't be rude. Even I have the common sense to purchase a few knick-knacks.
Michiru: Uh, what kind of souvenirs would you get, Yumiko?
Yumiko: What do you mean, "what kind?" Perfectly normal ones. A glow-in-the-dark skeleton key-chain or something of the sort.
Yuuji: Hrm. Sounds pretty normal.
Yumiko: I told you so. No need to worry, I'll bring you back a nice tapestry. Well then...
Yuuji: Michiru... your room was pretty dreary, come to think of it.
Michiru: That's so not true! Don't go trying to decorate my room with a "tapestry." Probably just one of those weird triangular flag-things they sell in tourist traps! 
Yumiko: Weird?
Michiru: No, uh, weirdly stylish! I'd love one! H-Heck, five would be great...
Yumiko: ...Six for Matsushima-san... All right. Well then, goodbye.
Yuuji: Good for you. Sakaki's got a kind side, doesn't she? Seems like she's going to buy you one more than requested.
Michiru: Uugh, I really shouldn't have just blurted out the first thing that came to mind...
Yuuji: All right, might as well head back to the dorm. We'll be alone for a while, but there's no reason that has to disrupt our normal rout... Hm?
Narration: *When I turn my gaze on Michiru, I discover that her cheeks have flushed an alarming shade of red. Running a temperature, perhaps?*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Again with the sudden fevers? You should really consider seeing a doctor...
Michiru: N-No. I-I'm fine. Yeah, you're right. Business as usual! Buh, B-Best regards!
Yuuji: Fine? Really? You're acting pretty strangely, considering.
Michiru: I'm not strange! Okay then, I'll be heading back to my room now! B-B-B-Bye!
Kittymeow: Meowww.
Narration: *With those words, Michiru clomped off into the dorm in a repeat of her "imitation goose-stepping" march. At the time, I thought it a fairly casual conversation, but that was a misjudgement on my part.*
Narration: *Michiru spent the rest of the day holed up in her room. That wasn't too alarming, but the exact same thing happened the next day. Struck me as odd; still, I figured the girl had her reasons.*
Narration: *In the end, Michiru didn't even show her face until a little after noon on the third day.*
Narration: *August 1, 12:38 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: ......
Narration: *I'm lounging around reading a Young Adult novel by the name of "Bun-Bun Donquino" when I spot Michiru out of the corner of my eye. She's hovering awkwardly at the edge of the lobby.*
Michiru: s...Uh... uhm... uhm.
Narration: *Her voice's too quiet for an attempt at getting my attention. Perhaps I should just ignore her?*
Michiru: sEhrm, eerhm... Hauu... wha, why... gah.
Narration: *Then again, she's finally left her room for the first time in days, so I suppose basic social etiquette would dictate approaching her on my own initiative.*
Yuuji: What's wrong, Michiru? Need something?
Michiru: Noooooooooowaaah!!
Narration: *My greeting was somewhat abrupt, but Michiru responds with an instant shriek of rejection. Pretty impressive reflexives.*
Yuuji: I see. In that case, I'll return to my reading.
Michiru: Ah, no! That's not it... uhm... haaaa... puh.
Narration: *If she's got something to say, why not just spit it out? It's never easy with this girl.*
Michiru: Well, uhm... hau.
Kittymeow: Meeeow.
Narration: *After three full days shut up in her room, this is all she has to say? What's her deal, anyway? Not that I really care, so long as she doesn't interrupt my reading. I find the page where I left off and return to the world of fiction.*
Narration: *―But soon enough, I'm emphatically ejected from that pleasant refuge. Specifically, "she" slaps the book out of my hands. I could have dodged, but decided it best to allow the girl to do as she pleases.*
Michiru: Excuse me. What on earth are you thinking?
Yuuji: At the moment, I'm thinking about picking up the book that just fell to the floor.
Michiru: Oh, please. That's obviously not what I'm talking about. What was that attitude just now? Seriously. Are you an idiot? Or just completely full of yourself? Who died and made you emperor?
Michiru: Maybe you've discovered your inner penguin? Planning to wander off across the antarctic ice to find yourself a mate?
Yuuji: ―You finally show yourself. I'd really like to know who you are this time.
Michiru: How many times do I have to say this before you're satisfied? I'm me. Mind if I sit there?
Narration: *Michiru points next to where I'm sitting, then roughly drops down before I can say a word in response. Her "You don't like that? Then how about this, too?" attitude reminds me of a combined-forces assault.*
Michiru: In any case, Yuuji-kun... you really don't understand the female heart, do you?
Yuuji: Hrm. This sounds like it's going to be a lengthy discussion. Maybe I should make some coffee first?
Michiru: Not needed. I've got some news for you. The girl practiced in her room dozens of times so she could call out to you just now. And in the end she was too tense to say a word. Do you understand why?
Yuuji: Insufficient effort on her part, clearly. Guess she'd better practice more.
Michiru: Wrong. Totally wrong. Don't be ridiculous. She got unbelievably nervous, her heart started racing, and her mouth wouldn't move.
Yuuji: Why feel nervous at this point? We're hardly strangers, and we already cleared up the unpleasantness between us. Surely there's nothing to feel awkward about.
Michiru: Maybe that's how it is for you, but the same doesn't apply to her! This is exactly why I'm saying you don't have the first clue about the workings of the female heart.
Yuuji: I really don't think that's true.
Michiru: No matter how I put it, it seems you're incapable of understanding. Let's try getting right to the point instead. I'll give it to you in one shot, so listen very carefully, all right?
Yuuji: Fine. Spare me the attitude and just say it already.
Narration: *After a light snap of the fingers, Michiru earnestly rests a hand on top of my thigh.*
Michiru: I. Want you. To date this girl.
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Date, eh? You'll need to elaborate. I don't understand why I should go on a date with you.
Michiru: Listen to what I'm saying. Not me, this girl, you understand? Good. So, are you willing to ask her out?
Yuuji: Hold on a second. Why do I have to go on a date with Michiru? And even if I did have some obligation along those lines, I don't understand why it matters that I propose the idea.
Michiru: You don't? You really don't understand? Come on, seriously?
Narration: *An expression of genuine surprise on her face, Michiru peers into my eyes.*
Michiru: It's because this girl is embarrassed. And scared. She doesn't know how she'd face you if you refused her.
Yuuji: What, she's never been turned down before?
Michiru: More like she's never tried to date before. At the very least, not even once in the time I've been watching her. Therefore, you need to invite her.
Yuuji: I refuse.
Michiru: Huh!? W-Why!?
Narration: *In answer to Michiru's predictable response, I clear my throat and begin to explain.*
Yuuji: Why do you get to decide this?
Yuuji: If Michiru really wants me to date her, she can try saying so herself. Moving things along while she isn't here strikes me as meddling.
Michiru: ...Arrgh, after all this explaining you STILL don't get it? Your head really is made of rock!
Yuuji: You think? Personally, I think holding a conversation with something like you demonstrates a fair degree of mental flexibility...
Michiru: Oh, shut up. You really love the sound of your own voice, don't you? Yes, yes, I get the picture. Is that how it is? I see, I see!
Narration: *Michiru stands from her seat and flaps her hands around in an exaggerated gesture of exasperation.*
Michiru: You really are an utter pain in the neck!
Narration: *Not sure if you're one to be talking, little miss trouble. Keeping the thought to myself, I pick up the fallen paperback book and search for the page I'd left off on.*
Narration: *Previously, Michiru told me she found it frightening to have problems solved behind her back. I'm not about to start agreeing to secret plans for her "benefit."*
Narration: *Running my eyes along the printed lines, I return to enjoying the story. But after a little while, I once again feel the gaze of a certain someone on my face.*
Michiru: Staaaaare...
Kittymeow: ......
Michiru: U-U-U-Uhm, hey!
Narration: *Her voice clearly came out louder and higher in pitch than she expected. With a surprised little start, she takes it from the top.*
Michiru: Uwoh... oh. Uhm, hey.
Yuuji: What's wrong, the usual Michiru?
Michiru: T-The usual? T-That's right. I'm the usual Michiru. I-It's not like I'm nuh, n-nervous or anything!
Narration: *Not quite what I meant, but whatever.*
Michiru: Hey, so, you're free, right!? You've got time on your hands! Right?
Narration: *I flap the book in my hand in her general direction.*
Yuuji: I'm reading.
Michiru: Ah... no, that's not what I meant. C'mon! You have time, right? You're bored. You're reading because you're bored, right?
Yuuji: Not really. You do know I enjoy books, right? Even if I were to run out of reading material and find myself with nothing else to do, I'd be perfectly content rereading a book from the beginning.
Michiru: Kiiiiiiii... Okay, let me ask this another way. Are you crazy busy right now? Got soooo much on your plate? Unbelievably instant-kill busy?
Yuuji: I'm having a hard time imagining how one could become busy to the point of instant death, but either way, I can't say my plate is particularly full at the moment.
Michiru: I know, right? Yeah, of course! I kinda thought you'd say that, yeah! Makes sense!
Michiru: As a matter of fact, I'm not busy myself. If anything, I'm actually bored. Isn't this amazing? For us two not-so-busy people to meet in this wide, wide world... It's a miracle, don't you think?
Yuuji: Sure, that's nice. All right, I'm going to get back to my book now.
Michiru: Hold on a second! That's not what I'm saying, okay? The point is, we happen to be alone in the dorm together, and we're miraculously non-busy, so― 
Michiru: Y'know, maybe we should try doing something different from usual, don't you think, maybe?
Yuuji: Not necessary. All right, I'm going to get back to my book now.
Michiru: Wha! Wait, hold on, look. I'm saying, uhm, you know, c'mon. Okay... No good. This is no good, huh... 
Kittymeow: Meowww.
Michiru: Fine. Uhm, I'm going to bed. I'm just... gonna go back to bed now.
Narration: *Michiru's so transparently desperate that I can't help feeling a little sympathy. I suppose it couldn't hurt to play along with the girl's games.*
Yuuji: Well, hold on. I think you know I do a regular training course every morning, but tomorrow I was thinking about doing a little running later on as well. What do you think? Want to come along on a little afternoon marathon?
Michiru: YesI'llgo.
Yuuji: A fearsomely rapid response.
Michiru: No, er, it's not like I want to go or anything! But... ooh, yeah, better check my schedule first. I might have plans or something!
Narration: *Michiru turns her back to me and begins rustling around furtively.*
Yuuji: What, you've got a day planner on you?
Michiru: S-Shaddup, you. Keep your eyes to yourself. I'm busy checking my schedule right now.
Yuuji: ...Mind if I take a look?
Michiru: Yes, I mind! Just wait for a while! I'm checking!
Narration: *Michiru pretends to tap buttons on a calculator. Apparently, this is her idea of what "checking a schedule" involves.*
Yuuji: Hrm.
Michiru: Hoo...
Yuuji: Well? Managed to adjust your schedule? Any conflicting appointments?
Michiru: Noooooope!
Yuuji: Hrm, I see. In that case, be in front of the school gate at one in the afternoon tomorrow. I'll take you along with me.
Michiru: Woo... Y-Yeah, okay, sure. Don't think I'll let you get away with being late! U-Uhm, not that I won't let you "get away," in like, a sappy sense, I meant, y'know, be on time or I'll make you pay, that's all! Don't get the wrong idea!
Yuuji: Fine, sure, whatever.
Michiru: W-Well then, since you're begging, I guess there's no helping it. I'll...
Yuuji: Michiru, I don't recall "begging" y...
Michiru: Shh! Shh! No need to say anything more, all right? That was close...
Yuuji: What was close?
Michiru: Just leave it. Okay? Guess there's no helping it, so I'll come tomorrow, okay. Bye now!!
Narration: *And so, it was agreed that Michiru would join in my training. I was planning a fairly long-distance course, though. Wonder if she'll be all right.*
Michiru: I did ittttt! A daaaaate!!
Narration: *―Also, I don't remember saying a word about a "date"...*

Date: *August 2, 2011, 04:51 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *The next day, I get out of bed at 4:45 AM as usual, and after some quick preparations head outside for my early morning jog.*
Narration: *But as I emerge into the lobby, I hear a strange clattering sound from Michiru's room upstairs. I haven't heard anything about the girl tossing and turning in her sleep... Wonder if something happened?*
Michiru: Owwie!
Yuuji: ...Well, guess it's nothing worth worrying about.
Narration: *At my normal time, I run my normal distance at my normal pace. Nothing out of the ordinary whatsoever. But such regularity is precisely the point of a routine course like this.*
Narration: *I head back to my room, take a light shower to rinse off my sweat, boil my beans, and have my breakfast. While masticating steadily away, I ponder a certain philosophical dilemma.*
Narration: *―Do beans have emotions?*
Narration: *Some claim that cacti can sense human feelings. What, then, of the bean? They don't scream when you boil them, but perhaps some among them know how to use their "bean." Plants might be aware of the world in their own unknowable way.*
Narration: *Under such a hypothesis, even vegetarians would be monstrous mass-murderers. Brandishing their cruel, shining knives, they gruesomely flay innocent carrots, chop their bodies into sections, and then consume them to the core.*
Narration: *Perhaps we should put a price on the head of those habitually cornflake-crunching "cereal" killers?*
Yuuji: Hm... come to think of it, my stocks are depleted.
Narration: *This is no time to be thinking up idiotic puns. Without Sachi and Amane around, I have no one to rely on for the procurement of my foodstuffs but myself. Suppose I'll take a quick break and then head to the supermarket.*
Narration: *Feeling the calm mid-morning sunlight on my skin, I'm almost tempted to set off for another run before my afternoon training.*
Narration: *But there's no point to excessive exercise, unless you're a masochist who finds pleasure in making your body scream.*
Narration: *Of course, the act of running can be pleasant in its own right. I myself sometimes head out for a jog merely to change my mood. It's just a matter of moderation.*
Narration: *I make my way back to the dorm, bags full of beans in both hands. I bought in bulk today. If I had slightly more goodness in my heart, I could probably get every small furry animal in a three-mile radius through the winter with these.*
Narration: *Then again, receiving a mountain of nuts outside my room in the spring from my grateful forest friends would be a serious nuisance.*
Narration: *I think I'll consume these beans on my own. With this much in stock, my basic needs should be met for some time.*
Yuuji: Hm...? What on earth is that?
Narration: *There's a woman acting strangely in front of our gate. She digs into the ground with her tiptoes for a moment, only to abruptly twirl around in a circle on the spot. Don't tell me that's... Michiru?*
Michiru: Mmm... mmm, mmmmm!
Narration: *What on earth is that girl doing? I sincerely doubt the outside world will prove nearly so tolerant of her peculiar taste in headwear as we have.*
Narration: *I did tell her to tag along on my afternoon training, but that's still a good three hours away. What's her objective here?*
Yuuji: Tell me, Michiru, what exactly are you doing out here?
Michiru: Hyaa!
Narration: *After this undignified shriek of surprise, Michiru stares at me with a blank, dumbstruck expression. From all appearances, she seems to be in a state of shock. Is there something wrong with the girl?*
Narration: *It's only clear now that I've approached her, but she has numerous bandages on her fingertips. Don't tell me that mangy cat bit her and passed on some strange disease? I did vaccinate the thing, but maybe it was too late...*
Yuuji: Hello? Do you recognize me? Pull yourself together.
Michiru: ...Ah. H-Hey... uhm, well... You wait long!?
Yuuji: ...Hm? Say what?
Michiru: L-L-Like I said, did I keep you waiting? S-Sorry about that, guess I took my time. Ahaha, hahaha.
Narration: *...An improbable theory pushes its way into my mind. Please don't tell me she's seriously come to our meeting place a full three hours early?*
Michiru: W-What's wrong? C'mon, why the weird look?
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, it's still a good three hours before the arranged time. When asked "Did you wait long?" I can only respond "No. In fact, I hadn't even begun."
Michiru: O-Oh, I see! That's good, then. Mehehe.
Narration: *Is this girl even hearing what I'm saying to her?*
Yuuji: Okay, Michiru, listen carefully. I'm just coming back from shopping at the supermarket by the station. And my training isn't for hours. I wasn't waiting for you, and I'm not going yet.
Michiru: ...Hm? Hm? What's that? Mean? Huh?
Yuuji: Can you seriously not understand this...?
Narration: *My supermarket bags still dangling from both hands, I stand there dumbfounded. The girl's completely off in her own little world...*
Michiru: Ah, what's that? Training... beans?
Narration: *Michiru peers into my plastic bags with a face full of confusion.*
Yuuji: Beans have nothing to do with training. Listen, I'm going to head back to my room to drop these off, so just... stay where you are for now. Guess there's no helping it; I'll bring my schedule forward somewhat.
Michiru: S-Sorry about that. Now it almost seems like I came early or something.
Yuuji: "Almost?" "Like?" Well, whatever. Incidentally, we'll be running on a road used by civilians, so remove the cat before we go.
Michiru: Hm? Cat?
Yuuji: Yes. The one on your cranium.
Michiru: My cranium? Aah! It's true! Come on, Kittymeow, get off! I've got a date!
Kittymeow: Meowww.
Michiru: Ehehehe. Ehehehe!
Yuuji: ...You're disturbing me, woman. All right then, standby for the moment. Understood?
Michiru: Yeah! Ehehehe.
Narration: *I honestly have no idea what the girl's thinking. I only said she could come along for my training, right? What part of that prompted that simpering grin?*
Narration: *In the first place, is she seriously planning to run in those clothes? Even a pair of sneakers would have earned partial credit, but no such luck...*
Narration: *Then again, hardly any point in complaining now. I'm the one who authorized her to accompany me. Suppose I have to roll with it.*
Michiru: Ehe, ehehehe.
Yuuji: ...The feline has reclaimed its perch.
Michiru: Huh!? No way! When did that happen!?
Yuuji: How do you not notice something like that? Are the nerves in your head not functional?
Michiru: C'mon, Kittymeow. It's just for today, okay? I'll play with you later, c'mon!
Kittymeow: Meowww.
Michiru: Phew... that was close.
Narration: *I have no idea what was "close" to what. Strange woman. Why place a cat on your cranium? Perhaps she's aware that US Marines used to tie ropes around their heads to enable allies high in the rigging to distinguish friend from foe?*
Yuuji: You can just wear a hat with a four-leaf emblem on the top, Michiru. That insignia's something like an iconized version of the rope they used in the old days.
Michiru: Huh? Y-Yeah! I'll do that. Eheh, I think he said a hat would look good on me...? Ehehe.
Narration: *I don't think I said anything of the sort, actually.*
Yuuji: Have to say though, your clothes today leave a different impression than usual.
Michiru: Wuh!?! Ah, no. R-Really? C-Can you tell?
Yuuji: Yeah. Get the feeling you put in some real effort.
Michiru: I-I didn't put in any effort! These are just my casual clothes. Totally normal. I mean, I found these clothes lying around in the mountains, actually!
Yuuji: That a fact? My impression was that you bought several outfits yesterday, and carefully chose this one from the many you tried out this morning. Was I mistaken?
Michiru: Uugh... w-what makes you think that?
Yuuji: You weren't in the dorm much yesterday, and you came back with bags from clothing stores in both hands. Also, I heard you clattering around first thing this morning...
Michiru: T-That's not true! Suh, Stooo-pid! O-Okay then, let's commence the da... day training! Allll riiight, here we gooo!
Yuuji: Hrm... you're a troublesome one, woman.
Michiru: Hey hey hoh!! Come on Yuuji, you too!
Yuuji: Hey. Hey. Hoh.
Michiru: Where's your energy? C'mon! Hey hey hohhh!!
Michiru: Heeey... ghey, ghey, hooooo...
Yuuji: What's the matter, Yosaku? I thought we were being energetic?
Michiru: W-Who're you calling Yosaku... nhaah, you, this, kbluh.
Yuuji: Something wrong?
Michiru: Ngyu, haah. W-Why do you keep running in the exact same place? First it was endlessly circling around the school, now it's just going back and forth...
Yuuji: It's easier to calculate your distance that way, right? And consistent road conditions are best for training purposes.
Michiru: Okay, maybe so, but... haa, haa... look, three hours with no break? C'mooon!
Yuuji: Hm? We took regular breaks, didn't we? Five minutes every hour. What's the problem?
Michiru: Short... ridiculously, brutally short... Heeeey, aren't you hungry? Let's give it a rest for now, okay?
Yuuji: Hrm. I suppose you have a point. It is around that time of day. A somewhat lengthy break might be in order.
Michiru: Hah! Yeah, yeah, let's do that! Break time, break time!
Narration: *Her face brightening, Michiru points toward the high spot she's so fond of.*
Michiru: Let's head over there! It should be a great spot for a picnic!
Yuuji: No picnic. We're going back to the dorm, eating there, and then resuming our training.
Michiru: Don't wanna don't wanna! Not that sort of a break. C'mon, let's go spread out a sheet over there and do some boxed-lunch training. Okay? Yeah?
Yuuji: Field training in the distribution of portable rations, eh? Well, I suppose it can't hurt.
Michiru: I know, right? Great! Okay then, let's go! <Let's radon!>
Yuuji: And now she's energetic all of a sudden...
Michiru: Eheh. Ehehe.
Michiru: Uhm, where's the sheet...
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend.
Michiru: Heh? W-What now?
Yuuji: Well... your head...
Michiru: Hm? Dunno what you're talking about. Anyway, I'm going to put down the sheet now, okay?
Kittymeow: Meowww.
Narration: *Michiru retrieves a woven wooden basket from somewhere or other, thrusts her hand inside, and withdraws a plastic picnic sheet.*
Michiru: Okay then, I'll get this spread out right away!
Michiru: ...Mm, hiyah!
Narration: *As she expands the sheet, it twists violently in mid-air and falls to the ground in a tangled lump.*
Michiru: ...Hm? One more time!
Narration: *She tries again, but the exact same powerful jerk naturally produces the exact same results. Impressive, in a way. Such utter ineptitude at something as basic as spreading out a sheet must be fairly rare.*
Yuuji: Give it here. I'll do it.
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Yuuji: Like so, and... so.
Michiru: Amazing! Yuuji, are you actually a plastic-sheet pro!? 
Yuuji: There's no such profession.
Michiru: Huh? C'mon, what about those guys in the city with the sheets and cardboard boxes and...
Yuuji: Stop. Please, say no more... I understand. Yes, those people are pros. I'm an amateur.
Michiru: Uu? Uh, okay. All right then, let's take us a seat, why don't we!
Narration: *Cheerfully taking off her shoes, Michiru sits down on the soft plastic sheet. When I remove my sneakers and follow, she places our shoes on the four corners of the sheet.*
Michiru: When you do this, it can't flip over, see?
Yuuji: True enough. Clever.
Michiru: Eheheh... Well then, I think it's about time to bring out the lunch. Okay, Yuuji-kun, what do you think we have here? 
Yuuji: Sandwiches, I imagine.
Michiru: Guh. W-Why? What makes you think that?
Yuuji: You normally don't make your own food, so it seems unlikely that you cooked rice and prepared side dishes. A sandwich just involves cutting bread and stuffing in ingredients, so it strikes me as the more plausible possibility.
Michiru: Uuu...
Yuuji: Also, those band-aids on your fingers. I initially thought you might have gotten scratched by the cat, but now I'm thinking you nicked yourself with a kitchen knife. So anyway, what did you make?
Michiru: ...Sandwiches.
Yuuji: I see. Well, get on with it. All this talking made me hungry.
Michiru: R-Really!? Okay then, better eat it all up!
Narration: *The girl places her offering on the sheet. It's an entire loaf of plain bread, its interior gouged out and stuffed with salad. I'd fully expected her cooking to be incompetent, but I never anticipated such a "novel" technique...*
Yuuji: I don't think you can call this a "sandwich," actually.
Michiru: Eheh. Yeah. Since you exercise a lot, I thought a bread-cave might be better than a normal sandwich, you know? Boys like their food big and filling, right?
Yuuji: I'm not going to eat this thing.
Michiru: Whaaaaat!? Why? Why not? Isn't that cruel? I worked so hard to make this! 
Yuuji: Not relevant. I don't like your disrespectful treatment of valuable provisions. Well... I suppose there's no helping it today, but expect severe punishment the next time you pull a stunt like this.
Michiru: S-Severe punishment? Like what?
Yuuji: A slap to the face.
Michiru: Not that! Anything but that! Okay then, I'll be careful next time... nhehehe.
Yuuji: Hm? Why're you laughing?
Michiru: I mean, you said "next time." That means we'll have another picnic lunch like this sometime, right?
Yuuji: ―That's not what I meant. I'm just telling you to treat food with respect.
Michiru: Hehe. Sure, sure, it's all good. Go ahead and eat, okay?
Narration: *My admonition seems to have been brushed off. I grab Michiru by her twintails, pull her face to extreme close range, and repeat myself.*
Michiru: Owah!
Yuuji: Hold it. It's not "all good." Listen carefully. Treat. Food. With. Respect.
Michiru: Eee, y-yes!
Yuuji: All right. Glad to see you've got the message.
Michiru: What the heck was that? So scary... Don't have to act like that on our first date...
Yuuji: Quit your whining. Well then, I'll have some.
Kittymeow: Ngrwooow.
Michiru: Huh... that was a weird grunt.
Narration: *Michiru's cooking looked beyond terrible, but the taste isn't bad. Not to say that it's particularly good either, but the gap with its appearance works in her favor. Or perhaps I was simply hungry.*
Narration: *As I cram the huge lump of bread into my mouth, Michiru watches with a bright smile on her face.*
Michiru: Was it tasty?
Yuuji: Suppose so. "Exceeds expectations," let's say. Either way, you worked hard on that, right? It'd be bad manners to turn up my nose.
Michiru: Worked hard? Did I say that?
Yuuji: Yes, you did. Anything to drink?
Michiru: I thought you might ask that question! And so, I prepared this Poupou tea!
Yuuji: Never heard of it...
Michiru: No way! You don't know about this stuff? Y'know, that "Let's trink! Poupou tea!" commercial?
Yuuji: Like I said, no. Don't really care. Hurry up and give it here.
Michiru: Seriously? But "trink!" was such a hip new phrase... like, y'know, "wow, I wonder what trinking is?" Here you go, tea.
Narration: *Michiru passes me this mystery beverage in a thermos. The taste is that of perfectly normal blended tea.*
Yuuji: Hrm.
Michiru: The wind feels nice up here, doesn't it? Every time.
Yuuji: True enough. I think I sort of understand why this cat likes it so much.
Michiru: Cat? Aaah, Kittym... I mean, that cat. This cat.
Kittymeow: Meowww.
Narration: *Relaxing outside like this, Michiru certainly doesn't seem like a "problem" child. She looks like a normal girl you'd find anywhere.*
Michiru: Oh? What are you looking at?
Yuuji: Nothing. All right, guess we should get going back to the dorm.
Michiru: Whaaat...? Uh, right. Hey, want to, y'know, do this... again, maybe? Not that I really want to, but, you know, we're both free, right?
Yuuji: I'm not free.
Michiru: Aah, no, not free, I mean... you're not busy, right? So we could do this again, maybe, yeah? No big deal, right?
Narration: *Michiru's completely forgotten her tsundere attitude in her desperation. She really is a normal girl, isn't she? Right down to the comical array of bandages on her fingers.*
Yuuji: Do you really want to date me that badly?
Michiru: !!
Michiru: That's not... ah... d...
Michiru: Aah, ahem! Y-You've got it all wrong! This is just a game to kill time, you know? This isn't a date, it's a make-believe date! A pretend-date!
Michiru: Since it's pretend, we can do it as much as we want, right!?
Yuuji: Hrm. Pretend, eh?
Michiru: Yeah! Pretend, it's all pretend. 
Yuuji: All right. Since it's a game, I don't see any problem with that. You went out of your way to buy yourself cute clothes, so it would be wasteful to only use them once. I suppose we can play again.
Michiru: Whaaaaat!? R-Really?
Yuuji: Yeah. It's just a play-date, right? Combat drills, not actual battle.
Michiru: Right, right. It's practice so we're prepared for the real battle! Yeah! Okay then, sounds good. Let's do this again, the dating... game, yeah! Hehe.
Yuuji: For the time being, we're going to run another five kilometers or so today. How about twenty km for the next date?
Michiru: ...Aah. Yeah. Right, figures...
Yuuji: You have a complaint?
Michiru: No! That's, uh, fine by me. Yeah.
Narration: *After putting away the plastic sheet, we set off for a little light post-prandial exercise.*
Yuuji: Well, think you can keep up? You can always head back to the dorm first, if you want.
Michiru: ...I'll come with you.
Yuuji: I see. What's the watchword, then?
Michiru: Hey hey hoh!
Narration: *Michiru's grinning as she jogs toward me. Somehow, there's a slight smile of amusement on my face as well.*
Narration: *The wind is unceasingly pleasant, the sea below us infinitely wide.*

Date: *August 3, 2011, 04:52 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *When I leave my room the next morning for my daily marathon, I find Michiru standing in the lobby with a beaming smile on her face. Surely this can't be what it looks like? But it's probably best to ask for safety's sake.*
Yuuji: What are you doing out here at this hour, woman?
Michiru: Huh? W-What, did you forget? We're going on a pretend d-date, right? You promised.
Narration: *No, I didn't forget. It was impulsive of me, but I did indeed promise the girl more pretend-dates. That said, it's currently five in the morning. Does she seriously expect me to play house at this hour?*
Yuuji: Yes, I agreed to that, but I have my own life as well. Running in the morning is my daily routine. You're aware of that, aren't you?
Michiru: O-Of course I am.
Yuuji: And what time is it right now?
Michiru: Five o'clock. In the morning.
Yuuji: So? What do you want from me?
Michiru: Shall we go on a pretend-date?
Yuuji: No, I think not. As I may have mentioned, I'm going for a run right now.
Michiru: Whaaaat!? But you promised yesterday! Liar, liar!
Narration: *Michiru's face crumples with disappointment. The girl looks about ready to burst into tears, but for the moment she focuses on swinging her arms wildly in my general direction.*
Narration: *Her movements are clumsy in the extreme, but also unpredictable. Every once in a while, an amateur's haphazard swing can become a KO punch to the chin out of sheer random chance. I take a careful step backward and attempt to negotiate.*
Yuuji: Don't jump to conclusions. Yes, I promised. I'm just saying that the crack of dawn isn't a reasonable time for a play-date.
Michiru: Whaaaat...? Then when CAN we gooo?
Yuuji: Let's see. A little past noon, just like yesterday? Seems more appropriate.
Michiru: Okay, one in the afternoon it is! But you'd better be there! Don't even think about running off somewhere!!
Yuuji: I won't run or hide. In the mean time, why don't you come up with some place for us to go?
Michiru: Huh!?
Michiru: I can decide? Me? In other words, you want me to make the date... pretend-date plan?
Yuuji: That's right. You have any problem with that?
Michiru: Well, c'mon, in a typical boy-girl couple, doesn't the guy think up the dates? The woman says what she wants, and the man makes it happen.
Yuuji: Hm? What, so we're not just doing the play-dates, we're pretending to be lovers?
Michiru: Well, pretty much, yeah. I mean, that's sort of what dating is in the first place, right? Uh, right? I'm not wrong, am I?
Yuuji: Hrm... well, I understand what you're trying to say. In that case, I'll retain decision-making power.
Yuuji: How does this sound as a plan for today's date? After a light round of jump squats, we proceed to the death-defying one-rope bridge. Then, after removing any watches or other metal objects on your person...
Michiru: Hold on! Actually, that's okay, I'll decide. Leave it to me, please! 
Yuuji: Why? The blueprint was just starting to come together...
Michiru: No, that's okay. I mean, it'll be fine this way. I'll pull this off perfectly, okay?
Yuuji: ...All right then, let's go with that.
Michiru: Right. Okay, see you soon! 
Narration: *Michiru waves goodbye with a big smile on her face. Something seems to be missing from this picture. May as well ask for clarity's sake, I suppose.*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend.
Michiru: Yeees?
Yuuji: Weren't you supposed to be a tsundere?
Michiru: *Gasp!* D-Don't be ridiculous, of course I am! Go run all you want, jerk! Why don't you fall into the sea while you're at it!?
Narration: *Okay, I think randomly wishing horrible deaths on your acquaintances is less "tsundere" and more "twisted."*
Yuuji: Indeed, perhaps I should just fall into the sea. But if I do happen to plunge to a watery grave this morning, I imagine you'll come to deeply regret making such a thoughtless joke.
Yuuji: Every night, I'll appear in your dreams... standing at the foot of your bed, dripping wet, resentment burning in my eyes...
Yuuji: All right then, I'll be going now!
Michiru: Gyaaaa! Wait, that's heavy! It was just a little light-hearted abuse! This payback is way too heavy!
Yuuji: I imagine so. Let that be a lesson to you.
Michiru: Uugh, I'll see you later, okay!? Make sure you come back safely!
Yuuji: Oh look, you can say a proper goodbye after all. Should have been honest with yourself from the start.
Michiru: Shaddup! Get lost!
Narration: *And so, I was able to safely complete my routine. Daily training of this sort is meaningful precisely because you perform it without fail.*
Narration: *No matter how small your stride may be, what's important is to keep steadily putting one foot in front of the other.*
Narration: *Surprisingly, many people get it completely backward. When an amateur signs up for a sports gym, they frequently exercise for hours on the very first day without a thought for the consequences, doing more harm than good to their bodies.*
Narration: *A workout schedule needs to be approached systematically to ensure a steady daily amount of exercise suited to your physical capabilities. Otherwise, you'll quit after a week with nothing but aches and pains for your trouble.*
Narration: *When I return to the dorm, Michiru seems to be obediently standing by in her room in preparation for our afternoon outing.*
Narration: *I was worried about the possibility of a panting, saliva-spewing greeting in the manner of a dog impatiently awaiting its walk, but it seems things aren't quite that bad.*
Narration: *Even after taking my shower, there's still plenty of time before our 1:00 PM "date." I throw myself down on the bed to read one of the books Sakaki left me before her departure.*
Narration: *Today, I've got a first-person work of reportage written by a war photographer. Unlike fiction, the book captures a vivid slice of reality. Very interesting stuff.*
Narration: *There's even a few comic anecdotes, like the time he tried to exchange money inside a disputed region and got handed a stack of newspaper "bills" with a few real notes on the top and bottom.*
Narration: *Clever swindle. Takes advantage of the natural assumption someone's not going to cheat you so blatantly face to face. A simple but effective bit of misdirection, almost like a sleight-of-hand trick.*
Narration: *You're not going to see through something like that until you've cast aside your unconscious assumptions about what "couldn't possibly" be.*
Date: *August 3, 2011, 13:24 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *All of a sudden, I notice that 1:00 PM has come and gone. Bit of a surprise; I would've expected Michiru to come drag me away by now. Deciding I might as well wait for her to show up, I reach out for another book.*
Narration: *―But for some reason, I find myself unable to concentrate. The ticking of my clock seems strangely loud all of a sudden; I can't maintain my usual focus on the printed word.*
Yuuji: All right, suppose I might as well head over myself.
Narration: *Mumbling to no one in particular, I drop my book and head for Michiru's room.*
Yuuji: Michiru, you in there? It's about time, isn't it?
Narration: *I knock on the door and call out, but receive no response. There's always a possibility she had to leave on some pressing business, I suppose.*
Narration: *If so, she could have at least said something to me, but... well, that's her choice to make. The girl can do as she pleases.*
Kittymeow: Meowww.
Yuuji: Hm? You're... that same cat, aren't you?
Narration: *The black cat that's recently spent most of its time fused to Michiru's skull pushes the door open, poking its face outside. If this animal's here, it seems quite possible that Michiru's still in her room as well.*
Narration: *But she didn't respond to my voice at all... Some sort of trouble, maybe?*
Yuuji: Michiru, I'm coming in.
Narration: *When I reach out for the doorknob, the black cat pulls back in a panic. Seems the little beast still strongly dislikes me.*
Narration: *I enter the room slowly, keeping an eye out for booby-traps out of an abundance of caution. Inside, I find Michiru lying face-down on her bed, breathing in the soft and regular manner of a contented sleeper.*
Narration: *I was prepared for the possibility of something being seriously wrong, so I have to admit this is a bit of an anti-climax.*
Yuuji: Sleeping in, are we? And after all that squawking this morning... You're a carefree one.
Michiru: Zzz, zzz... mnyamnya...
Narration: *The cat hops onto the bed and licks Michiru's cheek repeatedly, but she doesn't even stir.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, the girl tagged along for a full fifteen kilometers of running yesterday. Hardly surprising she'd be exhausted.*
Narration: *It wasn't a particularly impressive distance by my standards, but for a typical female student, I suppose it was a praiseworthy effort.*
Narration: *...Well, calling this woman "typical" strikes me as somewhat problematic, but I'll save that debate for another day.*
Michiru: Mnyamnya... gonna go... out with Yuuji... an'... Kittymeow too... hehe...
Narration: *The cat and I look at each other and share the equivalent of a wry smile. Michiru's face appears to be resting on a fashion magazine; there's a picture of the outfit she wore yesterday circled in red permanent marker.*
Narration: *Even after all that exercise, I'm getting the feeling she was up late last night. In which case, it'd probably be more considerate to let her sleep instead of dragging her outside.*
Narration: *I give the cat a single pet on the head (causing it to flee immediately) and turn to leave.*
Yuuji: Get some rest. We'll cancel today's date.
Michiru: Hold it right theeeeeeere!
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Michiru: H-Hold on a second. Uhm, I'm awake. I wasn't sleeping. Not at all.
Yuuji: Just go back to sleep, all right? No reason to push yourself.
Michiru: I-I'm not pushing myself. I'm awake, totally awake!
Narration: *Michiru forces out the words while glaring weakly at me through half-open eyes. Her claim's rendered even less convincing when she rises to her feet and promptly staggers to the side, very nearly trampling her pet.*
Michiru: S-See? I'm sho awake. *Myaaawn*
Kittymeow: Meow!
Yuuji: ...Listen, just go back to bed. There's no reason to pointlessly exacerbate your exhaustion.
Michiru: Nnyah. 's not true. I'm not exhausted. Y'know, just a lil' short on sleep.
Yuuji: ...I see. How much did you get last night?
Michiru: Mmm, about... eight... minutes.
Yuuji: Eight minutes? That's not even a nap, woman. Get back in that bed and sleep long enough to secrete your growth hormones properly.
Michiru: Don't wanna, don't wanna sleep! I wanna go on the date!
Yuuji: ...Well, if you insist. Let's get going, then. Make your preparations in the next thirty seconds.
Michiru: Not possible.
Yuuji: Suppose not. You have five minutes, then. I'll wait outside.
Michiru: Yeah! ...*Gasp!*
Michiru: I don't know whether I'll bother to go, but I suppose I'll be there!
Narration: *Just how long will it take this girl to get a solid grasp on the "tsundere" concept, anyway...?*
Narration: *In old movies, they often represented the time wasted waiting for women with a pile of cigarette butts on the ground.*
Narration: *But these days, there's heightened social and legal pressure regarding both public smoking and littering, so that's become a pretty rare sight.*
Narration: *What, then, can take the place of that image as visual shorthand for "a man kept waiting by a woman?"*
Narration: *A red battery icon on the cell phone you've been using to browse the internet?*
Narration: *Not really feeling the atmosphere from that one. In the first place, it's so easy to send messages these days that waiting in vain might well be a less frequent phenomenon than before.*
Narration: *I'm still pondering these matters when Michiru appears, complete with cat-hat. It's been exactly five minutes since I left her room.*
Michiru: H-Here I am! Did you wait long?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Michiru: Hm? What's with the scowl? You have a problem?
Yuuji: Didn't anyone ever tell you to arrive five minutes early to your appointments?
Michiru: Guh! Don't be ridiculous! You only gave me five minutes to prepare, and I'm supposed to be five minutes early? What am I, a... uh... whatchamacallit!? 
Yuuji: Please define "whatchamacallit."
Michiru: You know, like, a mystery person who controls time or whatever... A mystery, uh... time... paradoxer?
Yuuji: Okay, let's get going already. I'll leave you behind.
Michiru: No! Wait for me, you got that!? 
Michiru: H-Huh? Don't leave me behind for real! C'mon, wait uuuup...
Michiru: So anyway, I came up with a date plan!
Yuuji: Good. Let's hear it.
Michiru: A one-day zero-night trip to the beautiful beaches of Mishima Cape, accompanied by the one and only Matsushima Michiru!
Narration: *Michiru delivers the line with all the triumphant flair of a strutting peacock.*
Yuuji: The beach? We just went a few weeks ago.
Michiru: No, that was no good. I'd really like to pretend it never happened. Did I tell you about this?
Michiru: I got covered in sand and couldn't escape... frozen solid as the captain of the Something-nyam Falcon... and on top of it all, this kid from the neighborhood... aaah, I can say no more! Point is, it was terrible.
Yuuji: I see. Have to say, though, it's a bit of a boring choice from my perspective.
Michiru: W-What are you saying? At least go with "anywhere's fun with you" or something! This is a date, remember!?
Yuuji: Pretend-date, I believe.
Michiru: Well, yeah, pretend-date.
Yuuji: That said, I suppose you have a point. Just the two of us playing on the beach might not be bad.
Michiru: Huh!? Y-You really think so? 
Yuuji: No. But we're pretending, so I said it anyway.
Michiru: ...Ah, I see. Is that so...
Narration: *And so, we set off walking for the nearest public beach. Not rushing along, not fleeing anxiously, a simple leisurely stroll. Not unpleasant in its own right.*
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: What's up?
Michiru: Oh, it's nothhhuuh, wanna hold hands?
Yuuji: Hands? I see. We are on a pseudo-date, so that seems appropriate.
Michiru: Yeah, it's a pseudo-date, after all!
Narration: *When I reach out, Michiru momentarily jerks her hand away, but soon tentatively surrenders to my grasp. She's got a decidedly small hand, with rather thin fingers. On closer examination, there seem to be small white flecks in her nails.*
Yuuji: Are you eating properly? Your fingernails don't seem to be getting adequate nutrients.
Michiru: I-I think I'm eating a lot better than you do, at least.
Yuuji: I'm not sure a diet consisting of cheap sweets and take-out lunches can really be described as healthy, my friend.
Michiru: S-Shaddup, you. Look, you don't have to go picking at the little stuff like that...
Yuuji: True enough. This is a "date," after all. All right then, I will now offer a more date-appropriate comment. You're wearing perfume, aren't you?
Michiru: Y-Yeah. You noticed? 
Yuuji: I smelled freesia and pink pepper at first. But now I'm getting heliotrope and... iris? With a hint of sandalwood and synthetic musk underneath.
Michiru: You can tell?
Yuuji: To some degree. Mostly intuition, though. Anyway, there's no need to wear perfume. You smell nice naturally.
Narration: *I take a lock of Michiru's hair in my free hand and gently stroke it. After a moment, I allow the strand of blond hair to fall through my fingertips. It whispers against my skin as it goes.*
Narration: *The cat watches me touch Michiru from its vantage point nearby, a supremely irritated look on its furry face.*
Michiru: Huh...? I d-don't smell nice. I mean, I color my hair and all... so I figured it must stink of the chemicals, and... uhm, well... do you... r-really think so?
Yuuji: No, not really.
Michiru: Guh?
Yuuji: It's a lie. Like I said, I'm just pretending here. How many times do I have to say this? Why do you keep taking it seriously?
Kittymeow: Meowww!
Michiru: W-Well, I'm doing it too. This is pretend, so I'm... I'm pretending too!
Yuuji: I understood the first time. No need to repeat yourself.
Michiru: Y'know... when you kissed me... at first, I was just really surprised. Like, "why would he do that," I guess? I thought and thought, but I couldn't figure it out. My head was going round in circles.
Michiru: Still, since I couldn't figure it out after all that time wondering "why," I decided I shouldn't worry about it anymore. Just forget it, right?
Michiru: But, y'know... even though I tried not to think about it, I just couldn't get you out of my mind any more.
Michiru: It was just one kiss, and I end up like this... Am I just... weird or something?
Michiru: T-That's all a lie, by the way.
Yuuji: Hrm. Maybe it's because you're not used to it? I doubt it matters that I'm the one that did it. Anybody would feel a little awkward over a sudden kiss, and without much experience I can see how it would weigh on your mind.
Michiru: Oh... So Yuuji, it doesn't mean anything to you? That we... k-kissed, and all.
Yuuji: That's right. Didn't mean a thing to me. It was just a moment of physical contact.
Michiru: Hmmm. Is that because you're experienced, Yuuji? You've kissed lots of girls before, so kissing me just the one time isn't really special or anything?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's the gist of it. No feelings attached.
Michiru: No kidding...? I see... That's kind of a letdown. Of course, I'm pretending right now, so that's a lie.
Yuuji: I was lying too, actually.
Michiru: Huh? That was a lie? Uhm, the part about how it didn't mean anything?
Yuuji: Hold on, are you seriously planning to do this for every little thing I say? This is a pretend-date, so don't take anything coming out of my mouth seriously.
Michiru: Yeah, it's pretend, but how much of that was a... Just this once, tell me the tr... Ugh. No... forget it. Never mind. Aah, I just don't get it...
Narration: *Michiru scratches vigorously at her head in confusion and dismay; the cat, surprised by her sudden violent motion, leaps nimbly away.*
Michiru: Well, it's all good. I mean, we're together now, right? We're holding hands and everything, right?
Narration: *Michiru strongly squeezes my hand as she speaks. The slightly sad look on her face belies her positive words. Seems my teasing has gone a little too far... Perhaps a conciliatory gesture is in order.*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend. As this is a date, I happen to have a present for you.
Michiru: Whaaaaat!? R-Really!? Wuh-Why!? Huh? Y-Yuuji?
Yuuji: Close your eyes and hold out your hand.
Michiru: O-Okay... 
Narration: *After a quick scan of the area, I pick up a rock of moderate size lying in the dirt nearby. I then return and gently place this in Michiru's open hand.*
Michiru: Hm? What's this? Kinda heavy. Also, uh, really... rough?
Yuuji: All right, you can open your eyes now.
Michiru: O-Okay... 
Narration: *Michiru slowly opens her eyes. In her palm rests a majestic lump of stone.*
Michiru: ...A... rock?
Yuuji: You've wanted that one for a while now, right? I picked it up for you.
Michiru: ...Y-Yay, I've wanted this one for... Kuh... H-Hey, is this because we're pretending? It's a pretend-date, so the present is a rock you picked up off the ground?
Yuuji: Right. It's a pretend-date, so you get a rock I picked up off the ground. Now, rejoice!
Michiru: Waaah, I'm sho happy, I'm sho happy, waaaaah...
Yuuji: I see! Moved to tears of joy, eh? Hah hah hah!
Narration: *Afterward, with comments such as "This is the hot color for fall" or "They collaborated with another designer on this one," I proceed to present Michiru with rock after rock.*
Narration: *And every time, Michiru answers "No way, I'm so happy!" or "Yay, what a nice surprise," then accepts my gifts with a great show of gladness.*
Narration: *I see, I see. Perhaps this "dating" thing is somewhat enjoyable after all. I offer rocks and receive joy in return; a strikingly surreal spectacle, if I do say so myself.*
Narration: *I doubt I'll soon forget the sight of Michiru's shark pouch bulging at the seams from its cargo of stone.*
Michiru: Uuu, the rocks are so heavyyy... I mean, some of these things are practically boulders...
Yuuji: Just throw them away when we're done. They're only rocks.
Michiru: Y-Yeah, of course!
Michiru: Here we are! The beaaach! Yaaay! Uugh, so heavy...
Narration: *Having stowed her bag and changed into her swimsuit, Michiru joins me at the beach. Seems like the girl rented a large air mattress while she was at it; she's dragging it behind her, apparently struggling with the weight.*
Narration: *It's a good distance from here to the beach house. Must have been relatively difficult carrying a float of that size all this way.*
Yuuji: Again with that swimsuit, huh...
Michiru: What's the big deal? It's fine! Anyway... dunno what's up, but it's crazy empty today, isn't it? Pretty unusual, since it's summer vacation and all.
Yuuji: This area isn't exactly flourishing, I guess. And when everyone thinks "The beach must be packed today," sometimes barely anyone actually shows up. Not uncommon, actually.
Michiru: Lucky us, right? Okay, I borrowed this thing and all, so let's float it out there and play! No distractions, an all-you-can-swim... huh? Yuuji, why are you wearing a school uniform?
Narration: *The swimsuit-clad bottle-blond peers at me with innocent confusion on her face. She honestly seems to have only just noticed. Strange woman.*
Yuuji: ...Listen, you didn't tell me we were going to the beach until after we left the dorm. When exactly was I supposed to procure myself a swimsuit?
Michiru: Ahh. Mmm, right. Makes sense. Guess we could head back to the beach house and borrow one? But going all the way over there again would be a serious pain...
Michiru: Hmm. Look, there's practically nobody else around here anyway... You're a guy, Yuuji, so naked's fine! Just go in naked!
Narration: *Just as Michiru says, even by the standards of this mostly empty beach we've found ourselves a particularly isolated spot. If nobody's going to notice anyway, going in naked might be a suitably carefree approach.*
Yuuji: True enough. All right, I'll do that.
Michiru: Huh? E-Errr, I was jo...
Michiru: Yuuji, uhm, it was just a... well...
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, I'm now naked.
Michiru: S-So you are...
Yuuji: Hm? Something wrong? Why're you looking away?
Michiru: Well, uhm... it's not like there's anything wrong, but, uh...
Yuuji: Hm? Something strange about my body?
Michiru: No, no. Nope. Not at all.
Yuuji: I see. Well, if you notice anything odd, feel free to let me know.
Michiru: Y-Yeah... 
Michiru: Aaaaah. This weird sound keeps ringing in my ears... A freaky fanfare...
Yuuji: Fanfare?
Michiru: No, no. P-Pay it no mind. That's right, it's my fault for thinking weird thoughts. I mean, we're all human beings, everybody...
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Michiru: ...Sorry, I changed my mind. Can you put on some underwear at least? Please? My brain's about to bluescreen.
Yuuji: Hrm, is that so? Very well then. Don't understand what you're getting all red in the face about, though. Weird girl...
Michiru: I'm not weird. I'm not... You're the weird one here...
Narration: *Her face still flushed, Michiru runs energetically toward the shining summer sea. I trot along behind her into a sheet of warm spray. She looks back over her shoulder...*
Michiru: Yuuji, catch me if you can! Teeheehee!
Narration: *...And delivers an appropriate play-date line.*
Yuuji: Hoo-ah!
Narration: *I break into an all-out dash and catch Michiru in less than a second. With a flying tackle.*
Michiru: Bugeeeh!
Michiru: Hey, what're you knocking me down for!? Isn't this supposed to be more of a "Haha, wait for meee" type of thing!?
Yuuji: My apologies. When told to catch someone, I feel it would be impolite not to make my best efforts to do so.
Michiru: Impolite to who!?
Narration: *Michiru's astute question returns me to my senses. Indeed, who exactly would I let down by allowing the girl to escape?*
Narration: *I'm constantly obeying instructions handed down to me. My own will has no relevance; I simply carry out the task assigned to me.*
Narration: *But today, I'm under no such obligation, and still I wag my tail on request... How pathetic. Seems I've been domesticated right down to my bones.*
Yuuji: You have a point. Hardly any reason to stay tense at a time like this.
Michiru: That's right. Take it easy, will you...? Okay, let's try that one more time. Try to catch m―
Yuuji: Hoo-ah!
Michiru: Nowaaah! Too fast! Aaand you're already tackling me!!
Yuuji: S-Sorry. Pure reflex...
Michiru: Geez, Yuuji, look at you... All worked up like a kid.
Yuuji: That's not really the issue, but whatever...
Narration: *After that, we enter the sea and spend some time splashing around in the water. With no particular objective in mind, we mess around in the waves and swim idly under the sun's warm gaze.*
Narration: *I think you could describe it as an afternoon well spent. Michiru has a cheerful smile on her face the whole time.*
Michiru: Haa, haa... Yuuji, you're... good at swimming too, huh...? Figures...
Yuuji: This is more like wading, really. Have to say, you seem pretty tired yourself.
Michiru: T-That's not true... I'm jus' a little low on sleep today. Whoo.
Yuuji: So you're insufficiently rested after all. Maybe a brief nap's in order?
Michiru: But there's nowhere to sleep... Ah, wait, maybe I'll try sleeping here for a little bit. Napping in the sea sounds kind of luxurious, right?
Yuuji: Hoh, there's a thought.
Narration: *Michiru carefully lies herself face-down on the plastic sea mattress. Apparently anxious about her bathing suit riding up, she sticks in a finger and tugs down on the cloth numerous times.*
Michiru: Oh geez, it's kinda wobbly after all. Feels like I'm gonna fall off...
Yuuji: Hrm. Don't you sleep on your back?
Michiru: Well, yeah, but lying face up without a blanket is kind of scary, don't you think? Feels like there's nothing there to protect you.
Michiru: No matter how hot it gets, I always sleep under a blanket. Just too defenseless otherwise. Nothing to defend you if an enemy shows up, you know?
Yuuji: Who's this "enemy" supposed to be? I sort of get what you're saying, but the logic's a little incoherent.
Michiru: Really? I kinda thought you'd understand, Yuuji... Ah, right. If I'm going to be lying like this, I should put on some sunscreen first...
Yuuji: All right, I'll put it on for you. We are pretend-dating, after all.
Michiru: Whaaaat? Hey, uh, are you serious?
Yuuji: Of course. You can't cover your entire body by yourself, now can you? I'll lend a hand. Isn't making people do this sort of thing for you the tsundere way?
Michiru: Y-Yeah... O-Okay then, take care of it! The lotion's inside Sameki...
Yuuji: Sameki...? Oh, that pouch.
Narration: *I retrieve the bottle of sunblock from Michiru's shark pouch. When I take off the cap and tilt it toward my hand, a thick white liquid emerges in globs.*
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: I have this thought every time, but the stuff looks just like semen, doesn't it?
Michiru: Y-You can keep that sort of thought to yourself, okay!? Quiet down and put... l-lather me with lotion...
Yuuji: Understood. Here goes.
Narration: *As promised, I begin to spread the lotion along the exposed portions of Michiru's body. Perhaps she finds the summer sun hot, as her skin's already growing sticky with sweat.*
Michiru: ...Hey. You said "every time," right? Does that mean you're putting sunscreen on girls all the time?
Yuuji: Not quite. When you're somewhere that gets really intense sunlight, this stuff is a necessity. In Japan it's usually nothing worth worrying about, but depending on the country, you can end up with debilitating or even fatal sunburns.
Michiru: T-That a fact? Hmmm. Ah!
Yuuji: What's wrong? That tickle?
Michiru: ...J-Just a little. I'm fine, for your information! Uh, hey, can I ask you one more question?
Yuuji: What?
Michiru: When you go swimming in the ocean with sunblock on, wouldn't it pollute the environment or something?
Yuuji: Hrm. Some people will probably tell you the stuff's helping to kill the world's coral reefs, but the cosmetics companies would probably say "typical use won't cause any adverse impacts."
Yuuji: There are various opinions depending on how you look at it. It's not a question that can be answered simply and decisively either way.
Michiru: ...You know everything, don't you, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Not true. The world's overflowing with things I don't know. For example, if you ordered me to hum a tune from the current number-one musician on the Japanese charts... I'd probably need some time.
Michiru: Hmmmm...
Narration: *I thoroughly and gently spread the sunblock across the back of Michiru's body. When I'm satisfied with my handiwork, I give her a light smack on the rear and speak.*
Yuuji: All right, other side. Flip over.
Michiru: Wha-? Over? Like, "over" over? You're joking, right?
Yuuji: Why so reluctant, woman? Do you want to turn into a Reversi stone? Having your front and back completely different colors would probably seem slightly unnatural.
Michiru: Well, no, I don't... but c'mon, the other side is a little...
Yuuji: Quit whining and flip over. Here we go.
Michiru: Wah! Hold on, this is, uh... kind of embarrassing, you know...
Yuuji: Don't squirm too much. You'll fall off.
Michiru: But, c'mon, I- wahwah, it's shaking!
Narration: *Trembling like a newborn fawn, Michiru reluctantly settles her body face-up on the mattress.*
Michiru: Wha, hold on... W-What do you think you're looking at? C-Cut it out!
Narration: *The girl tries her best to put up a tough front after the fact, but it's comically unconvincing. Her delivery is so strained and artificial you'd think she was reading the words off a script.*
Yuuji: We done squawking now? I'm ready to put this stuff on you, if that's all right.
Michiru: ...Y-Yeah.
Narration: *Michiru finally grows docile, apparently resigned to her fate. I take the bottle of sunblock in hand...*
Yuuji: Whoops.
Michiru: W-Wait a second, what're you... S-Stop that, please...
Yuuji: Sorry, wasn't on purpose. The bottle must have been clogged up at the entrance. It all came flying out at once.
Michiru: Y-Yeah, I know. But still.
Yuuji: ...Really does look like semen right now, doesn't it?
Michiru: Try to leave that unsaid!
Narration: *I wipe a gob of lotion from Michiru's bathing suit with the tips of my fingers, then begin to apply it to her lower body. The girl darts her eyes back and forth restlessly, looking at anything but me.*
Michiru: W-Why are you starting from the bottom?
Yuuji: Because it's closer to me. No other reason.
Michiru: Oh, is that so... Mm, mm.
Yuuji: What's wrong? Feeling anything?
Michiru: Bwah!? W-What are you saying!?
Yuuji: I wasn't implying anything strange. Just wondering if you're feeling the sunblock starting to work.
Michiru: Oh, is that all... Uh, how am I supposed to know that, anyway? It just feels slimy, you know?
Narration: *I lather the white liquid across her thighs, the back of her knees, and her ankles, thoroughly coating every inch of exposed skin. I can feel Michiru's light leg hair sticking flat against her skin as I rub the lotion in.*
Narration: *Apparently this bothers the girl somewhat, judging by the anxious little glances she's now sending in my direction.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Self-conscious about the hair?
Michiru: ...I mean, I dunno if I should be getting rid of my fuzzy leg hair or not, you know? They say shaving it off only makes it thicker and all.
Yuuji: I think we already talked about this... Anyway, when you shave, you're cropping off the light, thin part of the hair, leaving behind the fat roots at the surface of your skin.
Yuuji: That's what makes it look "thicker" for a while. It's not like you're really getting any hairier.
Michiru: Is that true? Really? Okay, I'll shave them from now on. Uh... or maybe it would be better not to?
Yuuji: Don't ask me, woman. Do what you want. A little fuzz on your legs is hardly anything worth worrying about either way. All right, time for the upper body.
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Narration: *I resume my systematic lotion-smearing campaign, tracing my hands from Michiru's shoulders down to her upper arms, through the elbow all the way to her finger tips. With every stroke, she wiggles her body and lets out little sighs.*
Michiru: Nnn... haau... mmm.
Yuuji: What's wrong? Feeling anything?
Michiru: Fwha? What, the effect of the sunblock?
Yuuji: No, I was referring to sexual pleasure.
Michiru: Guh!! D-Don't be ridiculous! Just get the stupid lotion on already, why don't you...
Yuuji: Oh? You seem rather sensitive around here, though.
Michiru: Hyafu!
Narration: *I rub a little lotion along Michiru's breastbone, prompting her to duck her head like a turtle retreating into its shell. Her eyes have grown visibly moist.*
Yuuji: You're ticklish, aren't you?
Michiru: ...Yeah. Well, I mean... I haven't really had anyone touch me this much before...
Yuuji: That a fact? How're your ears?
Michiru: Uuu, cut it out already... Why do you keep saying stuff like that? You're a bully...
Yuuji: Come now, this is a sunburn-prevention measure. Would you really enjoy having your ears be the only part of you burnt black? They still do "Hoichi No-Ears" sometimes, but I doubt "Matsushima Only-Ears" would out work so well for you.
Michiru: W-What the heck are you talking about...? Mm, I don't get it. I don't get it, but... cut it... out...
Yuuji: Well, well, look at this. Your tsundere spirit seems to be missing in action.
Michiru: No, it's not... mnnn, that tickleeees...
Narration: *Screwing up her face piteously, Michiru repeats shuddering, moist little sighs. Hrm. There seem to be some people who find pleasure in conquering tsunderes, but this is oddly satisfying in a different way...*
Yuuji: All right then, let's hear you say "Please stop."
Michiru: ...Why? Why are you being so... aaaaah!
Yuuji: If you don't say it, I'll cram lotion in your ear.
Michiru: Fweeeeh. Do I have to say it? No matter what?
Yuuji: No matter what. I'm not feeling merciful today.
Michiru: F-Fine... Please, stop...
Yuuji: I think you meant "Please stop, Yuuji-sama."
Narration: *Even as I scold the girl, I softly trace my sticky, lotion-laden finger along the outside of her ear.*
Michiru: Huh? But you didn't even say th... aaaaaau. Stoooopp... Please, Yuuji-sama, cut it out...
Yuuji: Hahaha. This is quite enjoyable.
Michiru: I-I said shtop! Ah... wha! Mnn, not there... don't...
Michiru: I'm telling you to stop!!
Narration: *Her reserves of stoic fortitude apparently depleted, Michiru reaches down into the sea and rebelliously splashes water in my direction. I'd completely let down my guard and take a direct hit; my vision is temporarily obscured.*
Yuuji: Kuh. Salt water to the eyes, eh? Not half-bad...
Michiru: Haa, haa, I mean, c'mon, you were getting all weird! That was just wrong, all right!?
Yuuji: I see. You hated it that badly? Should have just said so.
Michiru: s...It's not like I really "hated" it, but... Anyway, no more. That stuff is off-limits!
Yuuji: I see, I see. Understood. Incidentally, remember when you hurled that seawater at me?
Michiru: Y-Yeah. What about it?
Yuuji: If I'm not mistaken, you scooped up a jellyfish as well. Which then slipped inside your bathing suit.
Michiru: Whaaaaat!? No way, really!? Wait, you're joking, right!? Aaagh, there really is something slimy in hereeee!
Narration: *Indeed. I suppose Michiru was too busy hurling water at me to notice, but that was quite the coincidence. A jellyfish that had been floating by near the surface of the water smoothly slid inside her bathing suit.*
Narration: *With the slimy sunblock acting as lubricant, the little fellow slipped right in at the bust. Seems to have stopped down around her stomach.*
Michiru: Y-Yuuji! Get it off me! Get it off me NOW!
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Uuu, Y-Yuuji-sama! Please get this thing off me!
Yuuji: Oho, looks like this tsundere knows how the world works. But I must admit, I'm unsure as to how I'm supposed to get the creature "off you" when it's nestled inside your bathing suit. Want to take it off for me?
Michiru: O-Of course not! C'mon, do something! Please!
Yuuji: We've really only got two options here. You take the bathing suit off, or I thrust my hands inside it.
Michiru: Your hands!? T-That's too much, no matter what. No good. Okay, I'll take it off, so just... look over there for a minute!
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Please look over there, if you'd be so kind, Yuuji-sama!
Yuuji: Oh, you were talking to me? My apologies.
Narration: *Respecting Michiru's wishes for the moment, I turn my gaze upward. Somehow, the vivid blue summer sky seems to be laughing at the tragicomedy unfolding far below.*
Michiru: Nooooooooooooo!
Yuuji: Hrm? Something wrong?
Michiru: Wha!? I said not to look! C'mon, this is just weird, right!?
Yuuji: Ah, there's our jellyfish. I'll get him for you.
Narration: *I reach out to grab the boneless little beast, but just then a sizable wave buffets Michiru's mattress.*
Michiru: Uwaaaaaaaaaaah!
Narration: *My aim was flawless, my hand steady; Michiru's body simply moved on me. Instead of the jellyfish, my right hand seizes hold of the girl's regrettable chest.*
Yuuji: Hrm.
Michiru: Don't give me "hrm!" Get your hand off me! Please! I'm begging you, Jellyfish-sama!
Narration: *Michiru seems to have lost track entirely of who she's begging. The girl's clearly been driven to derangement by her body-image issues. A little reassurance seems to be in order.*
Yuuji: Not to worry, you're still a growing girl. I'm sure they'll get bigger.
Michiru: I don't care! Just do something, about this Jellyfish-sama, please, if you'd be so kind! It's all slimyyyy!
Yuuji: All right, this time I'll seize that slippery little...
Narration: *Can't let myself miss this time. I imagine even my tolerant friend Michiru would get slightly upset. I cautiously reach out toward the jellyfish.*
Narration: *―And in that very moment, an even larger wave than the last hits us, shifting the position of Michiru's body once more. Long story short, my hand is suddenly heading straight for her pubic area.*
Michiru: Noooooohoooooooo!
Narration: *I'm not quite sure if my fingertips actually make contact with Michiru's genital region, but the girl immediately begins to thrash around violently.*
Narration: *This, in turn, leads her to tumble from her mattress headfirst into the sea. Fortunately, the impact of her fall dislodges her spineless tormentor, who quickly vanishes.*
Yuuji: Congratulations, Michiru. The jellyfish has disappeared!
Michiru: ...Y-Yeah.
Narration: *For some reason, Michiru seems less than overjoyed. Her twintails float limply on the surface of the sea like two pitiful strands of oddly-colored seaweed.*
Michiru: Haa, haa...
Narration: *By the time Michiru manages to drag herself back to the beach, her skin's taken on a warm red glow from head to foot.*
Yuuji: And this after I kindly lathered you with sunblock. You just had to go fall into the ocean and wash it all off.
Michiru: S-Shaddup, you... I mean, that was just... Arrrgh! Jerk!
Yuuji: Well then, what shall we do with ourselves? There's still plenty of daylight left. Want to try a triathlon next?
Michiru: No, I do NOT. I'm going home for the day. So tired...
Yuuji: I see. All right then, I'll walk you back to the dorm.
Michiru: R-Really?
Yuuji: Yeah. This is a "date," after all. Of sorts.
Michiru: Aah, right. Yeah, figures. Umm... hmmm. Actually, I think I'll pass.
Narration: *Michiru delivers this answer with a strangely forlorn expression on her face.*
Yuuji: Why's that? Aren't we pretending?
Michiru: Mmm... well, yeah, but you don't have to do that. It'd feel a little pathetic...
Michiru: Uh, it's nothing! Okay then, later!
Narration: *Well, "later" works for me, but from the way things look it's going to be another titanic struggle for her to get that float back to the beach house. Is her refusal to even try asking me for help another aspect of the tsundere act?*
Narration: *...Or perhaps the girl's just helplessly awkward?*

Date: *August 7, 2011, 11:00 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *―What's truth and what's fiction? Is this real or a dream? Where am I? Where aren't I? All of a sudden, many things feel unclear to me.*
Narration: *Every once in a while, when I'm alone, I abruptly lose my bearings.*
Narration: *Is it really all right for me to be here? To keep on living like this? My doubts gather into a dense mass of uneasiness that threatens to swallow me up like a black hole.*
Narration: *I came to this school under the pretense of being a student, but I'm still myself. No matter how carefully I smooth down my surface, the real me isn't going to just disappear.*
Narration: *So when Michiru came to me with her "pretend lovers" proposal, deep down I was more relieved than exasperated.*
Narration: *"Now I have an excuse to live a lie."*
Narration: *But this hasn't proven quite so straightforward. It's just a game, isn't it? Plain and simple. And yet, sometimes the simplest things can be surprisingly difficult to fully understand.*
Narration: *To be honest, I'm more than a little perplexed at the moment. My "real" feelings seem to have gotten lost in some obscure fold of my brain, and I'm not having much luck finding them again.*
Narration: *And I'm pretty sure she's feeling the same way.*
Narration: *What's "real" and what's make-believe? Who am I, and who aren't I?*
Michiru: Yuuujiii! Yuuji! Let's go on a date!
Narration: *Michiru's been dropping by my room on more or less a daily basis recently. Her objective, of course, is to drag me out on "pretend-dates."*
Narration: *Although I agreed to play along with the intention of killing some time, my thoughts on the matter are gradually growing muddled and unclear to me.*
Narration: *Why exactly do I keep humoring her like this?*
Narration: *You could call this a mutual crime, I suppose. We're both playacting feelings that aren't real, collaboratively perpetuating a fantasy.*
Michiru: Heeey, Yuuji, I'm talking to you. What's wrong?
Narration: *Michiru's finally gotten to the point of barging right into my room without even feeling self-conscious about it. But that's the product of my deliberate decision not to lock the door. Am I being too soft on the girl?*
Yuuji: Nothing. But isn't it about time...
Narration: *Isn't it about time we ended this relationship? But if I put it that way, it sounds like we're talking about a real breakup. There shouldn't be any need to take this game so seriously...*
Michiru: About time? About time for what? About time... for, uh, that?
Yuuji: What's "that" supposed to be?
Michiru: Y'know... that! Stupid...
Narration: *Abandoning my flustered companion, I abruptly exit my room. Why does this feel so uncomfortable? It's like I'm living inside a man-made miniature garden, with some cosmic voyeur watching me from far above.*
Michiru: Geez, don't just leave me behind... So anyway, I've got a place I wanna go today.
Yuuji: What now? Look, I agreed to play house with you, but there are limits.
Michiru: Hmmmph! Gimme a break, Yuuji. You're having fun too!
Narration: *I open my mouth to refute her, but find myself at a loss for words. The snappy retort I was expecting just doesn't come.*
Yuuji: Hm. Well? Where do you want to go, then?
Michiru: It's a surprise. You'll find out when we get there! Let's bring lunches and have another picnic!
Yuuji: Not necessary. I don't want to spend that much time.
Michiru: What the heck? Geez... Fine, whatever. All right then, go wait outside like always!
Narration: *While waiting for Michiru, I reflect on the fact that our classmates will be returning to the dorm soon. Once they're back, will Michiru revert to her original tsundere state?*
Narration: *Will we go back to the normal routine, as if this time we spent together never happened?*
Narration: *...Not that it's really any of my concern. It's her problem.*
Michiru: Here I am, Darling!
Yuuji: "Darling?" Even for the sake of authenticity, I'm pretty reluctant to start calling you "honey."
Michiru: What's the big deal? I wanna get fired up, so I'm just pretend-calling you that. Don't worry about it.
Yuuji: Hrm. Easy for you to say... "Darling," huh?
Michiru: Okay then, let's get going! Y'know, my waistband's been getting a little loose from all this walking I've been doing with you lately.
Yuuji: I doubt there's been that significant a change in a few days. Let's see here...
Michiru: Ah, you just looked at my breasts, didn't you!? Perv! 
Yuuji: No, I did not. I looked at your waist. And then at your cat.
Michiru: The cat's breasts!? Perv! Super-perv!! Wait, is this kitty a boy or a girl in the first place?
Yuuji: It's male.
Michiru: Huh? Why do you know that?
Yuuji: Because I looked.
Michiru: ...You looked, punk? What d'you think you're looking at, punk?
Yuuji: Rest assured, there was no funny business involved. When I was injecting... Well, it's hardly important.
Michiru: Injecting? Oh, that's right. You gave this guy a vaccination shot, didn't you?
Yuuji: Hm? Did Chizuru spill the beans?
Michiru: Yeah. She made me promise to keep it a secret, but whatever. You're actually a pretty nice guy, aren't you? That's why I like you!
Narration: *Honestly. Are there any words so hollow as a woman's "Just between the two of us?"*
Michiru: What's wrong, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Pipe down. Come on, let's get going.
Michiru: Aah! I'm telling you to wait! I mean, I'm the only one who even knows where we're going, right!?
Michiru: This place really is relaxing, isn't it...
Kittymeow: Meowww.
Narration: *In a less than totally unpredictable development, the destination Michiru guides me to is the usual clearing overlooking the sea.*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, I'm going to be blunt. Why're you so attached to this place?
Michiru: ...Mmm. Well...
Narration: *Michiru slowly licks her lips with her tongue, then looks me straight in the face and smiles.*
Michiru: No reason.
Yuuji: ...Hm? No reason? Even though you come here at every possible opportunity, you expect me to believe you have no reason for doing so?
Michiru: Aaah, well... maybe "no reason" doesn't really cover it that well...
Michiru: In other words, uhm, this place is pretty and all, and you can see really far, and the air tastes good, and I could see Kittymeow here, and the sky's really wide, so, well, yeah. I like it...
Narration: *I have the feeling that today I'm finally going to hear about whatever it is Michiru's been hiding from me. Therefore, as the girl hems and haws, I simply wait patiently.*
Narration: *So as not to let some crumb of truth blow away in the wind, I shield my ear with a hand and sit quietly waiting.*
Michiru: Also, well... It makes me remember a friend.
Kittymeow: Meowww.
Narration: *Michiru finally manages to just barely squeeze out the words. At the same moment, her cat gives a small cry.*
Michiru: Whenever I come to this place, I remember a really good friend of mine. Not that anything happened here, but... yeah.
Yuuji: I see. And is this "friend" of yours now a source of distress?
Michiru: ...Duuno. Let's not talk about this, okay?
Narration: *Michiru clears her throat with a little cough, brushing her previous comments off the table of conversation.*
Michiru: I wanted to say... thanks. The pretend-dating's been really fun. But it also makes me kind of scared. Being this happy. Spending every day laughing... like, do I really deserve a life like that?
Michiru: I sorta feel like... I should be huddled up in some little corner of the world instead. Breathing real softly so no one notices...
Narration: *The black cat repeatedly circles around Michiru's legs in search of attention, but the girl's so caught up in her little monologue that she doesn't even seem to notice.*
Michiru: I mean... even if it's just pretend, going out with you makes me happy, Yuuji. And I have Kittymeow too. But there's also this part of me that keeps saying it's a lie. A dream. Maybe someday it'll just disappear...
Michiru: Like, right now I'm just looking at the box from the outside, but maybe if I lift up the lid it'll be empty. Maybe there was nothing inside all along... That scares me.
Michiru: Hey... have I been acting weird lately or anything? Am I being... myself? Have I been able to... be with you the way I normally am?
Michiru: ...That's kind of a weird question to ask, isn't it? I know that myself, but... I'm scared. Hey, Yuuji... am I still me?
Narration: *I put a hand to Michiru's cheek and feel the temperature of her skin. The girl before my eyes is, without a doubt, the Michiru I know. No more, no less.*
Narration: *But it's also true that "another" Michiru appears occasionally in her place.*
Narration: *I know basically nothing about the girl - not why she became this way, not what it means.*
Narration: *And no matter how many pseudo-dates we accumulate, I'm not going to get any closer to that answer. There are some places roleplaying can't take you.*
Yuuji: You're you, same as always. There's nothing strange about you. I think I've told you this before, but you worry too much.
Michiru: Yeah... so I don't have to worry? I'm... doing okay? I'm holding... myself together?
Narration: *All of a sudden, Michiru's eyes are tinged with red.*
Michiru: I'm stupid and all, so I can't really tell. Hey, Yuuji, do you think I'm stupid too?
Michiru: I got really happy over a bunch of stupid pretend-dates... and probably... ended up liking you. A whole lot. Pretty dumb, right? Must be a big nuisance for you.
Yuuji: Not really.
Michiru: Is that a lie too?
Yuuji: No. Don't get too paranoid on me, all right? Take this at face value. You're fine just the way you are.
Michiru: Just the way I am, huh...? Wonder what that means. I'm not really sure...
Narration: *Michiru blinks rapidly, and a single large teardrop rolls down her face. No others follow.*
Michiru: You know... when I went on dates with you, I was always thinking "I wish this would last forever." "If only today would never end."
Michiru: I mean, it might be a fake pretend-date, but if a dream never ends, it's real. Right? So I'm always scared of... the end.
Yuuji: I see. But pretending has its advantages. No matter what happens, you can pass it off as a joke. Nobody has to get hurt.
Michiru: ...Yeah, you might be right about that. But I'm still afraid of the end... Kittymeow leaving me, Yuuji going off somewhere... I'm scared that all my friends will just... disappear...
Narration: *As the words leave her mouth, Michiru slowly squats down to finally pet the black cat at her feet. Somehow, the movement reminds me of an elderly musician lovingly attending to their instrument.*
Michiru: The more fun I have, the scarier it gets. Is this happiness even real? Maybe it's all just a lie, you know? I mean, I just... don't know.
Narration: *I'm struck by the need to reassure Michiru. Setting aside my own complex circumstances and uncertain feelings, I want to do something for the girl crying in front of me.*
Narration: *More than a little presumptuous of me, yes. But I simply can't bring myself to stay silent.*
Yuuji: You're not wrong, Michiru. Most things do come to an end. But that's―
Narration: *In that instant, her hand still moving through the cat's fur, Michiru changes. I swallow the words that were about to leave my mouth and carefully observe "her."*
Michiru: But that's... what, Yuuji-kun?
Narration: *The girl before my eyes was no longer the Michiru I wanted to comfort.*
Yuuji: You again? You've got crappy timing, woman...
Narration: *Michiru offers me a dry, unamused little laugh, then moves her arms carefully back and forth as if testing the parts that compose her.*
Michiru: What's wrong? Something the matter with "me?" Anyway, I suppose I have to express my gratitude... Thank you for dating this girl. Seems you're not particularly honest about your feelings either, eh?
Michiru: Somehow it ended up in this messed-up "pretend-date" format, but she was very happy. Thank you.
Michiru: But, you know... that's exactly why things are getting so messy right now. The girl seems to be even more serious about this than I thought.
Narration: *Michiru brushes her bangs out of her eyes, then tugs on the hem of her dress, clearly uncomfortable.*
Michiru: Puts on clothes like these, even. A little too eager to please, aren't we? Well, I suppose that's a matter of taste. Have to respect the effort she put in. But, y'know, isn't this kind of a problem?
Yuuji: ...I don't follow.
Michiru: That so? Hmmm. In other words... you want to reassure this girl, don't you? But that's only a passing whim of yours.
Michiru: Can you promise to stay with this girl forever? Never to leave her? To protect her for all eternity?
Narration: *Instead of answering, I squeeze my clenched hands a little tighter. It would be easy enough to object, but the girl has a point.*
Michiru: Even now, you leave the school once in a while for work, right? How do you plan to ease the loneliness she's going to feel?
Michiru: Who's she supposed to cling to on the nights when you're not there? How much do you think she'll cry? Before it gets to that point, let's stop this. The game's over.
Narration: *The girl claps her hands together firmly. The strangely dry sound hangs in the air for a moment; the black cat, alarmed, darts off into the grass.*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend.
Narration: *Lacking a better alternative, I venture to call the girl in front of me by that name.*
Yuuji: You talk about the end like it's inevitable, but some things do last forever. Of course, the vast majority don't, but that's not a reason to give up looking.
Yuuji: No matter how miniscule the odds may be, "eternity" does exist. It might take a borderline miracle to find it, but you can't deny it's there.
Narration: *Michiru twists her face as if she's taken a bite out of a particularly sour lemon.*
Michiru: ...Hmmm, wouldn't have pegged you as the sort to come out with a line like that, Yuuji-kun. True enough, I can't deny it. Nobody's going to argue "miracles" don't exist.
Michiru: But if you keep offering up these convenient little fantasies for her to lean on, she's the only one who's going to get hurt when it all comes crashing down.
Michiru: Unless you make a miracle happen, you'll just fill her up with empty hope and then let her down. C'mon, isn't that a little too sad? From where I'm standing, even taking that gamble seems pretty cruel.
Narration: *The beautiful scenery, the pleasant wind - all of it seems to have abruptly drained of color and flavor. I can't find an effective response to her words.*
Michiru: This girl wants to be with you forever, you know? I thought dating you would be for her good, but it seems I was wrong.
Michiru: I'm begging you. Please don't hurt this girl.
Yuuji: I have no intention of hurting her. But when you're that afraid of getting hurt―
Narration: *As the words are leaving my mouth, Michiru's body language slackens and the expression on her face changes. I instantly sense that the girl I know has returned.*
Michiru: ......Nyaa. Whoo, got a little dizzy there for a sec... Tehehe.
Narration: *Michiru grins brightly, but once she notices my grim expression, the smile quickly fades from her face. Her eyes full of uneasiness, she tentatively opens her mouth.*
Michiru: Uhm... did I say something weird? Don't tell me... it happened again...?
Narration: *Her lips begin to tremble. It's obvious that the girl's genuinely afraid. She has the expression of a child who's looked down into a deep, dark well.*
Michiru: It did, didn't it? Yeah, of course it did. It always does.
Michiru: Y'know... for some reason, whenever something seems precious to me... when I feel like I need it... it disappears. Once I start thinking like that, it goes somewhere far away.
Michiru: So it'd be better not to think those things in the first place, right? I shouldn't even hope for the happiness to continue.
Michiru: I shouldn't let myself dream...
Narration: *Instead of answering, I silently wrap my arms around Michiru and hug her tightly. A very abrupt action on my part, to be sure. But it felt like the thing to do.*
Michiru: !!
Narration: *Michiru's breath catches in her throat; I can faintly feel her pounding pulse through her skin. I can't find anything to say to her right now.*
Narration: *I don't know what she's gone through, or where these anxieties came from. I feel her suffering like it's my own; my emotions and hers seem to have rolled up into a hopelessly tangled mess.*
Narration: *To be honest, I don't have the first idea what to tell her.*
Narration: *―And therefore...*
Narration: *Therefore, guided by sheer instincts, I decide to come out and say something that's been on my mind for a long time now.*
Narration: *This isn't the time for false happiness or hollow consolation. Right now, she needs truth.*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, there's something I've been wanting to tell you. You mind?
Michiru: ...W-What?
Yuuji: I don't know what I should say to you right now. So I'm going with this.
Michiru: Y-Yeah. I understand, so hurry up and say it. It's not anything scary, right? Or... depressing? Right?
Yuuji: Not sure.
Michiru: Uuu... fine, I'll brace myself. Okay, say it. Hurry...
Yuuji: That cat. You're calling it "Kittymeow," aren't you?
Michiru: Huh? Y-Yeah...
Yuuji: Well, you're godawful at naming things.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!?
Yuuji: I'll say it again. You, are, terrible, at, naming, things.
Michiru: Whuh...? Whaaaat!? What the HECK? Y-You say this now? At this moment!? I mean, of all the times to, uh, whaaaaaat!?
Yuuji: Weren't you listening to me? I didn't know what to tell you. So for the time being, I decided to say something that's been on my mind for a while.
Michiru: F-For the time being? Are you for real!? I mean, just now, you were kind of, well, I, whaaaaat!?
Yuuji: The timing might have been somewhat odd, granted, but they're sincere words. Try to calm yourself, all right?
Michiru: Of course I'm not calm! For crying out loud... what the heck's going on in that head of yours...? Hehehe.
Michiru: I really can't make sense of you, Yuuji... geez. Ahahahah...
Narration: *Michiru laughs, a hint of cheerfulness returning to her voice. Her deeply sorrowful expression gives way to the same straightforward smile I saw yesterday.*
Narration: *I deliberately chose to play for time. As a temporary stopgap measure, I've simply shifted the topic away from potentially problematic subjects.*
Narration: *I don't know if that was the right decision. But I didn't want to make some half-assed insincere promise just to bring Michiru momentary reassurance.*
Narration: *It'd be easy enough to lie to the girl and make her feel like the problem's been solved, but that wouldn't be genuine progress. Might well backfire, in fact.*
Narration: *And so, I stalled her. I've put off the inevitable for now. I decided that a little more time would be necessary to resolve this problem, and now I have it.*
Michiru: Hehehe. Ahem. Okay, look. Kittymeow isn't his name.
Cat: Meowww.
Yuuji: It isn't? But you're constantly calling him that.
Michiru: C'mon, I can't just call him "kitty," can I? He's always going meowww, so Kittymeow.
Yuuji: So if he was a dog, it'd be... Doggiebark?
Michiru: That's right. I mean, I didn't want to give him a real name. Like I said before... everything I care about goes away before long.
Michiru: I didn't want that to happen again, so... I mean, if I gave him a name we'd have a real connection, right? That kind of scared me.
Yuuji: I see, that explains it... But there's no harm in naming the animal. You should reconsider.
Michiru: Huh!? Y-You really think it'd be all right...? I dunno... 
Narration: *Profoundly shocked by my proposal, Michiru hesitates. But honestly, she's so transparently attached to the animal that sticking with this purely functional non-name seems both awkward and pointless.*
Michiru: So he won't just... disappear the moment I give him a name?
Yuuji: Not impossible, but it strikes me as exceptionally unlikely. I know, why don't I propose a name for the little beast? Let's see here... hmmm. Ahah. "Rommel" has a nice ring...
Michiru: No way! Hey, what's with you, anyway? You're always saying that, the "Rommel" thing. It's not cute in the slightest, you know? 
Yuuji: Cuteness was a requirement? I see... I'm too used to thinking of names as purely practical signifiers, I suppose.
Michiru: In the first place, what's a "Rommel" supposed to be?
Yuuji: A general.
Michiru: A general, huh? Uh, he doesn't have to be a general, okay? Rommel's off-limits. Some general nobody knows from a hole in the ground would just be...
Yuuji: Hold on, woman. Rommel's no hole-in-the-ground. Listen up. Rommel was an officer of the German Army, known as the Desert Fox for...
Michiru: Don't care! It's not like I wanna know Rommel's life story, all right? I mean, desert fox? This guy's a cat! Hissss!
Rommel: Hisss!
Yuuji: I see. If you're that opposed I guess there's nothing for it. All right, how about this one? "Erwin."
Michiru: Erwin? Wow, that actually sounds kinda cute. I like it. That one sounds nice!
Yuuji: Officially, it's somewhat longer. Erwin Johannes...
Michiru: Hm, hm. Erwin Johannes...?
Yuuji: Erwin Johannes Eugen Rommel.
Michiru: Friggin' Rommel again!?
Rommel: Hisss!
Yuuji: All right then, all joking aside... go ahead and name him as you see fit.
Michiru: Hmmm, as I see fit? Easy for you to say... Mm, hey, okay. How about this?
Narration: *Michiru bashfully rubs her thighs together and speaks with a clear hint of embarrassment in her voice.*
Michiru: Me... Meowmel, maybe...? What do you think?
Yuuji: It's shit.
Michiru: Whaaat!? Shot down instantly!? C'mooon, Meowmel's good, right!?
Yuuji: Hrm. How did you arrive at this name? Walk me through the thought process here.
Michiru: Mmm. Well, you know, 'cause you're always saying Rommel this, Rommel that... I figured you must be pretty attached to that name.
Yuuji: Not in the slightest. It was just the first thing that popped into my head.
Michiru: ...Uuu. A-And, well, I was going with "Kittymeow," so I thought Meowmel might be good... maybe...
Narration: *Michiru looks up at me, clearly looking for approval. In response, I offer her my honest opinion on the matter.*
Yuuji: Do it. A name can be anything, really. What matters is the fact that you're the one who named it. As of today, that cat belongs to you.
Michiru: Y-Yeah. I get it. Okay then, it's settled! Well, Meowmel? You like your new name? 
Meowmel: ......
Michiru: Huh!? Ignored!? 
Yuuji: Well, I doubt it could care less.
Michiru: B-By the way, just to be on the safe side, y'know, for reference... I wanted to ask, well... what do you think of the name, Yuuji? Ah, be honest, okay? Totally honest.
Yuuji: How many times are you going to make me repeat myself? When it comes to naming things, you are utter shit.
Michiru: That's too friggin' honest! C'mon! Are you for real!?!
Meowmel: Meowww.
Yuuji: Well, whatever the name, there's no changing what's already been decided. All right then, why don't we head back?
Michiru: Y-Yeah. Hey, Yuuji... we can hold hands, right? I mean, we're still technically on a pretend-date and all.
Narration: *Before I can even tell her I don't mind, Michiru clings to my arm.*
Michiru: Thanks, Yuuji. It kinda feels like there's a new part of my world now.
Yuuji: Good for you. Collect enough of those, and maybe you can piece together a world that belongs to you alone. It's up to you what gets included.
Michiru: Yeah. You're right...
Michiru: ...Yuuji too, someday...
Meowmel: Meowww.
Yuuji: All right then. Let's get going, Lyudmila Pavlichenko.
Meowmel: Meowww!
Michiru: Hold on! It's Meowmel, remember!? What happened to not changing it, huh!? And you, Meowmel, don't answer him! C'mon, seriously!!
Meowmel: ...Hmph.
Michiru: Aaaah, geez!! I know, I'll give you a biscuit. Okay? Now get attached to me! Get even more attached to me!
Meowmel: Meow! Meowowrow!
Michiru: Ooh, you like the biscuit, huh? Yeah, you do! Good boy, good boy. Scritchy scratchy.
Narration: *Today, Michiru obtained a new piece of herself. But we can't forget that none of her problems have really been resolved.*
Narration: *Still, the girl's begun to walk on her own two feet, if only within the bounds of a make-believe fantasy.*
Narration: *As for myself... the words of the "other" Michiru still weigh heavily on my mind.*
Narration: *If eternity doesn't exist, what can I do for a girl who wants something permanent? Easy enough to sulk and say it's all meaningless in the end, but with that mindset we'll never even crack open the door to her world.*

Date: *August 10, 2011, 09:11 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *The newly-designated "Meowmel" has officially become a component of Michiru's world. In commemoration, the girl bought pricey white meat from some pet food store, and after breaking it up into tiny chunks fed it to the cat in question.*
Narration: *Of course, the finicky little beast barely ate half the bowl before turning up its nose and wandering off...*
Narration: *But Michiru smiled happily nonetheless; even as she complained about her friend's "high-class tastes," the girl looked deeply gratified. It wasn't an unpleasant little scene.*
Narration: *I doubt any objective observer would take me for an "average student." But in the time I've spent with Michiru recently, I think we may have become a fairly convincing "ordinary couple." Even if it is nothing but a game.*
Michiru: Meowmelll. Meowmellll?
Meowmel: Meowww.
Michiru: Ah, so there you are. What do you think you're doing in Yuuji's room? Honestly, you're always hanging around my place except when I need you...
Meowmel: Meow?
Michiru: Meow isn't going to cut it, mister. You got that? Hmm. Hey, Yuuji, how much d'you think Meowmel understands of what we say?
Narration: *I was reading quietly in my room, but that seems to be at an end. Not only Michiru but even her pet are now barging in here whenever they feel like it. That said, the cat's still wary of me; whenever I approach he runs off and hides.*
Narration: *Don't understand why he comes to my room for the express purpose of fleeing... The animal's a more convincing tsundere than his master ever was.*
Michiru: Hey, are you listening to me?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm listening. Are you asking about this creature's particular capabilities, or the linguistic intelligence of cats in general?
Michiru: Hm? Hmmm... hm? Uhm, you know, whatever. Just wanna know how much gets through to him, I guess.
Yuuji: Well, let's see. To simplify somewhat, I think he understands about as much as you do.
Michiru: Huh!? That much!? He's practically human-smart!
Yuuji: So you're not...?
Michiru: Well, no, I'm a human, so yeah. Not what I meant. Uhm, well. Hmmm... Huh?
Meowmel: Meow!
Michiru: Ah. Hmm, whatever. I guess you just mean he's a smart little guy? Unlike me.
Yuuji: Well, it's impossible to really understand the thoughts of someone you can't hold a conversation with. Even among fellow human beings, a difference in language can lead to pointless conflict.
Michiru: Look, I don't want this whole complicated lecture! I was just asking about Meowmel... Grmmm.
Yuuji: I wasn't trying to be obtuse. It's a simple question of how we communicate our intentions to each other. Very basic stuff.
Michiru: Sure, yeah, but... whatever, let's just drop it.
Narration: *Her cat still perched on her head, Michiru approaches me timidly, a frown on her face. But it's an exaggerated performance; I can tell that she's not actually too unhappy at the moment.*
Michiru: Uhm, Yuuji. Every day's been... really fun lately.
Yuuji: That so? Guess your make-believe game was a wise choice.
Michiru: Ah... Y-Yeah. That's right. Makes me wanna track down the kid who first invented "playing house" and give 'em the Meowmel Medal of Honor.
Michiru: Hey, so, we've been pretend-dating all this time... but, uh, are we still playing right now?
Yuuji: Sure. Not like we've been drawing a clear line, so that works for me.
Michiru: So that means... I've sort of "come to play at my boyfriend's house!" or something, right?
Yuuji: Not sure I'd necessarily infer that dating someone means they're your "boyfriend."
Michiru: Too bad, infer it anyway! So anyway, that means... Yuuji, you're the guy who invited your girlfriend up to your room or something, yeah?
Yuuji: I guess you could interpret it that way.
Michiru: ...Crap. I'm the one who said it, but I'm still getting all flustered...
Yuuji: You're a strange one. Want some water?
Michiru: Uh, nope, I'm good.
Yuuji: I see. Think I'll have some myself.
Narration: *I take a bottle of mineral water from the fridge, pour a glass, and gulp down a mouthful. The cool liquid slides pleasantly down my gullet.*
Michiru: Ah, can I have some after all?
Yuuji: Hm? Sure, not a problem. Wait a second, I'll get you a glass.
Michiru: No, that one's fine.
Narration: *Michiru snatches the glass from my hands, then hesitantly examines it, seemingly uncertain where to put her mouth. In the end, she squeezes her eyes shut and chugs down the rest of the water.*
Yuuji: You're not a child, all right? Don't start squawking about "indirect kisses" just because our lips mashed against the same piece of glass.
Michiru: T-That's... not it.
Narration: *I retrieve the glass from Michiru's clutches, leave it in the sink, and take a seat on the bed. Michiru follows, lowering herself to sit at my side.*
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: What's with you?
Michiru: Well, uh. Hm, I... I wonder what sort of stuff couples do when they're alone?
Yuuji: Sex would be first on the list.
Michiru: Whaaaaaaa!? Se... what!? Yuuji!?
Yuuji: Yes? Something the matter?
Michiru: Well, uhm, how can I put this? Huh? Se...
Yuuji: When a male and female of appropriate age find themselves alone behind closed doors, that's the natural result. Much less when you're dealing with a romantic couple. Don't they seek out privacy for that express purpose?
Michiru: ...Dunno. Uhm, I... dunnno.
Narration: *Bright-red all the way to her ears, Michiru lowers her eyes from my face. Well, suppose it's understandable. It may be the truth, but I'm being pretty frank about it.*
Yuuji: Well? Want to pretend-fuck?
Michiru: Of course not! C'mon, there's no way I could do that! I mean... you've gotta... take that sort of stuff seriously... right?
Yuuji: That's probably the proper attitude, yes. All right then, let me ask you this instead. This may be a game, but you've still voluntarily paid a private visit to your "boyfriend's" room... What did you have in mind?
Michiru: Errrrrr... Well, uhm... okay, maybe holding hands or something?
Narration: *I immediately seize one of Michiru's hands.*
Yuuji: Okay, done. Anything else?
Michiru: Uhhh, erm... Well, let's see, uh...We're not gonna do this one, no go, but... a kiss on the ear, maybe?
Yuuji: A kiss on the ear? So we're talking about foreplay now?
Michiru: Huh!? Uh, no, I don't think so... N-Not what I meant. You know, your ears are super-ticklish, so... Sort of a little... teasing thing, I guess?
Yuuji: I see. But we're not actually going to do it, are we? Since this is just pretend and all.
Michiru: Yep, no good. Other than that, if we could just talk a lot, it'd be fine. I think I'd be satisfied with that.
Yuuji: I see. That's not much different from the normal routine, but if that's good enough for you I don't mind.
Michiru: Aaah, but... Uhhhhm. Hmmm...
Meowmel: Meow.
Narration: *Apparently perturbed by Michiru's constant vacillating, the cat leaps down from her head and runs off to hide under something.*
Michiru: Uhm, well... I guess I want to kiss.
Yuuji: But we're not going to, right? Since this is only pretend.
Michiru: No, I wanna do it. I mean, yeah, we're pretending. It's pretend, but... I still want to kiss.
Yuuji: You sure?
Michiru: Yeah. I'm sure.
Narration: *Even as she speaks, Michiru inches away from me. Well, she's the one who asked. I reach over and grab the girl's shoulder, gently pulling her back toward me in order to comply with her request.*
Michiru: Huh? Wha?
Yuuji: We are kissing, aren't we?
Michiru: Well, yeah, but already? Right now? Moving kind of fast, don't you think?
Yuuji: Here goes.
Michiru: Huh!? Hold on a second!
Narration: *Squirming inside my arms, Michiru turns her face away from mine. Soon enough she's made up an excuse.*
Michiru: I don't want to get rushed into it, okay? I want to... prepare myself first.
Yuuji: Hrm. Understood. I'll wait for you, so let me know when your preparations are complete.
Michiru: Huh!? L-Like this? Your face is a l-little close, don't you think?
Yuuji: I'll be returning to point-blank range soon enough anyway. Backing off now would just be a waste of time.
Michiru: I-Is that so... F-Fine, if you say so... Mmmmm.
Narration: *I observe Michiru's face from a few centimeters away. Her cheeks are alarmingly red; her chest heaves violently with every breath. One would almost suspect a sudden illness of some sort, but I suppose the girl's just extremely tense.*
Michiru: ...Haa, haa... uuu.
Yuuji: We good?
Michiru: ...Haa... hoo, hoo... phoo.
Michiru: Okay! I'm ready!
Narration: *As soon as the girl finally gives me the go-ahead, I close the distance between us and claim her lips without hesitation.*
Michiru: !!
Narration: *Her shoulder twitches inside my grip, and in the next instant I can feel her whole body go stiff as a plank. After a moment I slowly open my mouth; Michiru's lips, adhered to mine, naturally part as well.*
Michiru: Fweh...?
Narration: *Silly girl seems to have been expecting nothing more than a simple lip-to-lip kiss. Now that I've pried her mouth open, she's clearly bewildered. Not that it's enough to stop me from pushing my tongue inside.*
Michiru: Nn... mmmnn.
Narration: *Hot gusts of breath escape Michiru's small nose. Clumsy with fear, her tongue tries to shrink away; but I slowly entwine it with my own, deliberately preventing its escape.*
Michiru: Nooo, shtop... nn...
Narration: *Our saliva mingles, producing vaguely obscene sounds. Apparently embarrassed by the noise, Michiru squeezes her eyes shut and shakes her shoulders as if to flee.*
Michiru: Hold on, shtop! No more! That's... enough. Nhaau...
Narration: *And so the kiss ends. It only lasted a few seconds, but I'm getting the impression it felt a good deal longer to Michiru.*
Narration: *As I wipe away a strand of saliva from the outside of her lip with a finger, the girl's face contorts with embarrassment.*
Michiru: Uhm... that was a little too intense, for your information.
Yuuji: Hrm. I believe kisses between romantic partners tend to go roughly along those lines...
Michiru: ...I thought you'd just... give me a little peck.
Yuuji: I see. Suppose it's my fault for not double-checking first. Want a do-over?
Michiru: ...No, that's okay. It's fine...
Michiru: I'm not mad or anything.
Narration: *Nobody so much as hinted at that possibility, but Michiru denies it anyway. Probably attempting to convince herself of something.*
Michiru: I mean, it's pretend, after all. Yeah. It's fine. So, anyway! Wanna go on a date tomorrow?
Yuuji: What're you saying? The others should be coming back tomorrow. Since the idea behind these pretend-dates was to kill time, they should no longer be necessary, correct?
Michiru: Ah... right. Makes sense. We're just... killing time, after all.
Michiru: ...Guess you're right. Yeah, that's right! I mean, totally wrong! W-What the heck! What the HECK!?
Yuuji: Oh? What's this? Pretty sudden attitude change. Has your tsundere engine started up again?
Michiru: That's right. My motor coil's finally warmed up! We were just killing time playing make-believe, but I guess that won't be necessary anymore!
Narration: *I'm not sure whether the girl's playing tough or really means that, but she does offer a convincingly ferocious glare.*
Michiru: Aaaah. A m-moderately diverting little amusement, that game of ours. But today's the end of that. As of tomorrow, I'm back to my standard inbred tsundere nature! So there! Hmph harrumph!
Yuuji: That a fact? But tell me, Michiru...
Michiru: That's Michiru-sama to you, Mr. Meowmix!! 
Meowmel: Meow?
Yuuji: Why are you going after the cat instead of me? Also, you got the name wrong.
Michiru: I-I know that! He's Meowmel, of course. Meowmel. Hmph. Just forget I said anything. Aaah, I'm so relieved everyone's finally coming back!
Michiru: Being alone with you wasn't f-fun in the slightest, just so you know!
Yuuji: Hrm.
Michiru: What's "Hrm" supposed to mean!? Don't you have anything else to say!?
Yuuji: Not really. Well, let's continue to maintain a mutually cordial acquaintance, my friend.
Michiru: I-I don't wanna be your friend or anything, but maybe I'll let you be mine! Hmph! Okay, I'm going back to my room now! Don't follow me! Don't even THINK about following me, you got that!?
Narration: *With those words, Michiru stalks out of my room. Have to admit, her exceptionally abrupt change in attitude took my slightly by surprise... but I'm fairly sure I only spoke the truth.*
Narration: *Our "relationship" was nothing but a roleplaying fantasy - founded in fiction, not real feelings.*
Narration: *I mean, that's the exact reason we were able to be together so easily, wasn't it?*
Yuuji: I have a feeling this is going to get messy...
Narration: *I lie down on my bed and heave a deep sigh. The scent of Michiru's artificial fragrance lingers on the tips of my fingers. It's a sweet and gentle smell. Pleasant in its own way, but badly out-of-place in this dreary room.*

Date: *August 12, 2011, 05:00 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *Five in the morning. Whether or not the world changes around me, my priorities stay the same. Barring a job request or other special circumstances, I run. Simple as that.*
Narration: *Haven't seen Michiru yet today. Of course, it's still early in the morning, but I've got the sense she won't be approaching me quite so proactively from now on.*
Narration: *Naturally, that's because the others are coming back.*
Narration: *With their return, our private make-believe world is coming to an end. We'll be returning to our normal lives, such as they are.*
Narration: *I run my standard route at a fixed, moderate pace, careful not to wind myself, and finish with a light cooldown cruise. Of course, I regularly pour water into my heated body to prevent dehydration.*
Narration: *It's the exact same routine as always, but for some reason it feels less than fully satisfying today.*
Narration: *The day slips past noon, and there's still no sign of Michiru. I briefly consider heading up to her room to see if anything happened, but that would probably be an overreaction.*
Narration: *It's possible that she's just sleeping in, for one thing.*
Narration: *After all, we've been running around all over the place on those pretend-dates. It wouldn't be surprising if the accumulated fatigue caused her to oversleep.*
Narration: *In the end, I decide to take a walk around the campus to clear my mind. I'm fully familiar with the scenery by now, but a firm grasp of the local terrain and arrangement of nearby buildings is extremely important.*
Narration: *It's crucial to maintain awareness of viable escape routes and suitable places to take shelter in case of an emergency.*
Narration: *At such times, up-to-date and precise knowledge of your environment can be the difference between life and death. Therefore, I proceed to sequentially compare the layout of the area against the map in my mind.*
Yuuji: ...Sakaki?
Yumiko: I'm back.
Yuuji: What's with that look on your face? Something wrong?
Yumiko: No. I mean, I'd like to ask you the same thing. You've got a rather frightening expression at the moment.
Narration: *As I was imagining various crisis scenarios while reviewing the area, it seems my face naturally grew somewhat fierce. I stick my index fingers in the corners of my mouth and push them upward.*
Yuuji: How's this? Better now?
Yumiko: *Snort*... What on earth? Are you feeling all right, Kazami-kun?
Yuuji: You said I was scary, so I constructed a pleasant smile for your benefit. What's so strange about that?
Yumiko: Well, sure... but were you really the type to do something like that?
Yuuji: Hrm. Even I clown around every once in a while.
Yumiko: Okay, let's see you clown.
Yuuji: Very well. I will now tell a joke.
Yumiko: Okay.
Yuuji: A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says, "Sorry, we don't serve food in here."
Yumiko: Okay.
Yuuji: Sakaki, my friend, allow me to explain. The word "serve" can refer to both offering certain items for sale and―
Yumiko: No, no, no, I get it. I do. It just wasn't funny.
Yuuji: What!? I had a lot of confidence in that one... It was a smash hit in Dien Bien Phu, you know?
Yumiko: W-Well, good for you. Wherever that is. In any case, I knew you joked around sometimes, but... for some reason, it feels like you've changed a little.
Yuuji: Don't know about that. I'm the same person I've always been.
Yumiko: Ah, that's right. I didn't forget the souvenirs. Here you go, this one's for you.
Yuuji: Whoa! A fluorescent-green glow-in-the-dark skeleton keychain!? Never expected you'd actually buy one... much less an anatomically correct model... with limbs that rattle back and forth...
Yumiko: Huh? But you did say you wanted one, didn't you?
Yuuji: W-Well, I suppose. But the visual impact was intense enough that this fanfare rang out in my head...
Yumiko: Hm? I'm afraid I don't quite follow. Also, I got these six pennants for Matsushima-san. There was quite a variety, so it was rather difficult to pick them out... I ended up just buying six with the same design.
Yuuji: I see. Give them to her later, I'm sure she'll be pleased.
Yumiko: You think...? All right, bye.
Narration: *Pennants, though? You barely even find those things in souvenir shops these days... Where exactly did Sakaki wander off to, anyway?*
Makina: Aaah! It's Onii-chan!
Narration: *A few minutes later, Makina's voice unexpectedly reaches my ears. Her high-pitched squawking prompts something almost like nostalgia. That must mean Amane's back as well...*
Amane: We're hoooome. Huh? C'mon, Yuuji, we've finally returned to your side. Why the long face? Maybe a passionate embrace would make you feel better, hmm?
Yuuji: Not necessary. I'm satisfied to see you've safely returned. That's all that matters.
Makina: All that matters? Nothin' else in the whole world matters at all?
Yuuji: I'll rephrase that. I find your safe return preferable to the alternative.
Makina: Aaah, now I get it. Better safe than sorry, right!? Aaah, this is just like the old days! Onii-chan's voice, Onii-chan's face, Onii-chan's smile!
Yuuji: I don't think I'm smiling, actually.
Makina: Huh? Oh, really? Okay then, show me yer pearly whites!
Yuuji: No, I think I'll pass. I tried something similar just now, but it didn't get a very good reception.
Makina: Whaaaat!? No fair! Show me too, ya bum! 
Yuuji: All right, enough of that. Amane, my friend, were you able to enjoy a satisfactory period of rest and recreation?
Narration: *Amane answers while lightly smacking her own shoulder in a show of weariness.*
Amane: Well, more or less, yeah. But it's summer and all, so there were a ton of festivals going on back home, you know? And Makina kept dragging me along to every single one.
Makina: Yep! I mean, c'mon, festivals are pretty sweet, right? Course ya wanna go. They got grilled squid, too! 
Amane: She bought all this food and barely ate a thing... Same as it ever was, you know? When you're with Makina, it barely even matters where you go. It's all the same tune.
Makina: Ah, that's right. Want some grilled squid, Onii-chan? It's four days old, but I hung on to it. Figgered it might still be edible.
Amane: Ugh... Okay, I really wouldn't. I'm pretty sure it's gone bad by now.
Makina: Not ta worry. I wrapped it in aluminum foil, see? Should be fine!
Yuuji: Hrm. Makina went out of her way to bring it back, so I suppose I'll take a bite. Surely a very small amount can't do that much digestive damage.
Amane: Uhhhh... I really think you shouldn't...
Michiru: Hey, hey, what's all this? You people are so noisy. And you got some nerve, coming back without so much as a hello to me! Kapowww!
Narration: *Michiru makes an abrupt, dashing entrance. Just as before, she's fully clad in tsundere armor, her expression cheerful and energetic.*
Makina: Ah, Chiruchiru. Wanna eat some squid?
Michiru: *Om*... Yeah, sure. *Gnaw* *Mnch*
Amane: Michiru... that's...
Yuuji: What a bold spirit... Ignorance is bliss, as they say.
Makina: Here ya go, I got plenny! Eat up, girl, eat up!
Michiru: Nmnm... *Nom* *Nam* *Nom*... What is this, pickled squid? It'sh sour...
Makina: Dunno!
Michiru: *Nm* *Nam*... Oh yeah? Hoohaaaa. That was tasty!
Amane: Mmm... I see Michiru's the same as always.
Michiru: ...That's right. Same as always!
Narration: *In response to Amane's words, Michiru shoots a quick glance in my direction. I'm not sure of the meaning behind this, if there is any.*
Makina: Heeey, Onii-chan! It's been a while since we had some quality time together, right? We're sleepin' in the same bed tonight!
Narration: *Makina leaps in my direction and unabashedly coils herself around my arm. The girl seems to be performing her best impression of a monkey escaped from the zoo.*
Yuuji: Somebody's weirdly brazen today...
Amane: Well, you know, halfway through the trip she started whining about wanting to see you. Guess she was a little lonely after all.
Makina: But fer some super-strange reason, I forgot all about Chiruchiru!
Michiru: ......
Makina: H-Huh? It was just a joke, ya know... Chiruchiru?
Narration: *Michiru bites her lower lip and stares in our direction with a troubled expression on her face.*
Makina: Chiruchiru, I'm talkin' ta you... Hey...
Michiru: ...W-What? Uh, it's nothing! I'm totally normal, okay!?
Narration: *It's clear that Michiru's suddenly lost her composure. She actually seems to be hyperventilating slightly.*
Yuuji: What's wrong, Michiru? Calm yourself.
Michiru: Like I said, nothing's wrong! I'm a perfectly normal tsundere doing run-of-the-mill tsundere stuff. You're getting a little paranoid, you know?
Narration: *Somehow, I'm not convinced. I exchange looks with Amane; she seems equally concerned.*
Amane: Y-Yeah. No problems here. Makina, let's head back to the room and get our luggage put away, okay?
Makina: Whaaat? I want ta savor my reunion wit' Onii-chan a little longer!
Amane: Enough of that. C'mon, hurry up! Here we go.
Narration: *Practically torn off me by Amane, Makina grudgingly sets off toward the dorm.*
Makina: H-Hmmm. Let's play s'more later, then!
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah.
Narration: *As soon as the two are out of sight, Michiru lowers her head to me apologetically.*
Michiru: I'm sorry.
Yuuji: For what?
Michiru: Acting like that. But, uhm, I'm not really... I mean, it's not what you think, okay...?
Michiru: Really, uhm, it isn't. I'm happy when everyone's here... It's lots of fun. But I'm starting to feel a little scared.
Yuuji: Scared? Of what, exactly?
Michiru: Well, like I said before... I start thinking about how we won't be together forever, and it makes me really sad... so I start acting a little weird. I'm sorry.
Narration: *I drop a hand onto Michiru's head and pet her like a cat.*
Yuuji: That's no good. If you're a tsundere, then act like one. You're worrying too much about a lot of things.
Michiru: ...Y-Yeah.
Meowmel: Meow.
Michiru: ...I'll try not to make things too weird.
Yuuji: You do that. There's still plenty of time until graduation, isn't there? No reason to break down now.
Michiru: Yeah, I know...
Meowmel: Mnchmnch. Mnchmnch.
Yuuji: ...It's eating something. On top of your head.
Michiru: Aah, don't worry about that. It's just a biscuit.
Yuuji: I'll admit to being somewhat worried, but I'll do my best to pretend otherwise.
Sachi: Wah, if it isn't Kazami-san and Michiru-sama. Goodness, it's been some time, hasn't it? I, Komine Sachi, have returned to this land once more.
Michiru: Hey there, Sachi. It hasn't been that long, but you've sure gotten... well, not particularly different, actually.
Sachi: Indeed. People don't change quite so easily as that, after all. I'm glad to see that Michiru-sama seems well, but how have you been, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: No problems worth mentioning.
Sachi: Is that so? How very nice. In any case, Kazami-san, I'll be at your side from today forth, so if you find yourself in need of anything just say the word.
Sachi: Ah, of course that goes for you as well, Michiru-sama. Well then, I must attend to my luggage...
Michiru: ...Sachi didn't mean anything weird by that, did she? Still, for some reason, my chest's kinda hurting all of a sudden.
Michiru: When she said that thing about being with you, I got this little stab of pain in my heart. What's with that?
Yuuji: Don't ask me. You'll probably be back to normal soon enough.
Michiru: Oh... Yeah. Yeah, you're right. I'm gonna... go rest in my room for a while. I don't feel that great.
Yumiko: U-Uhm, Matsushima-san...
Michiru: Hm?
Yumiko: Well... I got you souvenirs...
Michiru: Sorry, I'm gonna go lie down for a while. Can we do that tomorrow? Really sorry...
Yumiko: Ah... wait, the pennants...
Yuuji: My apologies, but Michiru seems to be under the weather. Save those for next time, all right?
Yumiko: O-Okay... but the penn... Yeah.
Narration: *With all the students back in the dormitory, our normal lives pick up where they left off two weeks ago. Or so I'd like to say; but just as I'd feared, things don't go quite so smoothly.*
Narration: *When Michiru spends time with the group, she's quiet and gloomy. Even the perpetually oblivious Makina has caught on, leading to tactful comments such as "Yer actin' weird lately, Chiruchiru."*
Narration: *From what Michiru's told me, the source of her distress is her belief that "everything ends eventually." Personally, it strikes me as pointless to worry about such things, but the girl's clearly suffering in her own way.*
Narration: *Our anxieties and fears are personal things. It's impossible for others to ever fully understand them.*
Narration: *As the girl grows increasingly unstable, the "other" Michiru has begun to appear in her place much more frequently. She seems, to put it lightly, somewhat concerned about the situation.*
Date: *August 15, 2011, 09:27 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Yuuji: ...That you, Michiru?
Michiru: Yes, indeed. It is I.
Yuuji: Oh, it's you again? You seem to be appearing a lot recently.
Michiru: What else am I supposed to do? The girl's so frightened she barely even tries to go outside. She's practically turned into a shut-in.
Michiru: I mean, that's no exaggeration. She really does spend most of her time locked up in her room with... that cat... What's it called again?
Yuuji: Meowmel.
Michiru: Right. She does nothing but lie around in her room playing with that animal. It seems like she's trying to avoid you, among other things.
Yuuji: Me? Why would she do that?
Michiru: Oh please, I think you know. The girl's scared of becoming dependent on you. She's keeping her distance out of fear that she'll eventually lose you. Not unusual for an adolescent, but her case is a little extreme.
Yuuji: So is there something I can do about this?
Michiru: Let's see...
Narration: *After briefly thinking it over, she answers in a careful, deliberate tone.*
Michiru: I think it'd be best to take her to a hospital. She's irrationally anxious, and nobody's really capable of comforting her.
Yuuji: Ah. Sounds like a pragmatic approach.
Michiru: Even if you were to vow your eternal love and sign an oath in your own blood, so long as there's no absolute proof that promise is real, that girl won't have peace of mind.
Michiru: That said, we can't exactly spend a few decades waiting for her to believe you'll stay with her forever.
Yuuji: And these days, we have plenty of respectable, competent psychiatrists. I see.
Michiru: Well, yes, although that's not all I had in mind. I want to get her a thorough medical examination. There might be something else that explains this.
Yuuji: Either way, Michiru's not going to like the idea.
Michiru: But what else are we supposed to do?
Meowmel: Meowww.
Narration: *Lured by the sound of our voices, the black cat pops up out of nowhere. But after taking one look at Michiru, it pauses in confusion, then quickly retreats.*
Michiru: For the time being, I have a fairly serious request to make of you...
Narration: *Her face suddenly grave, the girl stares me steadily in the eye.*
Michiru: I want you to keep a careful eye on this girl. Make sure her condition doesn't deteriorate further.
Yuuji: Yeah. I guess that might be warranted at this point.
Narration: *With those words, I turn and leave. The girl's arguments seem reasonable enough, but it's unsettling to take advice from someone I know so little about. Who or what is she, anyway?*
Narration: *I can speculate, but the answer's beyond my grasp. The more I try to fit the pieces together, the more of a scrambled, confusing mess the board becomes.*
Date: *August 15, 2011, 13:12 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *Later that same afternoon, there's a knock at my door.*
Yuuji: It's fine, come in.
Narration: *I wait a few seconds, but the visitor makes no move to enter. I stand and proceed to open the door myself. Unsurprisingly, Michiru's standing on the other side with a dismal look on her face.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? You stopped by for a reason, I assume. How about coming inside?
Michiru: ...Yeah.
Narration: *The girl was barging in without warning only a few days ago, but things have changed. It's as though Michiru walked here through a rain-shower; her shoulders are slumped, and you can practically see the melancholy dripping from her bangs.*
Michiru: *Am* *Am* *Nam*...
Narration: *Retrieving her ramune candies from that shark pouch of hers, she tosses one after another into her mouth. Perhaps the girl's trying to energize her brain with a rush of glucose, but this still seems somewhat excessive.*
Yuuji: You're going to give yourself diabetes. Thin people aren't immune, you know?
Michiru: I am not... It's just a little sugar to help me calm down, okay? Lemme alone.
Narration: *Michiru looks up at me with bloodshot eyes, seemingly waiting for me to say something. Unfortunately, I have no idea what she's expecting.*
Michiru: ...Uhm.
Yuuji: What? If you've got something to say, then spit it out already.
Michiru: W-Want to go on another date?
Narration: *Michiru asks the question with the tentative wariness of a small animal peeking out from behind a tree. I think she may have deliberately framed the question in a way that allows her to pass it off as a joke, depending on my reaction.*
Yuuji: Didn't we talk about this before? That was just a game to kill time, right?
Michiru: ...Y-Yeah, I know. Of course, yeah. But, I mean, it was still fun, right? So maybe...?
Yuuji: Hrm. Think about it, though. If the others notice, they're going to take it the wrong way.
Michiru: Y-Yeah. I guess so, I mean, o-obviously! I was just joking around.
Michiru: But, well, y'know... uhm...
Michiru: Maybe we could just do the kissing part?
Yuuji: ...? What are you saying, woman?
Michiru: G-Gotcha! Like I said, it's a joke! You took it seriously again!? No sense of humor, I swear!
Yuuji: Hard to take it as a joke when you say it with such a desperate look on your face.
Michiru: M-My face wasn't desperate... I'm c-cool and in c-control...
Michiru: Ah. Meowmel, c'mere!
Meowmel: Meowww.
Michiru: Heheh. It's not like I'm lonely or anything, for your information. I'm fine as long as I have Meowmel. So there!
Meowmel: Meowww.
Michiru: Here you go, biscuit time.
Meowmel: Mnchmnch. Mnchmnchmnch.
Narration: *The black cat instantly bites into the doughy cake Michiru offers, not even bothering to smell it first. Foolish little beast. Nothing good can come of allowing yourself to be so thoroughly domesticated.*
Yuuji: Hrm. Well, that works, I guess. They say animal therapy can be surprisingly effective.
Michiru: "Therapy" yourself! I'm perfectly normal, for your information...
Narration: *Michiru turns her back to me and makes to leave the room. But she hesitates in front of the door to mumble one final comment.*
Michiru: Don't... get too friendly with the other girls, all right?
Narration: *I wait for the follow-up, anticipating something along the lines of a "Gotcha." Or perhaps "You took me seriously again? What an idiot!"*
Narration: *But instead Michiru simply opens the door and trudges out.*
Yuuji: ...Things seem to be heading in a problematic direction.
Narration: *As if to illustrate, the gathering rain clouds outside cast my room into grayish gloom. I'm neither a prophet nor a playboy, but I have a strong suspicion that the balance of this claustrophobic shoebox-garden is rapidly breaking down.*

Date: *August 16, 2011, 09:39 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *To fully decipher a story, you need to proceed through it in the proper order. Skipping ahead and learning how things end doesn't mean you understand the substance of the matter.*
Narration: *We have no choice but to patiently absorb the author's words and wait for things to come together. But it can be difficult at times, even for me. I've been known to flip forward a few pages and take a peek.*
Narration: *Once you've read even one line out of order, learned one thing you shouldn't have, it's not possible to wipe your memory clean and return to your previous spot.*
Narration: *No matter what sort of sentence it may be, you have no choice but to accept it. That's the price we pay for our curiosity.*
Michiru: And then Yuuji sez to me, "Hrm. A tragic waste of a croquette."
Makina: Ahahaha. That's pure Onii-chan!
Amane: Ah, that's a good one... Tell me the rest sometime, okay?
Michiru: But of course! Okay, dismissed for today!
Makina: It feels like you've been flippin' back and forth between actin' all weird and bein' super cheerful lately, ya know? But that's our Chiruchiru for ya, I guess.
Michiru: Life's all about tempo! The world runs on excitement! Gotta live on a rhythm. Hehem.
Amane: All right then, Makina, let's go have our snack.
Makina: Snack time! Ooh, I know! Let's go with Giant Chocky today! 
Amane: Yes, yes. I'll buy you some later.
Michiru: ...Haaah.
Yuuji: Nice impersonation. Seems I've become something of a celebrity.
Michiru: Ah, Yuuji-kun. That girl was holding her own until just a moment ago. Right until she noticed you there and withdrew instantly.
Yuuji: You don't say. Is she that angry at me?
Michiru: That's really not it... but she doesn't know how to act when you're around.
Yuuji: So you've been deliberately filling in when she feels like disappearing, then?
Michiru: Well... aah...
Yuuji: What's wrong, Michiru?
Michiru: Sor... get me to my room...
Narration: *Michiru practically collapses into my arms, limp as a rag doll. Fainting in the middle of a conversation? This is a first.*
Yuuji: What the hell is going on with this girl, anyway...?
Narration: *I carry Michiru to her room and lay her down on her bed. Although I expected her to be out for a while, only a few moments pass before she groggily sits up.*
Narration: *It'll probably take a few moments for her to fully regain consciousness, but at least she appears to be all right.*
Narration: *And fortunately, the girl who woke up appears to be the Michiru I know best.*
Yuuji: You all right? Look at the light.
Michiru: Y-Yeah.
Narration: *I check the reaction of her pupils with my penlight, but can't find anything out of the ordinary. Of course, at this point I'm less worried about the girl's physical condition than her psychological state.*
Yuuji: I'm going to be blunt, Michiru. You should go to a hospital. You can't maintain a normal life under these circumstances.
Michiru: ...Yeah.
Yuuji: You know that yourself, don't you?
Michiru: I know. I'm sorry.
Yuuji: That girl said the same thing. It's probably an appropriate step at this point.
Michiru: That girl...? What girl?
Narration: *I curse silently, but it's too late.*
Narration: *Since I wasn't in a position to predict the consequences, I've been careful to avoid directly mentioning the "other girl" to Michiru. But I was distracted by the problem in front of my eyes, and my tongue slipped.*
Narration: *Now that we've reached this point, coming up with some half-assed lie would probably be counterproductive. Instead of trying to bluff, I answer honestly.*
Yuuji: She's... well, I guess she's the other you.
Michiru: The other... me...?
Narration: *Michiru slowly raises a hand in front of her face, then sits there staring blankly into her palm like a wind-up toy that's run out of spring.*
Michiru: A part of me wanted to believe... that it was just like sleepwalking. You know, getting up and drinking a glass of water in the night. I wanted to think I was just doing all this stuff unconsciously.
Michiru: But I knew all along that wasn't it. After a certain point, she started... coming out every once in a while. It's clearly a different person, right?
Yuuji: That's right. There's definitely someone else entirely inside you.
Michiru: ...I see. Yeah... Yeah, you're right. I know you're right.
Michiru: Yuuji, you've talked with her?
Yuuji: Yes, we've had several conversations.
Michiru: Several? Or many?
Yuuji: ...Many, I guess. To be accurate, I've been talking with her pretty frequently these last few days. I'd really appreciate a straight answer, Michiru. Who is she?
Michiru: I... don't know that any more than you do.
Narration: *I have the distinct sense that Michiru's hiding something, but there's clearly no point pursuing the topic further right now. I offer a quiet nod instead.*
Yuuji: The girl seems to know you very well. Down to the last little detail. You'd almost think she was standing over your bed and watching you sleep.
Yuuji: But in comparison, you don't know anything about her?
Michiru: Yeah... I mean, I don't remember anything that happens while I'm out, so I don't know much about that girl...
Yuuji: Hrm, guess there's nothing we can do about that. In any case, she said it would be wise to get you to a hospital and―
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji.
Narration: *Michiru interrupts me in mid-sentence. I answer with a curt "Yes?"*
Michiru: What kind of girl is she?
Yuuji: What kind...? Sorry, what are you asking?
Michiru: How does the "other me" speak? How does she think? How does she act? I want to hear what you have to say about her, Yuuji.
Narration: *A problematically broad question, but I decide to offer my honest impressions as they come to me.*
Yuuji: The other you is sociable and proactive, even aggressive. The girl makes sure her opinions are known. That said, she refuses to talk about herself, so I can't say much more.
Yuuji: What I do know is that she seems to be a frank, no-nonsense person.
Michiru: Okay, yeah. And? What else?
Narration: *Michiru pesters me for more with the expectant eyes of a child demanding another chapter from a picture book.*
Yuuji: The girl sometimes takes eccentric actions, but she makes sure to handle the consequences herself. Seems to prefer clear-cut lines of responsibility.
Yuuji: She's unpolished in some respects, but on the whole I think it's fair to say she handles herself well.
Yuuji: In particular, she commits herself respectably with our classmates while you're out. To the degree that nobody realizes it's not the "real Michiru," at least.
Michiru: Oh. So that was her after all...? And she... isn't a bad person, right? From what you've seen of her.
Yuuji: Not sure what standard you want me to judge her against, but I don't think she's a heartless sociopath. That said, I know very little about what she's really thinking.
Michiru: If she's that much better at everything than I am, maybe she should just take over my life full-time...
Yuuji: Hold on. We shouldn't even be thinking about anything like that. If this is some sort of illness, we need a qualified doctor to call the shots.
Narration: *Although I keep it to myself, a certain proverb does occur to me.*
Narration: *"Two kings can't live in one country."*
Michiru: Hmmm. It's all so complicated... I don't really know what I should do.
Narration: *But for some reason, there's an oddly relieved smile on Michiru's face. It's the expression of someone who had a wad of gum cleanly peel off the bottom of their shoe by pure chance.*
Michiru: Different question... Yuuji, do you like that girl?
Yuuji: If you're asking whether I feel animosity toward her, then―
Michiru: No, that's not what I'm talking about. Do you like her as a girl?
Yuuji: Difficult to answer. I haven't been looking at her in that way.
Michiru: Okay, I'll make it simpler. If that girl kissed you, would you hate it? That's what I'm asking.
Yuuji: I wouldn't shove her away. But that's about all I can say.
Narration: *I recall my first definite encounter with the girl in question, when she did in fact abruptly kiss me. She justified it as the curiosity of someone without romantic experience, but in retrospect that seems a strange excuse.*
Michiru: I see, I see. So in other words, you wouldn't hate it.
Yuuji: Hold on, Michiru. Is there some point to these questions?
Michiru: ...Hm? Wait a second. Yuuji, you said... I kissed you first, right? Hey, uh, was that the other me? You kissed her?
Narration: *The girl's normally about as sharp as a pile of bricks, but she hones right in on the problematic points. What a pain...*
Yuuji: That's right, I suppose we might have kissed. Wasn't on my initiative, though. The girl suddenly pushed her lips on me.
Michiru: No kidding... So what I thought was my "first kiss" wasn't, really...
Narration: *Michiru slowly traces her mouth with a fingertip as she speaks. Probably doesn't even realize she's doing it.*
Narration: *As her finger passes back and forth along her lips, her previously clear face begins to cloud over. A deep wrinkle forms in the middle of her forehead, resembling the footprint of a bird in fresh snow.*
Michiru: When I was depressed that one time, you came to comfort me. But you said I "told you to come."
Michiru: Was that the same deal? Something else the other me asked you to do?
Yuuji: That's right, it was.
Michiru: Hrm, so that's it. Talk about embarrassing. I kinda wondered if it might be something like that... but I guess I was too happy about you coming to cheer me up to worry about it.
Michiru: Ah... hey, what about the dates? When you agreed to date... to pretend-date me. Was that...?
Yuuji: I agreed because the idea of playing house with you didn't strike me as objectionable.
Michiru: ...Oh.
Yuuji: But to be fair, the girl had asked me to date you beforehand.
Michiru: ...Oh.
Yuuji: I don't want you to misunderstand what I just said, so I'll clarify. I didn't play house with you because that girl told me to. It was entirely my decision.
Michiru: I still don't get it... I mean, that girl told you to, right? I don't understand any of this. Why did she even ask you to date me in the first place?
Yuuji: She claimed to be asking because you'd fallen in love with me.
Michiru: Uwah. That's, uh, incredibly embarrassing... Eeegh, does that mean all of my feelings go straight to that girl?
Yuuji: It's just what she said to me. Your feelings are something only you understand for sure.
Michiru: ...Well, yeah. But, I mean, I really do love you, Yuuji.
Narration: *I try to answer "I see," but the words don't manage to escape my suddenly hoarse throat.*
Michiru: Aarrghh! I'm gonna go nuts... I mean, that means she must be listening to this conversation too, right?
Michiru: And that girl gets along with people better than me... She can have real conversations with you... She was even brave enough to kiss you.
Michiru: I can't compete with a girl like that...
Narration: *Michiru seems ready to cry at any moment. I head to the sink, fill a glass with water, and quietly hand it to her. She accepts it with a muted "thank you," but doesn't drink.*
Michiru: There might not have been much of a point to everything I've been doing all this time, huh? Y'know, like I said before... I wake up, and all of a sudden my life's going better.
Michiru: That's all because of stuff she's doing, right? In that case, what's the point of me even being here? If she's that much better than me, why do I even exist?
Narration: *At the end of this long cascade of words, Michiru heaves a brief, heavy sigh, as if reaching a command to "breathe" in some invisible musical score.*
Michiru: You know, Yuuji, I was really happy that I got to date you... and I thought that kiss was my first, too. But I had it all wrong, I guess. Kind of look like an idiot now, don't I?
Yuuji: Not from where I'm standing. Don't worry about it.
Michiru: Of course I'm worried. Unbelievably worried... I don't even know what to do.
Narration: *The black cat wanders in through the door and twines around Michiru's lower legs, but her expression remains stiff.*
Michiru: Even when I met Meowmel for the first time, or when I discovered that place I love so much... it's not like I found them on my own. She led me to them, didn't she?
Michiru: I can't do anything, can I? I give up...
Michiru: Sorry, Meowmel, I can't do this right now. I just... give up...
Michiru: Leave me alone, Meowmel...
Narration: *The cat rubs up against Michiru's feet persistently before finally realizing she won't be dispensing the attention it's looking for. It leaves the room in evident disappointment.*
Narration: *It's almost like watching a shadow with its own will break free of Michiru's body and escape.*
Michiru: Sorry, Yuuji. I really do want to be alone for a while.
Michiru: I never really liked "her," you know? But right now, I don't even know what to think anymore...
Narration: *After silently patting Michiru's head a few times, I obediently leave her room.*
Narration: *It's raining outside. Not entirely sure when it started, but our surroundings are already thoroughly damp, chill, and gray.*
Narration: *The black cat dashes off somewhere through the cold rain, casting a long, narrow shadow behind it.*
Narration: *I try to call its name, but it's as though my throat has grown rusted. My voice is wiped out by the sound of the falling raindrops.*

Date: *August 16, 2011, 12:52 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *I'd expected the rain to linger, but it vanishes with surprising swiftness. Before I know it, the sound of raindrops against the window disappears, and the cicadas emerge from their hiding places to join in a vigorous chorus of chirps.*
Narration: *The sunlight streaming in from the window is so bright, it almost feels like the dismal little scene in Michiru's room was all an illusion. As the air grows thick with humidity, I rest my hands on the damp desk and settle my breathing.*
Narration: *The world, previously dark as night, has at least regained its luster. I can only hope the change in weather rallies Michiru's spirits a little.*
Yuuji: All right then.
Narration: *With those words, I push myself up off the desk. At times, it can be easiest to postpone the planning phase until after you've started moving.*
Narration: *My head feels strangely heavy on my shoulders; my thoughts are sluggish and vague. Unless I verbally spur myself on, I don't think I'll manage to take even the first step forward.*
Yuuji: All right then. What next?
Narration: *I speak again, trying to get into gear, but my wheels can't find any traction. Well, sometimes it doesn't come easy.*
Yuuji: Well, sometimes it doesn't come easy.
Narration: *I continue speaking my thoughts aloud, but my strangely flat words evaporate into the muggy air. Seems like this technique just isn't going to work today.*
Narration: *But fortunately, the deadlock's broken from the other side. I stand and quietly open the door.*
Narration: *Michiru stands outside my room with a face full of regret and anxiety; eyes darting back and forth, she plays with the hem of her skirt. The girl clearly hasn't calmed down yet.*
Narration: *Judging from those terribly bloodshot eyes, she was probably crying in her room until not so long ago.*
Michiru: I'm sorry.
Narration: *Michiru's just full of apologies lately. At this point it's no longer clear what she's even "sorry" for. They're meaningless words - filler for when she doesn't know what else to say.*
Yuuji: You don't need to apologize. Want to come in?
Michiru: No, that's okay. But I don't really know what to do next...
Yuuji: I see. I'm not irresponsible enough to tell you "it's not a problem," let alone "don't worry about it," but right now you're too upset to think. Maybe you should pet that cat for a while until you feel a little better.
Michiru: Yeah... you're right. I was thinking the same thing. Did Meowmel come to your room, Yuuji?
Yuuji: No, he's not in here. I saw him heading out of the school a little while ago.
Michiru: Oh. Then maybe he's there... Okay, I'm gonna go look for Meowmel.
Narration: *Michiru sets off down the hallway, presumably intending to head for the usual high ridge. But after only a few steps, she loses her balance and has to steady herself against the wall.*
Yuuji: Maybe you should get a little rest first?
Michiru: No. I mean... I was mean to Meowmel before, so I've got to apologize right away. I'll give him some of these.
Narration: *Michiru holds out her hand to show me a small plastic bag, full of biscuits in the shape of various animals.*
Michiru: I've been saving these for when he's a good boy, see? Don't worry, they're made for cats. But it hurts their tummies when you give them too much at once, so only one at a time.
Narration: *The girl forces a strained, quavery smile onto her face. In combination with her swollen, red eyes, the effect is downright pitiful.*
Yuuji: I see. By which you presumably mean "I just bought too many. You can have one, but that's it!"
Michiru: Huh? Ah, yeah. Right... I'm a tsundere, after all. Gotta say it like that. Heheh.
Yuuji: Either way, I'll come too. I can't leave you alone in this condition.
Michiru: Really? That makes me kind of happy... Is this a... date, maybe?
Yuuji: Hrm. I think the term "search and rescue operation" is more appropriate.
Michiru: Huh? So it's not a date after all? Okay...
Yuuji: I decided to come along entirely on my own. Nobody else played any role. Is that not enough for you?
Michiru: No, that works. Let's go.
Narration: *Michiru reaches down and grasps my hand. Since there's no particular reason to shake her off, I squeeze back with a moderate amount of force.*
Yuuji: But what do you plan to do if someone sees us like this? Won't your tsundere reputation be ruined?
Michiru: It's fine. I'll just say you started following me around on your own.
Yuuji: Now you're going to make me into a stalker? You really are nothing but trouble, princess.
Michiru: Ehehe.
Michiru: Meowmel... Meowmelll...
Narration: *Looking around the area restlessly, Michiru calls out the cat's name again and again. Probably wasted effort. I think I'd be able to sense his presence if he was hiding around here.*
Yuuji: I saw him running toward the road, so he probably left the premises for a while. Maybe he's still outside the campus?
Michiru: I wonder if he was shocked because I was so mean to him... Hey, Yuuji, what if Meowmel won't forgive me?
Yuuji: Won't forgive you? Give him a little food and he'll forget it ever happened. It's just a cat, you know?
Michiru: Do you have to put it like that...? So mean.
Michiru: Hmmmm, he isn't here after all...
Yuuji: You have a place in mind, right? No need to be so uneasy.
Michiru: Y-Yeah... 
Narration: *After a slow walk along the seaside road, we finally approach the usual spot. Michiru's not in great shape; she had to squat down and catch her breath several times. But she's refused to take a longer break...*
Michiru: Not now. I wanna see Meowmel right away...
Narration: *Large puddles of water sit on the surface of the road, beautifully reflecting the blue sky above. Apparently trying not to disturb their brilliance, Michiru carefully steps around them as she walks.*
Narration: *Even as I'm watching the girl hop around like an unusually dejected rabbit, my mind is somewhere else entirely. A certain unpleasant premonition has begun to take root inside me.*
Narration: *At times like these, my animal instinct is vexingly accurate.*
Michiru: Huh? Looks like he isn't around. But he's always here... Meowmel! Meowmelll!!
Narration: *Michiru frantically searches places where a cat might be hiding, but there's no familiar meow to greet her. The still-damp grass leaves her clothes slightly wet.*
Yuuji: Michiru, don't get too flustered even if he isn't here. Probably just hanging around somewhere else for the moment. There's no cause for alarm.
Michiru: B-But Meowmel's always in my room or here... This has never happened before...
Yuuji: Only your room and here? That's more unusual than him going missing. We're dealing with a stray cat. Surely it has other haunts.
Michiru: He's not a stray cat. He's Meowmel...
Yuuji: ...Hrm.
Michiru: Okay, maybe he's just gone somewhere else today... Yuuji, you go back to the dorm. I'm gonna look for him.
Yuuji: Look for him where?
Michiru: Everywhere. Anywhere he might be.
Yuuji: Again with the crazy talk...
Michiru: Meowmel!?
Narration: *A light brown cat spotted with white emerges from a nearby clump of bushes. Michiru heaves a heavy sigh, then crouches down and talks to it.*
Michiru: Sorry, we're looking for someone else. Do you know Meowmel? The black cat?
Cat: Meoww, Meowww.
Narration: *The stray cat seems to be primarily interested in the biscuits Michiru's holding. Probably emerged after hearing the plastic bag rustling.*
Michiru: Sorry, I can't give these to you... but I guess just one's okay. Here you go, eat up.
Michiru: Let me know if you see Meowmel somewhere, okay?
Cat: Mrrrooow.
Yuuji: He might've just wandered back into the dorm on his own by now. Let's get going.
Michiru: Yeah, okay...
Narration: *Michiru trudges along, clearly discouraged. The sun's just now straight overhead, ruthlessly bathing us in midsummer heat.*
Michiru: I wonder where Meowmel went...
Yuuji: What's the point of speculating? It's completely natural for cats to wander off. He'll come back once he gets hungry.
Michiru: So that means he ran away from home because of me, right? I don't like that... I don't like that at all...
Michiru: ...I mean... a lot of big cars pass by here, right...? Maybe...
Yuuji: Don't get caught up in what-ifs. In the first place―
Narration: *All of a sudden, Michiru drops her plastic bag of biscuits onto the road. I pick it up and hold it out to her, but the girl shows no sign of reaching out to take it.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Tired from the walk? I don't mind carrying you on my back, if you want.
Michiru: ...T-T-That... is that... Meowmel?
Narration: *Michiru slowly raises a finger to point far down the path. On the side of the asphalt roadway, there's a small black lump like a spot of spilled ink.*
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji! Is that Meowmel lying there? Isn't that Meowmel!?
Yuuji: ...I can't say from this distance. I'll take a look, so you stay here. Understand? Don't move an inch.
Michiru: Huh? Wait, Yuuji...
Narration: *The black lump's lying about 100 meters ahead. It must have tumbled along the road for a decent distance after the impact; there's a visible bloody trail leading to the small body.*
Yuuji: This is awful. Still breathing, but it's a matter of time...
Narration: *The black object before my eyes is without a doubt an unfortunate feline that was hit by a car.*
Narration: *But I can't determine whether it's Michiru's pet, or simply a stray that bears a strong resemblance to it.*
Narration: *...No, if I take the time to observe it calmly I should be able to tell. But for now, I put that off.*
Michiru: Meowmel...? 
Yuuji: I told you to wait, damn it! Why didn't you listen?
Narration: *Ignoring my words completely, the girl approaches on trembling legs.*
Michiru: Yuuji, that's Meowmel, isn't it...? Meowmel, is that you!?
Narration: *Michiru's expression instantly crumples with despair. Her eyes are already full of tears. I briefly hesitate, uncertain how to explain the reality before us.*
Meowmel: Meow...
Narration: *The cat responds to Michiru's call with a feeble croak. It's unmistakably that familiar meow.*
Michiru: Nooooooooo! What do we do!? Yuuji, what do we do!? Meowmel's bleeding! Meowmel!
Yuuji: Calm down. Panicking isn't going to help anything... I'll take a look.
Narration: *I examine the cat where it lies limply on the road. There's bleeding from the mouth and ears, but the external wounds don't appear that severe.*
Narration: *When I feel gently around the stomach area, I can feel the broken bones and ruptured viscera on the other side. The animal suffered serious internal damage from the impact.*
Narration: *It's almost like squeezing a rubber bag packed full of ice cubes. I have the unpleasant feeling that his organs aren't where they used to be.*
Narration: *Small, bright red pools of blood have formed the edge of the cat's eyes. When I pet his head, the animal blinks, sending them flowing down his face like tears.*
Narration: *He'd been avoiding me all this time, but this wasn't exactly how I'd pictured our reconciliation.*
Michiru: Hey, is he all right? Is Meowmel gonna be all right?
Yuuji: ...He won't make it if we leave him like this. We need to get him to a vet, and soon.
Michiru: Won't make it!? You mean he's going to die!? Meowmel's going to die!? Don't... don't say that!
Yuuji: Tell me if you see a car approaching, all right? I'll stop them.
Michiru: Ah, it's a taxi! Wait, please! Please stop!
Yuuji: Hey, watch it! You trying to get yourself killed!?
Narration: *As Michiru dashes out into the middle of the road, the driver screeches to a halt, then rolls down his window to shout angrily. I come running after and put both hands on the hood of his taxi.*
Yuuji: I'm sorry about my friend, but please hear us out. This is an emergency. Can you get us to a veterinarian quickly? We don't have time to argue, all right?
Narration: *In response to my forceful bluster, the apparently soft-hearted driver nods quietly.*
Narration: *When I turn back, Michiru's already carrying the limp black cat in her arms. Its limbs lie bent in strange directions; from a distance, it almost looks as though she's cradling a small bundle of withered branches.*
Yuuji: Get in, Michiru. And keep calm.
Michiru: I-Is he gonna be all right? Meowmel's gonna be all right, isn't he?
Yuuji: I don't know. Let's focus on getting him to a veterinarian. That's the most we can do for...
Yuuji: ...Meowmel... right now.
Michiru: I'm sorry, Meowmel. I'm so sorry. It's because I was mean to you, right? That's why you ran away from home... I'm really, really sorry.
Meowmel: ..................
Narration: *Inside Michiru's arms, Meowmel draws ragged, shallow breaths, trembling slightly.*
Michiru: This happened because of me... I'm sorry, Meowmel. I'm so sorry...
Yuuji: This isn't your fault. It was an accident. Apologizing isn't going to change anything.
Michiru: But if I'd just given him a little attention back then, I wouldn't be feeling like this right now. We could have stayed together much, much longer...
Narration: *Large teardrops tumble down Michiru's cheeks and fall onto Meowmel's face. The cat, lying there like a tattered old carpet, is slowly covered in a mixture of tears and blood.*
Michiru: I know, Yuuji... I bet he'll get better if he eats a biscuit. Meowmel loves those things, you know? C'mon, lemme have that...
Narration: *Michiru seizes the bag of treats from my hands, then breaks one up and places a tiny piece on the tip of her index finger.*
Michiru: Here you go. You loved these ones, right? Eat up. Please... Please eat it...
Narration: *Meowmel tentatively sticks out his tongue and licks Michiru's finger several times. The fragment of biscuit on her finger quickly grows sticky and red with his blood.*
Michiru: See, Yuuji? Meowmel's eating it, right? He'll get better, right? He's gonna get better now, right?
Narration: *Distorting the truth would be easy enough. But what's the point? My lies can't dull her pain, much less save that cat. I offer them both a sincere answer.*
Yuuji: ...Hug him, Michiru. That's the only thing you can do right now.
Michiru: Why are you talking like that, Yuuji? Like he won't make it? Meowmel's getting much better already, see? Look, see? His eyes are shining...
Narration: *Meowmel begins to cough weakly, trying to spit out the saliva and blood pooling in his tiny mouth. But the light's gradually fading from his eyes.*
Michiru: Meowmel...
Narration: *As Michiru strokes the cat, hair falls out in bloody clumps and sticks to the seat of the car. The driver glances tentatively back at us through the rear-view mirror.*
Yuuji: Don't worry, I'll pay your cleaning bill.
Narration: *I reach out and gently rest a hand on Meowmel's body. His convulsions don't seem to be getting any better. There's no longer any room for wishful thinking. It won't be long now.*
Michiru: Meowmel... Meowmel... please don't go... Don't leave me...
Meowmel: ......
Narration: *With one final, soft purr, Meowmel extends his forelegs straight out as if to pester his mother for milk. And just like that, he quietly breathes his last.*
Michiru: Nooooooooooooooooo!
Narration: *Michiru must have felt the very instant that tiny life disappeared inside her arms. Trembling violently, she looks over at me with pleading eyes.*
Narration: *I shake my head slowly, but she nonetheless presses her lips against the cat's bloodstained mouth and tries artificial respiration. It doesn't go well. In the end, she hangs her head and breaks into hysterical sobs.*
Michiru: Uwaaahaa... aaaah... aaaaaah... *Sob*... aah...
Narration: *Some people would probably say "It's only a cat." Or maybe "How much can a relationship that only lasted a few weeks really mean?"*
Narration: *But there's no denying the fact that this cat was an irreplaceable friend to Michiru.*
Narration: *A beloved companion was just taken from her in the most meaningless, arbitrary way possible. Right before her eyes.*
Narration: *There's not even anyone to blame. No story to explain it, to enable acceptance. Death abruptly wandered by and snatched him away for no reason at all.*
Michiru: ............
Yuuji: Sorry, but please change the destination to Mihama Academy. We don't have any reason to visit the veterinarian anymore.
Narration: *When I inform the driver of the situation, Michiru objects in a choked voice.*
Michiru: Why not? They might be able to save him...
Yuuji: That's not possible anymore. You know it isn't. Accept reality.
Michiru: But...
Yuuji: I understand that you don't want to believe it, but there's nothing we can do.
Michiru: How can you be so calm, Yuuji? I can't... take this...
Michiru: If I wasn't myself, would Meowmel have lived? If the other me... if that girl had been there instead, would we still be happy now?
Yuuji: What use is there in talking about that? You're you, and she has nothing to do with this.
Yuuji: We're getting out. Let me have the cat. I'll take care of it.
Michiru: "Take care of it?" Don't talk like that! This is Meowmel, you know? We named him together, remember?
Yuuji: I know. Look, just get out of the car, all right? This isn't the time to throw a tantrum.
Michiru: How can you be... Why are you so calm? Wasn't Meowmel important to you, Yuuji? Huh? Why!?
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: It's because I gave him a name, isn't it? I shouldn't have done that after all. I never should've let him be my friend! I can't... I can't take this anymore!
Michiru: It's too sad! It hurts too much! No matter how much you care, no matter how much you smile, there's nothing but "goodbye" at the end! It's... too cruel!
Narration: *I grab Michiru by the wrist and forcibly yank her along―*
Yuuji: Shut up.
Narration: *Then embrace her forcefully.*
Narration: *I hug Michiru's slender body against mine so strongly that it feels like I might break her.*
Yuuji: This is painful for me too.
Narration: *At those words, Michiru buries her face against my chest and begins sobbing convulsively.*
Yuuji: Meowmel dying is a sad, terrible thing. For both of us. But you need to stop drawing connections that aren't there.
Yuuji: The cat's death had nothing to do with anything else. And you sure as hell weren't at fault. This was an accident.
Michiru: ...B-But...
Yuuji: I've been through something very similar myself. I know how it feels, all right? But there's no point in just breaking down. Do what you have to first... If you're going to cry, then do it afterward.
Michiru: ...But I don't know. I don't know what I'm supposed to do!
Yuuji: Then think. Don't run away.
Narration: *I attempt to pay the cabbie, but he drives off without accepting a dime.*
Narration: *Probably wanted to bid the quickest possible farewell to his eerie clients and their bloodstained cat corpse.*
Michiru: You're strong, Yuuji. And smart, too... so you can say things like that. But I'm stupid. Even when I do think, I don't get anywhere.
Narration: *Michiru hugs the cat's body tightly, showing no intention of letting go any time soon. She seems to have accepted the reality of its death, but clearly has no idea how to cope with it.*
Yuuji: That's not a stuffed animal in your arms. You can't hold onto it forever.
Michiru: I know...
Yuuji: Let me take the cat. I won't treat him badly.
Michiru: ......
Narration: *After a long internal debate, Michiru finally hands me the cat. Thanks to the summer heat, fluid has already begun to ooze out of its anus; the girl's clothes are soiled. Even so, she pets his head numerous times, clearly reluctant to part.*
Michiru: Meow...mel.
Narration: *I decide it's probably best to let her be alone for a while. After respectfully dealing with the cat's body, I return to my room and take a shower.*
Narration: *―The cat died.*
Narration: *From an objective point of view, "a stray cat was hit by a car." Nothing more, nothing less.*
Narration: *In the animal shelters, abandoned pets and feral strays are disposed of in the tens of thousands every year. To the world at large, the death of that cat is essentially meaningless.*
Narration: *But a precious fragment of Michiru's world was stolen away before her very eyes. From that perspective, we're clearly facing a gravely serious situation.*
Date: *August 16, 2011 15:48 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Narration: *I gave Michiru a little time to herself. She may have managed to calm down a bit by now. I head to the girl's room to check up on her.*
Yuuji: It's me. I'm coming in.
Narration: *There's no answer. I open the door immediately, but pause for a moment before entering as if expecting the cat to suddenly poke his head into the gap. This despite the fact that I disposed of his body only a few minutes ago. Ridiculous.*
Yuuji: Again with the darkness...? Let's start by making things a little less―
Narration: *Halfway through the sentence, my breath catches in my throat. Michiru's crumpled awkwardly on the floor, almost as if she's fallen out of the bed. There's a fine white froth around her mouth.*
Narration: *Numerous containers of ramune candy lie scattered on the ground around her. I'd been slightly suspicious about these for some time now, but it's now obvious they're in fact some kind of medication.*
Yuuji: An overdose, is it? Lovely...
Narration: *I grab one of the lozenges from the floor and pop it in my mouth. The medicine quickly dissolves when I chew, leaving a powdery substance. I immediately spit it out and wipe my tongue with a sleeve.*
Narration: *I'd thought it vaguely resembled a tranquilizer I've seen before. Seems I was correct.*
Narration: *Not a particularly strong drug, but that doesn't make an overdose any less dangerous.*
Yuuji: Michiru, open your mouth.
Narration: *I push Michiru up to a sitting position and wrench open her mouth with my fingers, pulling out a thick, gooey lump of half-melted lozenges.*
Narration: *At least she took the medicine straight. If she'd crushed the pills and mixed them into yogurt, or swallowed them down with alcohol, this could have been a lot worse than it was.*
Michiru: Aaah... aaaah... Yuu... ji... sh... to...
Yuuji: Pipe down. Getting your stomach pumped hurts like hell, you know? Let's try and deal with this here.
Michiru: Uugh, bleeeeh... haaah.
Narration: *The area around her mouth coated with sticky saliva, Michiru breaks down in tears.*
Michiru: Uuuu, uuu, uugh, uuuu... uuugh.
Yuuji: You did a stupid damn thing just now. Expect a proper scolding later. There's no need to try and bear everything all by yourself, understood? I'm here.
Michiru: Y-Yuu...ji...
Yuuji: Sorry, Chizuru.
Principal: Yes, you should be. We somehow managed to handle this particular incident internally, but this is a very serious problem.
Yuuji: I'm aware. I'll repay you for this soon.
Principal: *Sigh*... That's not what I was trying to... Mmm.
Principal: ...Don't think I'm going to bail you out again.
Yuuji: It's all right, Michiru. You can sleep a little longer...
Narration: *―I was deep in a dream. A peaceful dream, free of troubles. I no longer even wanted to go back to the world I'd left behind.*
Narration: *But I knew that I would wake up soon enough. And so, I was afraid. More than anything else, I was terribly, terribly afraid.*

Date: *August 20, 2011, 08:32 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *Maybe she just wanted to avert her eyes from reality for a brief moment. Maybe she wanted to make a permanent escape from this claustrophobic box. Nobody knows Michiru's reasons for taking such a dangerous amount of medication.*
Narration: *I can speculate endlessly, but it won't get me any closer to a definitive answer. It might even be that the girl herself has no real explanation.*
Narration: *Impulsively overdosing on pills isn't going to change the world around you. Nearly killing yourself won't transform reality; your pain won't make time run backward. That's what it means to live in this world.*
Narration: *Chizuru told our classmates that Michiru had collapsed from anemia. Letting them know about a "suicide attempt" would without a doubt have created a counterproductive uproar.*
Narration: *At this rate, the girl's going to end up shifting from a pseudo-tsundere to a sickly character...*
Michiru: Ah. Morning...
Yuuji: Morning. How are you feeling?
Michiru: I'm fine. No problems.
Narration: *After a few days of rest, Michiru's returned to her normal routine. At a glance, it's hard to believe she might have deliberately attempted to end her own life.*
Narration: *The others were fairly worried, but when Michiru brought out the normal tsundere song and dance they apparently decided she was completely back to normal.*
Narration: *But I think otherwise. The girl's absolutely not the same. If anything, she seems like an entirely different person.*
Narration: *To be perfectly frank, she looks like a lifeless doll acting out a fictional character.*
Michiru: What? Don't stare at me like that, all right?
Yuuji: Right. Sorry.
Michiru: ...By the way, I found a compromise.
Narration: *But today, Michiru strikes up a conversation from her end. After the incident, we've had only the briefest of interactions, so this comes as something of a surprise.*
Yuuji: Oh? What kind of compromise?
Michiru: I made up my mind. I don't need to be happy. I'll just keep breathing and forget about the rest. Stop hoping. That should fix everything, right?
Yuuji: That doesn't strike me as much of a solution. It's like closing your eyes and covering your ears when the debt collector knocks on your door. Who's going to pay the bill in your place?
Michiru: It's not like that. Anyway, I don't need anything anymore, okay? You're free, Yuuji.
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
Michiru: It means you don't have to worry about me anymore. No need to babysit me from now on. The nuisance is officially off your hands. Good news, right?
Yuuji: I don't remember changing your diapers. And if I thought you were a nuisance, I'd say so. What are you even talking about, woman?
Michiru: It's okay, I understand how it really is. So you don't need to... be nice to me like that, all right?
Sachi: Kazami-san, Michiru-sama, good morning to you both. 
Narration: *When Sachi appears, Michiru abruptly changes her expression and hurls out an energetic greeting.*
Michiru: Oh, if it isn't Sachi! Looks like you're in maximum mega-maid mode again today, eh!?
Sachi: But of course. I'm everyone's maid, after all. And yourself? Are we in maximum mega-tsundere mode this morning? 
Michiru: That should go without saying! Hmph, not that it goes without saying or anything! 
Sachi: Oh me, oh my. As always, your tsundere-sense is truly stupefying. Teheheh.
Michiru: I know, right? Well, no need to flatter me so much. Teheheh.
Yuuji: Uh, was that really flattery?
Sachi: Rather than flattery, perhaps you could describe it as a status report? At the very least, it wasn't an insult.
Michiru: See, Yuuji? She's not insulting me. In other words, she's complimen...
Sachi: Michiru-sama? Are you all right?
Michiru: ...ting me, right? ...Huh, what do you mean? I'm fine.
Sachi: Your complexion seems rather pale. Is it your anemia again? Your lips are purple as those of a child emerging from the pool on a cold day.
Michiru: Heheh, I'm f-fine. Nothing serious. I've been getting by on nothing but vitamins lately, you know? Guess I slipped up and forgot about my iron!
Sachi: Shall I fetch you some liver later?
Michiru: Yeah, sure, when you get the chance.
Sachi: But of course. Well then, please excuse me. 
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, try not to push yourself.
Michiru: I-I'm not really pushing myself, but... yeah, I guess I'll go take a little nap.
Yuuji: I think that would be wise.
Narration: *Michiru shuts herself up in her room for several hours, only emerging that evening. Her face is slightly less pallid, but she's still carrying herself a little oddly.*
Yuuji: Hey. Managed to calm down a litle?
Michiru: Ah. Y-Yeah. I was calm from the start, for your information... I mean...
Makina: Oniiii-chaaaan!
Makina: Ah, Chiruchiru! Hm? Why are ya wearin' yer uniform? It's summer vacation, ya know?
Narration: *Michiru starts in surprise at Makina's words. Seems to have only just realized that her choice of clothes is somewhat unusual for this time of year.*
Narration: *I'd made a tactful decision to not comment on the matter, but Makina's a free spirit, unbound by such concerns.*
Narration: *Michiru may be making a decent effort to hide it, but she's in a disturbed, unstable frame of mind. The girl pretty clearly isn't capable of paying attention to her clothing right now.*
Michiru: Huh? W-Well, I... c'mon, you're wearing yours too, Makina!
Makina: Sometimes I wear mine even when there ain't school. That's jus' how I roll.
Michiru: Well, it's how I roll too! So there!
Amane: Okay, you two, let's not fight. So how's it going, Michiru? You feeling okay?
Michiru: But of course! I'm just coming back from a triathlon, actually.
Amane: T-That's a joke, right? Why would you enter an iron-man race right after being sick...?
Michiru: A gesture to my concerned public. Got to show you people that Michiru-sama's going strong!
Makina: Oh, I gotcha. Just fer future reference, that's stupid. Hey, Onii-chan, let's go play shadow tag outside! The weather's perfect, ya know? It's a shadow-orgy out there!
Amane: This girl's been going on and on about wanting to play with you, Yuuji.
Amane: She even started "practicing" by herself... running around doing this bizarre "shadow-shadow tag" thing. You know, like shadow boxing, I guess? Except not.
Makina: That's right. I've been trainin' up by shadowin' a shadow's shadow... Aaah, it's like the words are playing with me... Such lin-guis-tickle mayhem...
Yuuji: I see. Well, I wouldn't really mind, but...
Narration: *Before answering, I glance at Michiru out of the corner of my eye. There's a clearly unhappy expression on her face, and she's restlessly grinding her foot against the floor.*
Narration: *Considering that tough act this afternoon about "setting me free" or whatever, she looks distinctly jealous over me holding a mere conversation with Makina.*
Yuuji: All right, I'll play once you become a true expert at tagging shadows. Until then, content yourself with your image training.
Makina: Huhhh!? What a meanie! But I accept yer challenge. I'll tax my imagination to th' utmost and shadow-battle the shadows! Tag, tag. Agh! I got so focused that I'm actually seein' my shadowy foe!
Yuuji: I'm pretty sure that's just your shadow.
Makina: Ah, right! This is just a normal shadow! Phew, that was close. Nearly had me goin' there!
Michiru: Uhm, I'm gonna just... take a nap in that empty room for a while.
Amane: Ah... are you feeling sick again? Is everything okay?
Michiru: Hmph, I'm fine. Rust assured!
Amane: ...Wasn't your pronunciation a little weird there? Rust?
Michiru: Huh? Rust...? Okay, bye!
Yumiko: Ah, Matsushima-san. I wasn't able to give you these last time, but I brought back six...
Michiru: Sorry, Yumiko, let's talk about it later.
Yumiko: Ah, the penna... *Sniffle*
Amane: Hmmmm, Michiru doesn't seem to be fully recovered, does she? Hey, Yuuji, maybe somebody should go check up on her?
Yuuji: Yeah, I was just thinking the same thing. I'll go.
Yuuji: Michiru, you all right? Answer me.
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: Hrm, you don't look so hot after all. Michiru, let's―
Michiru: C-Come here for a sec...!
Narration: *Michiru grabs my wrist and unceremoniously drags me into the unoccupied room.*

Narration: *Before I know it, Michiru's fallen asleep in my arms. But we can't exactly lie around here all day. I lift the girl onto my back and head for her room.*
Amane: Ah, Yuuji. What's up? Is something wrong with Michiru after all?
Yuuji: Not to worry, the girl's just exhausted. Doesn't look like she's going to wake up any time soon, so I thought I'd go put her to bed.
Amane: I see, makes sense. I'll help out if anything does happen, okay? Just let me know.
Yuuji: Yeah, I'll do that.
Narration: *I wait at Michiru's bedside as she sleeps, occupying myself with a book. I feel a little exasperated at myself for reading at a time like this, but it's the surest method I have of regaining emotional balance.*
Narration: *It's not like I'm an indifferent robot. Sleeping with Michiru has complicated my feelings more than a little.*
Narration: *When I look up from the book for the first time in a while, the girl's awake and watching me quietly. I ask if she's feeling all right, prompting a quiet "It hurts."*
Yuuji: What? Did I knock you against something on the way up here?
Michiru: ...That's not it. You know what I'm talking about, stupid.
Narration: *Michiru squirms under the covers, rubbing her thighs against each other. I see... The pain from losing her virginity is still lingering? Not the sort of thing a man can really understand.*
Yuuji: Sorry about that.
Michiru: Why are you apologizing? I was glad. Thanks. My whole body smells like you... It makes me happy.
Narration: *As she speaks, Michiru offers me a sincere smile for the first time in a while.*
Yuuji: All right, then. We're done playing make-believe for the moment, so why don't you tell me what you've been hiding? I'll hear you out.
Michiru: Y-Yeah... I don't really know where to start myself, but...
Narration: *I lower my paperback to the floor, shifting my attention to Michiru's story.*
Narration: *There's another "me" inside me.*
Narration: *I'm not playing with words or anything. It really is a completely different person. My body doesn't belong to me alone.*
Narration: *That really scares me. But it's thanks to her that I'm even alive today.*
Narration: *She knows everything about me.*
Narration: *But I know nothing about her.*
Narration: *―In that case, which of us has the better claim to be "the real me?"*
Narration: *I was born into a relatively wealthy family. My parents valued me highly, all the more so because I was their only child; they provided me with an excellent education, hoping to raise me into a worthy daughter. One they could show off with pride.*
Narration: *Although I was still a child... no, maybe it's "because" I was still a child―*
Narration: *They brought countless tutors to our home to pack knowledge into my head, like travellers stuffing all their luggage into one tiny, overburdened suitcase.*
Narration: *The tutors were all excellent in their fields, and they all charged heavily for their lessons. After studying with them, even the most uncooperative and dim-witted of children could be safely sent off into the world.*
Narration: *But I guess I was sort of a special case. It took a lot of time and trouble for me to learn the simplest things. When shown a perfectly clear example, then told "Now you try, please," I couldn't even imitate my tutors properly.*
Narration: *I understood what I needed to do, but when I tried to put that knowledge into practice, my voice would quake and my throat would go dry. Even though I wasn't being threatened in any way, tears would come to my eyes.*
Narration: *Piano and violin, arithmetic and the English alphabet; it was all the same, no matter what the subject.*
Narration: *When I hesitated, my tutors would say "You didn't understand? I'll do it one more time," and repeat the example faster than before. And then they would glare at me with eyes that said "Get it right already."*
Narration: *That really, really scared me.*
Narration: *My body would freeze up entirely; my clothes would grow damp with sweat. By the time my molars began to chatter against each other, I could no longer muster the strength to even try.*
Narration: *The tutor would scowl down at me, looking ready to burst into angry shouting at any moment.*
Narration: *The heavier their gazes weighed on me, the less I could move or think. Time crawled past in empty silence. In the end, the tutor would simply sigh in exasperation and leave the room.*
Narration: *It wasn't uncommon for my lessons to end with nothing more than that.*
Narration: *Dejected and humiliated, I could only reflect on my own uselessness. And as I stood in my quiet room, stock still and alone, eventually I would hear an angry voice from outside.*
Father: Maybe our daughter "isn't progressing" because you're incompetent!
Narration: *Again and again, violent words rattled against my windowpane like fat drops of icy rain.*
Narration: *I would cover my ears and wait for the storm to pass. It tended to go on for quite some time. When the shouting finally ended and silence returned, my father would come to my room and push open the door.*
Father: What's the matter, Michiru? You don't need to feel nervous around your teachers. You're our child, you know? You can do it if you try.
Father: Don't worry, I told those incompetents to get their act together and help you develop your talents. Just make sure to give it your best shot next time, all right?
Michiru: Y-Yeah, I'll work hard...
Father: That's the spirit. I know... had your eye on anything lately? I'll buy you whatever you want.
Narration: *My dad was nice to me. It was hard to believe he was the same person who'd been shouting at the teacher just a few minutes ago.*
Narration: *When he held me against his broad, powerful chest, I smelled cigarettes and women's perfume - never the same brand twice. It was comfortable, but also a little scary...*
Narration: *"I've got to do better next time. I can't let Daddy and Mommy down." That night, I knelt by the window, joined my small hands together, and prayed to the stars.*
Michiru: God, please watch over me. Please help me study and do my lessons properly.
Narration: *The next day was my regular music lesson. I sat perched quietly in front of a piano that had been shipped overseas from Hamburg, waiting for the teacher to arrive.*
Narration: *In that moment, if somebody had snuck up and hit the keyboard, I might have tumbled right off the bench. My anxiety and fear must have shown on my face.*
Narration: *When my tutor finally arrived, she closed the door carefully behind her and immediately came to my side.*
Tutor: You, my dear, are a truly worthless little idiot. Did you know that?
Narration: *She spoke in a very gentle voice, so for a moment the sentence didn't really register. But all too soon, I realized that she had spoken awful, terrifying words.*
Tutor: Come on, repeat after me. "I am a stupid, worthless human being, Miss."
Michiru: ...Huh...?
Michiru: Ah!
Narration: *The tutor struck me with a thin, stiff rod. The stinging pain of the blow lingered like a nasty papercut.*
Tutor: Do you not understand Japanese? That's not the response I asked for.
Michiru: Huh? B-But I...
Michiru: Uu...
Tutor: Come on, say it. Your father called me "incompetent" because of your failures, you know?
Tutor: It's all your fault, isn't it? You're the only one to blame here. Come on. "I am a useless, stupid, worthless human being, Miss."
Narration: *I didn't want to say it.*
Narration: *Even a child could understand how cruel those words were. But I was so terrified of being struck again that I squeezed them out anyway.*
Michiru: I... am a useless, stupid... worthless human being, Miss.
Tutor: That's right. Well done, very nice work. All right then, trash. We're going to practice now.
Michiru: Y-Yes...
Tutor: Oh, that's right. Don't go showing your father where I disciplined you, all right? I'd have to kill you.
Narration: *I don't think she could have been serious, but my entire body shrunk in fear. I was so terrified that I couldn't answer; and since I didn't respond, she hit me again.*
Michiru: Uuugh. Y-Yes!
Tutor: Good girl. Well then, let's begin the lesson...
Michiru: Okay...
Narration: *I had numerous tutors, but after that day it wasn't long before every one of them began to "discipline" me in the same way.*
Narration: *That female tutor might have told the others that I wouldn't tattle to my parents, no matter what they did to me.*
Narration: *Their discipline grew more refined with time, developing into a kind of art. They found ways to cause me pain without leaving telltale marks behind. Skillfully and thoroughly, they broke me in mind and body.*
Narration: *It became impossible for me to look people in the eyes when I spoke.*
Narration: *I was never good at holding lengthy conversations, but my responses grew shorter with every passing day. By the end, I was barely speaking at all.*
Narration: *Even then, my suffering might have been slightly meaningful if those Spartan lessons had produced results. But no matter how hard I tried to please my tormentors, it never improved my evaluations.*
Narration: *My father dismissed the tutors in ones and twos over my terrible results, until none remained.*
Narration: *They cursed me to my face before they went. Some even spat onto the floor of my room before stalking out.*
Father: Michiru, did something bad happen?
Michiru: ...No, not really.
Father: I see...
Michiru: ......
Father: Well, it's all right if you can't study or play an instrument. I'll be happy just to see you grow up healthy and strong.
Michiru: Yeah.
Narration: *But I was unable to fulfill even that modest hope.*
Narration: *On my walks around the garden, I would sometimes find myself painfully short of breath, clutching my throbbing chest.*
Narration: *My parents grew concerned. Eventually, they brought me to a big hospital for an examination.*
Narration: *And there, I was diagnosed with a serious heart disease. The doctor's verdict: continuing to lead a normal life outside of the hospital would "necessitate significant restrictions on my activities." From now on, I'd have to refrain from vigorous exercise.*
Doctor: Live peacefully and don't push yourself. Otherwise, things might take an irreversible turn for the worse.
Narration: *I couldn't study or play the piano. I was never much of an athlete. Even talking with people was a struggle. And now, I'd become an invalid who couldn't even live a normal life.*
Narration: *As I watched my parents' faces fill with disappointment, a thought occurred to me.*
Narration: *―Oh, look at that. My tutors were right all along.*
Narration: *They told me I was a stupid, useless person who didn't even deserve to live. And they weren't wrong.*
Narration: *They must have said it hundred of times... Why didn't I figure this out earlier? Of course they beat me. It's only natural to treat garbage like garbage.*
Narration: *Thinking that way made me feel a little better.*
Narration: *"I was stupid to even try to answer my parents' expectations. I wasn't cut out for that from the start." The thought freed me from my burdens. It also wiped away the meaning of my existence.*
Narration: *Soon, my parents had lost all hope in me, and devoted their nights to producing a new child. Their previously frequent visits to my room grew rare, and the time I spent alone increased.*
Narration: *My room was always cold; I kept the curtains shut throughout the day. Little by little, I felt myself slipping away from the world outside.*
Narration: *―Nothing I did turned out right. But of course it didn't. I was defective from the start.*
Narration: *Clumsy and awkward as I was, I soon found the one and only thing I was good at:*
Narration: *Letting time roll past in empty, uneventful silence.*
Narration: *I would sit quietly in the corner of my room, not budging a millimeter all day, simply drawing breath. That alone became something of a specialty of mine.*
Narration: *Even a mollusk at the bottom of the sea probably couldn't beat me at staying still. That was all I had left to be proud of.*
Narration: *I continued to live like a clam, but biologically speaking I was a human being. My body grew larger little by little, and in time I stopped being a child.*
Narration: *I was no longer allowed to shut myself up in my room doing nothing. I had to go to a place called school.*
Narration: *The Little Mermaid who lived at the bottom of the sea couldn't speak the human tongue very well. By the same token, I couldn't really communicate with the other students. It didn't help that I was a clam, not a beautiful princess.*
Narration: *Everyone around me could live a normal life. I envied them from the bottom of my heart.*
Narration: *I couldn't study or make friends. Moving around a little would get my heart screaming with pain. Just keeping myself breathing was about all I could manage.*
Narration: *At first, a number of my classmates made an effort to draw me out of my solitude.*
Narration: *But I didn't know what to say to them. Most of the time, I just nodded my head and mumbled "Yeah" with a stiff expression on my face.*
Narration: *Inevitably, the people who approached me gradually gave up, and eventually the class came to operate as if I wasn't there.*
Narration: *That was kind of a relief, in a way. Nobody expected anything from me, so I couldn't disappoint anyone. It was as though I was made of air. Even in school, I could return to my life as a clam.*
Narration: *I thought that was just fine. Not bad at all.*
Narration: *My parents made sure I went to school regularly, probably thinking I'd at least have to communicate with other people there, but it wasn't rare for me to go an entire day without speaking a single word.*
Narration: *Even when the teacher took attendance, they'd just glance in my direction, not bothering to call my name.*
Narration: *As my free time increased, I began to think pretty regularly about the point of my own existence. Or rather, the "pointlessness." Why was I going to school? Why was I even alive? I considered those questions at some length.*
Narration: *Watching from afar as my classmates laughed together and chatted enthusiastically about television, sometimes I would have to fight down the urge to burst into tears. They were so close, but I was separated from them by an insurmountable wall.*
Narration: *Even a trash can is useful to others. I was just taking up space.*
Narration: *Why was I born in the first place?*
Narration: *My parents had given me a cell phone, saying I'd probably need it as a student. There wasn't a single message or call recorded in the history log; the memory was clean, pure white.*
Narration: *That phone must have been lighter than anyone else's. It was empty inside.*
Narration: *Unless I kept a firm grip on it, it'd probably float up into the air, get pecked at by some passing bird, and disappear with a pop.*
Narration: *In the end, that was my only conclusion.*
Narration: *A year passed in that school, then two, and that was my only constant rock of truth.*
Narration: *On the deserted rooftop of the school building, looking up into the blue sky that stretched out over the road to school, I longed for death.*
Narration: *I simply didn't understand the point of continuing to breathe. Living every day as a non-entity is something like walking on an icy road in bare feet; at first it's scary, but soon enough your nerves are paralyzed. You feel nothing at all.*
Narration: *A good while later, when you realize "this might be pretty bad," it's already far too late.*
Narration: *There's nowhere to go from here. There's nothing to be done. You live every day of your life frozen to the ground, choking on bitter-cold air.*
Narration: *With that thought in mind, I began to head up to the roof during every recess period. Up there, the only thing separating this world from the next was a waist-high steel fence.*
Narration: *Someday, I'll cross over that fence and become free. Someday, I'll escape into nothingness. Comforted by those thoughts, I waited patiently for the right timing.*
Narration: *I waited for someone... God or whoever else... to send a sign just for me.*
Narration: *I'd wrap my arms around my knees and sit, telling myself maybe today would be the day. Maybe today, the clouds would part for a ray of light, and a voice from above would say "Come, it's time."*
Narration: *I would stare closely at the trains barreling past the station, wondering if the sign might flash past in the window of a carriage.*
Narration: *But instead, I just sat by myself on that roof. No matter how long and patiently I waited, I never saw any signals. Nobody whispered the words in my ear.*
Narration: *In the end, I was all alone. Just like I was everywhere else. Every place was the same to me.*
Narration: *I was in the corner of the room where I'd been beaten terribly; I was deep at the bottom of the sea, where no light could reach me. I was at the end of the world, surrounded on all sides by silent walls of stone.*
Narration: *God must have been busy with something else. Otherwise, why wouldn't he fly over to me and speak the words?*
Narration: *One day, when I went to the rooftop as usual, I found a girl who had just in that very moment crossed over the fence. She was standing boldly on the very edge of the building, staring straight ahead.*
Narration: *And when I saw her, one powerful thought filled my mind.*
Narration: *―That's not fair.*
Narration: *After all my anguished internal debating, all my suffering, all my waiting, I couldn't get myself over that fence. Why did this girl get to make it look so easy?*
Narration: *That girl was going to kill herself. She was going to leap off the roof, fall onto the concrete below, and end her life.*
Narration: *It was obvious enough from the way she stood there, straddling the border between roof and sky, arms outstretched like wings to catch the wind. Seemed almost to be enjoying herself.*
Narration: *It wasn't the sort of pose you could make if you cared about your own life.*
Narration: *Anyway, it wasn't fair. Why did she get to die when I had to live? I didn't have the first idea who she was, but it just wasn't fair.*
Michiru: ...T-That's... not fair.
Narration: *I was trying to shout as loudly as I could. But what came out of my mouth was a weak, spiritless sound, like the rasping of a broken-down old accordion.*
Michiru: No fair... That's no fair... Don't die! It's not fair!
Narration: *It probably didn't help that I wasn't used to conversation, but my voice just wasn't coming out right. The girl quietly stared down at the ground far below, not even noticing my presence behind her.*
Narration: *She seemed to be looking for the exact moment to jump. Maybe God had already given her the signal.*
Michiru: Hey, it's not fair... Stop... Stop that... Don't...
Narration: *I called out again and again, but she didn't seem to hear.*
Narration: *Maybe I no longer even existed in this world?*
Narration: *Maybe I'd slipped into some alternate plane of existence long ago, and was just peeking into this world through an interdimensional one-way mirror. She ignored me so completely that it seemed possible.*
Michiru: Uhm, hey, listen to me... Listen...
Narration: *I called out to her, my voice choked with tears. But even then, she didn't turn around.*
Girl: Let's see... All right. We'll do this on "go." Yeah... Ready, set―
Michiru: Hey!! Listen to me!!
Girl: Awaaaaaaaaaah!
Narration: *The girl's body went into spasms of shock. She looked like a wild animal with its fur standing on end.*
Girl: Oooh shit! Scared the hell outta me! N-N-Nearly fell off!
Narration: *And then, at long last, she timidly turned around to face me.*
Girl: ...Uh, who're you?
Michiru: ...Hey, listen to me... Listen...
Girl: Huh? Hey, what're you crying for? How long have you been there, anyway?
Michiru: ...It's not fair... Dying like that... it's not fair...
Girl: Not fair? Huh? W-What're you talking about?
Narration: *My tear-stained face must've been a real sight. The girl lifted herself over the fence and returned to this side. She was wearing the same uniform as me; unsurprisingly, she was clearly from my school.*
Girl: Your... face is a total mess. Wanna wipe it off?
Narration: *She handed me her handkerchief, and I dried my tears. Nothing like that had ever happened to me before; it was embarrassing, but it made me sort of happy. I didn't really know what to do next.*
Girl: So, uhm... what? Need something?
Narration: *That was kind of a hard question, actually. I just didn't want her to die.*
Narration: *And it's not like I was about to lecture her on "treasuring her life" or anything. I was just scared by the thought of someone escaping this world while I was still hesitating on the edge.*
Michiru: Well, uhm... *Sniffle*
Girl: Y-Yeah... what is it?
Narration: *The girl watched me as if observing some rare species of animal. I didn't have the first idea where to begin or how to explain myself. So after thinking it over for quite some time, I chose the simplest option.*
Michiru: Nice to meet you... I'm Matsushima Michiru.
Girl: ...Huh!? Seriously!? An introduction now, of all times!?!
Michiru: ......
Girl: And that's it!? We're done!? That's seriously all you had to say!? H-Huhhhhh!?
Narration: *"Screwed up after all, huh? Guess I can't even manage a normal conversation anymore." The thought made me genuinely sad; I couldn't find my usual numb indifference. It felt like a harsh reminder that I didn't belong in this world any longer.*
Girl: ...Uhhh... Bahaha, ahahahahaha!
Narration: *Watching as I slumped my shoulders dejectedly, the girl burst into laughter. And although I didn't have any real evidence either way, I didn't feel like she was mocking me.*
Narration: *It was relieved, happy laughter. The sort of laughter I hadn't heard in a long time.*
Girl: Ahahahaha, what the heck? You're a weird one, aren't you? Ahahahahaha!
Narration: *I wasn't sure what to do, so I just stood there quietly as she laughed and laughed.*
Narration: *But no matter how patiently I waited, she just wouldn't stop. Much the opposite. After a while she threw herself down on the ground and began to roll around, her roars of amusement even louder than before.*
Girl: Ahahahaha, ridiculous! What a weirdo! Ahahahaha! Haaaah, I was so friggin' scared, you have no idea! I mean, it's like, what the heck!? Ahahah, seriously, I thought I was dead!
Narration: *Watching her rolling around like that started to get me in a kind of a silly mood myself. The moment I noticed a little giggle slipping out of my mouth, the dam seemed to break. I began laughing so loudly I surprised myself.*
Michiru: Ahahaha, hahaha. Hahaha!
Girl: Huh...? S-She's laughing... Ahahahaha, what the heck!? Ahahahaha!
Narration: *The two of us laughed for a very, very long time. Long enough that the color of the sky changed above us. Long enough that I could almost believe whole seasons had passed by.*
Narration: *When her laughter finally came to an end, the girl rose shakily to her feet, both hands clutching her belly. She opened her mouth to speak, but at first could only manage a few high-pitched little giggles.*
Girl: Sheesh. Now I don't even feel like dying anymore.
Narration: *So that was it after all. The girl had been planning to die. I knew that much from the start, but when she came out and said it so bluntly, I was still slightly taken aback.*
Girl: So stupid... Aah, what a joke. Guess this means I owe you my life, huh?
Michiru: Your... life?
Girl: Right? Yeah, that's how it is. Thank you.
Narration: *I didn't deserve to be thanked by anyone. Why was she saying this to me?*
Michiru: Uhm... why? W-Why?
Girl: Huh!? No, why're you crying!? C'mon, there there, let's all calm down, yeah, shh, okay...
Michiru: Why? Why...?
Narration: *The girl wrapped a hand around my neck and drew me close. After briefly petting my head, she hugged me tightly against her.*
Girl: You really are a weird girl, aren't you? But that's just how I like my women... Kidding, kidding.
Narration: *Her chest had a sweet, milky odor. I'd never smelled another girl's body like this before. I didn't know what to do.*
Narration: *About anything, really. It was all too much. My mind just couldn't keep up.*
Girl: All right then... why don't we be friends? Yeah, let's be friends. I mean, you're my savior, after all. Of course we're friends. Heck, that's best friend territory right there. We're clearly best friends!
Michiru: Y-Yeah... W-Wait, what? Best friends?
Girl: Nice to meet you, best friend.
Michiru: ...I-It's a pleasure to meet you.
Narration: *I'd convinced myself there was no place for me in this world, but when I felt the life pulsing in her chest, I found myself able to breathe easily again.*
Narration: *She smelled sweet, and her body was soft and warm. I couldn't remember the last time I'd been so close to another person.*
Narration: *"Contact" with other people had always seemed so scary. And it really was scary, to be honest. But at the same time... how can I put this? More than anything else, it felt like someone was gently tickling my heart.*
Narration: *I returned home that day feeling as if I'd been reborn. Probably because of my unusually cheerful expression, my parents struck up a conversation with me for the first time in a while.*
Narration: *I wasn't able to explain very well, but I did tell them I'd "gotten to know somebody" at school.*
Narration: *I didn't say "I made a friend." Let alone a "best friend." After all, there was still a chance it had all been a delusion on my part. Maybe tomorrow, everything would be right back to the way it was.*
Narration: *That would be way too sad, right? Better not to get my hopes up.*
Narration: *My parents said "I see, good for you," mixed emotions on their faces. Not that it bothered me much. That night, I ate my dinner slightly earlier than usual, and slipped into bed slightly before my normal time.*
Narration: *For once, I actually wanted tomorrow to arrive a little faster.*
Narration: *But in school the next day, I found everything the same. It wasn't like I had changed, after all. I was still just myself.*
Narration: *Nobody in my class even tried to talk to me. That morning, I'd thought I might be able to keep a bit of a smile on my face, but in the end my expression was gloomier than ever.*
Narration: *Maybe that girl I met the day before was a sign from God. A little cosmic meddling to keep me from killing myself at the wrong time.*
Narration: *Could have just said so from the start, then. I nearly misunderstood. Nearly thought I'd found some place where I belonged.*
Narration: *Nearly thought it was okay for me to live. Nearly started thinking like a normal person.*
Narration: *That was a close one. I almost forgot what my tutors taught me so thoroughly.*
Narration: *Yeah, that had to be it. I didn't have a best friend. That was all a dream. Aaah. Dreams aren't worth it, are they...? You end up feeling really tired when you wake up.*
Narration: *After school, I stood from my seat before anyone else and beelined for the exit. For now, I just wanted to get out of that place. But the rooftop had become frightening, so I couldn't go back there.*
Narration: *I wanted to run away, but I couldn't figure out where to go.*
Narration: *All I knew was that I didn't want to be where I was.*
Narration: *When I slid open the door and dashed out into the hallway, there was a harsh thump and everything went black for a moment. In my haste, I'd run headlong into someone.*
Michiru: Ah, I'm... sorry!
Narration: *Somehow squeezing out the words, I turned to run. But before I could take another step, someone firmly seized me by the back of my uniform. I reflexively dropped my bag and shielded my head against the blow that would follow.*
Narration: *This was a deeply-ingrained habit from my childhood. When the tutors hit my head strongly, the nausea and dizziness would sometimes last for hours. If nothing else, I wanted to avoid that.*
Narration: *But the violence I feared didn't arrive. On the contrary, my captor bent down and picked up the bag I'd thrown to the ground.*
Girl: ...You're a strange one, Matsushima Michiru. As always.
Michiru: Huh...?
Narration: *It was the first time in a while somebody had bothered to call me that. A silly thought flashed through my head: "Oh, so that's what my name sounds like."*
Girl: Hey, you hungry? Want to get some Dom-Dom? My treat.
Michiru: Dom... Domb?
Narration: *In front of my eyes was the girl from my dream. I was definitely awake, but somehow I was dreaming.*
Girl: You won't turn me down, right? We are best friends, after all. Have some other plans?
Narration: *I couldn't get myself to speak properly, so I shook my head vigorously from left to right. "No! Nothing at all!"*
Narration: *And I kept right on doing it, until at last the girl reached out and caught my cheeks in her hands to hold me still.*
Girl: Yeah, I got it. Okay then, let's go. I'm starving.
Narration: *She led me by the hand, and for the first time in my life I entered a so-called "fast food" restaurant.*
Narration: *The complicated menu and colorful photographs left me lightheaded, and I didn't have the first idea how to order. After stewing in confusion and panic for a long while, I tugged on her sleeve.*
Girl: Is this seriously your first time in this sorta place?
Narration: *I quietly nodded my head. She just watched me for a moment, then laughed in amusement.*
Narration: *A little later, a small tray sat on our surprisingly cramped little table, bearing the hamburger and fries the girl ordered for me.*
Narration: *It felt like she was really close. Eating a meal with my face so near to someone else's made me kinda nervous. I could feel my stomach churning... What was I gonna do if I threw up?*
Girl: So you were in the next class over, huh? I had no idea there was such a funny kid over there.
Michiru: ......
Girl: Hm? What's wrong?
Michiru: This... isn't like the photo at all. It's all squished.
Girl: What, the hamburger? *Snort*... Ahaha... You really are funny.
Michiru: ...Yeah. Uh, "funny?"
Girl: Yep, funny. Oh, hey, you know what your classmates call you?
Michiru: Me? They call me something?
Girl: That's right, they do. And it's an insult. They call you "ghost-girl." Ahah, what a laugh, right?
Girl: I was all "c'mon now!" Told 'em to give it a rest.
Narration: *She chattered happily on, swinging a fry back and forth. I had no idea how to respond.*
Narration: *I mean, I was surprised to know they bothered to badmouth me, but I was even more shocked she'd told them to stop.*
Narration: *Why was this person being so nice to me?*
Girl: And you're a real little lady to boot, aren't ya? But still... seriously, never had fast food before? Little too far out of the mainstream there, don't you think?
Michiru: A little lady...?
Girl: That's right, you're a regular princess. So anyway, you got a cell phone? We should totally IR.
Michiru: Eye... are?
Girl: *Sigh*... All right, guess we'll save that for next time. For the time being, how about you eat up? Go ahead.
Girl: This is my treat, y'know, so you'd better savor Mr. Squishy there. Can't exactly afford to get you anything better.
Narration: *I picked up the miserably flat little hamburger from its bed of wrapping paper and took a large bite. To my surprise, a strong and vibrant flavor instantly filled my mouth. It might not have looked anything like the photo, but it actually tasted really good...*
Michiru: Mm...
Girl: Oho? Whatcha think? Pretty decent, right?
Michiru: ...Yeah... it's tasty.
Girl: Huh? Wha... why're you crying? Huh!? I don't get it! It's tasty? You're crying because it's tasty? That's, uh, going a little overboard... but I'm sure Mr. Elephant's very pleased with himself.
Narration: *The hamburger was warm, the girl in front of me was kind, and I couldn't stop crying.*
Narration: *Not surprisingly, she looked a little astounded, but even so she laughed. No matter what I did, she'd laugh.*
Narration: *After that, she started coming by every day after school, inviting me along to all sorts of different places.*
Narration: *I guess she must have found my complete cluelessness kind of entertaining. One day it was karaoke, the next an arcade, the day after that something else entirely. I got to see a lot of new places, and experienced a lot of new things.*
Michiru: Hey, hey, what's this "First Puri" sign mean?
Narration: *She laughed when I asked that question, too. More than anything else, she was a girl who laughed a lot. And the places I went with her were always glittering with vivid rainbows of light.*
Narration: *When I went back home after we said goodbye, my room looked stale and dismal by comparison. It was like falling into a broken-down, monochrome world.*
Narration: *More and more, I spent my time impatiently counting down the hours until our next outing, wishing she'd swoop down and take me out of there.*
Narration: *I remember getting off the train with her at some station I'd never visited before, and buying matching pencil boxes in a store I'd never known existed.*
Narration: *After anguishing over my choice for dozens of minutes, I bought her a small hairpin as a present, and got a pouch in return. We traded hair scrunchies, ate ice cream together... The days rolled by like one unbroken dream.*
Narration: *Her email address and phone number were recorded in my cell phone.*
Narration: *I was too scared to send her a message or dial her number, but for some reason, just looking at those characters on the screen would bring a smile to my face.*
Narration: *One day, the two of us were on the rooftop after school, gazing leisurely out at the setting sun. The girl spoke to me in a quiet voice as the wind blew through her hair.*
Girl: You aren't gonna ask, are you, Michiru.
Michiru: About what?
Girl: ...Why I was going to jump.
Narration: *She was always smiling, so I was taken aback to see her looking so serious all of a sudden. And more importantly, that completely unexpected question left me thoroughly flustered.*
Michiru: I mean, you wanted to die, right? That's all there is to it. What else would I ask?
Girl: *Snort*... True enough. No other reason why you'd jump, is there? Hehe... you really are a weird girl, Michiru.
Michiru: You think...? I dunno...
Girl: Y'know, people just love asking me questions.
Girl: About the future, boyfriends, part-time jobs, marks on my wrist, drugs, coming inside... I can't keep track of it all anymore. I want to live in a simpler world.
Narration: *I didn't really understand what she was saying, so I listened very carefully. I thought... I hoped... that if I listened carefully enough, I'd be able to pick up at least a little.*
Girl: I mean, when you get right down to it, we're all alone, right? It's not like anybody really cares about me from the bottom of their heart. Everybody disappears in the end.
Narration: *I wanted to say it wasn't true, but I couldn't manage to speak.*
Girl: Don't want to be hated... so I'll hate first. Before they can leave me, I want to disappear... or whatever.
Girl: Ah, sorry. I gotta get going.
Michiru: Okay. Take care...
Girl: Michiru...
Michiru: Hm? What?
Girl: I love you!
Narration: *With those words, she playfully pretend-kissed me on the cheek. My face went red as a lobster, and I made a strange little "Awaaa" noise.*
Girl: Ahahah. I'm just messing with you. Later!
Narration: *The evening sun was just sinking below the horizon as she left, still laughing. I just stood there for a while as darkness settled over the rooftop.*
Narration: *That cell phone was always ringing. I didn't like it. Every time she was called off somewhere, she'd be quiet and subdued for a long time afterward. Her smiles looked forced.*
Narration: *I was worried somebody might be doing cruel things to her, but I wasn't able to ask.*
Narration: *Sometimes she'd notice the concern in my eyes and laugh. "It's okay, it's okay. Don't worry."*
Narration: *But I knew it wasn't. It wasn't okay at all.*
Narration: *It was a complete coincidence, but I'd seen a pregnancy test fall out of her bag when she dropped it. And I knew she'd been absent for a while after that.*
Narration: *I was afraid asking her something would pop the bubble. Destroy what we had. And because of that fear, I stayed silent.*
Narration: *Even then, I knew I was being a coward.*
Narration: *She had pulled me up from the bottom of the sea. Shouldn't I return the favor? Take her hand, like she did for me? The question tormented me for a very long time.*
Narration: *But there was no way I could do what she had done. I was still a piece of trash. It was only thanks to her that I could laugh a little. It was only thanks to her that I had found a little happiness.*
Narration: *I couldn't allow myself to misunderstand. This was a temporary world. A dream I'd wake up from eventually.*
Narration: *Lingering alone on the roof, I gripped the cold metal handrail tightly. I still didn't have the courage to make the short journey to the other side of that fence. In that respect, too, she was an amazing person.*
Narration: *She had so much that I didn't. Even the courage to end her own life.*
Narration: *For a few days after answering that phone call, she didn't attend school. I was consumed by the fear something bad might have happened to her. Just like when I was a child, I knelt by my windowsill and whispered countless prayers.*
Michiru: Please keep her safe, God. Please keep a smile on her face...
Narration: *At school, I would hesitate in my classroom at the end of the day, thinking she might appear in the doorway like always to drag me off to play.*
Narration: *But I was a ghost in that class. I didn't dare make myself conspicuous.*
Narration: *I reluctantly trudged up to the roof and waited for her. But no matter how patiently I waited, she never came. There was nothing but the steady passage of time; I did nothing but draw breath in a monochrome world.*
Narration: *One day, somebody called my cell phone from a withheld number. I was scared to pick it up, but thinking it just might be her, I gathered up all the courage I could muster and pressed the "answer" button.*
Michiru: ...Hello?
Narration: *On the other side of the line, I heard someone breathing harshly, as if in pain. Maybe it was nothing more than a random prank call from a stranger.*
Narration: *But in my mind's eye, I saw her on the other end. The person I cared about more than anyone else in the world.*
Narration: *And I remembered her words on the roof that day.*
Narration: *Back then, I wasn't able to give her a proper response. I'd left so many things unsaid. I decided to convey those feelings to whoever this might be.*
Michiru: Why... Why do you think you're alone?
Michiru: You have someone... who thinks of you as a friend. Who cares about you very much.
Michiru: So why do you keep trying to go off somewhere on your own?
Michiru: You don't know how painful it is to be left behind, do you? That's why you keep trying to go away.
Michiru: Everybody loses things. Being hated isn't unusual either.
Michiru: I... love you... very much. So please... don't go anywhere.
Michiru: If you're feeling sad right now...
Michiru: Then let's become happy together.
Michiru: Come back here, and... let's be together from now on...
Narration: *The person on the other end of the line hung up without a single word. It felt as though I'd been abandoned. Left behind. I squeezed my cell phone tightly in my hand.*
Narration: *Even now, I don't know who called me that day.*
Narration: *The next time I saw my friend was more than two weeks later. By that point, even sitting through class had become unbearably agonizing. I would spend the entire day on the roof, waiting for her.*
Narration: *And one day, completely out of the blue, she appeared before me once again.*
Michiru: Ah...
Narration: *I couldn't say a word. There wasn't a trace remaining of the girl who had always laughed so happily. Her school uniform was tattered and torn; her hair looked like it had been hacked at with a knife.*
Narration: *Her face, too, was full of bruises. Numerous wounds, as cruel as anything the tutors had inflicted on me, were openly visible even in the most conspicuous of places.*
Narration: *Something terrible must have happened. Something so terrible I didn't even want to imagine it. And it must have lasted a horribly long time. Just like that, there were tears in my eyes.*
Narration: *God didn't protect her. I couldn't protect her.*
Girl: It's okay. This is what I wanted, y'know? I did this. Because I didn't want him to throw me away.
Narration: *I hadn't asked a question, but she answered it anyway.*
Narration: *Those clipped, vague words weren't enough for me to understand what had really happened to her. But I knew she was lying. I knew many sad, horrible things must have happened. Things she couldn't possibly have "wanted" to happen.*
Narration: *I slowly approached her, then wrapped my arms around her trembling body. It surprised even me; I hadn't expected myself to do any such thing.*
Girl: Mm... thanks. You're sweet, Michiru.
Michiru: That's... not true.
Girl: No, it is. You really are a kind girl... You've heard the rumors, right? Well, they're true. Must think I'm an idiot, huh? It's okay, you can laugh. Haha.
Narration: *In the classroom, my friend had become the subject of rumors. My classmates said she'd gotten to know a man decades older than her over the internet. A man with a wife and children. They said he treated her like his mistress.*
Narration: *They said something about photos of her and that man getting scattered around the internet. About him making her have sex with other men.*
Narration: *One morning, there had been a naked photo of her taped on top of my desk.*
Narration: *I silently tore it off, shoved the paper into a trash can, and immediately left the classroom. Slamming the door behind me as loudly as I could.*
Narration: *But none of it mattered to me. No matter what sort of things she'd done, it didn't change the fact that she was my best friend.*
Michiru: No, you're not. I'm the stupid one.
Girl: ...Hehe. Guess you have a point. Making friends with me, of all people? You must be pretty dumb.
Michiru: That's not true...!
Girl: Y'know, everyone hates me here. Didn't really have any friends or anything.
Girl: But I want you to know something. It's not like I became friends with you because nobody else would give me the time of day.
Girl: I made friends with you because I liked you. That's true, if nothing else. But I guess it's probably pretty hard to believe a liar like me, huh?
Narration: *I wanted to say "Of course I know that," but my voice failed me. It felt as though a chunk of cardboard had wedged itself in my throat; I couldn't force out even a tiny squeak.*
Girl: I really do think of you as my best friend, Michiru. Sorry for being such a filthy excuse for a friend. I'm really sorry... for being like this...
Narration: *I wanted to tell her that she wasn't filthy. But I couldn't say a word. All I could do was hug her tightly.*
Girl: I love him. Whatever he told me to do, I did it. I knew all along that stuff about leaving his wife was a lie...
Girl: And I was okay with that. Even when I got pregnant, I knew it'd cause him trouble, so I went to the hospital all by myself.
Michiru: That's enough... You don't have to talk about it. It's okay...
Girl: Even when he told me to do it with other guys, I toughed it out. No matter how many guys it was, no matter how many times they wanted to go, I did my best. But I'm done. Y'see... he doesn't love me anymore.
Narration: *She gave me another pretend-kiss on my cheek. I closed my eyes and returned the gesture. Watching me, she laughed for just a moment.*
Narration: *And then she slipped out of my arms. Scraps of her uniform danced in the wind like feathers blown loose from the wings of a bird in flight. She put her hands on the fence and swung herself over to the other side, graceful as a dancer. *
Girl: Michiru, I'm done. I don't want to live in a world where he isn't interested in me. I don't want to live in a world without him in it.
Narration: *Straddling the border between roof and sky, standing on the line that divided this world from the next, she spoke to me. A single thought ran through my dazed brain: "It's just like the first time we met."*
Girl: I'm gonna go ahead.
Narration: *I wanted to say―*
Narration: *I'll come with you.*
Narration: *You're not the only one, you know? I'm not interested in a world without you in it. So if you're going, I'll come along. Just don't leave me behind. Don't leave me here alone.*
Narration: *I wanted to tell her. You joked that you loved me once, but I really do love you. That's the reason I'm still alive today.*
Narration: *I wanted her to know. But I couldn't speak or move. My body felt like it was encased in concrete. I couldn't lift a single finger.*
Girl: Goodbye, Michiru.
Narration: *I wanted to say the words. We're best friends, aren't we? Let's die together.*
Narration: *But instead, I just watched her in silence like a complete idiot.*
Narration: *See? I was right. I'm the stupid one after all.*
Michiru: Hah, hah... haa... haa!
Narration: *I didn't know what to do. I just cowered. And then, I tried to scramble over the rail. To see her. To see the end.*
Narration: *But I couldn't do it. No matter what. I couldn't get myself over that fence.*
Michiru: Haa... hah... aaah... haah.
Narration: *I could feel my feet giving way underneath me. I couldn't even keep myself upright.*
Narration: *Why hadn't I died with her?*
Narration: *I was right from the start. There was never a place for me here. Screwed up big this time, didn't I? Shouldn't have let myself think I could become a normal person. Shouldn't have thought I could find something like happiness.*
Narration: *In the end, it vanishes. The bubble pops. In that case, it would've been better never to have got my hopes up in the first place. Just like my parents stopped expecting anything of me, I should've stopped expecting anything from the world.*
Narration: *I heard the wail of a siren and a chorus of horrified screams from far away. And then I fainted, my body still twined awkwardly around that fence.*
Narration: *Just before I lost consciousness, I heard a sound like the "click" of a television set falling silent. I don't know if it was a hallucination or not, but I heard it clearly.*
Narration: *When I woke up, I was lying in a hospital bed. It seemed I had been unconscious for quite a long time. Normally, there should have been police waiting at my bed to question me, but Dad took care of all that.*
Narration: *Probably less out of concern for me than out of his desire to keep this troublesome situation from dragging on.*
Narration: *I thought they'd discharge me soon enough, but I discovered that my chronic chest pain had grown dramatically more intense. My body was no longer physically capable of enduring a normal life.*
Narration: *The doctor said "the shock of losing a close friend may well have advanced the progression of the disease," but I didn't really know if that was true.*
Narration: *Either way, the pain in my heart was now so agonizing it could at times render me unconscious.*
Narration: *My parents had more or less abandoned me, but I guess this miserable new development managed to move them to pity. They decided to send me to America for a heart transplant operation.*
Narration: *Personally, I wouldn't have minded just dying. But it seemed like those two wanted to feel like "caring parents," so I decided I might as well go along with it.*
Narration: *Things moved along behind my back. Large amounts of money traded hands, although I didn't know the details.*
Narration: *They didn't tell me much of anything about the donor, and I wasn't particularly interested either. All they said was I'd be receiving the heart of a brain-dead girl of the same age as me.*
Narration: *I'm sure it must have been a really big, complicated operation. But since that day on the rooftop, I'd been living like an empty husk. Can't really say it felt like much of an ordeal.*
Narration: *They carried me off on an airplane to a place where I couldn't understand a word anyone was saying. The doctor put me under anesthesia, and I fell asleep. Before I knew it I was right back in Japan.*
Narration: *It really did seem to happen in the blink of an eye. I didn't have time to feel much of anything.*
Narration: *My procedure apparently went about as smoothly as possible. They'd pumped me full of immunosuppressants to prevent my body from rejecting the new heart, but I recovered without any of the sicknesses that often resulted as a side effect. My reaction to this news was indifferent at best.*
Narration: *It didn't even feel particularly strange, having another person's organ inside my body. Sometimes I almost doubted whether they'd really operated on me.*
Narration: *Of course, just touching the scar on my chest was enough to convince myself it had to be true. But really, what difference did it make either way?*
Narration: *The lump of flesh inside me constantly thumping away was different from the one that had been in there yesterday, that was all. Nobody was going to care. Nothing important had changed.*
Narration: *My doctor celebrated my remarkable recovery from the surgery as a "miracle," so enthusiastic you might have thought my good fortune was his own. My parents had relieved expressions on their faces as well. Expressions that seemed to read "Now we won't have to worry ourselves about this girl anymore."*
Narration: *The many months I had spent in various hospitals came to an end, and I began to recuperate at home. That was when the first signs of the change began to appear.*
Narration: *Apparently, I was saying uncharacteristic things to my parents. I was talking and behaving in ways I usually wouldn't, almost as if I'd become a completely different person.*
Narration: *My parents were incredulous at first, half-suspecting some kind of elaborate prank. But as they knew, I wasn't exactly a practical joker by nature.*
Narration: *I wasn't consciously aware of any of this; my alternate personality came at the price of gaps in my memory. Maybe I was sleepwalking? Or turning into a different person without even realizing it?*
Narration: *A doctor diligently studied my brain activity and asked me all sorts of questions, but in the end he could only offer a vague conclusion: "This phenomenon can't be explained by modern medicine."*
Narration: *Ultimately, the adults decided that the powerful psychological impact of losing a friend in front of my eyes had led to changes in my personality.*
Narration: *But again, I didn't really care either way. I responded with my usual "Oh, that so?"*
Narration: *The gaps in my memories became frequent. And as time passed, they grew longer, harder to ignore.*
Narration: *The "other me" who showed up in these chunks of lost time seemed surprisingly competent. From what I gathered, she was much more sociable than I was, and a lot better at schoolwork as well.*
Narration: *One night, I noticed dinner was a little extravagant. Dad smiled across the table and told me it was a reward for "trying so hard at my studies lately." It was kind of a strange experience, but I didn't really mind.*
Narration: *I mean, if things were going smoothly, who cared if I remembered doing the things I was being praised for or not?*
Narration: *As this pattern continued, I found myself acquiring a number of "friends" as well. Of course, I'd gotten to know them during the blank spaces in my memories, so I didn't really know what sort of people they were.*
Narration: *Without any effort on my part, lots of people began greeting me in a friendly tone on the road to school. After saying hi, they'd usually ask "What's wrong? Not feeling so good today?"*
Narration: *Seems like they saw the usual me as the "sick Michiru," and the person who showed up in those blank periods of lost time as the "normal, cheerful Michiru."*
Father: What's wrong? You seem a little down today.
Narration: *I was lying down in my room one evening when Dad stopped by to check up on me.*
Father: That's not like you. Come on, where's my cheerful Michiru?
Narration: *Not knowing what else to do, I forced a strained smile onto my face.*
Father: It's all right, I'm sure you'll feel better tomorrow. We'll say "goodbye" to sad Michiru soon enough.
Narration: *Smiling, Dad left the room and closed the door behind him.*
Narration: *And all of a sudden, an image flashed into my head - an image of a girl frozen in flight.*
Narration: *It was the girl who'd left me so abruptly. My best friend, who'd abandoned this world.*
Narration: *Her final "goodbye" echoed inside my head, rebounding off the walls of my skull. The word was terribly sharp. Every time it clanged against the bone, it felt as though someone was drilling me open from the inside.*
Michiru: Haa, haa haa... uuugh.
Narration: *Trembling with fear and pain, I dove into my bed in search of refuge. Greasy sweat broke out on my forehead. I swallowed a handful of the sleeping pills my doctor had prescribed, pulled the blanket over my head, and squeezed my eyes shut.*
Narration: *If I can get past this, I'll become the "cheerful Michiru" again. I can't break down now. I silently repeated those words to myself.*
Narration: *And soon enough, drowsiness wrapped me up in a thick, sticky cocoon, blanket and all. "Finally, I'll be able to sleep. I'll pull through after all."*
Narration: *It was just as those thoughts were running hazily through my mind, just as I stood on the border between reality and dreams, when I heard the unfamiliar voice from outside my blanket.*
Voice: It's all right. Calm down. You don't need to worry about a thing.
Narration: *I didn't understand in the slightest how this was supposed to be "all right." Hearing the voice of some strange woman as I tried to fall asleep really didn't seem to qualify.*
Voice: I'll cover for your weak points. I mean, we're going to be together forever, right? We should be friends... Yes. Let's be best friends.
Narration: *The instant I heard those words, I felt my heart pound violently. A sharp, white-hot pain spread from my chest throughout my entire body, as if travelling through my blood vessels.*
Michiru: Don't call yourself that... I only have one best friend. I only need one...
Narration: *I remembered the doctor off-handedly mentioning a phenomenon known as "cellular memory." In rare cases, patients receiving heart transplants had seemed to "inherit" aspects of the previous owner's tastes or memories.*
Narration: *He didn't seem to believe in the idea, but maybe it was real. Maybe that had happened to me.*
Narration: *No... this wasn't anything so minor. The former owner's entire personality had slipped inside me, complete and distinct from my own. And now she was talking to me. Declaring herself my best friend.*
Narration: *I wasn't about to put up with that. Another best friend was the last thing I wanted.*
Michiru: I hate you! You don't get to decide who my best friend is!!
Narration: *Throwing off the covers, my pulse pounding in fear of my own body, I shouted at the disembodied voice.*
Voice: It's all right. I just want to help you out.
Michiru: I don't want your help! She was the only one who could help me!
Narration: *I couldn't even tell if this was reality or some insane nightmare. My terror escalated into frenzy. I ripped out clumps of my own hair, bit my own arms, and kicked things all over the room until my feet bled.*
Narration: *But it wasn't enough. I grabbed a box cutter from my desk, grasped it tightly in my hands, and listened carefully, trying to figure out where the voice was coming from.*
Narration: *The voice was the cause of this pain. It flowed through my body with the blood thumping out of my heart, bringing agony with it.*
Narration: *I had to get that voice out of my body. I had to, or I was going to go crazy.*
Narration: *With that thought, I cut at my wrist with the blade, trying to drain the voice out of me along with my blood. But no matter how my arm bled, the voice remained securely inside my body.*
Narration: *In that case, I had no choice. I needed to uproot it directly. I needed to get rid of that foreign entity pulsing away inside me.*
Narration: *I pointed the blade at my own chest and stabbed as hard as I could.*
Narration: *It wasn't the sharpest blade, but it broke the skin easily enough. Slowly, it gouged its way through my flesh. Just a little further and I'd reach the heart.*
Narration: *The invasion would be over soon. I'd be rid of the voice. I felt relief washing over me. But just then, I smelled that distinctive mixture of cigarettes and strange women, and realized that my father had entered the room.*
Father: My god, Michiru... Why...?
Narration: *Before I knew it, my room had become a disaster scene, the shattered and torn remnants of my belongings stained dark red with splashes of fresh blood.*
Narration: *The box cutter fell from my hands and hit the ground with a dull thunk. The sound abruptly brought me back to reality. Dad's familiar face was so contorted that he looked like an entirely different person. I had to smile. Had to reassure him...*
Narration: *But different words came out of my mouth.*
Michiru: ...Daddy... have I gone insane?
Narration: *Dad hugged me closely for the first time in many years. But it was very different from that girl's embrace. Even though he was holding me close, I could feel a vast chasm looming between us.*
Narration: *That very night, I was admitted to a new hospital. Not that I had any choice in the matter.*
Narration: *It was the kind of building that has iron bars on every window, even though you could only crack them open a few centimeters anyway.*
Narration: *It was very quiet there. All of the patients were tranquil and sedate. Sometimes I felt as though I'd wandered into some forgotten corner of the afterlife.*
Narration: *They told me that people suffering from illnesses of the mind were gathered here, but I never saw anyone thrash around violently or scream and rant at phantoms. Everyone had a content, vaguely dopey little smile on their faces. For the most part, they passed the days quietly watching television.*
Narration: *There were times when I found those constant, unchanging smiles frightening, but I got the idea soon enough. Basically, it was a place where you could live without getting tangled up in your emotions.*
Narration: *You could pass the time peacefully, only thinking about pleasant things. To put the opposite spin on it, in that place you weren't allowed to think about anything else.*
Narration: *When they let us outside for a walk, the metal shackles that usually bound my legs were removed; in exchange, they looped a rope around our waists.*
Narration: *All the patients were tied together on that one length of rope, like children pretending to be a train. Even though we were all grown up now. I always thought that was kind of silly.*
Narration: *The medicine they gave me there made my mind feel pleasantly clear. The other personality didn't emerge; that eerie voice didn't crawl through my veins like a swarm of insects.*
Narration: *It was like living inside a tightly closed music box. Boring, but very peaceful. I stayed in there for a long time.*
Narration: *I didn't talk with anyone. For the most part, I just stood quietly by the wall, trying not to stand out. Trying to shrink myself down to the point where the world would overlook me.*
Narration: *But one day, I caught my chains on the leg of a chair and tripped to the ground. That had never happened before, so I wasn't sure what to do.*
Narration: *Fortunately, no one insulted me or yelled angrily. Instead, a few patients nearby put their hands to their mouths and giggled softly in amusement.*
Narration: *I liked hearing that sound. And lying there on the ground, an idea occurred to me. Maybe if I fell on purpose, I could make people laugh again.*
Narration: *The next day, I tripped again. Again, the people who noticed laughed a little. The day after that, I deliberately spilled a glass of water, and once more I heard the pleasant sound of laughter. Emboldened by my success, I spoke.*
Michiru: Silly cup... spilled all on its own.
Narration: *More people laughed than before. Their voices were warm and gentle.*
Narration: *I'd found a way to make myself useful. By devoting myself to clowning around, I could at least make others smile.*
Narration: *From that day on, I acted out a sillier version of myself. An exaggerated, funny caricature of me. And I sustained myself on a sugary-sweet diet of laughter.*
Narration: *All right then. From now on, I'd go with this way of life. The pretending didn't bother me. It was worth it to do something for other people. It was worth it to have something to live for.*
Narration: *Nobody had appreciated me before because I wanted them to like the real me. Problem was, the real me wasn't any good. So I might as well just pretend.*
Narration: *All I had to do was act out the most convenient role. Force out the most convenient emotions. Become someone who put a smile on people's faces.*
Narration: *Even if that meant the real me disappeared entirely, I didn't care. I was a little anxious about whether someone as stupid as me could even act convincingly, but... I had no choice but to try.*
Narration: *Among the patients, I gained a niche as the weird but funny girl.*
Narration: *As I grew into the role, I became more lively. In time, the doctors decided I was on my way to a full recovery, and politely ejected me from the hospital.*
Narration: *I'd lost my place in the world, but my parents soon found me another. Apparently they'd heard somewhere or other about this special school that only gathered students with complicated "circumstances." I was enrolled in Mihama Academy soon after my return.*
Narration: *I kept right on playing the clown in this school. I thought it would be nice to keep everyone laughing. And in fact, that's just how things turned out. The days rolled past pleasantly enough, for the most part.*
Narration: *But every once in a while, I'd abruptly remember that this too was nothing but an artificial make-believe world. When everyone laughed together, I wasn't smiling from the heart. And over time, my uncertainty grew.*
Narration: *I didn't want to lose what I'd found here, but I didn't want to grow dependent on it. The more I pretended to be someone I wasn't, the less I understood what I wanted to do. Did an impostor like me really belong here in the first place?*
Narration: *It felt like I was living in an ant-lion's pit. There was nowhere else for me to go, no way out of the rut. All I could do was struggle not to fall.*
Michiru: So that's... me.
Narration: *Having delivered her lengthy story in one uninterrupted sitting, Michiru finally pauses, her face lined with fatigue.*
Michiru: I've been taking medicine to suppress the other person inside of me. I've been living as a make-believe character to make people laugh. That's who I am. So... thanks. Thanks for sleeping with the likes of me.
Michiru: Even if it was fake... even if you were just pretending to love me... thank you for doing it.
Michiru: I guess it made me so happy that I... almost let myself misunderstand. But don't worry, I know it was all a lie.
Michiru: When you hugged me... or kissed me... I would always think, "I don't want this moment to end."
Michiru: But everything ends, doesn't it? Everybody goes away eventually. Pretty scary, isn't it?
Narration: *Scratching my head, I search for the words Michiru needs to hear. They prove surprisingly easy to find.*
Yuuji: What you need right now isn't this fatalistic pessimism. It's medical treatment. A visit to the hospital would be a good start. Your problem's too complex to face on your own.
Yuuji: For now, let the professionals figure it out. And after they've found the cause, work slowly and surely toward getting better.
Narration: *I think I understand the general outline of the situation. The memories of her organ donor have influenced Michiru's mind. Or so she thinks, at least. Not exactly a common phenomenon, but apparently not entirely unprecedented.*
Narration: *Whatever the case may be, what the girl needs is appropriate treatment in an appropriate setting.*
Michiru: ...Yeah. So I've gotta go back to the hospital... no matter what?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'd strongly recommend it. I doubt they'll keep you there longer than a week for an examination like this. And I'm worried about you.
Michiru: ...Worried, huh? That'd make me happy. If you mean it.
Yuuji: Why would I lie? I didn't dislike that make-believe game of yours. I probably could've found another way to kill time, but playing around with you was... well, enjoyable.
Michiru: ...Really?
Yuuji: I'm not lying. How many times do you want to make me say the same exact thing?
Michiru: I'm sorry... but... you enjoyed being with me...? That makes me... really happy...
Yuuji: I don't want you to disappear on me, Michiru. I'd find that unpleasant.
Michiru: Unpleasant? Why?
Yuuji: This is seriously the last time I'm going to repeat myself... Because the time I spent with you wasn't half bad.
Michiru: ...Okay.
Narration: *I take Michiru by the shoulders and look her straight in the eyes.*
Yuuji: You're living in the present, Michiru. Don't let yourself get caught up in the past. You can't fix it.
Yuuji: What's done can't be undone, but the future's still yours to shape. Incredibly obvious, yes, but it doesn't hurt to keep that in mind. Right now, your future is on the line. You need to take control of it.
Narration: *With that said, I kiss Michiru briefly on the lips. She turns down her face in embarrassment and hesitates for a moment, studying the floor as if deciding which words to pick up off the ground.*
Michiru: Thanks, Yuuji.
Narration: *In the end, she chooses extremely simple ones.*
Narration: *Extremely simple, but not half-bad. A pretty respectable choice, actually.*
Michiru: Anyway... if you say I should go for an examination, Yuuji, I'll do it. Tomorrow, even. I mean, the earlier the better, right?
Yuuji: True. Leave the arrangements with the hospital to me. I'll get something worked out.
Michiru: Thanks. Sorry to be such a nuisance.
Yuuji: You're not a nuisance. But if you're feeling guilty anyway, you can show me your gratitude once you're feeling better.
Michiru: ...Using my body?
Yuuji: No. Don't be an idiot.
Michiru: Ehehe, just kidding. Hey, uhm... if we're going to the hospital tomorrow, can we leave early in the morning?
Yuuji: I don't mind, but why?
Michiru: It'd be embarrassing if the other girls saw, you know? So, well... yeah, that's it. Could we make it five in the morning, please?
Yuuji: Sure, not a problem. For now you should get some rest.
Michiru: Yeah, got it... Hey, Yuuji. I...
Michiru: I love you.
Michiru: ...Not. Psych. As if...
Narration: *She delivers this line in such a subdued, quavery tone of voice that I can't help but laugh.*
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah, I got it... All right then, I'll see you tomorrow.
Michiru: Yeah. See you...
Narration: *Ah well... Looks like I'm going to end up indebted to Chizuru yet again.*
Narration: *I spend my walk to the principal's office ruminating on Michiru's story.*
Narration: *Her tale's still fragmentary, and the plot's tangled. Deciphering it is going to be difficult. Might even turn out to be one of those books you can spend a lifetime on without ever finding a conclusive interpretation.*
Narration: *But even so, I've decided to keep turning the pages.*
Narration: *Why? Because it feels like the thing to do. Simple as that.*

Date: *August 21, 2011, 05:00 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *After we parted yesterday, Michiru slept soundly through the night. Sharing the burden she'd carried in secret for so long, even momentarily, must have brought her some relief.*
Narration: *I explained the situation to Chizuru and had her arrange for an investigative stay in a nearby hospital.*
Narration: *Of course, this involved enduring a great deal of sarcasm and sniping, but our principal wasn't about to refuse to help a student in need of medical attention.*
Narration: *I can't say whether she was moved more by pseudo-parental affection or a professional concern for her responsibilities, but I suppose it hardly matters.*
Narration: *Early the next morning, I prepare to see off Michiru. Normally, I'd be pulling on my sweats and heading out for a run right about now, but today I'm skipping that.*
Narration: *An exercise routine is only meaningful when you follow it faithfully; there's no point to doing it at all if you take days off. But I understand that some things are more important than a training schedule.*
Narration: *Some things can withstand a day's neglect; others can be lost in a heartbeat. Difficult as it can be to accurately identify the difference, prioritizing them appropriately is absolutely crucial.*
Narration: *I head upstairs to Michiru's room and knock lightly on the door, but there's no answer. She's most likely still preparing for her departure.*
Narration: *It's generally understood that women take time to get themselves ready to go anywhere. Deciding it best not to rush the girl, I patiently stand by in front of her room for some time.*
Narration: *―Finally deciding that we need to get going, I call out her name.*
Yuuji: Michiru... Michiru.
Narration: *But again, there's no response. I suppose it's a little early for her. Maybe she's still sleeping?*
Yuuji: Michiru, everything all right in there?
Narration: *At last, there's a quiet answer from inside the room.*
Michiru: Call my name a few more times. Then I'll come out.
Narration: *Strikes me as a bit of a strange request, but I obey.*
Yuuji: Michiru. Michiru... Michiru.
Narration: *After repeating her name numerous times, I hear a rummaging sound from within. A moment later, Michiru eases open the door, dragging along a small suitcase as if it were loaded with bricks. The girl's wearing strangely dressy clothing.*
Yuuji: ...What's with the outfit?
Michiru: Huh? What d'you mean? Nothing, really. Ah, mmm, well... I mean, we're not gonna be able to see each other, so... I wanted to be in pretty clothes when we said goodbye.
Yuuji: Sure, but you're only going for a week or so, right? You'll be back soon enough. What's the point?
Michiru: ...This is why they say you don't understand the female heart, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Oh? Who's "they?"
Michiru: Sakaki.
Yuuji: Sakaki, huh.
Michiru: Heheh... *Sigh*... Ah, this is kind of a downer...
Narration: *Michiru pouts a little, a clear shade of melancholy in her eyes. Seeing her take this attitude, I feel a twinge of reluctance myself. Maybe the girl could stay. My help might be enough to pull her through the worst of it.*
Michiru: Hm? What's wrong? You've got a scary look on your face.
Yuuji: Hmm... well...

Yuuji: How about a kiss before you go?
Michiru: What, make-believe again?
Yuuji: No. Just a kiss.
Michiru: Hrm. Just a kiss, is it? Very well then.
Yuuji: The way you put that slightly pisses me off.
Michiru: Heheheh. That so? I was actually imitating a certain someone.
Yuuji: ...Oh? Who's that?
Sachi: Hmm? What's all this?
Michiru: Wah! Komine Sachi!? Why are you here!?
Sachi: Well, I woke up unusually early this morning, so I thought I'd take the opportunity to do a little waxing. I'm currently repeating a process of dumping milky-white liquid all over the floors, then wiping it up.
Michiru: N-No kidding...
Sachi: And what about you two? Is something going on?
Michiru: We're just... uhm, well...
Yuuji: We're going to have her looked at.
Sachi: Looked at?
Yuuji: That's right. Michiru collapsed from anemia a little while ago, remember? As a precaution, we're taking her to a hospital for a thorough examination. Nothing too serious. She'll be back better than ever in no time.
Sachi: Wah, is that so? But as you say, at least it doesn't sound as though a lengthy stay will be necessary.
Yuuji: I'll let the others know later. Try not to worry too much.
Sachi: Yes, certainly. I will keep my concern to moderate levels.
Michiru: That's right, it's not like you need to worry or anything. Okay, so... uhm, well... go step out for a minute!
Sachi: Yes, certainly.
Michiru: ...That was a shock. I had no idea Sachi was there...
Yuuji: Really? I saw her hovering around out of the corner of my eye.
Michiru: Then how about you say something? ...Wait, don't tell me that's why you asked about the kiss? Was that a prank?
Yuuji: No, that had nothing to do with it. How about it? Want one?
Michiru: ...No, that's okay. I mean, Sachi popped up out of nowhere and all, so the mood kinda got ruined.
Yuuji: Hrm. In that case, let's get going. I'll carry your luggage.
Michiru: Thanks, but you don't need to do that either. I can handle it myself.
Narration: *Dragging her wheeled suitcase loudly along the path, Michiru turns her head slowly, surveying the campus.*
Michiru: Now that I'm actually saying goodbye, it's a little hard to leave.
Yuuji: Don't get all sentimental. You'll be back soon enough.
Michiru: You're just way too cool-headed, Yuuji. As always.
Yuuji: All right, here we are. Watch yourself out there.
Michiru: Yeah. I'm gonna get going. Oh, but first... Uhm, well...
Yuuji: What's wrong? Need to piss?
Michiru: No! You really are a jerk, you know that? I meant... what you said before, uhm, the...
Yuuji: The kiss?
Michiru: ...Right. I want one after all. 
Yuuji: You sure?
Michiru: Yeah.
Yuuji: Sachi's staring at us, you know?
Sachi: Staaaaaare.
Michiru: Whaaaaa!? Why are you here!?
Sachi: Why? Well, Michiru-sama, that would be because you told me to "step out." Accordingly, I left the premises of our school. There is no other reason for my presence here. Is there a problem?
Michiru: O-Oh, is that it? Got it. All right, can I ask you for just one more favor before I leave?
Sachi: Of course. What is your pleasure?
Michiru: Turn around for a minute.
Sachi: Yes, certainly.
Michiru: sHurry up and kiss... Mmf.
Narration: *Michiru practically collapses against me, and I press my lips firmly against hers. Our hot breath mingles together; the wet sound of saliva-swapping fills the air.*
Michiru: Mm, mm... mmf... hooha.
Yuuji: Good enough?
Michiru: Yeah, I'm satisfied. Hoo. Sachi, you can turn around now.
Sachi: Yes, I shall now return to my prior facing.
Narration: *Michiru's cheeks are slightly red, but Sachi gives no outward indication of curiosity or suspicion.*
Michiru: Sorry, I had a little business to take care of with Yuuji. Anyway, this is for you.
Sachi: The key... to your room?
Michiru: Yeah. If you get bored while I'm not around and don't have anywhere else to clean, you can tidy up my room. 
Sachi: Yes, by all means. I'll spew cloudy liquid all over it.
Michiru: C-Can you stop saying that? ...All right, here we go.
Narration: *Michiru takes a deep breath, then turns to face me once more.*
Michiru: Yuuji, thanks for everything. 
Narration: *And with those words, she bows her head deeply.*
Yuuji: Cut it out. Coming from you, that just feels weird.
Michiru: Ehehe. Guess you're right.
Sachi: Please do take care, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Naturally. Make sure you keep on looking after Yuuji, all right?
Sachi: Y-Yes, of course. Well then, until the day we meet again.
Michiru: Bye bye, Sachi.
Yuuji: All right, see you later.
Michiru: Yeah... goodbye!
Narration: *With a small wave, Michiru leaves the school, dragging her suitcase behind her.*
Sachi: Is it just my imagination? Michiru-sama... almost seemed to be saying her final goodbyes.
Yuuji: Don't know about that. You're probably just overthinking things.
Narration: *I tried to reassure Sachi, but the fact of the matter is I'm in agreement with her observation. Michiru left as though expecting never to see us again.*
Narration: *After Michiru finally disappears in the distance, Sachi and I make our way back to the dormitory.*
Narration: *In a reversal of those summer weeks, this time Michiru's the only one who's vanished from this place. It's going to be a little dull in her absence. Guess I'll have to find some way to kill the time...*

Date: *August 24, 2011, 11:43 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *I ended up taking on the role of explaining Michiru's one-week absence from the dorm to our classmates. Chizuru was in an unusually cranky mood, and... well, that pretty much covers it, actually.*
Narration: *Grown women can sometimes behave in astonishingly childish ways.*
Narration: *Life would probably be a little easier and less aggravating if not for this aspect of female psychology, but I suppose it's often an element of "cuteness" as well. Although in this particular case, I'm not confident that applies.*
Yuuji: That's right. It's just an observational stay. Not much more than a check-up, really.
Narration: *Everyone was aware Michiru had been suffering from "anemia," so the news didn't come as that much of a shock. As I carefully stressed that her stay was "just to be on the safe side," they accepted my explanation without too much fuss.*
Narration: *The problems came after that. Without Michiru around, unexpected quirks began to appear in our daily lives. Like an image gradually taking form on a sheet of photo paper, the changes grew more distinct with the passage of time.*
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*
Yuuji: What's the matter, Sakaki?
Yumiko: Oh, nothing in particular.
Yuuji: That so? All right then, I'll see you later.
Yumiko: Ah, hold on a minute. Hear me out after all.
Yuuji: You really don't know how to be honest with yourself, do you?
Yumiko: ...If you say so. Uhm, anyway, it's about Irisu-san.
Yuuji: Hoh. Something up with Makina?
Yumiko: It's a little hard to say this, but, uhm... she's a bit of a nuisance. No, more than a bit.
Yuuji: A nuisance? Elaborate.
Yumiko: Don't misunderstand, I'm not insulting the girl. But somehow, she seems... well, a good deal more pushy than usual, perhaps...
Narration: *Hrm. I haven't noticed any such thing, personally. Wonder what's going on here?*
Makina: Ah, it's Yumi-chan. Hey, hey, listen ta this! 
Yumiko: Uh, sure. Later. A little later, all right?
Makina: That's what ya said yesterday! C'mooon, what's the deal? Well? Huh?
Yumiko: Sorry, I'm a little busy. Next time, okay? Bye!
Makina: Huuuhhhh? Hmm. That's weird. Hey, Onii-chan, were ya doin' somethin' weird to Yumi-chan?
Yuuji: Don't be an idiot. Forget her, what's with you?
Makina: Mm... I'm fine, ya know? But that Yumi-chan's been a little cold lately. Wonder what her deal is, actin' like that alluva sudden...
Yuuji: I see. That's interesting.
Makina: Huh!? What's so interestin' about that? It's boring as heck! Bzzt! Ya just earned yerself a punishment game!
Yuuji: I refuse.
Makina: Uu. Okay then, bzzt, mystery whatever-game!
Yuuji: I'm getting the idea you just want to drag me into playing with you.
Makina: Well, I guess ya could say that. Chiruchiru ain't around, so I'm bored!
Narration: *At this point, the situation finally makes sense. Normally, Makina would be messing around with Michiru on a daily basis, but her favorite target's been absent for a few days now. Instead, Sakaki's been taking the brunt of her mischief.*
Narration: *We've all learned to play along with Makina's demented games every once in a while, but a constant barrage of attention would be exhausting. Hence Sakaki's irritation, which Makina interpreted as hostility.*
Yuuji: I see, so that's how it is. That girl's been playing an important role in her own right.
Makina: Huh? What's goin' on?
Yuuji: I'm sure you'll figure it out soon enough. It'll be interesting to see what other effects emerge, if any...
Makina: Huhhhhh? Onii-chan, I don't understand what you're even talkin' about anymore.
Sachi: Hee, haa, haa... so very tired... 
Yuuji: Oh, and now it's Sachi. What's wrong?
Sachi: Well, I was just carrying out everyone's requests like always, but for some reason I find myself considerably more worn out than usual...
Makina: Ooh, ya get th' candy I asked for?
Sachi: Yes, I bought it for you. Here's your Tastee-Twist.
Makina: Yaaay! Sticker-Surprise Tastees! Ama-nee only lets me have a tiny bit o' candy every day, ya know? 
Makina: I was havin' Chiruchiru secr'tly supp-luh-ment me from her stash, but without her around my tummy's been grumblin' somethin' fierce.
Yuuji: Michiru's constantly doing you favors, isn't she?
Makina: Huh? C'mon, I'm always helpin' that thing out too. It's all good.
Yuuji: Not referring to her as a "thing" might be a step in the right direction.
Sachi: Come to think of it, when Michiru-sama requests something, she'll often give me information about where the items on my list are being sold. I've been missing that assistance lately...
Sachi: For some reason, everyone seems to request limited-edition products most frequently. Preliminary investigation and careful planning are often necessary to track them down, so it's relatively tiring.
Narration: *From the sound of things, Michiru's been playing middleman between the others... casually helping out and smoothing a lot of minor problems over.*
Narration: *Guess it makes sense. Sachi does so many chores as the school's "maid" that it'd have to get stressful without a little assistance.*
Narration: *I've noticed Michiru's acts of kindness once or twice before, but I hadn't realized that her behind-the-scenes support played this large a role in the group's normal dynamic.*
Sachi: W-Well then, please excuse me. Hoo, haa...
Makina: Sacchin looks hella worn out... Mm, tasty. Tastee's hella tasty...
Amane: Hmm...
Makina: Huh? What's wrong, Ama-nee?
Amane: I had Sacchan buy some stuff for me, but this isn't quite what I asked for...
Makina: Ooh. Gonna have her take it back?
Amane: No, I mean... Sacchan has a really strong sense of responsibility, you know? A little too strong, frankly. It's a little hard to point out her mistakes or whatever.
Makina: Guess ya got a point there. Aaah, what a pain in th' ass. 
Amane: If Michiru was around, I could probably just swap with her, but...
Makina: So not havin' Chiruchiru around sucks for you too, Ama-nee?
Amane: Well, I dunno, it's just a little... Yeah, I guess it kind of sucks.
Yuuji: I see. Her over-the-top tsundere act tends to draw all the attention, but the girl's surprisingly helpful with the little things.
Makina: Hwah? C'mon, it's gotta be a coincidence. I mean, Chiruchiru's sorta... an idiot, ya know?
Yuuji: Well, I won't deny she's a little naive at times.
Amane: Oho, what's all this? You know, I thought Yuuji and Michiru were getting friendlier lately... Is something going on with you two?
Yuuji: Depends on your definition of "something."
Amane: Wow, way to be a tease...
Date: *August 26, 2011, 14:27 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *Michiru should be back in another two days or so. I'm curious about the results of her examination, but I've decided to refrain from contacting her beforehand. Probably better not to give the girl too much to think about right now.*
Narration: *Hopefully, she'll return before these small stresses the group's been undergoing build up into anything troublesome...*
Yumiko: Uhm, Kazami-kun...
Yuuji: What? Here to file another complaint about Makina?
Yumiko: No, nothing like that. I was just thinking... I never had the chance to hand these over.
Narration: *Sakaki hands me a number of souvenir flags from her vacation. A half-dozen, to be exact.*
Yuuji: These for Michiru?
Yumiko: That's right. I did want to give them to her myself, but I couldn't quite find the right moment. You seem to be getting along with her lately, so I thought you might be able to pass them on for me.
Yuuji: Understood. I'll pass them on. Can I just tell her they're "souvenirs from Sakaki?"
Yumiko: W-Well, yes. Not that you really have to...
Yuuji: If I hand her six pennants without saying a word, she'll probably just be confused.
Yumiko: Oh... true. Yes, that would be fine.
Yuuji: All right. Thank you.
Yumiko: Huh?
Yuuji: I'm expressing gratitude on Michiru's behalf. Thanks for the souvenirs.
Yumiko: O-Okay. Sure... Goodbye, then.
Narration: *Got to get things prepared for a smooth return...*
Narration: *Since our maid is currently exhausted, maybe I should tidy up Michiru's room in her place? Then again, fiddling around in a woman's room without permission strikes me as a bit questionable.*
Narration: *Also, to be honest, it would be pretty damn embarrassing if anyone noticed me doing it.*
Yuuji: Well, I'm sure Sachi will be willing to do it, overworked as she might be. Maybe I'll pick her up an energy drink...
Narration: *Mumbling to myself, I leave the dorm and head for the convenience store.*

Date: *August 27, 2011, 08:13 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *Our routines may have been disrupted by Michiru's absence, but I haven't been neglecting my training.*
Narration: *Running through nature every morning gives you an intimate understanding of the passing of the seasons. These last few days, the air rushing past me has carried a smell suggestive of the imminent end of summer.*
Narration: *Having finished my daily marathon, I took a quick shower in my room. Michiru should be back tomorrow, but it doesn't feel particularly real yet. Not that I doubt she'll be returning, but...*
Narration: *This was a purely observatory stay, so the real question is what results the hospital's examinations will have produced. Not surprising that I'd still feel a little uneasy, I suppose.*
Sachi: It is I, Komine Sachi.
Yuuji: No need for the formalities. Come in.
Sachi: Certainly. Please excuse me.
Narration: *Sachi enters my room, her expression slightly troubled. Do we have a situation of some sort?*
Yuuji: What's wrong? You've got a gloomy look on your face.
Sachi: Well, yes. I actually have something to discuss regarding Michiru-sama. 
Yuuji: Michiru? You hear something about her?
Sachi: No. It doesn't concern Michiru-sama herself, but rather her room.
Yuuji: So what happened, then? Let's hear the details.
Sachi: Yes, I will gladly elaborate. As you know, I was entrusted with the cleaning of Michiru-sama's room in her absence.
Sachi: Therefore, I recently tidied up the room, vacuumed the carpet, and finished by wiping off the floor with a dustcloth... but, well, there was one final problem I didn't quite know how to handle.
Yuuji: Hrm. A butterfingers-style dilemma, perhaps? Knock something fragile over?
Sachi: No, buttery fingers were not involved. The problem in question was... a box.
Yuuji: A box?
Sachi: Yes, a small box with a lock. I attempted to open it so as to put the contents in order, but this proved impossible without tools. 
Sachi: Therefore, I fetched an electric saw, plugged it into the outlet in Michiru-sama's room, and threw the switch.
Sachi: The vrr-vrr-vrr of the motor was quite pleasant to the ear. I was fully prepared to split the insolent piece of furniture in twain. But at that moment, a certain doubt struck me. 
Sachi: "Is it really acceptable for me to destroy another's belongings? With an electric saw, no less?"
Sachi: If something were to fall and break in the course of my cleaning, that would be divine providence, so I wouldn't be in the wrong. However, would it really be all right to produce the same effect intentionally?
Sachi: If only I had thought to inquire how much I could destroy when Michiru-sama made her request, it would never have come to this, but alas...
Yuuji: I see. All right then, I'll take care of that box. That should resolve your issue, right?
Sachi: Yes, I do think I would appreciate that. Here is the key to Michiru-sama's room. Well then, I still have much work to attend to, so I'll excuse myself. 
Narration: *Sachi promptly bows and leaves the room. I drop the key on my desk, then fall back onto my bed. Naturally, I have no plans of actually doing anything about this box.*
Narration: *Considering that it's locked, there's probably something Michiru doesn't want us seeing inside. No need to go out of my way to poke around.*
Narration: *I pick up a paperback and begin reading once more. But before I'm halfway through the page, there's another knock at my door.*
Sachi: Uhm, Kazami-san...
Yuuji: What's wrong, Sachi?
Sachi: As a matter of fact, I pressed my ear to your door in order to monitor the situation inside. And for some reason, I heard the sound of a key being tossed aside, and then the sound of a human body falling onto a bed.
Sachi: Finally, there was the sound of rustling paper, as though someone was beginning to read a book.
Yuuji: H-Hrm.
Sachi: I'm sure this is a simple misunderstanding on my part. Surely you wouldn't think "it's not like I have to worry about one little box," Kazami-san.
Sachi: S-Surely you would never... n-neglect your promise to your trusting classmate, Komine Sachi...?
Yuuji: Calm yourself. I was just about to head over.
Sachi: Wah. I do apologize. To think, I nearly doubted my trustworthy friend...
Yuuji: Not a problem. Anyway, yes, I'm planning to go.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: What now?
Sachi: Oh, nothing. I'm simply maintaining my vigil until you actually leave. Just to be on the safe side. I was entrusted with cleaning Michiru-sama's room, so, well... my mission isn't complete until that final box is taken care of.
Sachi: Now that I've passed on one aspect of that task to Kazami-san, if by some remote chance you were to think "What's the big deal? Just one little box," and neglect your...
Yuuji: All right, all right. I'm not neglecting anything. You want me to go immediately, right?
Sachi: Yes. You have my sincerest gratitude.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ...What's wrong? I'm going to take care of the box. You can leave now.
Sachi: Understood. I, Komine Sachi, shall wait outside the door until you have completed dealing with the box in question. And then leave. 
Yuuji: You're such a handful... Fine, got it. Just wait until I'm done.
Sachi: Yes! 
Narration: *I enter to find the room sparkling clean and neatly organized, just as Sachi said.*
Narration: *The only thing even slightly out of place is the small box resting on Michiru's bed.*
Narration: *It's an unassuming, simple little wooden chest, but notably solid and sturdy. You could imagine a pirate stashing treasure in this thing.*
Narration: *Probably a hand-made product from some local general store. Seems fairly well-worn from years of use.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi, are you still out there?
Sachi: Yes.
Narration: *Sachi responds instantly. She's clearly hovering just outside, waiting for me to deal with the box. Feels like I've gotten roped into an Explosive Ordnance Disposal detail.*
Narration: *Taking the box in my hands, I begin to fiddle around idly with the lock.*
Yuuji: Hrm. You absolutely determined to have me look inside this thing?
Sachi: I think that would be best. After all, I was entrusted with the cleaning of this room. It may be only a small box, but to neglect it would be to neglect my...
Yuuji: All right, all right. Just hold on a minute.
Sachi: Yes!
Narration: *Well then, what's the next move? I'm naturally a bit reluctant to open Michiru's private property without her approval.*
Narration: *That said, I can't exactly stand around here all day. Have to think up some excuse and persuade Sachi...*
Yuuji: Sachi, my friend, where did you find this?
Sachi: Let's see... It was just sitting on top of the desk, I believe.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *If she didn't hide the thing, does that mean she doesn't particularly mind if someone looks inside? Tricky judgment call.*
Narration: *―Crap. I was just playing around with the box absent-mindedly, but I seem to have gotten the thing open without even realizing it. Curse my instinctive kleptomania.*
Narration: *A mechanism this easily picked barely even counts as a lock. Surely you'd guard anything you really wanted to protect a little more securely.*
Yuuji: Guess it hardly matters now that I've opened it. May as well take a look.
Narration: *To be honest, I'm a little curious myself. And I've half-convinced myself of the dubious theory that the girl actually wanted someone to look inside. Well, whatever my excuse, I open Michiru's box and peer inside.*
Yuuji: ...What's this?
Sachi: Kazami-san, is something the matter?
Yuuji: Sorry, but be quiet for a second.
Narration: *There are several small notebooks and a number of photographs inside. The majority of the pictures seem to have been taken before I arrived at this school... mainly casual snapshots and group photos featuring Michiru's classmates.*
Narration: *But in each and every one, Michiru's face has been cut out of the image. The rest is left intact. Removing only herself from the world, but preserving the others carefully.*
Narration: *I thoroughly examine the photographs one by one. There's a shot of Michiru sandwiched between Makina and Amane; Michiru leaning against a slightly embarrassed Sakaki; Michiru having her shoulders massaged by Sachi.*
Narration: *In every case, Michiru's face alone is precisely snipped out with scissors.*
Narration: *At a glimpse, these all appear to have been taken in happy moments. But that's probably exactly why she did this.*
Narration: *Michiru must have felt that she didn't belong there. The girl must have been unable to accept the presence of her "false" self in these happy scenes.*
Narration: *The notebooks are filled with memos written in small characters. Notes on the performance she's been putting on in this school.*
Narration: *There are also extensive itemized lists concerning Sakaki, Amane, Makina, and Sachi's likes and dislikes. Notes on what makes them upset and happy, clearly accumulated through careful trial and error.*
Narration: *Seems pretty clear that the girl was using this as a reference for her many small acts of kindness.*
Yuuji: That girl...
Narration: *My honest thoughts slip out of my mouth against my will.*
Yuuji: ...Is an idiot.
Narration: *Even after all this effort, Michiru didn't exactly pull off the charade, did she? Sometimes her act was more convincing than others, but as a whole she was just trying way too hard.*
Narration: *That tsundere character must have been part of her plan as well, but I saw through it on the very first day. And of course, everyone else also knows that's not her true nature.*
Narration: *Even so, she stuck with it, convinced that playing the clown was the only way she could be anything but a nuisance.*
Yuuji: I'll give her an A for effort, but seriously...
Narration: *Handwriting seems to be another weakness of Michiru's. Her thoughts and feelings spill out across the pages in characters that even the most generous observer would have to call "sloppy."*
Narration: *But I'm only laughing at first. The earnest notes on her classmates and dubious strategies for forming smooth relationships eventually give way to a diary.*
Narration: *And its contents are largely occupied with the terror she feels toward her "other self."*
Narration: *Flipping through the pages, I jump through the story in chronological order.*
Narration: *5/15*
Narration: *My heart started hurting again today. I thought I was used to it by now, but the pain gets so strong it feels like my body's going to burst. When bad things like this happen, all I want to do is run away from reality.*
Narration: *The world's scary. Still, I've got to live in it.*
Narration: *I don't think I can possibly be of any real use to anyone, but I don't want to be a nuisance either.*
Narration: *I don't want any more gaps in my memory. It's really scary... I'm really scared that one day, I'm not going to be myself anymore.*
Narration: *5/19*
Narration: *I was just talking with everybody when I sort of blacked out for a second. Or I thought it was a second. Apparently a fairly long time passed.*
Narration: *It didn't really seem like anything went wrong this time, but I'm scared something like before will happen again. Gotta take my medicine to make sure it doesn't. Gotta make sure I don't stop being me.*
Narration: *5/25*
Narration: *A guy transferred into the school today. He seems to be suspicious about my personality. Gotta do a better job.*
Narration: *5/30*
Narration: *I don't really get Yuuji. Can't figure him out. Is he angry all the time or what? Hope he doesn't hate me or anything. I'm not so good with smart people. They tend to look down on me.*
Narration: *But it kinda feels like Yuuji's looking down on everyone, not just me. I don't really get it.*
Narration: *6/10*
Narration: *Losing my memories usually means something bad, but today a nice thing happened.*
Narration: *I don't remember how, but I found a cat near the sea. A small black guy with squishy little pink pads on his feet. He was really cute. Will they get mad at me if I feed him?*
Narration: *6/13*
Narration: *The cat was friendly today. It made me happy. Did he like the cheese-flavored fish paste I gave him? I'll try won ton next time.*
Narration: *But I know I shouldn't get too friendly, either. If the cat leaves me, I'd feel really lonely. I don't know what I'd do if he goes away.*
Narration: *6/17*
Narration: *Yuuji saw me playing with the cat today. It was really embarrassing.*
Narration: *7/22*
Narration: *I kissed a boy for the first time in my life. Or rather, I got kissed.*
Narration: *Why did Yuuji do that? I don't understand.*
Narration: *I don't understand anything about that guy. I never have.*
Narration: *I don't know if I can even look him in the eye anymore. Stupid Yuuji.*
Narration: *7/25*
Narration: *Stupid Yuuji.*
Narration: *7/28*
Narration: *It sounds like everyone's gonna leave for summer vacation. There's no way I can spend two weeks all alone with Yuuji. What am I supposed to do?*
Narration: *8/2*
Narration: *I went on a pretend-date with Yuuji. It was all fake, so I won't lose anything. I mean, there isn't anything there to lose in the first place. I want to do it again. Very much.*
Narration: *He gave me lots of rocks as a present. I was really happy. I'll treasure them.*
Narration: *8/7*
Narration: *We gave the cat a name. Meowmel. Kind of a weird name, but a very special one.*
Narration: *Is it really gonna be okay? Maybe he'll run off somewhere now. I'm really scared of that.*
Narration: *8/12*
Narration: *The others came back. I'm happy, but it's kind of scary too. Yuuji doesn't just belong to me anymore.*
Narration: *Of course, we were just playing make-believe all along, so it's okay. It's fun to have everyone here again, but... it's a little painful too.*
Narration: *8/14*
Narration: *My heart hurts. It's all weird. This isn't good. It's not good. Not at all. There's another me. A me who isn't me.*
Narration: *Hey, are you reading this too? Where are you?*
Narration: *8/16*
Narration: *Meowmel's gone. I knew it. I knew he'd leave me.*
Narration: *8/17*
Narration: *I feel terrible. It's like there's a thick fog inside my head. Maybe I don't belong here anymore. You can do better, right? Much, much better. I'm sure of it.*
Narration: *8/18*
Narration: *Please, I can't do this anymore. You take over. Please.*
Narration: *8/20*
Narration: *Today, I got Yuuji to sleep with me. It made me really happy. So then I told Yuuji everything. I told him about you. I told him lots and lots of things. What did you think of that?*
Narration: *I was really happy, but also scared. I was afraid he might hate me.*
Narration: *Tomorrow I'm going to the hospital. And I think this is it for me. I have my memories with Yuuji now, and that's a good enough ending. I want to just... disappear.*
Narration: *I'm too scared. Maybe it'll all fall apart with Yuuji. Maybe someday I'll have to say goodbye to everyone at school. And I can't take any more. I just couldn't endure anything like that again.*
Narration: *So I'm just going to end it now, okay? Please... answer me.*
Narration: *I hated you a lot at first. I thought you were a terrible person. But I was wrong, wasn't I? So maybe you could do me a little favor, just this once?*
Narration: *Please, I'm begging you. Answer me.*
Narration: *8/21*
Narration: *It's a pleasure to meet you. I never expected I'd need to convey my feelings to you this way, but here we are. First of all, I want to apologize for using your body without your knowledge. But please believe me - my intentions were good.*
Narration: *I knew how hard you were trying, and how much you were suffering. And I tried to help you out. I'm sorry it didn't work out that way.*
Narration: *I wanted to become your best friend. Always nestled close at your side, ready to lend a hand when you ran into trouble.*
Narration: *I wanted to stroke your head and kiss your cheek so that the lonely nights wouldn't feel so frightening. But I ended up hurting you instead. I really am very sorry.*
Narration: *Don't talk about disappearing. If anyone has to disappear, that should be my role. This body is yours, remember? So please, let them examine you properly. Please go on living.*
Narration: *It's a pleasure to meet you as well. I didn't think you'd actually respond, so this was a real surprise.*
Narration: *It's early in the morning right now, and I've got to go to the hospital soon. I'm a little worried if I'll be able to write a proper reply. Yuuji should be coming to pick me up any minute.*
Narration: *You really are kind and smart. I think you're better suited to being me than I am.*
Narration: *I'm a stupid, clumsy idiot, so even when I try really hard, it never turns out right. And I'm scared of losing even more than I already have.*
Narration: *When I start feeling really sad, sometimes I'll start falling through darkness all of a sudden. Like someone opened a trap door under my feet. I guess that must be when you come to the surface to play the role of "me."*
Narration: *I hug my knees and curl up in the blackness, squeezing my eyes tightly shut. But when the dark gets so scary that I can't take it any more, I open my eyes in search of light.*
Narration: *And that's when I switch places with you and return to this world.*
Narration: *But I'm sorry. I'm done with that now. Next time that happens, I'm going to stay in the dark. I'm never going to open my eyes again.*
Narration: *I mean, that way you'll get to take over for me forever, right?*
Narration: *...Sorry for making this all complicated. Either way, I'm done.*
Narration: *I'll leave everything to you from now on. I think you can do what I couldn't. I think you can live without having anyone hate you. Without losing anything.*
Narration: *Sorry for being so selfish. Sorry for pushing this onto you.*
Narration: *Say hi to Yuuji for me. You don't have to tell him I loved him or anything. Just... stay friends with him forever. Please.*
Narration: *Aw. Somebody just knocked on my door. Yuuji must be here.*
Narration: *Once I leave for the hospital, I won't be able to see him again. Or any of the others. So I guess this is goodbye. And after all this thinking, I still end up feeling really sad.*
Narration: *Life is just a chain of loss, isn't it? It's so very, very... very painful.*
Narration: *Yuuji's calling for me from beyond the door.*
Narration: *I loved hearing him call my name.*
Narration: *Guess I'll be a little selfish at the end. Make him say it lots of times.*
Narration: *That's not too much to ask, right?*
Narration: *When I hear him say my name, my heart always beats fast.*
Narration: *Aah, I've really gotta go now.*
Narration: *Goodbye.*
Narration: *I close the notebook and put it away. At the very bottom of the box, she's stowed the rocks I gave her on our first play-date. I told the girl to throw them away, but it seems she didn't listen.*
Narration: *To anyone else, they'd just look like stones. But to Michiru, they must have been a treasure of sorts.*
Narration: *If it was going to turn out like this, maybe I should have given her something a little more respectable after all. But it's too late for regrets; time doesn't wait for us to realize our mistakes. That's just how this world works.*
Narration: *I shut the lid and push the box deep inside Michiru's closet.*
Yuuji: Sachi, I'm done with that box.
Sachi: Wah, just the sort of speedy work I would expect from you, Kazami-san. And what were its contents?
Yuuji: The contents? Ah, right...
Narration: *After thinking the matter over for a moment, I offer a brief response.*
Yuuji: It was empty.
Sachi: Empty? I see. Very well then. In that case, I suppose the cleaning is now complete.
Yuuji: That's right. Nice work, by the way. The place's really sparkling. Michiru will definitely be overjoyed when she gets back.
Sachi: Well, I only fulfilled my duties as normal, but... I'd be very happy indeed if this were to please Michiru-sama. I can't wait for tomorrow...
Yuuji: True enough. Hope tomorrow gets here quickly.
Narration: *Sachi trots off down the hallway with a spring in her step.*
Narration: *I lean against Michiru's door and heave a leaden sigh.*

Date: *August 28, 2011 04:53 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *Seems that Michiru's "goodbye" really was intended as a final farewell.*
Narration: *"I'm terrified of losing the things I care about, so I'll erase myself before any more sad things can happen."*
Narration: *I can understand the logic. Here's my question, though: what about the people you leave behind?*
Narration: *Michiru herself was abandoned by the girl she called her best friend. Won't her own abrupt exit leave others to suffer in the same way?*
Narration: *Is she really selfish enough to ignore their feelings? Or stupid enough not to realize people care about her?*
Narration: *I cast my eyes down to my wristwatch. The digital display precisely ticks off the time, busily rearranging its pixels with every passing second.*
Narration: *―It'll be five in the morning soon.*
Narration: *I had a feeling Michiru would return about this time. I don't know what sort of condition she's in right now, but for some reason I'm confident about this.*
Yuuji: Guess the training's on hold again.
Narration: *Neglecting my physical maintenance to wait anxiously for a woman's return... Would've been unthinkable just a few months ago.*
Yuuji: I've really come down in the world...
Narration: *Murmuring a little self-ridicule, I leave my room.*
Narration: *Outside, I find Sachi wandering around the courtyard, restlessly sweeping away dust with her broom.*
Yuuji: What's going on? You're up awful early.
Sachi: Yes. After all, Michiru-sama will be returning to us today! We have to receive her properly, so I thought it would be best to clean the garden as well. *Hustle* *Bustle 
Yuuji: I see, so that's what this is about. But why start waiting this early in the morning?
Sachi: Well, I didn't know exactly when she would be returning, so just to be on the safe side I began waiting at three in the morning.
Narration: *Hrm. Guess that explains the rustling sound I heard outside in the middle of the night... Sachi sure is a scrupulous one. To an idiotic degree.*
Yuuji: I'm thinking she'll be arriving pretty soon. Want to head over with me?
Sachi: Yes! 
Sachi: Aah, my heart is throbbing. It feels like it's been so long since I've seen Michiru-sama.
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm sure she'll be happy to hear you cleaned her room for her.
Sachi: D-Do you think so...? Ah, but it's not as though I did it solely to procure her gratitude, all right?
Yuuji: Yeah, I know. Hm? Ah, speak of the devil...
Narration: *A golden-tinted silhouette comes into view across the road. The twintails projecting from her head are unmistakable. That's Michiru, all right.*
Narration: *From a distance, she doesn't look any different from when she left the school. But the question, of course, is what's inside.*
Sachi: Oh, you're right, it is Michiru-sama! Kazami-san, your vision is quite sharp...
Yuuji: Don't exaggerate. From this distance, anyone could tell at a glance.
Narration: *Michiru approaches slowly, dragging her luggage behind her and watching the ground. After finally reaching us, she comes to an abrupt halt.*
Michiru: Oho? What're you two up to this early? Here to greet me, perhaps? You shouldn't have!
Sachi: W-Welcome home, Michiru-sama!
Michiru: Hey, Sachi. Did you get the chance to clean my room like I asked?
Sachi: Y-Yes! Quite thoroughly, in fact. Kazami-san lent me his assistance as well. 
Michiru: Oh yeah? Impressive. C'mere, I'll give you some well-deserved praise. *Pat* *Pat*
Sachi: H-Hauu. 
Michiru: Okay then, Yuuji. You want a pat on the head as well?
Yuuji: I think I'll pass.
Michiru: Dang right you will. Why would I pat your head, anyway? Please. Okay then Sachi, can you take my bag? I'm pretty worn out, y'know. Want to go get me some shuteye.
Sachi: W-Wawah. By all means, allow me. 
Narration: *From this conversation, you'd think Michiru was completely fine. It all feels too natural, too smooth. To the point that it's actually a little disturbing.*
Michiru: Okay then, let's get going. Appreciate you showing up too, Yuuji. Why don't you get into your sweats and go running? That's your usual routine at this hour, right? You're gonna lose your edge.
Yuuji: Hold on. I've got something I need to discuss with you.
Michiru: Well, I don't. Okay then Sachi, let's gooo!
Yuuji: That's not going to work. Even if you don't, I do. Understand?
Michiru: *Sigh*... For crying out loud. Not back for five seconds before he gets on his high horse. How rock-headed can one guy be? Fine, whatever. Okay, Sachi, would you mind taking the bag back to my room while we talk? Sorry.
Sachi: Not at all! Such is my role and my purpose. I'll go at once, so please excuse me.
Michiru: Well, what is it? If you've got something to ask me, let's get it over with pronto. I wasn't kidding. I really am tired.
Yuuji: It's not exactly a quick and easy question, but... I'll get right to the point. You're the other Michiru, aren't you?
Michiru: ...Whaaaat? Where's this coming from? Sorry, I don't follow... Are you feeling all right? Maybe it got so lonely without me that you lost touch with reality?
Yuuji: Spare me the games. I'm asking you a serious question. Or is dodging around like that what passes for honesty in your book?
Michiru: Huh!? But I seriously don't get it! I mean, what? Why're you mad?
Yuuji: I'm not mad, woman.
Michiru: Really? Your voice is kind of loud. Girls don't like that sort of thing, you know? Gently and softly is the way to go.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I don't understand the girl's real intentions. What's she playing at here?*
Yuuji: All right, I'll change the question. What were the results of your medical examination?
Michiru: Hrm, in that case I'll give you an answer. There were no problems whatsoever. I mean, obviously. That's why I'm back.
Michiru: They said I was badly stressed, but that's just part of modern life, right? So it's all good.
Michiru: ...Are we done now?
Yuuji: Yeah, I suppose we are. Go on back to your room and get some rest.
Michiru: Thanks. Well then, I'll see you later, Yuuji-kun.
Yuuji: ...Yuuji-kun, is it?
Michiru: Ah, that's right. Almost forgot. I did have something to tell you as well.
Yuuji: And what's that?
Michiru: You already said your final goodbyes, right? Surely you can figure out the rest. She's sunk deep, deep down in the dark, and she's not coming back to the surface again.
Michiru: That's just how it is. It was her decision to make, and you can't do anything about it. Don't give her even more trouble than you already have, all right?
Sachi: Michiru-samaaa, I've put away your luggage!
Michiru: Ah, okay, thanks! I'll be right there!
Michiru: So there you have it. Not to worry, Yuuji-kun, I'll keep you company if you get lonely.
Narration: *With a wink, the girl turns on her heel and enters the dorm. I'm left behind by myself, unspoken words and unexpressed emotions stewing around inside of me with no outlet.*
Narration: *Michiru once struggled to tell me how it felt to wake up and find "everything wrapped up neatly" without her knowledge. I think I can sort of understand now.*
Narration: *I was concerned about Michiru in my way, but before I had the chance to take action everything's been settled. A "solution" methodically arranged along rigid lines. Like a carefully-built tower of cards I'm not even allowed to touch.*
Yuuji: Well, I think the girl was right about one thing... Might as well run. Have to keep up the routine.
Narration: *Maintain your pace. Play within the established rules; swim with the current. That's the only way to make any progress.*
Narration: *But right now, Michiru's refusing to accept the most fundamental rules of the world. I'm going to need to take action of some sort.*
Yuuji: But before that, I'll run. Sometimes you think better when you're moving.
Narration: *Normally I'd change clothes first, but today I set off in my school uniform. I've got to regain my calm. First I pull myself together... Then I deal with the problem at hand.*

Date: *August 30, 2011, 15:24 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *Our classmates welcomed Michiru's return to the dormitory happily. Even more than the all-clear from her medical examination, they were encouraged by the dramatic improvement in her mood.*
Narration: *The girl's been moving through her normal daily routine as "the usual Michiru." Nobody seems to have caught on to the fundamental change that's taken place deep inside her.*
Narration: *―But as the true Michiru's absence stretches into days, some of her friends seem to be vaguely beginning to sense her subtle transformation.*
Makina: Hey, Onii-chan, there's somethin' I kinda wanted to ask you about.
Yuuji: Go ahead. I'll answer if I can.
Makina: Mmkay, so, it's about Chiruchiru. Don'tcha think she's been a little weird lately?
Yuuji: Hoh. How do you mean?
Makina: Hmm, I dunno how eggs-actly to put this, but... she's kinda weird. I mean, she was weird in th' first place, but it's, like, a different kind of weird? Aaah, I dunno!
Yuuji: I see. Something seems strange about her to you?
Makina: Yeah, it does. You haven't noticed anythin' weird about her, Onii-chan? 
Yuuji: Tricky question... Well, I don't think it's anything you need to worry about.
Makina: I can't help it, ya know? This is really buggin' me... Aah, I'm thinkin' too much, my head's goin' in circles! Gotta take a break before my solar plexus starts wumblin'.
Yuuji: Hrm. You do that.
Narration: *I don't have the slightest idea what a "wumbling solar plexus" might indicate. Probably just mashing together words she picked up somewhere at random again. In any case, it's clear that Makina's starting to notice the change in her friend.*
Narration: *The last time I had a face-to-face conversation with Michiru was the morning I welcomed her home from the hospital with Sachi.*
Narration: *After her return to the dorm, the girl's been beating a quick retreat every time it seems like we might end up alone together. To put it simply, she's blatantly avoiding me.*
Narration: *But that's only strengthened my determination to force her into a long talk. I need to know what the true Michiru was thinking when she decided to disappear from this world.*
Narration: *I'm passing by Michiru's room when I hear the sound of someone clattering around inside. Barging in right now would almost be like cornering her for an interrogation. I hesitate for a moment, but the chance is just too good to pass up.*
Narration: *I knock sharply on the door, then enter the room without waiting for a response.*
Yuuji: Michiru, we need to have a serious...
Yuuji: What, it's you...? Why so shocked?
Sachi: I believe such a sudden entrance is inherently rather shocking. Just to be on the safe side, I will state for the record that I do get surprised like anyone else.
Sachi: More importantly... what's wrong, Kazami-san? Did you have some business in Michiru-sama's room?
Yuuji: Yeah, just a minor errand. So what are you doing in here?
Sachi: What, you ask? Cleaning, naturally. At Michiru-sama's request, to be specific. The room is sparkling, you see? All that's left now is this box.
Narration: *With these words, Sachi produces the small, sturdy box from the other day. I reflexively reach out as if to take it from her hands, but realize halfway through just how strange that would seem.*
Narration: *My outstretched arm, losing its purpose, surrenders to gravity and listlessly drops back to my side.*
Sachi: Is something the matter?
Yuuji: No, not really, but... are you really determined to look inside that thing?
Sachi: Huh? Why wouldn't I? I mean, it's empty, isn't it? Surely there's no reason not to open it and clean the inside.
Yuuji: Empty? Ah, yeah, guess I did say that...
Sachi: Yes, that you did. Since you unlocked it as well, cleaning the inside shouldn't present...
Yuuji: Unlocked...? What?
Narration: *A glance confirms that the box is indeed unsecured. I'm sure I locked it after nosing around inside the other day. Why would it be...?*
Sachi: Ah―
Narration: *I instinctively reach out again in reaction to the strange sight, but this time my timing's bad. I bump Sachi's arm just as she's shifting the box in her hands, and the jolt sends the small chest tumbling to the floor below.*
Sachi: I do apologize, I...
Yuuji: ...No, I'm sorry. That was my fault.
Sachi: Thank goodness, it doesn't seem to have broken... Ah, and its contents...
Sachi: As you said, Kazami-san, it seems to be quite empty.
Yuuji: ―Yeah, that it is. Quite empty.
Narration: *"Just as I said," there's nothing inside. It's just an empty wooden box.*
Narration: *Sachi wipes the dust from its interior with a small cloth, then returns it to the closet.*
Sachi: There we are. The job's complete. 
Yuuji: Tell me, Sachi, was this box empty from the start?
Sachi: It was like this all along... or so I would assume. I hadn't seen the inside until dropping it just now.
Yuuji: I see. In that case, never mind.
Sachi: Well then, I was planning to proceed to cleaning Maki-chan's room next, but...
Yuuji: Go ahead. Don't worry, I'm sure Michiru won't mind me being here.
Sachi: Uhm... I suppose. In that case, please excuse me.
Narration: *I sit down on the bed and lightly roll my shoulders. There were definitely notebooks and pictures in that box. Their disappearance has to mean that the "current Michiru" disposed of them after her return.*
Yuuji: Honestly... Guess it's about time I did something here.
Michiru: Whoa. That was a surprise...
Yuuji: That's my line. What happened to the contents of that box? Those aren't the sort of things you can throw away without permission, woman.
Michiru: Hold on there. I didn't throw anything away "without permission." And incidentally, I don't remember you asking for the go-ahead before barging into the room. Is that not a problem in your book?
Yuuji: Not really. You see, this is Michiru's room, not yours.
Michiru: Oh really? I see.
Narration: *With those words, Michiru throws herself down on the bed next to me. Seemingly indifferent to the concept of personal space, she settles in extremely close.*
Michiru: Uhm, look. You seem to be trying to make me into the bad guy here, but that's just not how it is.
Narration: *The girl peers into my face as she speaks. Her expression's serious.*
Yuuji: I didn't call you the "bad guy." I'm just stating a fact. This is Michiru's room.
Michiru: Sure, you didn't "call me" that. But the way you're looking at me says it all. I'm kind of hurt, to be honest.
Michiru: I mean, it's not like I'm in control of this body because I want to be. Do you understand that?
Yuuji: Yes. I know that much.
Michiru: Ooh, how nice for you. You really are a knowledgeable one, aren't you? Amazing. But you know, there are plenty of things you don't understand. What happens when you die? Nobody knows for sure. I don't have a clue myself.
Michiru: And you, my friend, can't figure out the true feelings of a single little girl. Practically the same as knowing nothing at all.
Yuuji: Look, I'm not talking to you because I want riddles. The games aren't necessary.
Michiru: Understood. Then I'll make this simple.
Narration: *With a deep sigh of resignation, Michiru resumes the conversation on a markedly different note.*
Michiru: At the hospital, the girl told me she's never coming back here again. I tried to talk her out of it. I mean, this body belongs to her. But her decision didn't change.
Yuuji: Never coming back again?
Narration: *I want it all to end. This world is just too sad.*
Narration: *Why do people die? Why do we have to leave each other? Nobody can give me a good answer.*
Narration: *I'm the most worthless person in this world.*
Narration: *So why do I have to force myself to go on living this pathetic, miserable little life?*
Narration: *It wouldn't be so bad if I was just inferior to everybody else, but I'm not even the best "me" inside of me. It's really painful. Really sad.*
Narration: *What's the point of my existence? Nobody's telling me.*
Narration: *Why do the friends who treat me kindly all go away? Why do I have to say goodbye to the people I love?*
Narration: *Everybody else is just turning a blind eye to the fact that it all ends. They're telling themselves comfortable lies. That's how they get through the day.*
Narration: *I don't want to be in a world like that. It's scary. Really, really scary.*
Voice: But are you really all right with just giving up? This is your body. Your life.
Narration: *    I know. But I don't think I can keep this up any longer. So from now on, I'll leave "me" to you. I'm sure you can pull it off a lot better than I ever did.*
Voice: Sorry. It never would've come to this if I'd done a halfway decent job of covering for you.
Narration: *    Nah. There's nothing to be sorry for. This is all my fault.*
Narration: *It's all because I'm stupid. And useless. And meaningless.*
Voice: ...Okay. Good night and sweet dreams. Just tell me if you change your mind, all right? Any time is fine.
Narration: *    No, it's fine. This is it. I'm done.*
Michiru: It seems that girl doesn't intend to come back. Ever.
Yuuji: I see. If that's Michiru's decision, maybe that's the way it'll have to be. But tell me, what are your thoughts on the matter?
Michiru: I think...
Michiru: I think she should go on living in her own body. I mean, this is just the way life is, right?
Michiru: Nobody gets to choose who they are. She has to learn accept herself.
Yuuji: Then again... if Michiru never comes back, you'll be able to live freely, right? As your own person, not someone's stand-in. You'll be able to do what you want to do, when you want to do it.
Yuuji: Pretty decent deal, don't you think? Don't you want another shot at life?
Michiru: ...Well...
Narration: *The girl bites a fingernail as she ponders the question. Probably isn't even aware she's doing it.*
Michiru: Well, yes, I do. But this body doesn't belong to me.
Narration: *Overcoming her moment of hesitation, the girl delivers her answer in a resolute tone. Hrm, I see.*
Yuuji: In other words, you want to respect Michiru's wishes first and foremost?
Michiru: Yes. That about covers it.
Yuuji: No matter what that may mean for you? Or for that body?
Michiru: Huh? What're you talking about?
Yuuji: Just answer the question. You really believe that what Michiru wants should take precedence, correct?
Michiru: ......Yes.
Yuuji: All right then.
Narration: *I slap my hands together smartly. Now we can get started.*
Yuuji: You know, I can't stand people who unilaterally push a little help onto someone and get all proud of themselves for "saving a life." Thinking you can "save" someone as easily as that is a load of egotistical bullshit.
Yuuji: Actually "saving" someone is an incredibly difficult thing. You can sacrifice your entire life in the attempt, and sometimes it still won't be enough.
Yuuji: This world has far too many idiots who mistake themselves for some kind of superhero, savior, or mystical healer. Wounds of the heart can't be patched up by some self-satisfied third party.
Yuuji: Only the person who's suffering can know the depth of those wounds. Nobody else can ever really understand; you've got to face them yourself. Patch yourself together.
Yuuji: Even if your wounds won't ever fully heal, you've got no choice but to bear them. You've got to find a way to go on living anyway.
Yuuji: I'm not going to tell Michiru to "live" or "come on out of there" just because I say so. But right now I need to know her real feelings. And therefore, you're going to take some of these.
Narration: *I retrieve a canister of ramune candy from my pocket. A little something I picked up in Michiru's room earlier.*
Michiru: Is that...?
Yuuji: The medicine she was taking to keep you in check. With you in control, it should bring her back to the surface. I want to hear what she has to say for herself.
Narration: *Staring at the white pills visible inside the container, the girl hesitates, clearly reluctant.*
Michiru: Okay, I understand what you're saying. But the girl's closed off her heart very firmly and very tightly. She's already "dead." I don't think any medicine is going to wake her up again.
Yuuji: Just swallow the pills. Not to worry, I'll give you a generous helping.
Michiru: Mmmngh!!
Narration: *I pour ten or so of the white pills onto my hand, then force them into Michiru's mouth. Now I'll just pinch her nose and cover her mouth...*
Yuuji: Shut up and swallow. It's fine, you won't die or anything.
Narration: *A slightly rough way of doing things, admittedly. But I want to hear Michiru's thoughts, so you're going to have to put up with it.*
Michiru: Nnnh, nnnnn, mmn... mnnn, haaah!
Narration: *After the last of the pills slide down Michiru's throat, I push her firmly onto the bed.*
Yuuji: All right, come on out... I want to know your real feelings, Michiru. Get out here already, will you? Come on.
Narration: *Beads of sweat forming on her forehead, the girl writhes as if I'm holding her over a flame. I grab her by the shoulders to prevent her escape.*
Yuuji: Don't run away! If you have the slightest interest in living, I'll help you. Even if it means putting my life on the line, I'll save you. So tell me your real feelings!
Narration: *I can see Michiru's expression gradually changing. Somewhere deep inside her, "that" Michiru is rising toward the surface.*
Yuuji: Say it, Michiru. What do you want? I'll make it happen.
Michiru: ...Uugh... uh, I, I... I...
Yuuji: What? Come on, out with it. Say it!
Michiru: ...I...
Michiru: I want to die.
Michiru: ...I don't... want to live... anymore. I don't want... any more pain.
Narration: *Saying that and nothing more, Michiru's eyes fall shut. She goes limp on the bed, apparently unconscious.*
Yuuji: I see. In that case, that's how it'll be. Have to respect your wishes, after all.
Narration: *I gently wipe the sweat from the girl's forehead with my hand.*
Yuuji: I'll kill you, Michiru.
Narration: *First things first. If we're going to end your world, we're going to need a suitable "box."*

Narration: *―It's comfortable here. Very comfortable. Everything's smooth and calm as a still lake, without even a ripple of emotion.*
Narration: *There's nothing to lose. No one to leave me. No heat, no cold. Just silent, infinite dark, stretching out all around me.*
Narration: *......*
Narration: *............*
Narration: *..................*
Narration: *The passing of time doesn't bring any changes. I've come to the end of myself.*
Narration: *Since I'm the one who decided to come here, the darkness doesn't seem so scary anymore. This bubble of nothingness, where I feel nothing at all, has become a friend.*
Narration: *It's not scary at all. As long as I stay here, I'm safe from all my fears.*
Narration: *I rest my head in the lap of the darkness, and it holds me gently by the shoulders. We fuse together; I dissolve into it. It's no longer clear where I end and the darkness begins.*
Narration: *This is fine. This is how it should be.*
Narration: *Somebody's trying to open the door, but I've already decided I'm never coming out of here again.*
Narration: *It's pointless. They should just give up. I'm finished.*
Yuuji: ...co... out... nt to... your... lings... hear... out... ...ome on.
Narration: *I can hear a voice. A voice that brings back a lot of memories. A voice I'll never hear again.*
Yuuji: ...on't run away... slightest... in living, I'll... putting my life on the line... you. So... your real feelings...
Narration: *How is his voice reaching me here, so deep in the dark? I'm sure I locked the door firmly behind me, but somehow it's slipping in through the cracks. Trying to reach my heart.*
Narration: *I wish he'd cut it out. I already decided to end the pain. I already decided I don't want to be sad anymore...*
Yuuji: ...Michiru... I'll make it happen...
Narration: *He's calling my name. But going back there would be far too scary.*
Michiru: ...Uugh... uh, I, I... I...
Narration: *I don't want to live any more. But being all alone is scary too.*
Yuuji: What? Come on, out with it. Say it!
Michiru: ...I...
Narration: *I'm afraid of being alone. So instead―*
Michiru: I want to die.
Narration: *I don't want to lose anything ever again. If I'm just going to end up losing the people I care about, then―*
Michiru: ...I don't... want to live... anymore. I don't want... any more pain.
Narration: *But even more than that, I don't want to be separated from Yuuji...*
Narration: *I can see his face above me. Very, very close. I'll never see him like this again. I'll never be able to touch him again.*
Narration: *But there's nothing I can do about that now.*
Narration: *As my consciousness fades slowly away, I hear him speak to me.*
Yuuji: I'll kill you, Michiru.
Narration: *I see. Being killed by the person I love, huh? Yeah. That might just be the happiest possible ending.*
Narration: *Once again, I sink down through the deep darkness. And as I settle into my home at the bottom of the sea, I hazily wonder what will happen next.*
Narration: *I'm pretty much "dead" already. What's going to change if Yuuji kills me?*
Narration: *Will even this small flicker of consciousness disappear into nothing? Or maybe I'll just fall a little deeper, into an even darker and more silent world?*
Narration: *I can't even imagine what an "afterlife" might be like.*
Narration: *...I'd be lying if I said I wasn't scared. And lonely, of course. But what else can I do?*
Narration: *That girl's better than me. She always will be. So this is the way it has to be.*
Narration: *―So bright...*
Narration: *Something's happening. But I can't tell what.*
Narration: *Once again, I'm forcibly dragged up out of the darkness.*
Narration: *A brilliant light pierces deep into my eyes, bringing with it a sharp jolt of pain.*
Narration: *Did Yuuji kill me? That might explain this sudden, dramatic change.*
Narration: *Maybe this is the afterlife?*
Narration: *I dunno about that, though. My eyes really hurt. Isn't everything all peaceful after you die? Or maybe he's still―*
Narration: *It feels like my body's being carried along inside something. I can feel the vibrations of wheels turning over the floor below.*
Narration: *It's not a car. Nothing with an engine. This is something much more primitive...*
Narration: *That's right, it's just like the times they carted me through the hospital hallways. But somehow, this feels a lot... stuffier. Wonder why this "cart" is so different...*
Narration: *Okay... what is this? What's going on?*
Narration: *I decided never to come back to this world, but for some reason I'm still alive.*
Narration: *And right now, I'm lying inside a "box."*
Yuuji: This is probably a little hard to believe, but...
Narration: *I can hear Yuuji's voice. I'm definitely alive. This isn't the afterlife.*
Yuuji: Michiru's dead. I told you guys she was suffering from anemia, but that was a lie. Her hospitalization was for a much more serious disease.
Yuuji: The exam results really did look favorable, but last night her condition took an abrupt turn for the worse. It's a real shame, but there was nothing they could do.
Narration: *I died?*
Narration: *I mean, yeah, that was the plan. I was going to die and let the other "me" take over. But something's wrong here.*
Narration: *I'm lying inside a box, being treated like someone who's really... "dead."*
Narration: *My eyes won't open more than a crack, but I can see the ceiling above me. I can see a blindingly bright light.*
Amane: You're not serious, right!? I mean, she was looking so energetic lately!
Yuuji: It's the truth. Normally, this wouldn't have been disclosed to you guys either, but I wanted to give you the chance to get some closure.
Narration: *Amane's voice is thick with tears. The news of my "death" seems to have shocked her pretty badly.*
Sachi: Kazami-san...
Yuuji: Yes, Sachi?
Sachi: This wouldn't have been disclosed to us...? What does that mean? It's rather difficult to understand.
Yuuji: Hrm. I think you all have some idea what I'm talking about. Every one of us is here for very private reasons. Involving messy, complicated circumstances.
Yuuji: Given that, it shouldn't be that surprising for a death to be handled as quietly as possible.
Sachi: I see... Perhaps you're right...
Narration: *Sachi's voice is trembling too. Why is this happening? Why is Yuuji doing this?*
Makina: There's no way Chiruchiru's dead! Onii-chan, this joke ain't funny!
Amane: Stop it, Makina!
Makina: But, c'mon! This is a load of crap! I can't believe this!
Amane: It's not like I understand either, you know... This is so completely out of the blue...
Narration: *Everyone's getting upset... This isn't what I wanted to happen...*
Narration: *I vanish, the other me takes over, and everyone lives happily ever after. That's what I imagined...*
Makina: Don't go! Chiruchiru! Chiruchiruuu!!
Amane: Stop it, Makina. Yelling isn't going to do any good, you know?
Makina: But, but, this isn't fair! Who said she could just go an' die on us!? This is messed up!!
Amane: It's not... It's not like I can accept this either... But there's no point in throwing a fit!
Makina: Uuu, Ama-neeee... waaaahaaaa...
Amane: Ah, no... Sorry for shouting... but...
Yuuji: Amane, grab hold of Makina so she doesn't thrash around, all right?
Amane: Y-Yeah.
Narration: *Even when I consciously try to move, I can't budge. Forget twitching a finger, I can't even blink.*
Narration: *I wonder... what's happened to my body...*
Narration: *I didn't want to make anyone cry. I didn't want to hurt anyone. But now Makina's bawling...*
Yumiko: Matsushima-san...
Narration: *Yumiko doesn't sound like she's been crying. That's good. It'd be too much to take if they all started weeping over me...*
Narration: *I can't see my classmates' faces. I'm walled off from their world, all by myself inside this box. I can only guess from their voices what's occurring around me.*
Narration: *I'd always thought I was "alone." But I guess... I didn't know what real solitude was until now. I can't speak; I can't see their faces; I can't move a muscle.*
Narration: *Maybe I wasn't that cut off from the world after all. My voice was weak and my jokes were crappy, but at least I had friends who'd laugh with me.*
Yuuji: I'm going to take Michiru's body for cremation immediately after this. Anyone who has something to say to her, write a letter and put it inside. I'm sure she'll read them in heaven.
Narration: *It seems like Yuuji really does plan to kill me. In that case... before the end, I want to talk to him again. I want to see everyone's faces one more time before I go.*
Narration: *But I can't make that request now. I can't even tilt my head slightly, no matter how I try. My body just won't listen.*
Narration: *It's like every muscle and nerve in my body has gone on strike at once. I can't do anything but lie still on my back.*
Narration: *I don't know if it's related, but my thoughts are moving very sluggishly as well. It's as though someone's spun a network of thick spiderwebs inside my mind. Every thought has to slowly push its way through those clinging strands.*
Amane: I still can't believe it... I mean, I don't ever want to believe it...
Yuuji: Hm? Aren't you going to write anything, Sakaki?
Yumiko: ...No, I'm not.
Yuuji: Why? You don't have anything to tell her?
Yumiko: I mean, this doesn't feel remotely real. We were just talking yesterday, and now all of a sudden you're telling me... This is just too much. I don't have the first idea what I would write, either...
Yuuji: I see. Still, that doesn't change the fact that this is your last chance. Don't leave yourself any regrets.
Yumiko: ...I know. But it's... fine.
Yuuji: Hrm. Well, that's your decision to make. I won't say any more.
Makina: I'm done writin'. I'm gonna put it inside...
Narration: *Makina's thin arm reaches inside the box, placing her letter next to my face. But before pulling away, she firmly strokes my cheek for a moment.*
Narration: *I never expected such a tender gesture from Makina, who's always been like a rambunctious little sister... It kind of startles me.*
Amane: I'm done too.
Narration: *Next, Amane reaches in to leave me her letter. Seeing that enormous chest resting against the edge of the box, the thought "Wish my breasts had been a little more like hers" pops into my mind.*
Narration: *What a stupid thing to be thinking about at a time like this. But that's just how out of it I am right now. This is all too much to process.*
Narration: *Amane doesn't touch my body, but she stares into my face for a long, long time.*
Narration: *I don't think we've ever looked at each other like this before. Didn't know she could make an expression like that. It's surprisingly cute.*
Sachi: I wasn't able to write much of a letter. You say this is the last time I'll see Michiru-sama, but I can't quite bring myself to believe that. I can't help feeling she'll come back again.
Amane: I understand your feelings, but...
Sachi: For that reason, I'm afraid it's rather brief...
Narration: *Sachi puts in her letter, then draws back without ceremony. As if to say "we'll meet again, anyway."*
Yuuji: You sure you're all right with this, Sakaki?
Yuuji: ...Understood.
Yuuji: All right then. This is goodbye.
Narration: *...And with that, I died.*
Narration: *Enveloped in shuddering darkness, I'm carted off somewhere. Probably a crematorium, if Yuuji was telling the truth. Guess I'm going to be a pile of ashes in a little while.*
Narration: *That's kind of a shame. I won't get to read the letters everyone went out of their way to write for me. And... I really did want to see their faces before the end. I wanted to see Yuuji's face.*
Narration: *When I was the one saying goodbye, I was able to prepare myself emotionally. But now the shoe's on the other foot, and I'm kind of at a loss.*
Yumiko: Stop! Don't go, Matsushima-san! Matsushima-san!!
Amane: S-Sakaki-san!?
Yumiko: Don't die! Please don't go! Say it's not true! Please!!
Narration: *Yumiko seems to have grabbed hold of the box and begun to shake it fiercely. I can hear her nails scratching against the wooden lid.*
Yuuji: Don't interfere, Sakaki. Get off.
Yumiko: What's wrong with you, Kazami-kun?! How can you be so calm!? Matsushima-san, it's not true, right?! Why so suddenly!? Say it's a lie!
Sachi: Sakaki-san, please calm down. Kazami-san, I'll take her...
Yuuji: Appreciate it.
Yumiko: Komine-san, I... I'm sorry... but, aahh, Matsushima-san's...
Sachi: It's all right. Everyone feels the same. It's all right...
Yumiko: It's not all right... Nothing's all right... Why does everyone leave me...
Narration: *I've never heard Yumiko this upset before. But it's even more surprising to learn that she has fears so similar to my own.*
Yumiko: Michiruuuu!!
Narration: *The rumbling of the wheels takes on a different tenor. We've left the building.*
Yuuji: Let me tell you something, Michiru. Death isn't "the end." First of all, the people you've left behind have to try and say goodbye. The idea that you can just vanish into thin air is a load of self-centered crap.
Yuuji: I understand that you want to disappear. But before you die, I expect you to go through a proper procedure. You can't wrap your life up neatly all by yourself. That's naive, irresponsible thinking.
Narration: *I guess Yuuji's aware that I'm conscious. But no matter how hard I try to move my mouth, I can't answer him.*
Narration: *It seems to be growing gradually more difficult to breathe. Am I going to suffocate inside this box before I get burned to death?*
Narration: *A thought floats idly through my head like a soap bubble: "Wonder if Yuuji has a license?" A moment later, it pops and vanishes. Since I found myself in this box, I've been thinking about a whole lot of really pointless things.*
Narration: *Things I wouldn't even have thought about before fill my head to the brim.*
Narration: *"This must be what it's like to be paralyzed." My body's asleep, but my mind's awake; I'm immobile as if bound hand and foot, although there's no rope wrapped around me.*
Yuuji: I'll bury you in your favorite place.
Narration: *My body jerks up inside the cramped coffin, helpless to resist the shocks of transport. Maybe this is what it feels like to be a chocolate sitting in a box of candy?*
Yuuji: You were always talking about it, weren't you? Now it'll be your official place of death. All that about the cremation was a lie. This was the plan from the start.
Yuuji: Also, you can't move because I gave you a heavy dose of a muscle relaxant. Not to worry, it'll wear off fairly soon.
Yuuji: And then, you'll find yourself all alone inside a deep, dark hole, with a heavy mound of soil above you. You probably won't be able to escape even if you try.
Yuuji: This is... world... ...shed for. Have yourself a nice, sl... ...th in there.
Yuuji: ......ye... Mi.........
Narration: *......*
Narration: *.........*
Narration: *............*
Narration: *..................*
Narration: *My body can't move. I can't speak. I can't see a thing.*
Narration: *The inside of my head throbs painfully. Did I get bumped against the box at some point on the way here?*
Narration: *An unexpected wave of powerful exhaustion rolls over me. I can't even think about whether to resist before I'm dragged down into sleep.*
Narration: *―Or so I think.*
Narration: *I mean, the darkness is just as thick whether my eyes are open or shut. I don't have any way to track the passage of time.*
Narration: *Did I sleep for a while? Maybe I just closed my eyes for a moment? There's no way I can tell in here.*
Narration: *I can hear the sound of my own breathing from multiple angles at once. It's echoing off the walls of the box.*
Narration: *I make up my mind to try and speak.*
Michiru: Ah.
Narration: *My voice works. Does that mean my body can move as well? As an experiment, I try to lift my arm―*
Michiru: Ow!
Narration: *It was a small movement, but my elbow bangs against the wooden wall right away. I can move, but it looks like I'm going to have to do so pretty carefully.*
Narration: *Alone inside my box, I laugh at myself. Carefully? What's the point of that now? All I need to do is lie still, anyway. I mean, I'm just going to die in here no matter what I do.*
Michiru: Yuuji...
Narration: *I call his name, but the sound only makes it a few inches from my face before striking solid wood and rebounding back. In this terrifyingly cramped space, the four walls themselves seem almost like living things, consciously observing me.*
Narration: *My bangs cling to my forehead, damp with sweat. I reach up to fix them, banging my elbow against the wall once again.*
Narration: *After carefully twisting my body around, I finally manage to brush the hair back into place. But nobody can see, not even me, so why did I even bother? My back's sticky with perspiration. It's clammy and gross. Really uncomfortable.*
Narration: *As my dulled nerves slowly rouse themselves, I begin to notice a number of dull aches spread around my body.*
Narration: *But it's not just pain that's starting to tug on my senses. There's also hunger.*
Narration: *I silently mouth the words "I'm starving" to no one in particular.*
Narration: *Maybe I'll die of hunger before my oxygen runs out. I wonder just how painful death by starvation is, comparatively?*
Narration: *I think I saw some tasteless list about the "Most Painful Ways to Commit Suicide" somewhere.*
Narration: *But right now, I can't remember the details. Too bad Yuuji isn't here... I'm sure he'd give me a thorough run-down. Probably a little too thorough.*
Michiru: It's hot...
Narration: *The sweat trickling down my forehead is starting to get into my eyes. It stings. When I lick my lips, it leaves a salty taste on my tongue. What am I doing in here again...? My thoughts are all tangled up like an old-fashioned telephone cord.*
Narration: *I'm thirsty. Of course, I don't have any drinking water. I try forcing myself to swallow some saliva, but it doesn't do much good.*
Michiru: Eek!
Narration: *Startled by the sudden ringing sound, I end up smacking my arm hard against a side wall. I can feel my heart pounding furiously away.*
Michiru: Owowow... Where? Where's that...? Huh? A phone?
Narration: *The vibrations seem to be coming from everywhere and nowhere. The air resonates with shrill electronic chirping. After hunting clumsily around for some time, I finally discover a cell phone ringing right next to my ear.*
Michiru: ...H-Hello?
Yuuji: Hrm. Sounds like you're still alive.
Narration: *The instant I hear his voice, I feel tears running down my face. What is this emotion...? It's not relief, exactly. I can't quite pin it down.*
Michiru: Y-Yuuji?
Yuuji: This is your final choice. That phone can only be used to contact me. Just press 1 on the speed dial.
Yuuji: You won't be able to get through to anyone else, and the other functions are disabled as well. It won't even display the time.
Yuuji: If you decide that you want to live, call me. That's all.
Michiru: Yu...
Narration: *Even though I forced myself into a painfully contorted position to answer the phone, he's already hung up on me. Didn't listen to a word I had to say...*
Narration: *I mean, that's just the way the guy is, yeah. But still, even at a time like this...? The thought makes me smile a little.*
Narration: *But at least I got to hear Yuuji's voice at the end. Maybe it's better this way.*
Narration: *I hug the phone close as though cradling a precious treasure, then close my eyes.*
Michiru: ......Nuh?
Narration: *―Huh? Guess I fell asleep again. I instinctively flip open the phone in my hand, but just like Yuuji said, the time isn't displayed.*
Narration: *I can't even guess how long I was sleeping.*
Narration: *I've gotten so used to the darkness by now that the phone's LCD display seems blindingly bright. When I turn my face to the side to escape the dazzling light, I notice the letters everyone wrote lying next to me.*
Michiru: Oh, if I use this as a light I can read...
Narration: *With the backlight for illumination, I can make out the characters clearly enough. I squirm my body around for some time to get into position, then open the first envelope and take out the letter inside.*
Michiru: This is Makina's, huh...
Narration: *To Chiruchiru. *
Narration: *Why'd you go and die without even asking for my permission?*
Narration: *It really threw me for a loop, so please don't pull a stunt like that ever again.*
Narration: *I still had tons of games I wanted to play with you, Chiruchiru.*
Narration: *They're totally awesome, too. Why would you die without even trying them? What were you thinking?*
Narration: *I'd been keeping it a secret, but there's even a place I wanted to show you.*
Narration: *It's really, really pretty. You can't go away until you see it. That's no good at all.*
Narration: *There's still all sorts of stuff left to do here, so why are you leaving?*
Narration: *That's not right. You can't do that.*
Narration: *Thanks for everything. But this is still totally messed up.*
Narration: * -Makina*
Narration: *The letter itself is a little weird. You can definitely tell she was flustered when she wrote it... The next envelope I pull from the little pile is Amane's.*
Narration: *To Michiru. *
Narration: *I guess this will be the first and last time I write you a letter like this.*
Narration: *I haven't had the chance to come to terms with this yet. But I don't want to regret missing this chance, so I'll try my best.*
Narration: * I knew you weren't really a tsundere, Michiru.*
Narration: *So I was always a little concerned about whether you were forcing yourself. I always wondered if you were really okay, putting on that act all the time.*
Narration: *You kind of tended to worry about other people before yourself, you know?*
Narration: *I think you probably assumed nobody noticed, but we all understood.*
Narration: *Have you stopped forcing yourself yet? Since you've gone to heaven now, maybe you're free. Doing what you want to do, for your own sake.*
Narration: *It's nice to imagine that. I hope it's true.*
Narration: *I'm having a really hard time accepting this situation, to be honest.*
Narration: *When you left for the hospital before, the dorm got kind of lonely awful quick.*
Narration: *I tried to keep on like always, but it was like a little hole in my heart that just kept getting bigger...*
Narration: *I don't know how long it will take to fill that hole up again.*
Narration: *Maybe it'll stay this way forever. But I'll absolutely never forget about you, Michiru.*
Narration: *Thanks for everything. You were a dear friend to all of us,*
Narration: *And an irreplaceable presence in my life.*
Narration: *That's how it's been up until now, and it won't ever change.*
Narration: *This stuff is kind of embarrassing, so I couldn't say it to your face...*
Narration: *But I cared about you very much, Michiru.*
Narration: * Please rest in peace.*
Narration: * -Amane.*
Narration: *Aw, geez. After all the effort I put into my tsundere... They saw through me, huh?*
Narration: *It's kind of awkward reading these letters. Everybody sounds so different...*
Narration: *They're raw words, coming from deep inside. Feelings that normally would have stayed hidden forever, scrawled out nakedly across the page.*
Narration: *I didn't expect them to write so... bluntly. But I guess when it's your last chance, there's really no reason to hold back.*
Narration: *There's only one letter left now. Sachi's.*
Narration: *To Michiru-sama. *
Narration: *I believe that we will meet again.*
Narration: *Accordingly, I won't write words of farewell.*
Narration: *I'm waiting for you. So is Sakaki-san.*
Narration: *The same goes for Amane-san and Maki-chan.*
Narration: *And of course, Kazami-san is waiting as well.*
Narration: *Everyone is waiting for you, Michiru-sama.*
Narration: *Well then, until the day we meet again.*
Narration: *-Sachi.*
Narration: *As I read these simple words, I remember Yumiko breaking down in tears. Seemed completely out of character for her to get that upset. I always felt like she was keeping her distance from me... So why did she cry like that?*
Michiru: Huh...? I'm trembling?
Narration: *I realize that my hand is beginning to quake slightly. Even though I'm not exactly cold, my teeth are starting to chatter, and I can't make them stop.*
Narration: *The letter wasn't that carefully worded or anything. None of them were. They scratched them down in just a few short minutes, after all. But for some reason, the "normality" of their words makes me feel like my heart's being squeezed in my chest.*
Narration: *I won't be able to laugh with them ever again. Or exchange hellos in the morning. Or even have one of our stupid conversations. It all felt so normal before, but now it's gone forever. It's almost like I've only just realized that.*
Narration: *The more I think about it, the harder it is to control my trembling hands. At first it was little more than mild fidgeting, but right now I'm shaking so hard it's almost like a convulsion.*
Narration: *My own body feels strange and alien to me. Powerless to stop the trembling, I just observe it dumbly.*
Narration: *Even after a few minutes, there's no sign the shivering movements are likely to stop any time soon. I decide to try thinking about something else.*
Michiru: Yuuji...
Narration: *I wonder where Yuuji is right now. What he's thinking about. He called me on the phone, so maybe he wants to see me again. Maybe he wants to talk to me again.*
Narration: *I want to see him. I really do. But...*
Michiru: I'm... I...
Narration: *In that instant, the light of the LCD screen vanishes as the cell phone abruptly shuts itself off.*
Michiru: Huh? Wait, no...
Narration: *I press the on button over and over, but the screen only lights up for a few seconds at a time before turning off again. And after a while, even that stops; the phone goes entirely dead.*
Michiru: Ah... I can't contact Yuuji anymore...
Narration: *The one thin thread of salvation dangling down from above has just been completely severed right before my eyes.*
Narration: *Now I really am all alone, deep inside the dark, heavy earth.*
Narration: *All of a sudden, my fuzzy thoughts snap into sharp-edged focus. I'd been floating along as if in a dream, but this all feels terribly real now; a distinct, vivid terror of death overwhelms me.*
Michiru: I'm scared... It's so dark, I can barely move... I'm all alone... I'm scared, I'm so scared...
Michiru: N... No... it's scary! Please, no! Let me out! Yuuji, Yuuji!!
Narration: *My hysterical voice echoes wetly, pointlessly around the coffin.*
Narration: *Some part of me didn't really understand what "dying" meant.*
Narration: *But after reading everyone's letters and losing my only way to contact Yuuji, it's suddenly all too real, all too clear, all too terrifying. The fear's grabbed hold of my ankles and won't let go.*
Narration: *I can't get out of here. I really can't. I'll never see the light again. I feel like I'm about to go crazy.*
Michiru: Haa... haa... hah... hah, stop it! Let me out, please! I want out of here!
Narration: *I feel around the interior of the box with clumsy, panicked hands, searching for some sort of exit. But of course, there's no such thing. There are places in the lid where the material feels slightly different, but nothing happens when I strike them.*
Narration: *In the first place, I can't position myself properly in this cramped little box. The hard planks rub against me with every movement; I can feel the rough pain of torn skin, the hot trickle of blood oozing out of my wounds.*
Voice: What's the matter?
Michiru: !?
Voice: You're the one who wanted an end to the world. Why are you getting all frightened now? You've come this far. A little late for regrets, don't you think?
Narration: *A face exactly like my own floats in the darkness before my eyes. Am I just hallucinating, or has the other "me" somehow taken on form?*
Voice: No point in getting upset now, is there? Panicking isn't going to change anything.
Michiru: But... But, at this rate... I'm gonna die!
Voice: Yes. That was the whole point, wasn't it? You die, while I live in your place. You wanted something like that, I believe? But at this rate, it seems like we're going to vanish together. Oh well.
Michiru: Yeah... I wanted you to take my place. But now that sort of feels like a mistake... I think just dying like this would be... wrong of me...
Michiru: I know I'm being selfish to push this on you... but please, get me out of here!
Voice: I'm sorry. I'd like nothing better, but I'm entirely powerless at the moment. All I can do is stay at your side. You're the one who has to act.
Michiru: ...I guess you're right. Yeah, I've gotta do it myself...
Narration: *The other me stares into my eyes, her face steady and calm, not even blinking.*
Voice: Was there really no one in the world who loved you? Was there really not a single person who needed you? Think it over carefully.
Voice: I wanted my life to continue, but all of a sudden it ended. For no reason at all. You could have kept right on living... so why are you throwing that gift aside?
Michiru: I lost so many things... over and over, for so long... I was scared it would just keep happening...
Voice: Well, the only one who can do anything about that is you yourself. If you think it's impossible, then just stay in the darkness like this forever.
Michiru: ...I just...
Voice: I have my own regrets, you know? But I'm bearing their weight. I don't think I have any choice other than to do so.
Voice: If you want somebody to believe in you... if you want somebody to tell you not to disappear...
Voice: Then the first thing you need to do is believe in yourself. Care about yourself.
Voice: Live for your own sake. Not someone else's.
Michiru: Huh? Hey, w... wait...
Michiru: Haa, haa, haa...
Narration: *Live for my own sake? I've never even tried.*
Narration: *I'm always working for someone else's sake. And always failing. Always falling short of their expectations.*
Narration: *Always a defective human being.*
Narration: *In that instant, the phone begins to ring. Even though the battery was definitely dead, the shrill electronic warbling bounces around the inside of the box.*
Narration: *I grope around and grab hold of it. The screen and the incoming light are still dark, but the sound of the call continues as loudly as before.*
Narration: *When I mash my thumb in the general area of the "answer" button, the ringing stops. I slowly bring the phone to my ear.*
Michiru: ...Hello?
Phone: ...Hello?
Michiru: ...Who's this?
Phone: Why... Why do you think you're alone?
Michiru: ......
Phone: You have someone... who thinks of you as a friend. Who cares about you very much.
Phone: So why do you keep trying to go off somewhere on your own?
Phone: You don't know how painful it is to be left behind, do you? That's why you keep trying to go away.
Phone: Everybody loses things. Being hated isn't unusual either.
Phone: I... love you... very much. So please... don't go anywhere.
Phone: If you're feeling sad right now...
Phone: Then let's become happy together.
Phone: Come back here, and... let's be together from now on...
Narration: *"From now on."*
Narration: *I haven't really thought about that so much lately.*
Narration: *All this time, I've been focused on enduring the pain from the festering, miserable wounds the past left me.*
Narration: *Even when I met someone new, I'd find myself thinking about what happened before. Biting my lip when they weren't looking. "What's the point? It'll be over someday."*
Michiru: Is it really okay for me to become happy...?
Narration: *I timidly try to stretch out my hand. The door leading to the future is heavy and cold to the touch.*
Michiru: What do I... really want?
Narration: *I want...*
Michiru: I want to see Yuuji again. I want to hear everybody's voices again. Even if it has to end, I want to be there, with them. I want to become happy just like anyone else!
Narration: *I strain forcefully against the door, and it opens before me.*
Narration: *―Leading me to this place.*
Girl: Michiru. You finally showed up, huh?
Narration: *The voice takes my breath away. Even after all this time, I'd never mistake that voice. It's my friend, the girl who went to the other side.*
Girl: You came to see me, right? So you're gonna come with me? I mean, we're friends, so we should be together. Right?
Michiru: Uhm, well...
Girl: I love you, Michiru. Thanks for coming. Let's be together forever.
Narration: *The voice draws nearer, accompanied by something that seems to be formed out of pitch-black mist. I draw back a step in fear.*
Girl: Why are you running? We promised to stay best friends, didn't we? Or what, do you hate me now?
Michiru: I...
Narration: *I don't hate you.*
Michiru: I don't hate you. Actually, I like you a whole lot.
Girl: So stay with me! Come on, let's stay here together. Give me your hand...
Narration: *A violet plume of smoke coils itself tightly around my arm. It's sharply cold against my skin, like fog rising from dry ice.*
Girl: We can be together from now on. Nobody's going to mess things up for us here. I'm really, really happy.
Michiru: I'm... sorry...
Girl: Sorry? For what? Huh? Do you hate me after all?
Michiru: No. I love you. Even now... you're the friend I love most in the whole world.
Girl: Then why are you apologizing? Answer me...
Michiru: Because... well, you see...
Michiru: Because you're a thing of the past.
Girl: A thing... of the past?
Michiru: You died a long time ago. You're no longer a part of this world. That's why I can't stay with you.
Michiru: I've got to live facing forward. I can't spend my whole life looking back over my shoulder.
Girl: Are you saying... you're going to forget about me?
Michiru: I won't forget you! I won't ever forget. But I don't want to use you as an excuse to run away anymore. I don't want to let myself think "I'm useless without her" every time something bad happens.
Michiru: I promise I'll never forget you. But I can't stay with you any longer.
Girl: I don't get it. I don't get it at all! Why can't you stay with me? I don't understand!
Girl: Come on! Why go back to a place where everyone hits you, insults you, or makes fun of you? Why leave, when you can be with me forever in a world with no worries?
Narration: *Painful memories blow through my mind like a squall. For a moment I feel as if the surge of emotion will carry me away, but somehow I brace my legs and hold steady.*
Narration: *I seem to have picked up a phone at some point.*
Narration: *No, I was holding this all along. The battery's dead, and it can't connect me to anyone, but right now it's the only thing tying me to the other world.*
Michiru: Sorry. I'm going now. To the future.
Narration: *My hand finds the knob of an invisible door.*
Michiru: You decided to leave this world behind. I... I tried to do the same thing, but I think that was a mistake.
Michiru: I have friends who laugh with me. Friends who'll cry with me. I have people waiting for me. People who love me, even.
Michiru: I have someone I love.
Narration: *And that's why... I can't follow you on the road you chose.*
Girl: That's not fair... You're just gonna move on? Leave me behind? That isn't fair at all...
Michiru: Sorry. But I do love you, okay? Very much.
Michiru: But dying with you wouldn't be an act of friendship. That's not what a friend would do. I think being a friend to you...
Michiru: ...Means caring about the friends who're with me now. Crying for their sake, laughing with them. I think that's what a real friend would do.
Michiru: I'll keep your memory locked up in my heart as long as I live. But this is... goodbye.
Narration: *I try to leave, but the knob doesn't want to turn. It's so stubborn it feels like it's fused in place. Even so, I keep right on twisting at it with all the strength I can muster.*
Narration: *But that's no good either, so I start simply hitting the door as hard as I can. More blood spills from my hands with every strike, but I keep right on going without so much as a flinch.*
Girl: But reality is cold and scary, you know? Nobody's going to stay with you till the very end.
Michiru: Yeah, but even so...
Michiru: I love that world. And I love those people.
Narration: *Somehow, I manage to force open the lid of my prison. In the next instant, a mixture of shockingly cold air and damp earth stream down into the box.*
Narration: *It's as if my body's being pressed down under the palm of a giant. I can't move.*
Michiru: Aaah... kaahah!
Narration: *I spit out the dirt that's fallen into my mouth and try to open my eyes.*
Narration: *I've never seen the sky from under the ground before. Makes me feel like the seedling of some bizarre plant.*
Michiru: I'm... alive...
Narration: *I wanted to gulp down a whole lungful of fresh air, but I can't manage that either. The hole I was buried in doesn't seem to be as deep as I thought, but hunger and exhaustion have left me too weak to push my way free.*
Michiru: Haa, haa... I want to see everyone... I want to see... Yuuji...
Narration: *Somehow managing to speak, I struggle to crawl up through the heavy, wet soil. But no matter how much I strain my tired muscles, I can't move.*
Michiru: Uuugh... I wanna live... I don't wanna die...
Narration: *Writhing like an insect, I desperately try to get at least my face above ground. But my endurance has already run out. Drowsiness, hunger, and loneliness push murderously down on me.*
Michiru: Yuuji... Yuuji...
Narration: *This really is it for me...*
Narration: *I'm going to end here, drowned in mud.*
Narration: *I couldn't manage to kill myself when I wanted to. And now I'm going to die when I want to live. Seriously? What an idiot...*
Narration: *See? Told you I was stupid.*
Narration: *But if I have to die, I want to die touching the world.*
Narration: *I push my fingers up through the dirt with my last ounce of strength.*
Narration: *From a neutral point of view, it must look like the feeble stirrings of some puny little sprout. One that's picked an odd time of year to surface.*
Narration: *Deep in the soil, I slowly, weakly extend my index finger up toward the sky.*
Narration: *I touch the outside air for the first time in who knows how long. It's startlingly, wonderfully cool. Only a few centimeters of my finger is in contact with the world, but it's enough. It's enough to tell me that I'm alive.*
Narration: *Soft, quiet raindrops wet my fingertip. I've already cried myself dry, so maybe the sky's shedding tears in my place.*
Michiru: This... is it...
Narration: *My eyelids fall like melting wax running down a candle, falling shut so heavily that it feels like they'll never, ever open again.*
Narration: *I begin to slowly, peacefully disappear.*
Yuuji: Hrm, that was quick. Hasn't even been three days since I buried you. After all that pigheaded whining about wanting to die, this is all you've got? No guts, woman.
Michiru: Wha?
Narration: *I pull Michiru up out of the earth. She's got a somewhat surprised expression on her face. Understandable, I suppose.*
Michiru: Y-Yuuji? Why? Why are you here? Am I dreaming?
Yuuji: This isn't a dream. It's reality. How are you feeling? Come to your senses yet?
Michiru: ...But why? What's going on?
Narration: *Even if I tried to explain the whole thing, I doubt the girl would understand right now. I decide to keep it simple.*
Yuuji: I knew it would turn out like this. That's why I did what I did. I knew all along that you didn't really want to disappear or die.
Yuuji: So I sat here and waited for you to break out of that shell. I was just your assistant on this one. Here to lend a hand, in the most literal sense.
Narration: *I strongly squeeze Michiru's trembling hand.*
Yuuji: I was waiting here the whole time. And I was planning to keep on waiting, as long as it took for you to come out of that box.
Michiru: But what if I... What if I never came out?
Yuuji: Who knows? Hadn't thought about it. Waiting for people to pop out of their holes is my professional specialty, you see. There was no Plan B. Kind of a half-assed strategy, granted, but it seems to have worked out.
Michiru: You said three days... You waited here for three whole days?
Yuuji: That's right.
Michiru: The whole time?
Yuuji: That's right.
Michiru: W-What did you eat?
Yuuji: I locked you up inside a box and stuck you in a hole. You expect me to complain about my stomach grumbling?
Yuuji: Anyway, three days are nothing to worry yourself about. Barely worse than getting stood up for a date. Anyway, that's enough pointless backtalk... Let's get going.
Michiru: Hold on, wait a second... I'm, uh... alive, right?
Yuuji: That's right.
Michiru: I can talk to you again? I can see everybody again?
Yuuji: That's right.
Narration: *Michiru's eyes had resembled dull, cloudy marbles for so long that I'd almost forgot they could sparkle like this.*
Michiru: Thank you, Yuuji. Thank you!
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah. Save it for later.
Michiru: No, let me say it now. I want to be your girlfriend. I want to be a couple. For real, not pretend.
Yuuji: Well, well. This is all very sudden. Can't say I've ever had a woman covered head to toe in mud confess her love to me before... A valuable experience, to be sure.
Yuuji: But a "couple?" Weren't you afraid of the end? Are you all right with the fact we might have to say goodbye someday?
Michiru: Yeah. Even if it has to end someday, I want to be with you until then. Every second that I can. And I'll try hard to make it last even a second longer than that.
Yuuji: Try hard at what, exactly?
Michiru: ...I don't know. Try to make you not hate me, or make you like me more, or make things more fun, or something. I'll try really, really hard.
Michiru: Also... I won't run away any more. I've decided not to run away from reality... from the world.
Yuuji: I see. Sounds fairly promising. I'm getting the feeling we might be able to stay together for a good while.
Michiru: Yeah!
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji...
Yuuji: What now?
Michiru: I love you.
Narration: *Honestly. I got the message the first time. Well, looks like the girl's still got some energy left, at least.*
Narration: *Hoisting Michiru onto my back, I slowly carry her down the road leading back to the dorm.*
Yuuji: You did good, Michiru. Welcome back to the world you belong in.
Michiru: Hey, do you have a watch? What time is it?
Yuuji: A little after two in the morning, I guess? The witching hour, as they say... Come to think of it, try not to make a habit of rising out of the ground in the middle of the night. People might take you for a zombie.
Michiru: Heh. Yeah, for sure. Good thing you're the one who found me, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Indeed. Sakaki probably would've pissed herself.
Michiru: Hehehe. Uhm... I want to know after all. What were you planning to do if I didn't come out? If I died down there?
Yuuji: Hrm. Well, the thing is, that box was a little special.
Yuuji: The lid was made to break comparatively easily, and there was a small apparatus to keep a trickle of fresh air coming in. Also, as I think you've realized, I didn't bury you that deep.
Michiru: So I could have gotten out whenever I wanted to? But that's not what I meant. What if I didn't have the will to get out? What if I just gave up and decided to lie down there until I died?
Yuuji: That wasn't going to happen. Remember when I made you wake up by swallowing those "candies?" When you finally opened up to me about your real feelings?
Michiru: Ah... yeah, I remember. I was sleeping in the dark, but you dragged me out... What about it?
Yuuji: That wasn't the medicine you were using to suppress your other self. It was candy.
Michiru: ...Huh? Just... candy?
Yuuji: That's right. It might've felt like I "dragged" you out of your shell, but the fact is you came out on your own. And you wouldn't have done that if you really wanted to die. These are just lumps of flavored sugar.
Narration: *I retrieve the plastic tube of ramune candies from my pocket and toss a single lozenge into Michiru's mouth.*
Michiru: ...It's sweet... and tasty... You tricked me!
Yuuji: And you're not really a tsundere. Granted, that was completely obvious from the start, but I think we're even on principle.
Yuuji: All right, there's the school. I think the first order of business is a nice long bath. These days, even real zombies are a little more hygienic than this.
Michiru: Geez, you're such a bully...
Sachi: Ah, welcome back!
Narration: *Spotting us, Sachi stops brushing the sidewalk in front of the gate and approaches with a beaming smile on her face.*
Yuuji:  What on earth are you doing up at this hour, woman?
Sachi: Isn't it obvious? I'm cleaning.
Yuuji: Hrm. So it would seem. But isn't it a little late for that?
Sachi: In order to facilitate a smooth return for anyone who might choose to return at any hour, I've been endeavoring to work later into the night. Especially these last few days.
Michiru: Uhm, so, Sachi... you're not surprised to see me?
Sachi: That's correct. I never believed that you had passed away, Michiru-sama. I was entirely convinced that you would return. 
Sachi: More importantly, please try to avoid letting the others notice you for the moment. Since not only Michiru-sama but also Kazami-san disappeared, the dorm has been in a state of constant uproar.
Yuuji: Hrm, not entirely surprising, I suppose. How do things stand currently?
Sachi: The principal said "There's no problem. It's Kazami-kun we're talking about here..."
Sachi: I was quite convinced, but Sakaki-san and Amane-san have remained exceptionally restless. Maki-chan has been distracting herself with her shadow shadow-tag practice.
Yuuji: Sorry for the trouble. I'll have to explain everything to you all later... Guess I'd better brace myself for a slap or three.
Sachi: Hehe, indeed. Please do come in. I'm sure you're tired, yes? Feel free to use the grand bath. I made sure to give it a proper scrubbing.
Yuuji: Appreciate it. You really are a maid among maids, Sachi.
Narration: *Still carrying Michiru, I turn to enter the premises. But before I can take a step, the girl shifts her position on my back and speaks.*
Michiru: Thanks, Sachi. Thanks for waiting for me.
Sachi: Not at all. Thank you very much for coming back.
Michiru: ...Yeah. I'm home!
Sachi: Welcome home, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Go ahead and get some sleep. You're up early tomorrow again, right?
Sachi: Yes, that is true. In that case, I'll excuse myself. I have been somewhat short on my sleep lately.
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: Are you crying?
Michiru: ...Yeah.
Yuuji: I see.
Narration: *Making no further comment, I carry Michiru to the bathroom.*
Yuuji: You're filthy. I'll bring a change of clothes, so you focus on getting that dirt off for now. Everything else can wait until after.
Michiru: ...Yeah.
Yuuji: What's wrong? Being alone too scary?
Michiru: ...Nah. I'm okay. I know you'll come back for me, Yuuji.
Narration: *The girl smiles a little awkwardly as she speaks.*
Narration: *I give her a quick pat on the head, then make my way down to her room to obtain a fresh change of clothes.*
Narration: *Hrm. That said, I don't know where anything is in here.*
Yuuji: These are the ones she's always wearing... Well, that works.
Yuuji: Already out of the bath? That was fast. I brought you a change of clothes.
Michiru: O-Okay.
Narration: *Her body wrapped up in a towel I left in the changing room, Michiru shuffles around shyly.*
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji... you get in the bath too.
Yuuji: Not right now. I need to arrange for your medical checkup and...
Michiru: It's fine. I mean, you were sitting outside all that time too, weren't you?
Yuuji: That's right... Oh, do I smell? Sorry.
Michiru: Well, that's not the problem... but anyway, just take a break!
Narration: *At Michiru's insistence, I consent to bathe. From the perspective of a freshly-washed woman, I must seem exceptionally unsanitary at the moment. Might have been a little inconsiderate on my part.*

Narration: *I can't stand people who decide they've "saved" someone with a little kindness.*
Narration: *Human beings exist within their own private bubble of solitude. Our pain and sadness can't be cured by gentle words. Offering gestures of sympathy can make you feel good about yourself, but for the recipient it's meaningless at best.*
Narration: *People don't need a crutch or a savior. They need to overcome their own suffering or find the strength to accept it. And when someone needs help getting to that point, I'm willing to lend a hand.*
Narration: *Of course, that doesn't mean I go around offering my support to every sadsack I run into on the street. I'm not some hypocrite politician or cult leader.*
Narration: *So what distinguishes the people I willingly assist from those I don't?*
Narration: *...Hrm. Not sure if there's any clear criteria, really, other than "whim." Sometimes I just feel like it.*
Michiru: Yuuji... I love you...
Narration: *Even when it comes to the young lady currently sleeping at my side, thoroughly pondering the reason why I helped her doesn't produce a convincing answer. But that's just the way human beings are.*
Narration: *No matter how logically you analyze our motives, no matter how thoroughly you investigate the context of our actions, every once in a while you'll end up running smack-dab into the incomprehensible.*
Narration: *I can't comment on how meaningful this particular incident may or may not be, but I'm not unhappy with the way things turned out.*
Narration: *―In any case, the tricky part comes next.*
Date: *September 3, 2011, 07:12 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Amane: Aaaah... awawawa... aaaah, aaaah... Aaaaaaah!
Michiru: ...E-Embarrassing as it is, I, Matsushima Michiru, have returned!
Amane: A zombie!! It's a zombieeee!!
Makina: Whaaaaaat!? A zombie!? Where is it!? Where'd I put my zombie powder!? 
Makina: Aah! Hey, if it ain't Chiruchiru! Welcome back!! 
Michiru: Ehehe, I'm home.
Amane: No, no, no! "I'm home" doesn't cut it! Neither does "welcome back!" Huh? I mean, uhm, what!?
Amane: Hey, Sakaki-san! Sakaaakiii-saaan!!
Yumiko: ...What? Do you have to be so noisy at the crack of...
Michiru: Ehehe. Hey, I'm home!
Yumiko: *Squeak!*
Amane: Aaaaaah! Why? What? How!?
Makina: Geeeez, Ama-nee, who gives a crap? Chiruchiru's back, ain't she? Girl's got some cheek, but at least she's home! Hmm. Wait, some cheek...? Which cheek's that?
Yuuji: These ones.
Narration: *I pinch Michiru's face and stretch her cheeks out to both sides.*
Michiru: Owywowywowch, theshe cheeks.
Makina: Ah, them cheeks, eh? Hmm, guess they ain't bad, relatively speaking. Yeah, those're some cheeky cheeks. That'll work.
Amane: No, no, hold on a second! Why did you come back to life?
Makina: Why're ya bein' such a stick-in-th'-mud, Ama-nee? She's back, so it's all good. Right, Chiruchiru? I mean, yer the real deal, right?
Narration: *Makina trots over and begins poking at Michiru's chest like a housewife prodding at a shrink-wrapped piece of produce.*
Michiru: 'Course I am. Isn't that obvious?
Makina: I know, right! So it's... it's... it's all good, right? It's... really friggin' good, right? Not bad at all! I'm glad, ya know? I'm glad! I'm so glaahaahaaad!
Michiru: Makina...
Makina: Waaaaaaah! Chiruchiru, I missed you! I missed ya so much!
Michiru: Yeah, sorry. I won't... I won't go anywhere again.
Makina: Is that a promise? Do ya promise?
Michiru: Sure, I can promise. 
Narration: *Michiru and Makina link their little fingers together. Watching as they swear their oath, Amane heaves a heavy sigh of surrender.*
Amane: Fine, okay. You've miraculously come back to life and returned to us. I'm glad too. Nothing could make me happier. So, sure, it's fine. I'll just have to force myself to accept this... But you need to promise me something as well.
Michiru: Promise you what?
Amane: Well, isn't it obvious? Promise that you're never, ever going to die on us again.
Michiru: Yeah, I won't die again. 
Amane: Next time you pull a stunt like that, I'm going to kill you dead!
Michiru: Yeah. Next time I die, you can kill me! 
Amane: *Siiigh*... Right, sure... Okay, guess that works... Arrrgh, now I just feel tired. Does Sacchan know about this?
Yuuji: Yeah, she was the first one to know. We ran into her on the way back.
Amane: Could've let us know, then... So, what'd she say? Probably shocked speechless, right?
Michiru: Nuh-uh. She just said "Welcome home."
Amane: I see... Well, that's Sacchan for you, I suppose.
Yumiko: Uh! Uhm! Matsushima-san! Uhm! I have six p-p...!
Yuuji: ...Same as it ever was.
Yuuji: You'd better give them all proper apologies later.
Michiru: Y-Yeah... I feel bad about the thing with Yumiko, too...
Narration: *And so, Michiru returned to her friends and her school, freed of her dependence on medication and that bizarre tsundere act.*
Narration: *She spends the rest of her school days as a normal girl, six pennants hanging on the wall of her room.*
Narration: *―A little too neat a conclusion, unfortunately.*
Narration: *Honestly, Michiru's just managed to finally face up to one of her multiple problems, nothing more.*
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji. This isn't pretend, right?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right. This is a fully legitimate date.
Michiru: Okay, so why are we running...? For five whole kilometers, too...
Yuuji: Because you told me to plan the date, and I decided on a little short-distance sprinting. Listen, the act of running isn't just...
Michiru: Aaaah, fine! Whatever! I get the message! Yeah, I did! I did tell you that! Right, right, all my fault, sure! 
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Our light jog concluded, Michiru and I arrive at a certain high spot overlooking the sea. A place that holds many memories for us.*
Michiru: Haaah. Hey, have I been staying myself lately?
Yuuji: Yeah. You haven't turned into anyone else since you came back. Something to celebrate, right?
Narration: *For some reason, it doesn't look like she's entirely convinced of that.*
Michiru: ...Well, I guess. But is that girl really okay with this?
Yuuji: What do you mean?
Michiru: I mean, that girl still exists inside me. It's not like she vanished or anything. She's still living right here.
Michiru: But now she says she's not going to come out ever again...? Is it really okay to just leave things like this?
Narration: *I reach out and wipe the sweat from Michiru's cheeks with a hand towel.*
Yuuji: We went over this before I buried you. I told the girl straight out that if you regained the courage to live, she probably wouldn't have the chance to come out again.
Yuuji: And she told me that was all right with her. She understands that body belongs to you. There's nothing to feel guilty about.
Michiru: Maybe it was all just me hallucinating, but I talked with her inside that box. And back then, she told me she had "regrets"... It's really been bugging me ever since.
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji... could you try asking her about it face to face?
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, you've only just managed to regain control of yourself. Why go out of your way to―
Michiru: I know. I know, but... I don't like the idea of becoming happy at her expense. I hated that girl at first, but she was actually looking out for me all along...
Michiru: And, I mean, this heart is hers, right? It's thanks to her that I can be with you now.
Narration: *A bead of sweat dangling from the tip of her nose, Michiru stares up at me with a serious expression on her face. It takes an effort to keep a wry smile off my face. Even without the pseudo-tsundere act, this girl's still a real handful.*
Narration: *But compared to forcing herself to act out some character, I suppose it's nice to see her honestly expressing her feelings.*
Yuuji: All right. If you insist, I'll try calling the girl out. I do have a method in mind.
Michiru: What method?
Yuuji: Same one I used with your "medicine." In other words, just a little manipulation of your assumptions.
Michiru: Nyu?
Narration: *I set up a simple magic show in Michiru's room. The trick I have in mind, like most "magic," amounts to little more than a bit of psychological misdirection.*
Narration: *It's physically impossible to produce a coin from nothingness. And of course, you can't abruptly make one disappear, either.*
Narration: *Such illusions are made possible by manipulating your assumptions. A visual distraction leaves you convinced that the magician's carrying "nothing," where in fact he's just moving the "something" around where you can't see it.*
Narration: *Everyone knows the basic idea, but it's surprisingly hard to overcome our mind's tendency to fill in the gaps and jump to conclusions. Deliberately planting the wrong idea in someone's head isn't as difficult as it might sound.*
Narration: *As Michiru said, I don't think the girl's vanished; she's keeping to herself, that's all. I can't exactly reach in and grab her, so I'll have to trick her out.*
Michiru: So that's why the mirror's here?
Narration: *The only prop is a full-length dressing mirror I had Sachi fetch for us. Didn't take long at all, so I'm guessing she borrowed it from someone's room.*
Yuuji: That's right. This is all we need to pull this off. All right then, Michiru, start looking at yourself in the mirror. Keep staring into your own pupils. And don't even think about blinking, understood?
Michiru: Y-Yeah... *Staaaaare*
Yuuji: Now stay like this for a few hours. Keep it up and she'll come out eventually. I'm sure of it.
Michiru: H-Hours!? How many is "a few!?" Is it really that hard?
Yuuji: You're the one who wanted to make this happen. Can't even put in a little effort? Well, no skin off my nose if you want to quit.
Michiru: No way. I'm gonna do this, just watch... *Staaare* *Staaaaaaaaare*
Michiru: Haa, haa... t-this is tough... *Staaaare*
Yuuji: Okay, do it quietly.
Michiru: Y-Yesh... *Staaaare*
Narration: *Honestly, I don't have a clue whether staring into her own eyes is actually going to wake up the other girl.*
Narration: *That's not really the point of this little exercise, though. By physically and mentally wearing Michiru out, I'm hoping to get her to a drowsy, half-conscious state where it'll be easier for her alternate self to appear.*
Narration: *My words should do the rest.*
Yuuji: Stay focused, Michiru. She'll come out any minute now. Just a matter of time.
Narration: *I'm not really convinced of that, but I keep up a constant chorus of firm declarations to the contrary. In other words, I'm forcing the idea that "she's definitely going to wake up" into Michiru's mind.*
Narration: *Hopefully, my confident attitude will eventually lead her to the surface...*
Michiru: *S-Staaaaare*...
Narration: *All of a sudden, something changes in Michiru's face. It's a truly subtle transformation, but the cast of her eyes seems slightly different.*
Yuuji: There you are. Finally woke up, eh?
Michiru: ...Mmm...
Narration: *We're close enough now that just talking like it's a done deal should finish things up.*
Narration: *Michiru's unlocked the door, and now I've pushed it open. The girl steps blinking into the light.*
Michiru: ...Just... Just forget about me. It's all right. Don't worry about it...
Narration: *Bingo. Knew I could pull this off.*
Yuuji: Thought that was you. I'm happy to see you again.
Michiru: The feeling isn't mutual. Why am I here? I already decided to disappear. This girl doesn't need me in her life any longer.
Yuuji: Now you're talking just the way Michiru was before. Aren't you supposed to have a little more sense than her?
Michiru: Look, I shouldn't be taking control of this body any more. It's wrong.
Yuuji: Michiru called you here of her own free will. There's nothing wrong with accepting that. Why hold back?
Michiru: It's not that simple...
Yuuji: All right then, I'll give you a simple question. What are your "regrets?"
Michiru: Regrets...?
Narration: *My... regrets...*
Narration: *Deep inside Michiru, nestled inside her heart, I sink into thought.*
Narration: *Why did it turn out like this? Why do I exist inside her?*
Narration: *On the way back from school, I was badly hurt in some kind of traffic accident.*
Narration: *Until then, I'd lived a very normal life. I think.*
Narration: *Normal... hmm. I guess so? My grades were pretty decent, although I wasn't an honor student. I did fight with my parents sometimes. Even ran away from home for a day or two every once in a while.*
Narration: *Apparently I used to say some mysterious things when I was a little kid, but as I grew up that stopped happening.*
Narration: *There was someone I liked, although I'm not sure if it was a love or just a crush. I never expressed those feelings. Didn't really feel the need to. Just watching him from a distance made me happy enough.*
Narration: *―Then, out of nowhere, that accident brought it all to an end.*
Narration: *I don't know the details myself. I was just walking home after school one day when everything went black. When I came to, I was in the hospital.*
Narration: *The sharp smell of antiseptic solution and an off-white ceiling greeted me. My mind was sluggish and fuzzy, but I was awake.*
Mother: Aaaah! Her eyes just opened! She's awake!!
Narration: *Mom... What was Mom doing here? What happened to me?*
Narration: *My ears weren't quite working properly. I couldn't hear her voice that clearly.*
Narration: *I wanted to ask all sorts of questions, but my voice didn't want to cooperate. Not just that... I couldn't move my body. What was going on? It almost felt like I'd been locked up inside a cramped little box.*
Narration: *The doctor who hurried into the room at the sound of Mom's voice shone a penlight in my eyes for a while, then shook his head in silence. When she saw that, Mom started to cry.*
Narration: *I didn't understand why she was sobbing so bitterly. I mean, I was perfectly conscious, so I thought I'd recover and be back to my normal life soon enough.*
Narration: *But reality was very different from what I had imagined. Day after day, Mom sat at my bedside and squeezed my hand. Weeks rolled past, but there wasn't any sign I'd be able to go home any time soon.*
Mother: It's all right. You'll get better real soon. There's nothing to worry about.
Narration: *Yeah. I thought so too. I felt fine, really. Good enough to leave the hospital right away.*
Narration: *But even though I was really clear-headed, I still couldn't manage to move even the tip of my tongue. I didn't understand that at all. My mouth was numb and immobile; my throat felt dry sometimes, but I couldn't do anything about it.*
Narration: *I wanted to tell Mom how I felt. If I couldn't speak, even moaning would be enough.*
Narration: *But my body was completely switched off. Quiet and still as a deserted school building in the middle of the night.*
Narration: *My classmates didn't come to visit.*
Narration: *...No, that's not entirely true. A few days after the accident, a group of girls I'd been friendly with did show up once. But when they got a look at me lying there in my bed, they grimaced.*
Narration: *They weren't too obvious about it in front of Mom, but I noticed the subtle change in their attitude. They kept their distance for the whole visit, and it wasn't long before they left.*
Narration: *As they walked away, I could see one of them mouthing the words "Hope I never end up like that."*
Narration: *After my classmates left, Mom gently stroked my head. As if to reassure me that everything would be all right.*
Narration: *I had no way of knowing what had happened to my body or the details of my condition. But from what the girls had said, I could tell it must have been pretty bad.*
Narration: *I guess Dad was busy with work, since he only came to visit occasionally. Even so, I was always happy when he did show up.*
Narration: *But when Dad looked at me, he always had a really scary look on his face. His eyes were empty - completely emotionless.*
Narration: *He looked down at me with the face of a man debating whether to throw away an old can of herbicide from the back of his shed.*
Father: How is she? Any changes in her condition?
Mother: No, it's the same as yesterday. She's breathing very steadily.
Father: And I expect tomorrow will be the exact same as today. There's no point in coming here, is there?
Mother: Please don't talk like that. She's very glad to see you, dear.
Father: Is she, now?
Narration: *Dad peered down, studying my face. I really was glad to see him, but I didn't have any way of expressing that happiness.*
Father: Well, I don't know about that. Can't tell if she's "seeing" me at all.
Narration: *"I can see you just fine. I can hear your voice."*
Father: ...Same as yesterday. It's almost like time's stopped.
Narration: *I loved Dad, but I was starting to think he hated me.*
Narration: *Maybe he used to love me, but hated me because of what I'd become?*
Narration: *Not that I even knew what I looked like anymore, honestly.*
Narration: *Once a week, Mom would wash my body with a wet cloth. I always loved soaking in the bath, so it wasn't really satisfying by comparison. But since she was doing everything for me now, I didn't exactly have the right to complain. Not that I could have if I wanted to.*
Narration: *What really impressed me was the soap she used. It was always lightly fruit-scented.*
Narration: *Mom knew that I'd been secretly buying fruit soaps using my pocket money. She must have looked for them in my room and brought them to the hospital for me.*
Narration: *My feelings about my parents began to change. Mom was nice. Dad was scary.*
Narration: *One day, they started quarreling over some trivial thing right next to me. It started when Mom said something about wanting to take family trips again; Dad got irritated and started shouting at her.*
Father: That's not going to happen as long as she's around. Look at the girl! Where do you think she's going to go?
Mother: We could take her to the amusement park again, just like we did before. She loved it, didn't she?
Father: Don't ask me. I just remember her crying. More importantly, you want to carry her there in a wheelchair?
Mother: There are plenty of people who go to amusement parks in wheelchairs, aren't there?
Father: But the girl isn't conscious! Look, she's not like other children anymore! We can't take her on trips! It isn't possible!
Narration: *"No more trips, huh? I didn't know that, Dad."*
Mother: We don't know that yet, now do we? The doctor said...
Father: Doctor? Forget the damn doctor. She's already as good as dead. Just look at this!
Narration: *Dad strode over to my bedside, then violently smacked my cheeks with the palms of his hands.*
Father: Well, are you alive? If you're in there, say something! It's Dad! Look, it's Dad!
Mother: Stop it, dear!
Father: Shut up. The girl can't hear a damn thing. She's completely oblivious! And she's going to stay asleep in that bed forever, doing nothing but tying us down!
Mother: Don't talk like that!
Father: ...Stop squawking. Look, just do me a favor and don't talk nonsense anymore. It makes me sick.
Narration: *Dad swung the door open violently and stalked out.*
Narration: *I wanted to tell him he was wrong. I could see everything. I could hear just fine.*
Narration: *But it didn't hurt when he slapped me. And I couldn't cry, even when my parents fought bitterly before my eyes.*
Mother: I'm sorry. It hurt, didn't it? I won't let him do that again.
Narration: *Mom returned to my side and began to gently stroke my head.*
Mother: Dad's just a little stressed from work lately. It's all right. We'll go somewhere as a family soon, okay?
Narration: *Her tone of voice was tender. But even a child like me could understand those words were flimsy, makeshift lies.*
Narration: *They didn't take me to the toilet, but I wasn't wearing a diaper. Apparently, my body had changed past the need for such things.*
Narration: *Instead, a mess of plastic tubes constantly pumped things into and out of me.*
Narration: *Sometimes a nurse would come and replace the tubing. It was agonizingly painful, like having my stomach cut open by a dull knife.*
Narration: *But since I couldn't scream or even shed a tear, they never even knew.*
Narration: *I could see that Mom was getting thinner with every passing day. It wasn't surprising. From dawn until dusk, she was at my side, talking to my motionless body; reading me books, as if I were a baby again.*
Narration: *The doctors stopped by frequently at first, but their visits grew rarer as the weeks stretched into months. Eventually, they stopped coming entirely. A nurse would stop by maybe once a week, mainly for politeness' sake.*
Narration: *I began to understand that my life was essentially over. I'd come to the end of myself. I didn't want to trouble Mom anymore, but there wasn't anything I could do to change the situation.*
Narration: *"This sucks," I tried to say.*
Narration: *Naturally, the words didn't leave my mouth.*
Narration: *"I'm miserable," I tried to cry.*
Narration: *But the tears wouldn't come either.*
Narration: *One night, after Mom had gone home, Dad showed up by himself. He stood next to my bed with a steely look on his face.*
Narration: *I wanted to ask him what was wrong. But by now, I'd stopped even trying to speak.*
Narration: *He reached out and put a hand on one of the machines that pumped oxygen or whatever into my body. It could be shut off easily enough if he pressed a few buttons. It probably wouldn't take long for me to die.*
Narration: *Dad looked down at me again, his harsh expression faltering. I could see unfathomably deep anguish in his eyes.*
Father: I'm sorry. I can't take this anymore. Will you forgive me?
Narration: *I didn't have to think twice.*
Narration: *―Dad, you can turn that machine off.*
Narration: *I'm sorry. I'm sorry I ended up like this. I'm sorry for becoming such a burden to you.*
Narration: *Was it my fault? I don't really think so. But the "how" and "why" no longer really matter, do they? I'm a millstone around your neck. That's just a fact.*
Narration: *So please, go ahead and kill me, Dad. There's nothing to "forgive" you for. This is what I want.*
Father: ...Goddamn it.
Narration: *But Dad just gave the machine a few light smacks, then turned on his heel and left the room.*
Narration: *"Why... didn't you kill me? I don't want to keep making everyone suffer like this... Please come back... Please kill me..."*
Narration: *―When Mom came in the next day, her eyes were red. She stroked my hair for a long time in silence.*
Narration: *"Please, Mom... you can stop the machine. Just kill me."*
Narration: *"There's no point in keeping me alive, is there? Hurry up and end this..."*
Mother: You'll be our daughter forever...
Narration: *Mom leaned in to kiss my cheek, but lost her balance and fell to the floor. After nursing me day in and day out for months, the accumulated fatigue must have finally overwhelmed her.*
Narration: *I heard the loud thump of her body striking something hard. It looked as though she'd fallen in an awkward way, but the area under the bed was below my field of vision. I was frantic with worry. Had she struck her head?*
Narration: *I wanted to scream for help, but that was just as impossible. It was beyond frustrating. It was torture.*
Narration: *Pleasant, warm sunlight streamed in through the open window, and a gentle breeze stirred the curtains. I could hear the voices of laughing children outside. It was a very peaceful day, the sort that slips easily by before you know it.*
Narration: *And as the minutes ticked tranquilly past, Mom lay on the floor of my hospital room.*
Narration: *I couldn't see what had happened to her, but she wasn't moving.*
Narration: *"This can't be happening! Somebody come! Please hurry! Please! Please!!"*
Narration: *Picturing myself thrashing around in the bed, I tried desperately to squeeze a sound, any sound, out of my mouth. But it was useless. I sat there still as a stone.*
Narration: *More than an hour later, Dad finally arrived.*
Father: ―!? What happened!? Are you all right!?
Narration: *His face a mask of shock, Dad scrambled to my bedside and picked Mom up in his arms. Her face was wet with bright red blood.*
Father: Did you fall? Just look at this cut on your head... Goddamn it... Hold on, I'll get you looked at right away.
Narration: *Dad carried Mom out of the room. But before he left, he turned over his shoulder and shot me an angry look. As if blaming me for what had happened.*
Narration: *"But you're wrong, Dad. This is your fault."*
Narration: *"I mean, none of this would've happened if you'd just killed me, would it?"*
Narration: *Following the accident, Dad took over the role of my caretaker. He spent the days working on his laptop, never making eye contact with me.*
Narration: *But after less than a week of this, a doctor came into my hospital room and began discussing something with Dad.*
Doctor: These people happened to be searching for a heart donor.
Father: ...I see.
Doctor: Are you sure about this?
Narration: *Dad was clearly distressed, but after brooding for several minutes, he nodded silently.*
Narration: *Accepting a pen from the doctor, he slowly signed a number of documents.*
Narration: *That night, Dad came right up to my side and watched my face for a long time.*
Father: I'm sorry. I haven't told Mom about this. No clue how I'm going to explain it to her, either. But what else can I do?
Father: We're both... past our limits. At this rate, we're going to fall apart.
Narration: *Dad didn't take my hand or stroke my head. If this was going to be the last time, I wanted him to touch me. Even for a moment.*
Father: I really am sorry. If... If you can hear me, please say something.
Narration: *"Thank you, Dad."*
Father: ...Of course you can't talk. What am I saying? Ridiculous...
Narration: *Dad stayed by my side until morning. I was really happy.*
Narration: *―The next day, an unfamiliar doctor came to my room. He gave me a number of injections, stripped me naked, and carefully inspected my body. Dad stood silently by and watched. Mom wasn't there.*
Narration: *At the end, Dad looked down at me and said something, but I couldn't make out the words.*
Narration: *I was loaded onto a stretcher and carried to an operating room.*
Narration: *My heart was going to be taken out of my body to save someone else.*
Narration: *It'd be a lie to say I had no regrets, but that didn't sound so terrible. A lot more appealing than lying around helplessly and making Mom and Dad miserable, at least.*
Narration: *No matter how badly I wanted to move, my body was still. No matter how much I wanted to speak, I couldn't talk to anyone. I didn't want to exist like that.*
Doctor: Well then, let's begin the procedure.
Narration: *That day, in that operating room, I think I died once.*
Yuuji: I see. So then your heart was transplanted into Michiru's body?
Michiru: That's right. But I certainly didn't expect my consciousness to move along with it. Quite a surprise.
Michiru: I spent most of my time in a world of darkness. But when something painful happened to Michiru, light would come flooding down onto me like a spotlight on a stage.
Michiru: And when I pulled that light to me, I realized that I could move her body.
Michiru: When I first noticed I could control her body... to be honest, I thought it was wrong to do so.
Michiru: I mean, it was her body, not mine. Even if it was possible to take over, the ethical choice would be to pretend otherwise. Stay sleeping in the darkness forever.
Michiru: But after all those months I spent motionless in that hospital bed... I could move my fingers. I could speak. I could turn my gaze where I wanted. And I think that brought me pleasure.
Michiru: I hadn't realized just how wonderful the ability to move your body freely is.
Yuuji: Not surprising that you'd feel that way. But the body you were moving wasn't actually "yours"... Someone upstairs has a nasty sense of humor.
Michiru: Michiru seemed to have closed off her heart because of the tragedies of her childhood. I thought I might be able to help her...
Michiru: I started coming out in her place when it was hardest for her, doing all sorts of things on her behalf. I tried very hard to improve her life.
Michiru: But to be honest, I might have been simply reveling in the ability to move.
Michiru: Had I really been thinking about what Michiru needed, that was the last thing I would've done. I was sticking my nose in where it didn't belong. I only brought her more worries... more pain.
Yuuji: Not intentionally. And you did everything you could to ease that pain. Michiru's suffering hurt you too.
Michiru: Yes. Like I said, I'm not a villain. I really did want nothing more than to help Michiru.
Yuuji: Well, she wants to return the favor, so let's talk about these regrets of yours. By which I mean - what do you want to do?
Michiru: Regrets... right. Well, if I could have any wish granted, I guess I'd want to see Mom and Dad again.
Yuuji: Your parents, eh?
Michiru: Yeah. That's the one thing I'd want more than anything else. I mean... it's not like there's anything in particular I want to do after meeting them, but I'd like to see their faces.
Yuuji: I see. That's your wish, is it?
Michiru: But that's impossible, of course. I'm not Japanese, after all... My home is a very long way away. And it's not like they'd even recognize me in this body.
Narration: *I reach out and squeeze the girl's hand tightly.*
Yuuji: I can't return you to your original form, but I can take you to your parents. If that's what you want, I'll help make it happen.
Yuuji: After all, that's what Michiru wants as well.
Michiru: ...But, uh, I didn't live in Japan, remember?
Yuuji: What about it? Is that supposed to be a problem? The only issue I see here is your waffling. We don't have to do this if you don't want to, all right? You might regret it later, but it's your choice to make.
Yuuji: So? What'll it be?
Michiru: What's that supposed to...
Yuuji: You've already made up your mind, haven't you? And you know you have. I'll give you two seconds to answer. This is your only chance. Ready...
Michiru: Huh!? I-I'll go!
Yuuji: I hadn't even started counting, but whatever.
Michiru: ...Ah, uhm. Okay, Yuuji-kun... take me to where Mom and Dad are. I want to see their faces. That's enough for me.
Yuuji: Understood. Stand by here for five minutes.
Michiru: Huh? Hold on, wait a second? What's happening in five minutes!?
Michiru: He's gone...
Narration: *......*
Narration: *............*
Narration: *..................*
Michiru: Uh, but... there's no way, right? I mean, I...
Principal: Aargh, honestly! What on earth is Kazami-kun thinking!? Bad enough to drag me into this, but Harudera-san too!?
Michiru: P-Principal... Tachibana...?
Principal: That's right. I've heard about the situation. Aaargh, I swear... he knew I couldn't refuse if he put it like that... Shameless! Are there any depths he won't sink to...? ...I'll never forgive him...
Michiru: Uhm, I'm afraid I don't understand...
Principal: Huh? Oh, sorry about that. Don't mind me, just get prepared for departure. Although in this case, changing into your shoes will be good enough.
Principal: You won't need a change of clothes or a passport. Since this isn't a sight-seeing trip, you can leave the guidebook at home too, right?
Michiru: Uh, but...
Principal: Sorry, but you'll have to skip the amusement parks this time. I'm afraid we weren't able to arrange that fun an itinerary on such short notice.
Principal: Uwaaaaaaah! Come on! I might have given permission, but that doesn't mean you have to land in the front yard! Those flowers were just about to bloom!!
Michiru: A-An airplane...!?
Yuuji: Sorry to keep you waiting. Good thing we happened to have someone flying around nearby. How'd I do? Was that five minutes?
Narration: *With a wink at Chizuru, I drag Michiru out of her room.*
Principal: Look here, Kazami-kun! You know what's going to happen when you get back, right!?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'll take responsibility. Where I can, at least. We'll go fifty-fifty on the rest.
Principal: Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! I'll get you for this!!
Michiru: ...Hey, what is this? An airplane landing inside the campus...?
Yuuji: It's our ride. We're going to see your parents. Right now.
Michiru: Right now!?
Yuuji: Yes, right now. Once the decision is made, why put off taking action? You agreed to this yourself, remember?
Michiru: But...
Narration: *Before the girl can continue her sputtering objections, I cover her eyes with my hand.*
Yuuji: Just trust me, all right?
Michiru: O-Okay.
Yuuji: America's not so far as all that. Thinking back once we're there, it'll feel like we only left three seconds ago.
Yuuji: Allow me to demonstrate. Three, two, one...
Michiru: ...!
Michiru: ...W-We're here.
Yuuji: That we are. How was that? Blink of an eye, right?
Michiru: Y-Yeah. Well, maybe a little longer than three seconds... but it really did go by quickly...
Yuuji: I placed a sales call to your house on the ride over. A woman answered the phone, so they're probably home. Incidentally, they don't seem to have any plans to purchase high-quality carpets at the moment.
Michiru: You pretended to be a carpet salesman? What a bad person.
Yuuji: I'd have a bit of a guilty conscience if she'd asked for a free sample or something, but that wasn't how it happened. No harm done, right?
Michiru: Well, sure, but...
Narration: *I keep up my conversation with Yuuji-kun, but most of it goes in one ear and out the other.*
Narration: *This is the town I grew up in. The street I returned to every day. The very smell of the air brings back a flood of memories. And although it's a little dirtier than I remembered it, this is definitely my house.*
Yuuji: We'll be going back in time for dinner. You came this far, so don't hesitate. Get going.
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Narration: *I take my sweet time just getting to the porch. After a few hesitant moments, I reach up and put my finger on the doorbell.*
Narration: *―But I can't bring myself to press it. Minutes slide by as I stand there like a statue.*
Narration: *I consider having Yuuji-kun ring the bell in my place, but that would defeat the point of this visit.*
Narration: *Even so, the tiny plastic button in front of me looks like some enormous, intimidating gong. The sort of thing you'd hang by the gate to hell.*
Michiru: Haah, haah... haah... maybe I... can't do this... after all...
Narration: *Maybe... I can't do this. Maybe I'll just give up and crawl back in failure.*
Michiru: Haah... haah... ah, okay, count of three...
Michiru: T-Three...
Voice: Look, I said I didn't need any carpets, all right!?
Michiru: Eeek!! 
Narration: *I spin around to find myself face-to-face with Mom. Wasn't she supposed to be inside the house?*
Narration: *Oh, but I guess you can see the front door pretty clearly from the garden. Since I was just standing out here all this time, maybe she thought I was some kind of suspicious character.*
Narration: *She used to drive off door-to-door salesman like this every once in a while when I was a kid, come to think of it.*
Narration: *Can't say I expected her to be keeping that up at this age... Bemusement, shock, hesitation, and happiness swell up in me all at once, fusing into an unidentifiable mass of emotion.*
Mother: Oh? Goodness, I'm sorry. I had this pushy telemarketer a little while ago. Thought it was him.
Michiru: Well, uhm, I-I...
Mother: Sorry about that. I don't have many guests out here. Anyway, please come on in.
Michiru: Ah, well, no, uhm, I was just going to be on my way...
Mother: Huh? Didn't you come here for a reason? It's all right, come here... Okay?
Michiru: ...O-Okay.
Mother: Now that I get a better look, you're really quite a beauty. Take after your mom, perhaps? Heheheh. Anyway, better get inside before the coyotes come sniffing around. A little thing like you would go down in one gulp, you know?
Michiru: Y-Yes!
Mother: I'm all by myself out here, anyway. No need to feel shy.
Michiru: By yourself?
Narration: *Mom bustles into the kitchen and makes tea for me. It's her special black blend with honey and ginger. When I was a kid, I really loved this stuff... I remember asking for so many refills that she'd get mad...*
Michiru: Thank you... Ah.
Mother: Oh? What's the matter? Not to your taste?
Michiru: No, it's delicious. Very much so.
Mother: Well, glad to hear it. Have as many cups as you want.
Narration: *Mom smiles at me like a child.*
Narration: *The tea definitely isn't bad, but the flavoring's a little too sweet for me now. Are the ingredients different? Does this tongue work differently than mine? Or did I just grow up?*
Narration: *Glancing around the room, I notice how spare and empty it is. A small twinge of something like loneliness strikes me; it's the sort of melancholy you might feel when walking a scrawny old dog on a rainy day.*
Michiru: Uhm, is D... uh, your husband not in today?
Mother: Oh, the old man? Well, it was awful sudden with him... I'm afraid he died last year. I've been living on my own since then.
Mother: When I had the family in here, I was always complaining about how cramped the place seemed, but it's pretty roomy for one. Don't know what to do with it all.
Narration: *Mom chuckles at her own "joke." But I know how much she loved Dad. She has to be forcing herself.*
Michiru: Was your husband... your only family?
Mother: Nope, I had a daughter. An adorable, sweet little thing. She'd be about your age now if she was still alive.
Mother: Once we lost her, her dad changed completely. Threw himself into his job like a man possessed. It was the stress that got him.
Mother: Poor man couldn't keep going without something to constantly distract him from his feelings. Of course, it wasn't much different for me. Picked up a lot of gray hairs in those days...
Michiru: Is that so...? You must have been... lonely.
Narration: *Mom answers "That I was," her voice like a sigh.*
Mother: I've been lonely, for sure. But my husband and my girl are still alive in my heart, you know? I'm not alone. We're together right here, and that's where it counts.
Narration: *Thumping her own chest, Mom smiles brightly at me. Not knowing what to say, I just sip my tea.*
Michiru: Uhm... I know it might be rude of me to ask this, but...
Narration: *I force the question out of my mouth. It feels like leaping headfirst into the Niagara Falls.*
Michiru: Did your husband and daughter... get along?
Mother: Get along!? Well, of course they did, they were parent and child. Ahaha... you do say some silly things, dear. Oh, I know! I've got something good to show you.
Narration: *Mom leaves the room, but returns only a moment later. There's a string of worn-out old paper cranes in her hands.*
Mother: The old man stayed up all night making these for our daughter after she was hospitalized.
Mother: Of course, when it was time to actually give them to her, the man said he was too embarrassed. I swear... He was always a shy one, not that you'd guess it from that face of his.
Mother: There's a whole mountain of these in the storeroom, too. All of the thousand cranes. Japanese tradition, isn't it? He always did have a romantic side. But this was all... years ago, now.
Narration: *I touch the cranes with the tips of my fingers. The paper's damp and a little moldy. Even so, my heart fills up with warmth.*
Narration: *Just imagining my stern-faced dad hunched over a table making origami makes me want to laugh. Not his style at all.*
Mother: My husband and I loved that girl from the bottom of our hearts. It still pains me to this day that we couldn't save her.
Mother: I know I'm talking nonsense now... silly, impossible dreams, but... if I could see her just one more time, I'd want to apologize.
Mother: I'd want to apologize for not protecting my daughter till the end. I'd want her to know how sorry I am that I couldn't make her happy.
Mother: I'd want to tell her... I'm sorry I didn't love you enough... to tell her... I'm sorry for being such a terrible parent... I'm sorry...
Narration: *Watching Mom struggle on the brink of tears, I'm overcome by the need to do something, anything. I reach out and take her hand in mine.*
Narration: *She's surprised for a moment, but soon gently squeezes back. Her hand's wrinkled and dry, but still just as warm and comforting as I remember it.*
Michiru: It might be... a little strange for me to say this, but I think your daughter was happy.
Michiru: I mean, it's obvious... how much you loved her. Why would you apologize? The only person who needs to apologize is...
Narration: *All of a sudden, there's a thick lump at the bottom of my throat that the words can't find their way past. Mom leans over and begins thumping me softly on the back.*
Michiru: Uhm... I... well, I'm not sure how to... but I don't think... you need to...
Narration: *Mom's stroking my hair just like she used to. But the tears won't stop.*
Mother: You're a sweet girl, aren't you? Thank you. That makes me feel a little better.
Narration: *And with that, the flow of words stops entirely. I throw myself into Mom's arms, bawling like a baby. She seems a little taken aback, but gently embraces me.*
Narration: *In the end, I can't do a thing.*
Michiru: I'm sorry. I have to be going...
Narration: *My voice twisted beyond recognition, I somehow manage to croak out the words.*
Mother: Didn't you stop by for a reason? I'm sorry, I shouldn't have gone on and on about this...
Michiru: ......
Narration: *It takes everything I have just to shake my head. It's not your fault, Mom. None of this is. I'm the only one who needs to apologize.*
Narration: *There are so many things I want to say, but I can't get any of it across. I don't want to leave like this, but the words won't come.*
Narration: *Even though I might never see her again, even though this might be the very last time I hear her voice, all I can do is cry.*
Mother: All right then. Take care on your way home.
Narration: *Mom, I... I...*
Michiru: ..................
Narration: *The words just won't come. It's no good.*
Michiru: ―Uhm, ma'am! The truth is, I was a friend of your daughter's. That's... why I'm here.
Narration: *―!?*
Michiru: I'm sorry for crying. But I'm glad I got the chance to meet you.
Narration: *My mouth's moving all by itself, speaking for me. But it's not unpleasant. I know Michiru must be doing this for me.*
Mother: Oh? You don't say... Her friend, huh? You should have said so sooner, dear.
Narration: *Mom smiles, something like relief in her eyes. And my mouth keeps on moving.*
Michiru: I still have a lot of things I want to tell you, ma'am. This might be a little presumptuous of me, but would you mind if I sent you a letter?
Mother: Goodness, of course I wouldn't mind. I've got way too much time on my hands. But I don't have a computer in here... Will that be all right? Kids these days don't write letters using pen and paper, do they?
Michiru: That's okay, I'll write you a real letter. Please keep an eye out... I'll definitely send it soon.
Mother: Thank you, dear. The address is Gardiner...
Michiru: That's fine. I know.
Mother: That so...?
Michiru: Okay then, I'm gonna get going. See you later!
Mother: Yeah, until next time. Be careful on the way home.
Narration: *Mom petted my head one last time. I thought I'd never see her again, but Yuuji-kun brought me to her. I thought our relationship would end with this one visit, but Michiru helped me.*
Narration: *I wanted to thank them, but the only things that came out of my mouth were weird, strangled little sounds.*
Narration: *On the road outside the house, after making sure Mom wasn't watching, I cried my heart out.*
Michiru: It's all right. You did good.
Narration: *Michiru reassured me. Yuuji-kun stroked my head many times, just like Mom had.*
Narration: *The familiar smells of my hometown and the scent of kind-hearted friends mingled together in a pleasant, comforting breeze that seemed to be blowing from the future.*

Date: *September 10, 2011, 09:30 - A High Place*
Narration: *And so, a curtain falls on the story of two peculiar girls.*
Narration: *The girl who shut herself up inside a box and waited for rescue is gone. Michiru's come to understand that she's the only one who can save herself.*
Narration: *Of course, people can't live alone. We need the help of others. But what really matters is finding our own road - and the strength of will to walk it.*
Narration: *Human beings don't have wings on their backs. We have no choice but to make our way forward on the two legs we were given. Life is just a long series of such small steps.*
Narration: *There are plenty of things still undone, plenty of problems still unresolved, but that's inevitable. Anyway, wouldn't wrapping things up too neatly be a little boring?*
Narration: *From now on, Michiru and I will be dealing with the problems that come our way together.*
Narration: *The world isn't so complicated. Walk forward and you'll find the future. Turn back and you'll find your memories. Cut off a piece and you've got a story. This is just one small part of one such tale.*
Michiru: The wind sure feels nice, doesn't it...
Yuuji: True enough. I can understand why you loved this place so much.
Michiru: Don't use the past tense. I still do.
Yuuji: I see.
Narration: *However, I would be remiss not to mention that a particularly thorny difficulty has arisen in the aftermath of this incident. Am I to blame for this? Is Michiru? Or perhaps "the other girl?"*
Narration: *I wouldn't mind taking the time for a thorough analysis of the matter, but in any case, I'm currently at my wit's end.*
Michiru: I dunno. Is this place really that great...?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji-kun, why don't we head someplace else? We could get burgers or something!
Michiru: H-Hold on a second, don't just pop out like that! I'm on a date with Yuuji right now, okay? You understand? Interrupting people is not cool! Now settle down! 
Michiru: Boo. C'mon, you're terrible at this stuff. Not that Yuuji-kun's any better, what with the marathon dates... You two really are badly balanced, aren't you?
Michiru: Kiiiiii! You could have kept that thought to yourself! Hey, Yuuji, this place isn't boring or anything, right?
Yuuji: Well, I suppose "boring" would be one way to describe it, yes.
Michiru: Whaaaat!? Then why didn't you say something!? We could've gone someplace else...
Yuuji: Well, the location doesn't matter. Anywhere's fun when I'm with you.
Michiru: Gehe... gehehehe.
Michiru: What are you getting all giggly about? If you hadn't noticed, Yuuji-kun's irredeemably glib. He's obviously just buttering you up.
Michiru: Gwah! No way! I-Is that true, Yuuji? 
Yuuji: ...Hrm?
Michiru: "Hrm?" That's not good enough! I mean, why is it a question!? I don't get it! No, no, no, no, no! 
Narration: *As you can see, both personalities are now capable of emerging at the same time.*
Narration: *A nasty side-effect of my improvised hypnotism, perhaps? Then again, apparently Michiru took over the conversation for the girl on our visit to California, so maybe that's what did it.*
Narration: *Whatever the case may be, there's no changing the fact that this is a major pain in the ass.*
Michiru: H-Hmph. Well, you've got a lot of nerve lecturing me, after throwing away all my treasures just like that! That was pretty heartless, you know?
Michiru: Uh, you're the one who told me to throw them away, remember? And I didn't really get rid of them. Check above the ceiling in your room. It's all there.
Michiru: Huh!? R-Really?
Michiru: Yes, really. I've always had a habit of stashing my valuables up there. Unlike you, I'm not prone to thoughtlessly tossing "treasures" away.
Michiru: Uugh... y-you sure like playing the cool customer, but you couldn't say a thing in front of your mom, now could you?
Michiru: W-Well, no, of course not. I was really nervous back then, all right...? Ah, but thank you for helping. It meant a lot to me.
Michiru: You don't have to get all serious... Well, uhm, yeah. Sure.
Narration: *Michiru looks up at the sky, her expression slightly bashful.*
Michiru: But you know, uhm... how can I put this...?
Michiru: Let's go see your mom again sometime. I liked her a lot myself. Could kinda tell she was a nice person from her face.
Michiru: And anyway, I probably wouldn't even be alive right now if it wasn't for you. It's the least I can do.
Michiru: Suppose I should just disappear until then, eh?
Michiru: Don't! You can't do that... 
Michiru: Let's stay together from now on, okay? I don't know how or why it happened, but there are two minds in this body. It doesn't belong to either of us alone.
Michiru: We're going to share it. And from now on, it's not gonna be you helping me out all the time! I'm gonna look after you too! Just you wait and see!!
Narration: *Michiru jabs out a finger to emphasize the point. But with nowhere in particular to aim it, she ends up pointing at herself.*
Michiru: I mean, c'mon. We're "best friends," right?
Michiru: Hehehe. True enough... Well, if I left you on your own you'd probably end up making a mess of things. You are an idiot, after all. Guess I'll have to stick around.
Michiru: Wha!? Did you have to put it that way!? S-So mean!!
Michiru: Not to worry, I'll bail you out until you get your act together. I'm quite good at imitating you, after all.
Michiru: What was that!? You think you can pull off this Super Natural Tsundere!? 
Michiru: Of course I can. Piece of cake. Want me to demonstrate? *Ahem*... Alright then, Yuuji-kun.
Narration: *The conversation seems to have taken a highly problematic turn. I'd love to pretend I hadn't heard, but that's not a realistic option right now. Instead, I grunt out a reluctant half-groan of a response.*
Yuuji: Uh... yes?
Michiru: One of us is going to tsundere it up. Try to guess who it is, okay?
Yuuji: Yeah, understood. Shouldn't be a problem.
Michiru: You sure about that? Can you really tell the difference?
Yuuji: Of course. Enough with the dramatic build-up, just do it already.
Michiru: Okay then, here goes. Ready, set...
Michiru: It's not like I don't love you or anything!
Narration: *―Okay, I don't have a damn clue.*
Narration: *Michiru stares intently at my face, her eyes filled with confident expectation. God knows what's going to happen to me if I get this wrong.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Left with no alternative, I pull out the trump card.*
Yuuji: I love you too.
Michiru: Huh!? Ah...
Narration: *After a moment of bewilderment, a big grin spreads across her face.*
Michiru: Eheheh, nice to hear.
Narration: *No telling how long this trick will keep working. Have to figure out something before she catches on...*
Michiru: Good lord. How many times do I have to tell you? He's just pulling the wool over your eyes...
Michiru: Whaaa!? H-Hold on a second, Yuuji!? Is she right!? You're gonna pay big time if that's true!
Narration: *...Hrm.*

Date: *September 11, 2011, 13:25 - School Dormitory*
Narration: *Hello again. How are you? First of all, please allow me to apologize for my sudden visit the other day.*
Narration: *I'm deeply grateful for your kind reception, especially given the abrupt nature of my call.*
Narration: *I think your daughter loved you very much. And your husband, of course.*
Narration: *But in adolescence, it often becomes too embarrassing to say such things face-to-face. Perhaps you experienced something similar yourself, ma'am?*
Narration: *In any case, she was always telling me about the gratitude she felt toward her parents.*
Narration: *Your daughter told me a story once. About a visit to an amusement park, hand-in-hand with her mom and dad. A trip she said she'd never forget.*
Narration: *She described a wonderfully colorful world. The heartfelt laughter of her family. The smell of sweet popcorn, the vivid red of a balloon sailing into the sky.*
Narration: *She told me about bursting into tears when a big, scary mascot character came lumbering up out of nowhere. About sleeping on her father's back when she got tired...*
Narration: *About the scolding she got for eating all the souvenir chocolate crunch on the car ride back home. Always with an affectionate smile on her face, as though every one of those memories was a treasure.*
Narration: *In the period between childhood and maturity, we're often reluctant to honestly express our gratitude.*
Narration: *But when we leave the things we had far behind, we come to realize with painful clarity just how precious they were. Just how happy they made us.*
Narration: *I'm going to write a little about myself now. Today, I'm blessed with kind friends and a wonderful partner, surrounded by people I care about. It's a very happy life.*
Narration: *And although we're very far apart, ma'am, I consider you a crucial part of that life. A dear friend.*
Narration: *I apologize if my presumptuousness offends you, but that's truly how I feel.*
Narration: *Right now, I'm far away from you and your daughter; but I doubt a day will ever go by where I don't think of you. And I believe that your daughter has found happiness.*
Narration: *This letter is getting rather lengthy, so I'll wrap things up here for now.*
Narration: *May I write you again? There's still much more I want to tell you. If you find yourself with too much time on your hands, please send me a letter in reply.*
Narration: *I'm very interested to hear how you're getting along.*
Narration: *Well then, until we meet again. From Japan, with love...*
Michiru: Hrm, that really is nicely written. But isn't this breaking the rules? This is my date day with Yuuji, right? You're supposed to be taking the day off...
Michiru: Yes, yes. I know, but I really wanted to finish writing this today.
Michiru: Well, I'll allow it, I suppose. We'll just treat it like stoppage time or something. Just one question, though. Who's this "wonderful partner" supposed to be? Don't tell me you're talking about Yuuji?
Michiru: Your partner is my partner, right?
Michiru: Of course not! Yuuji's all mine!! 
Michiru: Is that so...? Hmmmmm.
Michiru: W-What's that supposed to mean?
Michiru: Oh, nothing.
Yuuji: Heeey, get a move on in there. Don't be late unless you feel like running again!
Michiru: See!? See!? You hear that!? If he makes me run, you better do it instead! 
Michiru: Geez... all right, all right. Nothing left now except sealing the envelope, so I'll go to sleep. But make absolutely sure you remember, all right? Seal it and mail it.
Michiru: I know, I know. Okay, goodnight! Bye!!
Michiru: Mm... yeah, night.
Narration: *I can feel her closing her eyes and sinking into sleep. Since we accepted each other, we've picked up a bunch of new tricks like this.*
Narration: *These days, I can feel her moving inside me.*
Yuuji: Three minutes until scheduled time of assembly. I'm going to make you both run, by the way. Timeliness is a group responsibility.
Michiru: Whaaaat!? W-Wait a second, just a second!!
Narration: *I take the envelope and begin to fold her letter... then pause, grab a pen, and scratch a few lines at the very bottom of the page.*
Michiru: Okay, "P.S."...
Narration: *For some reason, I remembered the way she hid my treasures. When I slid the corner tile free from the dorm room ceiling, my diaries and photos came tumbling down, along with my treasure-rocks. Maybe...*
Yuuji: My patience is at an end! I'm leaving you behind! Next time, get moving five minutes before you think you need to!
Michiru: H-Hold on, wait for me! Let's go mail the letter together!!
Mother: "I'm very interested to hear how you're getting along. Well then, until we meet again. From Japan, with love..."
Mother: Oh my, she really is a sweet girl. Awfully kind of her to bother writing to an old lady like me...
Mother: Hm? A postscript? Goodness, for some reason the characters seem a lot sloppier... "If you've left your daughter's room the way it was, please try looking above the ceiling. You might find something."
Mother: Above the ceiling? Hmm, let's see here...
Mother: Goodness gracious... Well, isn't that something...

Yuuji: Don't leave after all. Let's stay together.
Yuuji: You don't need to go to a hospital, all right? Just be with me. It'll be enough.
Narration: *All of a sudden, I'm hugging Michiru tightly. I didn't really expect to get so emotional about this, honestly. My body seems to be moving faster than my mind.*
Michiru: Ow, Yuuji, that hurts...
Yuuji: Yeah, sorry. Reflex...
Michiru: "Reflex" yourself. Sheesh. I'm going to the hospital to have them take a look at me... and you're gonna stay here and look after the place while I'm gone. C'mon, you're the one who decided this, remember?
Yuuji: True enough. Lost my cool for a moment there. Sorry about that.
Michiru: Nah... it's fine. I mean, it made me happy.
Narration: *With one last bright smile, Michiru turns to leave.*
Michiru: Okay then Yuuji, see you later!
Narration: *And just like that, the girl disappeared from the dormitory.*
Narration: *Without her, the school felt strangely cold and quiet. Like a rain-damp forest in winter.*
Narration: *I awaited her return, filling the time with my reading. It was just a week. Only a week.*
Narration: *The books I completed formed a pile at my bedside. Just as the tower reached twenty volumes, the principal called me to her office.*
Date: *August 27, 2011, 13:26 - Mihama Academy - Principal's Office*
Yuuji: Something wrong with Michiru?
Principal: ...Yes, I think it's fair to say something is wrong. Extremely wrong, in fact.
Narration: *I enter the office to find Chizuru unusually hostile. I seat myself on the sofa and stare her straight in the eyes.*
Yuuji: So tell me. Don't sugarcoat it. Something about her illness?
Principal: "Illness" isn't the issue. She attempted suicide.
Yuuji: ...Suicide?
Narration: *Again...? Why?*
Yuuji: But it was only an attempt, right?
Principal: ...Yes. But I'm afraid it's not exactly an "all's well that ends well" situation. She smuggled in a large quantity of medication and washed them down with alcohol on the first day of her hospitalization.
Principal: They pumped her stomach, but it seems they were too late. It was only the first day of her visit, so the staff was caught off-guard.
Yuuji: ..."Too late?"
Principal: Temporary cardiopulmonary arrest resulted in severe general hypoxia. It's entirely likely that she suffered permanent brain damage.
Yuuji: What did you just say?
Yuuji: Where is Michiru right now!? Let me see her!
Principal: Calm down.
Yuuji: Just tell me where she is, damn it!
Principal: I'm telling you to calm down. This isn't like you.
Yuuji: The hell does that matter right now!?
Principal: Matsushima-san will be coming back to this school soon enough. I've consulted her parents about the situation... and it was decided that we'd continue to look after her here for the foreseeable future.
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
Principal: Exactly what it sounds like. She's going to need a lot of attention, so they pushed her off onto us. Parents these days...
Yuuji: ......
Principal: Can you see that taxi outside? Your Alice seems to have returned. Hurry and welcome her home.
Yuuji: Damn it...
Yuuji: ...Michiru?
Michiru: ..................
Yuuji: Welcome back.
Michiru: ..................
Narration: *I don't know why Michiru attempted suicide once again. But whatever her reasons, it doesn't change the fact that she came back to this world alive. And that's a hell of a lot better than the alternative.*
Yuuji: You all right? Think you can walk?
Michiru: ..................
Yuuji: Looks like you went through a lot. Must be tired.
Michiru: ..................
Narration: *The girl tries to respond to my words, but seems to have forgotten how. Sometimes she closes her eyes for a long moment and lets out a slow sigh.*
Yuuji: Don't worry. Nothing's changed. I'm not going anywhere.
Michiru: ..................
Yuuji: I'm going to leave your luggage here. Need anything?
Michiru: ..................
Yuuji: Will you be all right by yourself?
Michiru: ...No...
Yuuji: I see. I'll stay with you, then.
Narration: *From that day forth, I began to live at Michiru's side. At first, the others were shocked at her complete transformation, but they tried their best to interact with their friend as usual.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, Michiru no longer seemed interested.*
Date: *August 30, 2011, 13:42 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Makina: Ah, it's Onii-chan and Chiruchiru!
Michiru: Uuugh...
Yuuji: Whoops. Watch it, Makina. I think you're aware, but lately this girl seems to be considering any woman who gets too close to me as an enemy.
Makina: Uuu. Yeah, I know, but that's just too much to swallow! Chiruchiru, I'm okay. I'm on yer side!
Michiru: Ggghhh!
Makina: Grgghh!
Amane: Okay, Makina, spare us the idiotic competitive spirit. No pestering Michiru and Yuuji.
Makina: Huhhhh!? Whaddaya mean, pesterin'? I'm not doin' nothin'!
Amane: Yes, yes. That's enough. Sorry, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Not a problem. See you later.
Makina: Tch, so lame...
Sachi: Ah, Michiru-sama. Good afternoon. Are you going out somewhere? 
Michiru: ...Nhh...
Sachi: We seem to be in a good mood today. Her voice is a bit softer than usual.
Yuuji: Hrm, suppose so. Michiru, my friend, why don't we go on a date today? I'll take you wherever you want to go.
Michiru: ...Date... Date!
Sachi: Wah. Michiru-sama seems quite happy, doesn't she...
Yuuji: That she does. Makes me feel pretty good myself.
Sachi: Kazami-san, your face has grown very gentle and kind since Michiru-sama returned. I think it's a wonderful thing.
Yuuji: That a fact? It's kind of strange to hear you say that... but maybe I have changed a little.
Sachi: Please do take care on your outing. 
Michiru: Unh... uuuh.
Narration: *I slowly walk down the coastal road, leading Michiru along.*
Narration: *She steadily gazes up into the sky at my side. Periodically, she rubs her eyes with her free hand, dazzled by the light.*
Yuuji: Too bright? Don't stare into the sun.
Michiru: ...Uhh... uuugh.
Narration: *Heedless of my warning, she continues to repeat the pattern.*
Michiru: Ah... ah! It's Meowmel! Meowmel! 
Yuuji: Hm... what was that?
Michiru: Meowmel... Meowmelll... 
Narration: *Partway to our destination, Michiru grabs a plastic bag that was fluttering across the road in the wind. She hugs the ratty piece of trash tightly, as if it were a priceless treasure.*
Michiru: Meowmel... You're so cute... Meowmel...
Narration: *She's genuinely mistaken that white convenience store bag for her black cat. There's a stab of cold pain in my chest, but I shake it off and firmly stroke Michiru's head.*
Michiru: M... Meow... mmm...
Narration: *Michiru closes her eyes in pleasure as I ruffle her hair. It's all I can do. No words come.*
Michiru: Love?
Yuuji: Yeah... I love you.
Michiru: Ehehe... Meowmel, he loves me... Meowmel...
Narration: *Smiling happily, Michiru continues playing with her plastic bag. We sit there like this for an hour or so.*
Narration: *In the end, I wasn't able to understand her in the slightest. Human beings can never really know each other's feelings, but I had hoped to find my way a little closer than this.*
Narration: *Michiru's mind was far deeper and darker a trench than I expected. Her story proved unintelligible, as if written in unfamiliar, cryptic characters. And the key to that cipher's lost to me now.*
Narration: *Some part of me must have been clinging to the arrogant belief that I could "save" her. But in the end, I couldn't do a thing. Not even for a single girl.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Yuuji: Did you... just say something?
Michiru: Meowmel... you're so cute, Meowmel...
Yuuji: Just my imagination...? Anyway... It's starting to get chilly out. Let's go back, Michiru.
Michiru: Ugh... don't wanna... Stay here... I wanna stay here forever... Don't wanna go anywhere.
Yuuji: You're a handful, you know that? Guess there's no getting around it. I'll stick with you till the end.
Michiru: Hmmhahmm, hahmmha.♪ 
Yuuji: Sure looks happy...
Narration: *For some time after that, Michiru and I gaze out at the sea. And I recall the words she spoke to me here once.*
Narration: *"When I'm up here, it feels like I can see all the way to the ends of the earth."*
Narration: *But here we are, so very close, and I can't even make out the entrance to her heart.*
Michiru: ...Love you.
Narration: *But when I reach out my hand, Michiru's there; that hasn't changed. That won't change.*
Narration: *Seems like I've finally stumbled into a calmer way of life. We'll go on together, just the two of us.*
Michiru: Meowmel...
Narration: *No. The three of us, I suppose.*

Michiru: ...Uhm...
Yuuji: What's wrong? The others are worried, you know.
Michiru: Uhm... I don't think I can stand this after all...
Narration: *Michiru mumbles a spectacularly inadequate explanation in a tear-choked voice. I honestly don't know what she's trying to say.*
Michiru: ...Uhm... I want to... y'know.
Yuuji: Want to do what? If you have something to say, then say it.
Michiru: Pretend is fine, but... I wanna kiss.
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Narration: *What is this girl thinking? I stop by out of concern for her physical well-being, and she drags me in here for this, of all things?*
Yuuji: I don't understand you. First you go on about how you don't want anything from me anymore, and now you're demanding kisses?
Michiru: I-I'm sorry... The truth is, I'm so scared... I don't even know what to do anymore. So, please... can we pretend again? Even if it's a lie, I think it'll help...
Yuuji: Is playing pretend really going to satisfy you?
Michiru: I don't knooow... I don't know, but if we go all the way, maybe it'll help a little...
Yuuji: All the way? What's that supposed to mean?
Narration: *Michiru looks at me with an earnest expression and pleads her case.*
Michiru: Please... my heart hurts. I don't think I can stand this much longer... I want a reason why I can be here. I want something to help me believe... that I matter...
Yuuji: I decline.
Michiru: Huh?
Yuuji: You're just in a temporary state of mental agitation. Sorry, but I don't make a habit of playing with distraught women.
Michiru: ...I'm not distraught... I'm not. I'm the same as always...
Yuuji: You sure as hell don't look it.
Michiru: J-Just do what I say, idiot! ...C-C'mon already.
Narration: *I can't help but let out a little tactless laughter. I guess the girl's trying to demonstrate she's the "same as always" by means of this incredibly strained tsundere act, but seriously...*
Michiru: W-Why are you laughing...? Hurry up and... pretend to love me already!
Yuuji: Honestly... you really are an idiot.
Michiru: S-Shut up. Are you going to do this or not? Make up your mind...
Yuuji: All right, since you insist that strongly I'll play along. But is this really going to accomplish anything?
Michiru: I dunno... I dunno, but if you do it, I'll feel a little better... and I think I'll find the courage to tell you about... a lot of stuff...
Yuuji: A lot of stuff, is it? Hrm... Well, whatever, that works. I do have a lot of things I want to ask you.
Narration: *I pull Michiru close to me and bring my face to hers.*
Michiru: Mm...
Narration: *When our lips touch lightly, a soft moan escapes from the corner of her mouth.*
Narration: *Just as requested, I repeat gentle, affectionate kisses of the sort a loving couple might share.*
Michiru: Mm... mm, haa...
Yuuji: Something wrong? Your breathing seems to have gotten rough all of a sudden.
Michiru: Haah... mnn... n-no it hasn't... mm, mmm... idiot!
Narration: *Still trying to pull the tsundere act, huh?*
Narration: *In that case...*
Michiru: Mmm... Mm, mm... hah, mmm!
Narration: *As I press my lips against Michiru's yet again, I place my hands on her small chest. Her entire body instantly goes rigid as a board.*
Michiru: Mmm... y-you're doing that too...? C-Cut it out...
Yuuji: You said to go all the way, didn't you...? Having second thoughts? I really will stop if you want.
Narration: *Even as I speak, I remove my hands from Michiru's chest.*
Michiru: Ah...
Narration: *But she quickly catches the sleeve of my shirt to halt my retreat.*
Michiru: Don't really stop...
Yuuji: Didn't you just tell me to cut it out?
Michiru: T-That wasn't... uhm... W-Well, yeah, but that's not what I meant. F-Figure it out, already!
Yuuji: ...I see. In that case, next time I won't stop even if you ask me to.
Michiru: Y-Yeah, that's fine. You don't have to spell it out, okay? Idiot...
Narration: *The girl's tough tone fades in and out at random. Feeling nervous, it would seem.*
Narration: *It had slipped my mind until her body went stiff at my touch, but Michiru's a total virgin.*
Narration: *...Maybe a slightly different approach is called for.*
Yuuji: Don't make me do all the work, Michiru. Try starting a kiss yourself for once.
Michiru: Huh...?
Yuuji: Compared to me kissing you unilaterally, a give-and-take exchange would be more "couple-like," don't you think?
Michiru: Ah...
Michiru: Y-Yeah. G-Guess there's no helping it, but... this is a special exception, all right?
Yuuji: Right, right.
Narration: *I bring my face toward Michiru's and stop just as my lips are about to make contact with hers.*
Narration: *Her cheeks flush a vivid shade of red. Seems she's taken the hint.*
Michiru: ...Mm, *Smack*
Narration: *After a hesitant moment where her eyes flit back and forth, Michiru softly touches her lips to mine, lightly sucks against my mouth, then retreats.*
Narration: *Before she has a chance to turn her face aside in embarrassment, I follow and kiss her in return.*
Michiru: Mm, hah... *Smack*... nn... ahm... *Smack*... haaah...
Narration: *We press our lips together again and again, alternating attack and defense.*
Narration: *Michiru's tension seems to be gradually melting away, as her sighs grow slightly louder and noticeably more passionate.*
Yuuji: Michiru...
Michiru: Mmmm... *Smack*... Yuujiii... *Kiss*... Yuuji, I wanted to do this... for so long...
Narration: *Whenever our lips part for a moment, Michiru looks up at me with moist eyes.*
Narration: *I reach out to stroke her cheek, then slide my hand along her neck to the shoulder.*
Narration: *From there, with deliberately teasing slowness, my fingers make their way to her chest.*
Michiru: Ah, haah... mm, mm... *Smack* *Suck*...
Narration: *This time, Michiru attempts to disguise her embarrassment by coming at me with a kiss.*
Narration: *As I return it, I begin to gently massage her smallish breasts.*
Michiru: Ah, haau... nn, ah... *Smack*... ah, hmmn... *Smack*... *Kiss*...
Narration: *Seems that long round of kissing has finally gotten the girl warmed up. Every movement of my fingers prompts a small sigh of pleasure.*
Narration: *I gradually increase the pace of my caresses and slightly increase the force I apply to her breasts.*
Michiru: Ah, nn... mmm... *Smack*... *Suck*... mm... mmn, ah...
Michiru: Mmm, mmm... my head's... going all fuzzy...
Narration: *Turning her increasingly misty eyes up to mine, Michiru mumbles vague words.*
Narration: *Not that I'm immune myself; I can feel a pleasant heat building up inside my head as I press my lips against Michiru's once more.*
Michiru: Mmm... *Smack*... *Kiss*... Yuujiii...
Narration: *Michiru calls out my name in a sweet, fawning tone.*
Narration: *Taking that as my cue, I slip my tongue inside her mouth.*
Michiru: !
Narration: *Taken off her guard by my sudden aggression, Michiru twitches underneath me.*
Narration: *But soon, she grabs hold of my shirt and shuts her eyes, then timidly offers me her tongue.*
Michiru: Mm... mmm... *Slrp*... mmn...
Narration: *At first, only the tips of our tongues touch; it's as if we're cautiously feeling each other out.*
Narration: *Our tongues part briefly, only to slowly, tentatively find their way back together.*
Michiru: Mmm... *Slurp*... mm, ahn... This kiss is really... naughty...
Yuuji: Please. This is hardly anything out of the ordinary.
Yuuji: A "naughty" kiss would be something more like this.
Narration: *I invade even deeper inside Michiru's mouth, twining my tongue around hers as if caressing it.*
Michiru: Mmmm! Mmf, ah... Yuushi's... petti'g m'tongue...
Yuuji: C'mon, it's all me again. Don't just sit there.
Michiru: Y-Yeah, I know, but... mm, mmhaa!
Yuuji: What's the matter? Some tsundere you are.
Michiru: Mnn. S-Shaddup, you... I was just biding my time...
Narration: *Falling all too easily for my provocation, Michiru attempts to imitate my French kiss.*
Narration: *I answer her awkward movements, and our tongues tangle wetly together.*
Michiru: Nn, fuh... hah, nn... *Slurp*... *Smack*... Mmm...
Narration: *As our kisses grow deeper, I feel Michiru's heated moans all the more intimately.*
Narration: *The contents of my head seem to be slowly approaching the boiling point. My previously deliberate movements grow faster and rougher.*
Michiru: Nn, *Slurp*... *Smch*... mm, nn... fwah... you're fondli'g... my to'gue...
Michiru: Amf, mmm... *Smack* *Lick*... Mmfh... it's a naugh'y kiss... but I feel ki'da... relieved...
Narration: *Watching Michiru squirm around inside my arms, my arousal grows impossible to suppress.*
Narration: *Still wrestling my tongue around hers, I begin to undo the buttons of her uniform.*
Michiru: Ah...
Narration: *Michiru squeaks softly in surprise, but my hands don't stop moving.*
Narration: *After removing her ribbon, I quickly finish unbuttoning the blouse, then immediately roll up the bra underneath to expose her beasts.*
Yuuji: Your nipples seem to be erect, Michiru.
Michiru: N-No, they aren't. This is totally normal, okay...?
Narration: *Her face bright red, Michiru offers a dubious defense in a voice quaking with embarrassment.*
Narration: *Unfortunately for her, this accomplishes nothing except stimulating my sadistic instincts. I respond by pinching her nipples sharply.*
Michiru: Hyaan!
Yuuji: If this is "totally normal," your nipples are unusually large.
Michiru: That's not... fwah! Ah, ahn... no, don't roll them around...! Nnnn!
Yuuji: Also, they're quite hard.
Michiru: Nhaaah, ah, ah... I-I just said... not to roll them around...
Yuuji: So you did.
Yuuji: But when I told you "I'm not going to stop next time," you agreed.
Michiru: That's not... ahn! Aaah, haah, ann... fwaaaah.
Narration: *Every time I play with her nipples, Michiru moans noisily.*
Narration: *It's pretty enjoyable hearing the girl squeal like this, but...*
Yuuji: Try to keep it down, Michiru. The others are going to catch on.
Michiru: !?
Michiru: Nhaaah... h-hold on... ah, aah... when you rub my nipples that much... nnnah, I can't control my voice...
Yuuji: So it seems.
Michiru: Naah, fwaah... afuh, nn... "So it seems!?" What the h... haah, nn!
Yuuji: You really want to stop after coming this far?
Michiru: Well... nnn... no... I don't...
Yuuji: ...I see.
Yuuji: In that case, why don't I help you keep quiet?
Narration: *I lower myself toward Michiru's bright-red face and seal her lips mid-moan.*
Michiru: Mmmn! Mnff... haah, mm... naah... ah, aaah...
Narration: *Kissing the girl whenever she seems about to squeal, I muffle her voice to keep the others from hearing.*
Narration: *But of course, the sound reaches me clearly enough. From those heated pants alone, I can tell Michiru's getting turned on.*
Michiru: Ah, hah... ahn, nn... havi'g my nipples rubbed while kissing... feelsh kinda good...
Yuuji: Want to feel even better?
Michiru: Mm, mmm...
Yuuji: I'm asking you a question. Respond.
Michiru: Nn, yeah... I do...
Yuuji: That so? Understood.
Narration: *Accepting Michiru's answer, I squash her hard nipples flat under my fingers.*
Michiru: Hyaaaaannn! Nn, fwah... ah, nnnh... Yuuujii...
Michiru: Nn, haah... nhaaahn... my nipples are all hot... nnh, ah... It feels like they're getting... more and more sensitive...
Yuuji: I'll muffle your voice, so feel free to enjoy yourself.
Michiru: Mm...
Michiru: Fwaaahn, mnm... nhaah, nnf... ah, ahh... mmm, mm...
Narration: *Every time I rub her nipples, Michiru trembles violently.*
Narration: *A sweet smell begins to rise from her increasingly warm body.*
Michiru: Ah, hah... mn, mnfh... aaah, I... can't think straight anymore...
Narration: *Her mind dulled by pleasure, Michiru speaks her thoughts out loud for no apparent reason.*
Narration: *In order to accelerate the deterioration of her rationality, I intensify my attack on her breasts.*
Michiru: Nnah, ah, ah... nnn! Nn, fwaah, nnah... it feels... too good... ah, ahh... I'm gonna melt...
Narration: *Soon enough, Michiru's gasps take on a newly urgent tone.*
Michiru: Haah... nnn, naah, aaah... my body... hah, nn... body's melting... fwaah, nn, ah, aaah... I'm gonna melt...!
Michiru: ～～～～!!
Narration: *Michiru's pleasure apparently reaches something of a climax, judging from the enormous shockwave that runs through her body.*
Michiru: Aaah... hah, aaaaaah...
Narration: *With a long, loud exhalation of breath, the girl grabs my hand as if to steady herself.*
Yuuji: You all right, Michiru?
Michiru: Mm...
Narration: *All Michiru can manage in response is a weak nod of the head. Her brain seems to be even less functional than usual at the moment.*
Narration: *As I lean down to kiss her yet again, I notice that I've developed a large bulge in the crotch of my pants. No doubt the result of this entertaining little show.*
Yuuji: ...Michiru. Just to double-check, this wasn't what you meant by "all the way," right?
Michiru: Huh...?
Michiru: Ah... yeah. We haven't gone all the way yet. I-I mean, isn't that obvious?
Yuuji: All right then. What position should we go with?
Michiru: Position!? U-Uhm... I dunno, so... a normal one, I guess...
Yuuji: Missionary-style, in other words?
Michiru: Missionary...? Uh, yeah, that works.
Narration: *Michiru answers tentatively, her eyes averted in embarrassment.*
Narration: *A momentary doubt flashes across my mind. Is it really all right for me to take this any further under these circumstances?*
Narration: *Still... at this point, I doubt Michiru would accept me backing out even if I wanted to.*
Yuuji: Okay then. Lie yourself down on the bed.
Michiru: Y-Yeah, got it...
Narration: *Her face full of tension, Michiru nods and totters a few steps away from me.*
Narration: *She settles herself face-up on the bed, then slowly bends her legs upward.*
Yuuji: ...You're pretty damn wet, aren't you?
Narration: *There's a prominent dark line of moisture staining Michiru's underwear.*
Michiru: R-Really? I dunno... Are you just teasing me again? T-This much is perfectly normal, right?
Yuuji: If you say so. Guess that means getting off from a little nipple-teasing must be "normal" as well.
Michiru: Guh! Ye... Yeah. I think so, probably... But can we not talk about this...?
Narration: *Swallowing down the numerous retorts that come to mind, I move the conversation along.*
Yuuji: Since you're this wet already, I suppose it won't be a problem if I just put it in.
Michiru: Huh? A-Already? I mean, sure, I guess...
Narration: *The prospect of insertion seems to unnerve Michiru slightly. Her face visibly stiffens.*
Narration: *I slowly remove her wet panties, carefully observing her expression.*
Narration: *That accomplished, I lower my pants and liberate my fully erect penis.*
Michiru: Ngh... this huge thing's going inside me...?
Yuuji: ...You scared?
Michiru: O-Of course not! It's here, right? You can put it in...
Narration: *Michiru reaches down and timidly spreads open her own vagina.*
Michiru: H-Hey... hurry up already...
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *I rub the tip of my penis against Michiru's entrance numerous times, giving the girl time to brace herself.*
Michiru: So... hot...
Narration: *And then―*
Michiru: Nn... guh!
Narration: *I feel the head of my penis tear through "something," and Michiru grimaces in obvious pain.*
Yuuji: You all right, Michiru?
Michiru: Nnn, yeah. I-I'm fine!
Narration: *This somewhat less than convincing claim is delivered with tears in the corners of her eyes.*
Narration: *I glance down at the place where the two of us are connected to find a single strand of red trickling down to the sheets below.*
Narration: *Trying to keep my waist as steady as possible, I lean my upper body down toward Michiru.*
Yuuji: Michiru, we're going to kiss now.
Michiru: Huh...?
Yuuji: We just "became one," as they say. Bit of a special occasion and all. This is the point where a couple would kiss.
Michiru: Ah...
Michiru: W-Well, if you insist, I guess I can permit it...
Yuuji: If that's your attitude, you get nothing.
Michiru: Ah... uhm, I want to... I want to kiss, Yuuji...
Yuuji: All right, good girl.
Michiru: Ah... nn, nmf... *Smack*
Narration: *I kiss her lightly several times, then slowly pull my face back.*
Narration: *Michiru stares up at me with moistened eyes, then lifts her head up to follow.*
Michiru: Me too... mmm, *Smack*... *Kiss*...
Narration: *Maybe she's calmed down a little. Her vagina isn't clamping down on me quite so harshly as it was before.*
Narration: *The walls of flesh around the head of my penis have begun to warm up, and I can feel lubricating fluid beginning to flow from deep inside her.*
Narration: *At this point, it'd probably be all right for me to start moving a little.*
Yuuji: Michiru, can I get started?
Michiru: Mm...
Narration: *Kissing her once more after she nods, I slowly begin to advance my hips.*
Michiru: Nnn... ah, haah... nn, mnnn...
Narration: *Feeling the walls of her vagina cling strongly to my penis, I push my way forward at a deliberately sluggish pace.*
Narration: *And before I reach all the way inside, I pull my way back to the entrance.*
Michiru: Kuh, mmfh... nnn, it's like... you're dragging out my insides...
Yuuji: Does it hurt, Michiru?
Michiru: Mmm... you're doing it gently, so... mn... I'm okay...
Yuuji: I see.
Narration: *Keeping a careful eye on Michiru's reactions, I once again aim for her depths.*
Michiru: Ah, unfh... nn, you're coming in again...
Narration: *The soft folds of Michiru's vagina tremble against me, noticeably hotter than before.*
Narration: *She's growing increasingly well-lubricated as well, but I don't pick up the pace just yet.*
Narration: *I repeat numerous slow, shallow thrusts and retreats, trying to help Michiru grow accustomed to my penis.*
Michiru: Hah, nn... nnn... you're going... deep inside...
Narration: *As I gradually begin to push a little further back, Michiru's previously stiff expression begins to soften somewhat.*
Narration: *And finally, my penis arrives at the deepest part of her.*
Michiru: Fwaah... t-that just now... Was that your...?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right.
Narration: *I lightly thrust my waist forward, bumping the head of my penis against Michiru's uterus.*
Michiru: This is Yuuji's penis...
Michiru: It's incredibly hot...
Narration: *Patting her abdomen, Michiru mumbles to herself in an affectionate tone of voice.*
Narration: *At the same time, her vagina stirs around me; folds of warm flesh adhere to my penis.*
Narration: *Judging from this, I think it's safe to start moving in earnest now. I draw a deep breath and tighten my abdominal muscles...*
Amane: Michiru, are you okay in there? We kind of heard you moaning or something...
Michiru: !?
Narration: *Michiru's face stiffens in shock at the sudden knock on the door. Her vagina squeezes down on me like a vise.*
Yuuji: Don't worry, Michiru's doing fine.
Amane: Yuuji? You're still with her, huh? How is she?
Yuuji: Just dozed off a minute ago. You're probably hearing her babbling in her sleep.
Amane: Oh, okay. So she's gonna be all right, then?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Amane: In that case, I'll go let everyone know Michiru's okay.
Yuuji: Understood. I'm going to stay at her side a little longer.
Amane: Right. Look after Michiru for us, okay?
Yuuji: ...She seems to have gone.
Michiru: Puhaaah... haah, haaah, t-that was a shock. I thought I was gonna pee myself...
Narration: *Seems as though the girl was holding her breath for that whole conversation. No wonder things were so tight.*
Yuuji: All right then, let's take this from the top.
Michiru: From the top? What are you... nnnfh!
Narration: *Before Michiru can finish her sentence, I lean down and snatch a kiss.*
Michiru: Nnn... *Smack* *Kiss*... nnf... *Kiss*...
Narration: *As our lips move against each other, the intense pressure on my penis begins to let up a little.*
Narration: *Soon enough, the girl's eyes are misty with emotion. Seems like we're ready to get started... Didn't take nearly as long as I'd expected.*
Narration: *Perhaps Michiru enjoys kissing in particular? Filing this away for future reference, I release her lips.*
Yuuji: All right... I'm going to start moving.
Michiru: Mm...
Narration: *The girl nods shamefully, prompting a hot surge of something like affection inside me. I immediately begin to move my waist.*
Michiru: Fwaah... ah, hah... ah...
Narration: *Every time Michiru moans, her skin seems to grow a shade redder.*
Narration: *Observing her reactions from above, I move back and forth at a steady pace.*
Michiru: Nn, ah, ah... Yuuji's... nhaah... going in and out of me...
Yuuji: I've barely even started moving, but you sure seem to be enjoying yourself.
Michiru: Guh!? T-That's not... ahn! Nn, nn... not true...
Yuuji: That a fact? Guess I'll have to try harder to get you feeling good.
Narration: *Michiru's words present a convenient opportunity. I abruptly speed up my thrusts, looking to make up for lost time.*
Michiru: Fwaaah! Ah, ah, haaahn... no! You're moving so fast all of a... ahn!
Narration: *The regular slapping of my waist against Michiru resounds through the small room, overlapping with her heated moans and the obscene wet noises produced by my thrusts.*
Michiru: Nhaaah, ah, aah... Yuuji... you keep hitting the back...!
Yuuji: You're really clamping down, Michiru...
Michiru: Nnnn... it's not like I'm... fwah, ah... nn, doing it on purpose...
Michiru: Hah, nn... you keep poking up against the back, so... aah, ah... it got like that all on its own...
Yuuji: You say some pretty cute things sometimes.
Michiru: C-Cute!? Fwah...! Ah, aahn! No! You're doing it so hard... ahhhn!
Michiru: Ah, ah, aaahn... it's... nhah, rumbling all the way inside me... fwah, aah, my vagina's... getting all hot...
Yuuji: You're really gushing in there, aren't you? I can tell.
Michiru: Gah... aah, every time you move, nhaah, ah, these naughty sounds keep... fwah, ahn!
Yuuji: Quite the flood down here. Almost looks like you pissed the bed.
Michiru: Nweh... nooooo...
Narration: *As she looks down and notices just how soaking wet the sheets underneath her have become, Michiru wails weakly in shame.*
Narration: *In the same instant, she clamps down tightly on my penis.*
Narration: *The intense pressure makes my waist tremble with pleasure, but I tough it out with an effort of will and continue to stir up Michiru's insides.*
Michiru: Fwah, aah! Aah! Ah! N-Not again... so fast! Ah, ah!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Michiru: Hah, ah, nhaah! Aah! Don't stab the back so much! It's getting all... tingly!
Narration: *In response to Michiru's plea, I deliberately focus on attacking the mouth of her uterus.*
Michiru: Hyaaan! No! I just said not to... ahn! Fwah, ah, aah!
Michiru: Nn, haah, aaah! N-No, not agai... nn! Ah, Aah, it feels... like I'm going to melt!
Yuuji: !
Narration: *Michiru's moans are oddly enticing. All of a sudden, I feel the need to ejaculate rising inside me.*
Narration: *Picking up the intensity still further, I enter the final sprint.*
Michiru: Aaaah! Nhaah, ah! M-My mind's going blank! Hyaah, aah, everything's... pure white!
Yuuji: Good. Keep it up.
Michiru: Fwaah, ah, aaah, my mind's pure white, ahn! I-I'm gonna... I'm coming!
Yuuji: Me too...!
Michiru: Yuuji... aah, aaahn, hah... Yuujiiii... aaaaah.
Michiru: Nhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *In the instant I reach my climax, maybe half a second after Michiru, I pull out of her tightly contracting vagina.*
Narration: *The moment I slip free, a cloudy blast of liquid spurts out onto her body.*
Michiru: Nhaah... ah, haah... nnn...
Narration: *Her entire body apparently sensitive from the orgasm, Michiru trembles slightly every time my semen lands on her skin.*
Michiru: Hah, haa... haa, haa...
Narration: *Repeatedly drawing short, rough breaths, Michiru stares at the sperm raining down on her with dopey, unfocused eyes.*
Narration: *That euphoric expression is alluring to a degree I never would have thought possible from this girl.*
Michiru: This is... Yuuji's semen...
Narration: *Gingerly touching the sticky liquid with her fingertips, Michiru states the obvious to no one in particular.*
Michiru: This incredibly hot stuff... came out of Yuuji...? Ah...
Michiru: It's still big...
Michiru: ......
Narration: *Michiru stares fixedly at my penis, her moistened eyes quavering slightly.*
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji... I wanna do it... one more time...
Yuuji: ...What, one round wasn't enough for you?
Michiru: N-No, no! That's not what I meant... Uhm, well...
Michiru: Right! We got interrupted halfway through, you know? It felt a little incomplete...
Michiru: So... it feels like we didn't really go "all the way" yet...
Narration: *There's a slightly lonely expression on Michiru's face as she speaks.*
Narration: *Sounds to me like the girl simply doesn't want our time together to end just yet.*
Yuuji: All right.
Yuuji: In that case... point your butt over here.
Michiru: My butt? O-Okay...
Narration: *Michiru rolls over slowly and rises to her knees, obediently presenting me her rear end.*
Michiru: L-Like this...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *I've got an excellent view of Michiru's vagina, currently twitching with expectation, and her tightly puckered asshole.*
Narration: *This charming little scene is further accentuated by the vaguely uneasy looks the girl keeps shooting me over her shoulder. Sadistic urges boil up inside me.*
Narration: *I take hold of my still-erect penis and press it up against Michiru's labia.*
Michiru: Mm...
Yuuji: ...Since you want to do it properly this time, maybe we should start over from step one?
Michiru: Huh...?
Yuuji: Or would you rather just do it like this?
Michiru: Mm, ah...
Narration: *As I trace the head of my penis teasingly along her vaginal opening, little sighs spill uncontrollably out of Michiru's mouth.*
Michiru: L-Like this...
Yuuji: Like this? So you're okay with just the rubbing?
Michiru: O-Of course not, idiot...
Yuuji: Then clarify. What exactly do you want me to do?
Michiru: Uu, uuu...
Narration: *Clearly embarrassed to put it in words, Michiru hesitates for a long moment.*
Narration: *In comparison, her body's extremely honest about its desires; lubricating fluid spills out of her vagina like drool from the mouth of a hungry dog.*
Michiru: I want you... to put it in...
Narration: *As soon as the words leave Michiru's mouth, I plunge all the way inside her.*
Michiru: Naaaaaaaaaah!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *Her vagina instantly clamps down on me, far tighter than it was in the first round. I can't help but grunt.*
Michiru: My insides... are full of Yuuji...
Narration: *Every time Michiru speaks, the folds of flesh clinging to my penis stir slightly.*
Narration: *The light, teasing stimulation leaves me impatient to begin. Waiting for Michiru to get used to this position would be unbearably frustrating.*
Yuuji: Michiru, I'm going to move.
Michiru: Wha... alr... nn! Mmnnnh...
Narration: *I slowly pull back my waist, but Michiru sways her butt backward to follow.*
Narration: *This is no good. Barely even feels like I'm moving.*
Narration: *Firmly seizing Michiru's small bottom, I hold her immobile as I drag my penis backward.*
Michiru: Nn... aaah... Yuuji's... p-pulling my insides out...
Narration: *Every time my penis retreats from Michiru's depths, she squeezes strongly down on me in an attempt to prevent my escape.*
Narration: *And when I reverse course and move deeper, her vagina instantly lessens its pressure, urging me to hurry back inside.*
Michiru: Ah, aah... Yuuji's... rubbing my insides again... so much...
Yuuji: You seem to like it really deep, Michiru.
Michiru: Guh! Nnf... don't be a jerk... I-I didn't say that...
Yuuji: But when I try to back out... mm, you keep clamping down on me.
Michiru: I'm not doing... nnn... anything like that...
Yuuji: Then maybe you just like getting fucked from behind? Your insides are twitching even more than last time.
Michiru: ～～! I can't tell! This is my first time, you jerk... How the heck am I supposed to know?
Yuuji: In that case, I'll have to help you figure it out.
Narration: *Maintaining my firm grip on Michiru's butt, I smack my waist up against her with all my might.*
Michiru: Hyaan!!!
Narration: *As I push forcefully up against the mouth of her womb, Michiru lets out a shrill shriek.*
Narration: *Resisting the increasing pressure of the girl's vagina, I persistently attack the very deepest part of her.*
Michiru: Nhaaah! Ah, hah, ahn! Noo! What... is this?
Michiru: Amn, nn, aaah! The way you're rubbing me... is completely different from before, hyaaaah! You're so deep inside me...!
Yuuji: Sounds like you've figured out which position you like better, hm?
Michiru: Haaah, nn, aah, aah! I don't, I don't know!
Yuuji: But you just said this is "completely different."
Michiru: Nnn! I mean, you're rubbing me differently... ahn! T-That's all...
Michiru: Fwaah, aah! I don't know... which is better... nnhaaah... I mean... they, they both feel so good!
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *This unexpectedly cute reply lights a fuse inside my head.*
Narration: *Hot blood pounding in my ears, I glance down at where we're connected; just like before, a stream of lubricating fluid is spilling out of Michiru, thoroughly soaking her thighs.*
Yuuji: ...Michiru, I'm going to do it hard.
Michiru: Nnn, ah... you're going fast again...? Hyaau! Ah, aaaaaah!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *As I slap my waist against her with redoubled intensity, Michiru's hot, wet vagina grows even tighter around me.*
Narration: *Even so, I only pick up the pace, heaving myself against her again and again.*
Michiru: Hyaah! Ah, aaah! No, I'm... I'm gonna come again!
Yuuji: That didn't take long...
Michiru: Hah, aah... it's because you're doing it so hard, nhaah, ah, ah! It's not like I'm a... naughty girl, or anything... aaaah!
Yuuji: ...In that case, want to stop here?
Michiru: Nh! Fwah, aah, no, don't stop! Please, haah, nn, I wanna come like this! I wanna come with you, Yuuji... Please!
Yuuji: Sounds like a plan. Let's do this together... ngh!
Michiru: Nhaaaaah! Aaah, haaah, aaaaah, I'm gonna come! I'm gonna come! Aaaaaaah!
Yuuji: Getting there myself...
Michiru: Ah, ah, aaah! Please, Yuuji! Come inside! Inside me!
Michiru: Nn, aaah! I want to feel you in me till the very end!
Yuuji: Got it...
Michiru: Fwaah, aaaah! Ah! Ah! I'm... coming! I'm comingggg!!!!
Yuuji: Guh!
Narration: *As my pleasure reaches its explosive climax, I shove my penis all the way inside Michiru.*
Michiru: Nhaaaah! Aah! Fwaaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *With every surge of semen that strikes her uterus, Michiru moans ecstatically, her body quivering against me.*
Narration: *The bliss of my ejaculation is intensified by the pressure of her vagina, impatiently wringing the come out of me. My body shivers from the doubled pleasure.*
Michiru: So... much... nnn! I'm full of... Yuuji's semen...
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *As my ejaculation eases to an end at last, I feel the tension draining from my body.*
Michiru: Nn, ah... it's... spilling out...
Narration: *Watching my semen trickling down her thighs, Michiru babbles vaguely to herself.*
Yuuji: Well then...
Michiru: Ah, wait.
Narration: *When I try to pull myself out of Michiru, she immediately stops me.*
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Michiru: I wanna be like this... just a little longer...
Yuuji: ...All right.
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji. I'm really happy right now...
Yuuji: That a fact? Good for you.
Michiru: Geez... you sure make it sound like it's got nothing to do with you... Don't you think... it'd be nice if we could stay like this forever...?
Narration: *And for some time after, we lie together, still connected.*

Narration: *It's not the time for a leisurely soak. I opt for a quick shower.*
Narration: *But just as I'm finishing up, Michiru comes in as well.*
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: Hello there. Felt like taking a bath in your clothes? Or maybe you forgot something?
Michiru: N-Nope... that's not it... I, well...
Michiru: I was really happy to see you again, so...
Yuuji: I understand that, but couldn't you wait five minutes for me to come out of the shower?
Michiru: Uhm... I wanted to show my gratitude and stuff too, so I thought maybe I could wash your back...
Yuuji: ...You're a real handful. All right, if you're doing this, do it quickly.
Michiru: Yeah.
Narration: *Michiru rubs a bar of soap against a washcloth, slowly and carefully working up a nice lather.*
Michiru: Pardon me!
Narration: *The girl proceeds to wash every nook and cranny of my back. Nice gesture, but after five straight minutes of scrubbing it starts to feel like she's overdoing it a little.*
Yuuji: All right, that's good enough.
Michiru: Scrub scrub... scrub scrub.
Yuuji: I told you that's good enough. Cut it out already.
Michiru: ...Don't wanna. I don't wanna let you go.
Narration: *Finally abandoning her washcloth, Michiru leans against my back and wraps her arms around me.*
Yuuji: Must have been pretty lonely down there.
Michiru: Yeah.
Yuuji: I'm not going anywhere, Michiru.
Michiru: I know... I know, but... Could you kiss me? For real, not pretend.
Narration: *I turn around, take Michiru by the wrist, and draw her to me.*
Michiru: Yuuji... please.
Narration: *Instead of answering, I press my lips to hers.*
Michiru: Mmm... ah, mmf... mm... *Smack*...
Yuuji: Michiru...
Michiru: Fwah... Yuujiii... *Kiss*... *Smack*...
Narration: *Every time Michiru's lips move against mine, I can feel my body grow a little hotter.*
Narration: *Something similar may be happening to Michiru, judging from the blush that spreads from her face to her ears, then all the way down to her neck.*
Michiru: Mmm... Yuuji... thanks, that's enough... No more...
Yuuji: ...That so? Thought you didn't want to let me go?
Michiru: Well, yeah... but if you do any more... I'm gonna get in a weird mood...
Yuuji: Sounds good to me. We're a couple, aren't we? What's the problem?
Michiru: W-We're... a couple? But you didn't really give me an answer yet...
Yuuji: ...Are you serious? Doesn't that go without saying at this point?
Michiru: Mm, really...? I couldn't tell...
Narration: *As an abrupt surge of affection warms my chest, I once again bring my face to Michiru's.*
Michiru: Mmm... *Smack*...
Yuuji: Michiru...
Michiru: Mm... I wanna... feel good together...
Narration: *I ease myself onto the floor. A moment later, Michiru's straddling me on her hands and knees.*
Narration: *The classic sixty-nine position, is it...?*
Narration: *Before things progress any further, I reach out and give the nearest faucet a good twist.*
Michiru: Kyaa! W-What the?
Yuuji: We don't need another interruption like last time. Now you can be as loud as you want.
Michiru: T-That won't happen again... probably... Well, maybe it will, but...
Narration: *As I watch Michiru squirm in embarrassment, my self-control gives way.*
Narration: *Seizing the initiative, I reach up and touch her underwear.*
Michiru: Nn, ah...
Narration: *The wet strip of cloth clings tightly to her body, clearly revealing the contours of her vagina. I gently run my fingers along her outer lips.*
Michiru: Fwah... ah, aah... m-me too...
Narration: *The girl reaches down and wraps her hands around my penis, already curving firmly upward.*
Michiru: So this is Yuuji's penis...
Yuuji: ...You've seen it before, haven't you?
Michiru: W-Well, yeah... but this is the first time I've touched it, okay?
Narration: *Clearly very interested, Michiru timidly draws her face close.*
Michiru: Now that I get a good look at it... mmnh, it's kinda amazing...
Michiru: Hard to believe something this big was inside me...
Yuuji: Yeah. Slipped right in here.
Michiru: Nhaah... aahn, nn...
Narration: *I run my fingers along Michiru's vagina once again, eliciting some soft sighs and a little trembling.*
Michiru: T-That's not fair... I'm gonna touch you too...
Narration: *Good as her word, Michiru slowly begins to move her hands up and down along my shaft.*
Michiru: Your penis... is really hot...
Yuuji: Ah...
Michiru: Oh... it just twitched a little...
Michiru: Did I hurt you or anything?
Yuuji: No. It twitched because that felt good.
Michiru: O-Oh, really...?
Michiru: I see... That felt good, huh...
Narration: *Michiru mumbles to herself, reflecting on this new information.*
Michiru: O-Okay then... I'll do it more...
Yuuji: Uh... ah...
Narration: *As Michiru resumes stroking my penis, small groans of pleasure again escape my mouth.*
Narration: *The hesitant, cautious movements of her fingers aren't anything special. Normally, this would feel irritatingly inadequate.*
Narration: *But right now... when Michiru's touching me, the pleasure's strong enough to make me moan.*
Michiru: Yuuji... does it feel good...?
Yuuji: Yeah, it does.
Michiru: Ehehe.
Yuuji: ...Guess I'd better return the favor, then.
Narration: *Hooking my fingers under the edge of Michiru's underwear, I yank it sideways, leaving her genitals fully exposed.*
Narration: *Quite an improvement compared to the vague outline I could make out through her panties. Bringing my face close to Michiru's pretty little vagina, I begin to tickle it gently with the tip of my tongue.*
Michiru: Fwah... ah, hahh... nnn...
Yuuji: Seems like you're beginning to enjoy this as well, Michiru.
Michiru: Nn... ah, mmmn... yeah, being licked by you... feels good...
Yuuji: That so? Suppose I'll have to keep at it.
Michiru: Naah... ah, aah, Y-Yuuji, that's not fair... haaa, mnn... I'm gonna lick you too...
Narration: *She said something similar a minute ago... What's supposed to be "unfair" here, exactly? The pride of a bashful young woman is difficult to comprehend.*
Narration: *As I pause to consider the matter, Michiru begins to run her tongue gently over the head of my penis.*
Michiru: *Lick*... *Slurp* *Lick*... mmn... *Lick*...
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Michiru: Ah... your penis twitched again...
Yuuji: Yeah. You're not the only one who enjoys a little oral attention.
Michiru: In that case, I'll keep it up...
Michiru: Mm... *Lick*... *Lick* *Lick*... ah, mmph...
Narration: *Every time Michiru's wet, soft tongue caresses the head of my penis, the lingering heat it leaves behind seems to spread through my entire body.*
Narration: *Even as I'm enveloped in that warm, comfortable cocoon of pleasure, I continue to move my own tongue against her vagina.*
Michiru: Nh, ah... *Lick*... *Smack*... mm... this is a little weird...
Yuuji: How so?
Michiru: Your penis is really big, but... when I lick the top and it goes "twitch," it looks sorta cute, you know...?
Yuuji: You probably intended that as a compliment, but as a man I've got kind of mixed feelings...
Michiru: ...Really? But I love your penis, Yuuji.
Yuuji: ...
Narration: *Michiru's earnest babble sends a shiver down my spine.*
Narration: *Her words seize hold of my heart, and my body reacts accordingly.*
Michiru: Ah... something came out...
Michiru: Mm... *Smack*...
Yuuji: !?
Michiru: This is that... "precum" stuff, right? I heard it comes out when guys feel really horny...
Yuuji: Y-Yeah...
Michiru: Hmm. So this is what it tastes like... nngh... *Smack*...
Yuuji: Gh... Michiru, you don't have to do that.
Michiru: Why not?
Yuuji: What do you mean, why...? It's not exactly tasty, I'd imagine...
Michiru: It's a little bitter, but it's not really that bad... and...
Michiru: This came from you, Yuuji. I want more...
Yuuji: Guh!
Michiru: Nn... *Slurp*... *Slurp*... *Lick*... mmmm...
Narration: *Not good. I've been thrown completely off rhythm by the girl's shift to full-blown "dere" mode.*
Narration: *At this rate, I'll end up getting unilaterally brought to climax.*
Narration: *That's the one thing I want to avoid at all costs. Men have their particular varieties of pride as well.*
Narration: *I quickly spread open Michiru's labia and begin licking her vaginal opening directly.*
Michiru: Nhaah, ah... hah, nnn...
Yuuji: Your vagina seems to be twitching, my friend. Is she enjoying this?
Michiru: Gh, h-how... nn... am I supposed to know... fwah...
Yuuji: But you're feeling good, right? Your voice is shaking.
Michiru: Hmph... nnn... *Lick* *Lick*... *Smack*... nn... *Slurp*...
Narration: *In what seems like an attempt to disguise her embarrassment, Michiru laps at the head of my penis with increased vigor.*
Narration: *I lick her right back, feeling hot vaginal juices on my tongue.*
Michiru: Hah, fwah... mm... *Smack*... Yuuji... nnn, nnnh... the taste's getting stronger...
Yuuji: Well, we've got a bit of a flood down here as well.
Michiru: Naaah, aaah... I c-can't help it... When you lick me... nn... it feels too good...
Yuuji: We're just getting started...
Michiru: Fwaaah... ah, nn... Yuujiii... mmmf... I'll make you feel really good too...
Narration: *Apparently deciding to escalate matters further, Michiru opens her mouth wide and takes my penis deep inside.*
Michiru: Nnn, mm... it really ish big... My mouth'sh hull of penish...
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *As Michiru tries to speak, her tongue rubs unpredictably against the head of my cock.*
Narration: *The pleasure catches me off guard. My waist trembles, and I can't keep myself from grunting.*
Michiru: I 'unno if I can do thish too well... 'ut I'll try my besht...
Michiru: Nnn... *Slurp*... *Smck*... *Slllrp*... amnh...
Narration: *Michiru slowly begins to move her head up and down, tentatively experimenting.*
Narration: *Her lips slide along the length of my penis, her tongue teasingly tickling the head. Every movement sends surges of pleasure shooting through my body.*
Michiru: *Slurp*... nn... Yuuji... is this about right...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Michiru: Really...? You can tell me if there's something else you want me to do.
Yuuji: Let's see... It really does feel good like this, but it'd be even better if you sucked a little harder when you're pulling back.
Michiru: 'Kay... I'll give it try.
Michiru: *Suck* *Slurp*... nnn, *Slllrp*... aamn... *Slrk* *Smack*...
Yuuji: Gh!
Michiru: *Slck* *Slrp*... like this...?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's the way.
Michiru: Ehehe... nn... *Smack*... *Slurp* *Slurppp*... aamnn...
Narration: *Michiru's more aggressive pattern of attack dramatically intensifies the effect of every stroke.*
Narration: *This is starting to get dangerous... I've got to watch myself.*
Narration: *Deciding to change things up a little, I press my lips right up against the mouth of the girl's vagina and begin to suck out the lubricant inside her.*
Michiru: Nhaah... ha, fwa... nnn... *Slurp*... *Smack*... mmnf...
Narration: *Michiru's assault falters for a moment, but before long she's resumed her blowjob.*
Michiru: *Smack* *Slrslrp...* Fwaah, nn... *Slurp* *Slurp*... mmnf... *Smack*... ah...
Michiru: Your taste's getting stronger again... nn... haah...
Yuuji: Ugh!
Narration: *In only a few minutes, Michiru's gotten a lot more confident. She dexterously teases my urethral opening.*
Narration: *The hot tip of her tongue slips over the head of my penis again and again, not missing a single drop of fluid.*
Michiru: Nnnh... gimme more...
Yuuji: More...?
Michiru: I want my mouth... full of your flavor...
Narration: *Before I have time to process this interesting remark, Michiru begins moving her head again, simultaneously stroking the root of my penis with her hand.*
Michiru: *Slrp*... mmfn... *Smack* *Slurp*... *Slrp*... mmmn... *Shlrp* *Slrp*...
Yuuji: ...
Narration: *Michiru retreats slightly to a more shallow position on my cock, shifting to compact, faster movements of her head.*
Narration: *Her lips move back and forth right over the sensitive neck of my penis, continually providing indescribable pleasure.*
Michiru: Amnfh... *Slrp* *Smck*... *Slslrp*... mmh... *Smack*... mmmn...
Yuuji: Gh, ngh...
Michiru: Mmm... *Smack*... look how much came out... nn... *Sllrppp*...
Narration: *Stopping the movement of her head temporarily, Michiru sucks up powerfully as if trying to coax out more liquid.*
Narration: *At this rate, she's going to get her wish.*
Narration: *It's a little risky to try this with my dick in her mouth, but... the girl leaves me with no alternative.*
Narration: *I reach up and give Michiru's erect, plump little clitoris a firm pinch.*
Michiru: Hyaaah! Fwaaah, aah... No, Yuuji, not thereeee...
Yuuji: I won't take no for an answer. We agreed to feel good together, right?
Michiru: Nhaaah, ah, aaaah... b-but Yuuji, I can't make you feel good when you're doing that...
Yuuji: ...Not a problem. Feel free to come before me.
Michiru: Nn, nnhh... no way... Don't wanna...
Michiru: Aamn... nn, mmaaah... *Slrrp*... nnn... *Smack* *Suck*...
Narration: *Her body shaking with pleasure, Michiru obstinately counterattacks, stroking my glans with her mouth and my shaft with her hand.*
Yuuji: Ngh...
Michiru: Fwaah, nn... hah, nnn... *Slurp*... *Smack* *Slrp*... mmph... haah, nn, nngh...
Yuuji: So that's how you want to play it, eh...
Michiru: Hyaaah, aah... Yuujiii... my clitoris is really sensitive, okay... ah, aah... Be a little more gentle...
Yuuji: Fine, fine. If you insist.
Narration: *In response to Michiru's appeal, I shift my attack on her clit from finger to tongue.*
Michiru: Haah, ah, aaaah... nn, we're licking each other... like kitties...
Yuuji: ...More or less, I suppose.
Michiru: Ehehe, that kinda makes me happy...
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji... let's lick each other more...
Yuuji: Sure, works for me.
Narration: *Even as I'm nodding my consent, I run my tongue over her clitoris. Seizing the initiative is crucial at times like these.*
Michiru: Fwaahn... ammn, nnn... me too...
Michiru: Nn... *Slurp* *Smack*... nmmm... *Smack* *Slrp* *Slrrrrp*...
Narration: *Michiru quickly resumes her fellatio, and the two of us set about pleasuring each other.*
Michiru: Fwa, nnmh... *Slrp* *Shlrrrp* *Smaaack*... nnn, the way you're rubbing my clitoris with your tongue... nhaaah, feels really good...
Yuuji: Kh... your mouth feels damn good too, Michiru... and your hand...
Michiru: Hhhaaahn, nn... really...? Then I'll make you feel even better... Enjoy it even more, Yuuji...
Yuuji: You first...
Michiru: Nn, fwa, aah... *Slurp* *Smack* *Shlllrp*... *Smack* *Smack*... nnn, mnnnnfhhh...
Narration: *My cunnilingus and Michiru's fellatio grow more intense as we urge each other toward climax.*
Narration: *No longer exchanging words, we devote all our attention to delivering still greater pleasure.*
Michiru: *Slurp*... *Smack* *Shllrp*... mnnhh... mnn, haaah... *Smack*... mmmph...
Yuuji: Ah... guh...
Narration: *Before long, the pleasure swelling inside me is ready to burst. The world begins to flicker before my eyes.*
Narration: *The bliss brought to me by every movement of Michiru's mouth begins to concentrate in a single point.*
Narration: *Mustering my last ounce of willpower, I resume tormenting her clitoris with my finger.*
Michiru: Hyaaaa!? Nhaah, aaaah, don't! Please... I said not to use your finger... nhaaaaaah!
Michiru: Ah, aaaah, just getting licked felt really good, but... fwah! If you do that with your finger, I'm gonna...!
Narration: *Fortunately, Michiru seems near to orgasm as well, judging from the desperate tone of her voice.*
Michiru: Nhaah, ah, ah, no, noo, not just me! I wanna come with you, Yuuji!
Michiru: Yuuji... Yuujiii...
Narration: *Even as she moans my name, Michiru doesn't pause the vigorous movement of her hand.*
Narration: *In that instant, I'm finally carried past the point of no return―*
Yuuji: I'm coming...!
Michiru: Nhaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *Just as the first blast of semen surges out of me, a clear, sweet liquid gushes from Michiru's vagina.*
Narration: *Our bodies quivering with ecstasy, we dirty each other's faces with our ejaculate.*
Michiru: Fwaah, aaah... hahnn... ah, aaaaah...
Narration: *Heaving a long sigh, Michiru collapses limply on top of me.*
Narration: *Even so, the aftershocks of her orgasm don't seem to have died down yet. Her body and vaginal opening continue to twitch spasmodically.*
Yuuji: You all right, Michiru?
Michiru: My head's all fuzzy... My body doesn't wanna move...
Yuuji: You enjoy yourself that much?
Michiru: Yeah... it felt really good... because it was you doing it...
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *I'm happy to hear her say that, but honestly a little unsure how to reply. This girl's definitely a little harder to deal with when she's being honest.*
Michiru: ...Looks like you still have some energy left, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Hmm...? Well, a little more than you, I suppose.
Michiru: Hold on a sec, I'll take care of the cleanup...
Yuuji: ...Cleanup?
Narration: *Where's this coming from all of a sudden?*
Narration: *As I'm pondering the matter, Michiru sluggishly picks herself up to her hands and knees.*
Narration: *With obvious effort, the girl manages to move her body off me, rotating ninety degrees while keeping her head where it is.*
Narration: *And once she's settled herself on the bathroom floor, she once again brings her face up to my cock.*
Yuuji: So this "cleanup" you were talking about...
Michiru: Yeah... gonna clean your penis...
Narration: *I'm guessing one of the other girls put this idea in her head. Either that or she's been reading too many of those dirty comic books.*
Narration: *It's tempting to explain that this isn't actually a standard part of sexual etiquette... but to be honest, the idea's pretty appealing.*
Narration: *Think I'll just take advantage of the girl's considerate offer.*
Yuuji: ...So why'd you change position? Could have done this as you were, I think.
Michiru: W-Well, yeah, maybe... but if I kept lying on top of you, maybe you'd think I was heavy or something... It's a matter of female pride, y'know...?
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *Actually, I don't have the slightest clue what she's talking about, but pretending otherwise seems the wisest option here.*
Michiru: Uuugh... it was embarrassing like that, so I thought changing positions would help, but...
Narration: *Probably better not to remind her that she was actually pretty damn proactive in the sixty-nine. See? I'm learning.*
Yuuji: ...Well, we can call off the "cleanup" if you want.
Narration: *It'd be a little frustrating to stop now, but I don't want to make Michiru do anything she wouldn't enjoy.*
Narration: *But somewhat surprisingly―*
Michiru: ...Don't wanna.
Narration: *Michiru instantly rejects my proposal.*
Yuuji: ...All right. Just start when you feel ready, then.
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Narration: *The girl nods slightly and averts her eyes from mine.*
Narration: *After drawing a few deep breaths, she reaches out and grasps my erect penis.*
Michiru: ...R-Right... I'm gonna start now, okay?
Yuuji: Go for it.
Narration: *After obtaining my agreement, Michiru brings her face forward―*
Michiru: *Lick*...
Narration: *Then laps up a bit of semen from my penis and carries it to her mouth.*
Michiru: Mm... it's a little bitter, isn't it...
Narration: *Regardless of the taste, Michiru launches a diligent "cleanup" operation.*
Michiru: *Lick*... *Lick*... nnn... *Smack*...
Narration: *Apparently following the fundamental rule of cleaning, Michiru begins at the top, focusing on the head of my penis.*
Michiru: Gotta get this... bulgy part too... mn... *Slurp*... *Lick* *Shlp*...
Yuuji: Gh.
Michiru: Ahn, don't move around so much... mnn... *Smack*...
Narration: *Easy for her to say. I can't keep my body from reacting when she stimulates such a sensitive spot.*
Michiru: *Smack*... *Lick*... mmn... *Slurp*... mnn, nn...
Yuuji: Guh...
Michiru: Next up... mn... *Lick*...
Narration: *Evidently finished with her work up above, Michiru soon begins to run her tongue down my shaft.*
Narration: *Maybe I let down my guard from relief at the momentary pause, but the new stimulation is unexpectedly strong. It takes a real effort of will to keep myself from jerking up off the floor.*
Michiru: Mmm... there's so much of your come... mmn... *Smack*... *Slurp*... *Lick*... mmfh... mmm...
Michiru: It's really dirty down here, so I gotta do a thorough job... *Slrp* *Lick*... *Smack*...
Narration: *Holding my penis still with her thin fingers, Michiru sucks up semen and polishes off any lingering strands with her tongue. A thorough cleaning indeed.*
Narration: *But if she keeps licking me this persistently, I'm going to get...*
Michiru: Mm... *Smack*... okay, finally...
Narration: *Pulling her lips back from my shaft, Michiru brings her face still lower.*
Michiru: Fwahm...
Yuuji: !?
Michiru: Mmgh... mnn, nnmmh... *Ssslrp*... mmn... *Smack*... *Slurp*...
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *As Michiru rolls my testicles around inside her mouth, my spine jerks ramrod straight.*
Narration: *Not even noticing what's she's doing to me, the girl continues with her oral spit-shine.*
Yuuji: Kh, aah...
Michiru: Npph, mmn... *Smck*... *Slurp* *Slrrrp*... mm, mmngh...
Michiru: There we go... nice and... ah.
Narration: *The instant Michiru draws back and gets a better look at my penis, her words falters to a halt.*
Michiru: Yuuji, your penis... it's all...
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *The girl's over-attentive cleaning has left my cock drooling with greedy anticipation.*
Yuuji: ...Think that's enough of a cleanup. Maybe you could do it with your mouth this time?
Michiru: Mm, yeah... anything you want, Yuuji...
Narration: *Her face may be bright red, but Michiru nods firmly.*
Narration: *She approaches my penis once again, then slowly and carefully takes it inside her mouth.*
Michiru: Nn... *Slurp*... *Smack*... nmm... *Slrp*... *Smack*...
Yuuji: Gh, ah...
Narration: *Just like last time, Michiru repeats shallow, rapid movements.*
Narration: *Her lips slide over the bulge at the neck of my penis and quickly back, forcing grunts of pleasure out of my mouth.*
Michiru: You got all twitchy last time I did this too... Ish thish 'umpy part shenshitive, 'aybe?
Yuuji: Well... yeah. Not insensitive.
Michiru: No kidding... You have your weak points too, huh...?
Michiru: Okay then... I'm gonna make you feel really good right there...
Narration: *On this troublesome note, Michiru once again begins to move her small, warm mouth against me.*
Michiru: *Shhhmack* *Slrp*... mnn... *Slurp*... *Smack*... *Slurp*... mmnmm... *Ssssslrp*...
Yuuji: Mmm...
Michiru: *Slrp*... nn, amazing... *Slslrrrp*... Yuuji, the taste's so strong already...
Michiru: Mmn... *Slrp* *Sllsllrp*... *Smack*... mmnf... *Shllp* *Slp* *Smack*...
Yuuji: !
Narration: *Michiru gradually picks up her pace, and the pleasure grows proportionally.*
Narration: *Even so, I find myself wanting more.*
Michiru: Ngh, ammn... *Slurrrp* *Smack*... ammn... mmmn... *Slurp* *Smack*...
Yuuji: Michiru... the stroking's good, but try licking it too...
Michiru: Mm, hokay...
Michiru: Mm, mmf... *Lick* *Lick* *Lick*... *Slrp* *Lick*... *Lick*... mmnh...
Yuuji: Aah...
Narration: *Michiru obeys instantly. Her wet tongue rubs gently around my urethral opening, then down to the neck of my penis.*
Narration: *The pleasure's incomparable to what her lips alone can provide. Shudders of ecstasy shoot up my spine.*
Michiru: *Slurp*... Yuuji, looks like you're really enjoying this...
Michiru: ...Wonder if this would make it even better?
Yuuji: Huh...?
Michiru: *Shlrp* *Ssslrp* *Sllllrrrp*... nn... *Lick* *Lick* *Lick*... *Smack* *Smack* *Slurp*... *Slllrp*... mmfh... *Lick* *Lick*...
Yuuji: !!
Narration: *Even as she rubs her lips over the neck, Michiru attacks the very tip of my penis with her tongue.*
Narration: *The combination is exponentially more pleasurable than either attack individually. All of a sudden, I'm completely overwhelmed.*
Michiru: Hhmfh... *Lick*... *Slurp* *Smack* *Slrrrp*... nnn... *Lick*... nn... *Slurrrrrrp!*
Yuuji: Kuh! H-Hold on, that's... mmgh!
Michiru: ...You like that? *Slrrrrrrrrrrrrp!*
Yuuji: Gh...
Narration: *Damn. I'd love to have Michiru keep pleasuring me like this until her jaw gives out, but I can already sense my limit drawing near.*
Michiru: *Slslrrp!* Mm, mmgh... *Smack* *Lick* *Lick* *Lick* *Smack* *Slurp!*
Yuuji: M-Michiru...
Michiru: Mmmn, nmmm... *Smack* *Slurp* *Slurp*... mngh, nnf... *Slslrrp!*
Narration: *Although she has to be aware I'm ready to come, for some reason Michiru takes my penis deeper inside her mouth.*
Yuuji: Michiru...
Michiru: *Slllrp*... thish time, I want you to c'me in my mouf... mnn... *Slurp*... Go aheah, c'me!
Yuuji: Ugh... y-yeah...
Narration: *When I manage to grunt out a response, Michiru's fellatio instantly grows even more intense.*
Michiru: *Slrp* *Slurp* *Slurrrp* *Smack!* *Smack*... mmngh... *Slrp* *Slrp* *Slrrrp!*
Yuuji: Kuh! Michiru!
Michiru: Mmnnn!
Narration: *My semen gushes out directly into Michiru's throat. A wrinkle of surprise forms on her forehead, but her grip on my cock doesn't weaken.*
Michiru: Mnn... mnf... mn, nn...
Yuuji: Gh, hnh...
Michiru: Mmm... every lasht... mnn... *Shhhlrppppp!*
Yuuji: !?
Narration: *And just as my long ejaculation finally begins to die down, the girl starts sucking again.*
Narration: *My whole lower body seems to have gone numb; as she slurps down every drop of come, the pleasure leaves me quivering uncontrollably.*
Michiru: Nn... *Slurp*... my mouf'sh full of your c'me...
Narration: *Apparently very pleased with herself, Michiru mumbles the words in a dreamy, ecstatic tone.*
Michiru: Mngh... *Gulp*... *Gulp*...
Yuuji: Hey, don't force yourself.
Michiru: Mm... I'm not forci'g anythi'g...
Michiru: I'm doing this because I want to... so there...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *The words trigger yet another flash of heat somewhere deep inside my head.*
Narration: *Come on, woman. If you keep talking like that, you'll just get me going again...*
Michiru: ...Hey, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Hm? What?
Michiru: Uhm, well... y'know, I... I got kinda horny...
Yuuji: ...And?
Michiru: I want you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: I see.
Michiru: ...Is that a no?
Yuuji: No. I feel the same way.
Michiru: Thank goodness...
Yuuji: How do you want to do this? Missionary position again?
Michiru: No... today, uhm... I'll be on top...
Yuuji: ...You're awfully aggressive today.
Michiru: I-It's not like I'm a dirty girl or anything... uhm, but you just came two times in a row, so...
Narration: *An attempt at being considerate, is it?*
Yuuji: ...All right then. Cowgirl works for me.
Michiru: 'Kay...
Narration: *Michiru picks herself up, reaches under her dress, and pulls down her panties.*
Narration: *For some reason, the girl holds her skirt down to hide her genitals as she straddles over me. Feeling shy again? After all this?*
Narration: *But before long, she lowers her waist slightly, then reaches down and grabs hold of my penis.*
Michiru: Now I just...
Narration: *The girl squirms around over me, tentatively adjusting her position.*
Narration: *As the heat of our bodies finally comes into contact, Michiru looks up at me and speaks.*
Michiru: Okay then... I'm gonna put it in.
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *When I give the go-ahead, Michiru lowers her waist still further.*
Michiru: Nnh, ah... ah, aaaah... your penis's going in...
Yuuji: Mm...
Narration: *The inside of Michiru's vagina is astonishingly wet.*
Narration: *The head of my cock pushes easily through moist folds of flesh, quickly sliding deep inside her.*
Michiru: Fwah... mmmn, it's so deep already...
Yuuji: Michiru, I'm going to m―
Michiru: Ah, wait. I'll do it.
Narration: *Resting a hand on my chest to keep her balance, Michiru slowly begins to shake her hips.*
Michiru: Nnn... aaah... mm, nn... fwah...
Narration: *Probably because it's her first time playing the active role, Michiru's movements are noticeably clumsy.*
Narration: *Even so, the rubbing of her pleated folds of flesh against my shaft is pleasant. Not to mention the way the tip of my cock keeps bumping against the mouth of her uterus.*
Michiru: Ah, ahh... nn, ah... mnn, nnn... t-this is amazing...
Yuuji: ...Oh? How so?
Michiru: Haaah, nnn... your penis keeps... rubbing me all the way in the back...
Michiru: Fwaah, aah... if I move just a little, it feels unbelievably good... aahn!
Narration: *With every moan, the interior of Michiru's vagina pulses hotly against me.*
Narration: *Even more lubricant pours endlessly out of her; the smallest movements send obscene squelching noises reverberating through the air.*
Michiru: Nooo, ah, ah... it sounds so naughty... nhaah, aaah...
Narration: *The effect is to arouse Michiru still further. Her moans grow louder and more heated.*
Michiru: Haah, aah, no... fwaaah, I'm g-going all numb in the back...
Yuuji: You really like it deep, eh?
Michiru: Aahf, nn, ah... ah... y-yeah... I like it... aaah, I like it... when your penis... rubs me, Yuuji...
Michiru: Fwaaah, aaaah, it feels too good... I like it so much... my body won't even move right...
Yuuji: In that case, I suppose I'll have to help out.
Michiru: Fweh...?
Narration: *Clearly not following, Michiru tilts her head to the side in puzzlement.*
Narration: *Before she has time to figure it out, I thrust violently up into her.*
Michiru: Hyaaaaaaaaah!?
Narration: *Her body curving backward like a bow, Michiru's shriek echoes through the spacious bathroom.*
Narration: *I continue moving my waist, knocking my cock against the deepest part of her again and again.*
Michiru: Nhaaah!? Fwah, ah, aaaah! No, Yuuji, stop!
Yuuji: Why would I do a thing like that?
Michiru: C'mon... ahn! You keep hitting the back... hyaaah!? Aaah, if you keep thrusting... so deep... nhaaah, aaah, I'm gonna come right away!
Yuuji: But you like it deep, don't you?
Michiru: Fwaah, aaah, ah! W-Well, yeah, but... hyaan! No, stop, I'm really gonna come!
Narration: *As Michiru's voice grows still shriller, the inside of her vagina begins to writhe around me.*
Narration: *I continue my attack on her uterus, ruthlessly urging Michiru to her climax.*
Michiru: Ah! Ah! Aaaaaah! No, I'm gonna come! Ah, aaah! Aaaaaah!
Michiru: Guh! I'm comingggg!!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *Michiru's vagina contracts, clamping down firmly on my cock.*
Narration: *Still, I continue thrusting vigorously up into her.*
Michiru: Fwaaaaaaaaaaaah!?
Michiru: Hyaaah! Ah, aah! Don't, Yuuji, ahn! Aaaah! N-Noo, nhaaah! I'm coming... aga... haaaahn!
Yuuji: I'm aware. That's what I'm going for here.
Michiru: Aaaah, nhaaah, ah, ah! No! Why are you being... such a bully... hyaaan!
Yuuji: I'm not being a bully, Michiru. I love you, so I want to make you feel good. That's all.
Michiru: Nhaaah!? Aaaaaah! You are TOO a bully... hyaah, aah! Is this really the time... to say you love... nhaaah, aaaah!
Michiru: Fwaaah!? Aaah! Ah! Ah! No, I'm gonna come again!
Narration: *Michiru's vagina begins to squirm around me for the second time in as many minutes.*
Narration: *Enduring the pleasure, I persistently push up through her quivering walls of flesh.*
Michiru: Haaah, nhaah, aaaah! Hyaaa, ahn! I'm coming again! I just came, but I can't stop―
Michiru: Ah, aaaaaaah! Fwah! Aaaah! Aaaaaah! NhaaaaaAaaAAaaaah!!!!
Yuuji: ...Gh.
Narration: *As Michiru bends backward and screams, her vagina squeezes my cock even more tightly than before.*
Narration: *The quivering of her flesh intensifies into near-convulsive trembling. The stimulation's so strong it leaves me slightly dizzy, but somehow I keep my waist moving.*
Michiru: Hyaaan! Aaah! Ah! I'm coming... but you keep poking me... so deep... fwah, aaah!!
Michiru: Nhaaaaah! Ah! No, Yuuji, don't! If you keep doing that... I'm gonna go crazy!
Yuuji: Tch... not a problem. I'm about to come too... No need to hold back!
Narration: *I'd been planning to stretch out the girl's orgasm for another thirty minutes or so, but my ejaculation rises up in me earlier than I'd expected.*
Narration: *Determined to enjoy every moment I've got left, I swing my hips with reckless abandon.*
Michiru: Fwaah! Aaah! I'm... I'm gonna come! Nhaaaah! I'm still coming, but... I'm, I'm... gonna come again!
Narration: *The first time, I was just following Michiru's instructions. But today, I'm going to come inside because I want to―*
Michiru: Nhaah! Aaaah! I can't...! Aaaaah! I'm comiiiiiing!!!!!
Yuuji: Guh!!
Narration: *Grabbing Michiru around the waist before she can topple backward, I release my first volley of semen deep inside her.*
Michiru: Hyaaah, aaaaaah! Aaah! Haaah, nn! Aaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *The come practically explodes out of me, striking the mouth of Michiru's uterus like blasts from a cannon.*
Michiru: Aaaaaah, your semen's... hitting me deep inside... fwah!? Aaah, I can't... shtoooop... coming!
Yuuji: Aah...
Narration: *Michiru's vagina just won't stop twitching around my cock, trying to wring me dry; my own orgasm stretches on and on.*
Michiru: Ah, aaah... I'm... done for...
Narration: *With these somewhat melodramatic words, Michiru collapses against my chest.*
Narration: *As I feel the weight of her body settling limply against mine, I can feel myself starting to drift off as well.*
Narration: *Well, this sort of thing isn't too bad every once in a while...*

Narration: *Intense sunlight blazes down on the road as if to declare the arrival of summer.*
Narration: *The burning asphalt radiates heat, mixing with the scent of the tide to form a thick, muggy atmosphere.*
Narration: *When the weather's clear in summer like this, you get guys who lose their heads in the heat.*
Narration: *Sexual assaults, robberies, all the way up to homicides - I don't have time to list the variety of crimes committed by morons with baked brains.*
Narration: *As a result, at times like these the police inevitably get very wary about suspicious types.*
Narration: *...It was about ten minutes ago that I realized I'd been mistaken for one of those heatstroke-addled sorts.*
Policeman: ...Name, Kazami Yuuji. Address... Osato in Yamanashi Prefecture...
Narration: *Sweat pouring from his forehead as he examines my license, the policeman in front of me takes a glance at the large backpack I'm carrying, then continues the background check.*
Policeman: ...You came here from Yamanashi?
Yuuji: Yes.
Policeman: What business do you have in this city? Why are you lugging around that enormous bag...? You headed anywhere in particular?
Yuuji: I told you this ten minutes ago. I'm moving. This luggage is everything I own.
Policeman: So, what's your new address?
Yuuji: Like I said, I don't have one yet. The answer's not going to change no matter how many times you ask.
Policeman: You're moving, but you don't know where to? Look, what are you hiding? How about you just come clean already?
Narration: *Where did you come from? Where are you going? What are you planning to do there? Depending on the context, these could be fairly philosophical questions, but as far as police inquiries go they're pretty run-of-the-mill.*
Narration: *From their perspective, anyone wandering around without clear-cut business is by default a criminal of some sort.*
Narration: *Let alone someone like me, carrying around conspicuous bulky luggage. It's as good as guaranteed that they'd stop me.*
Narration: *That is their job, I suppose. Since this little scene acts as a crime deterrent through its visibility, it's not an entirely wasted effort. But unfortunately, I don't have all day to play along.*
Narration: *I drop a glance toward the digital watch I'm wearing around my left wrist.*
Yuuji: Sorry, but I'm keeping someone waiting. I really can't spare any more time for hanging out with bored cops...
Policeman: Are you mocking me...?
Yuuji: A bored police force is proof that the city's at peace. Take it as a compliment.
Narration: *Inexplicably taking offense at my tone, the policeman clicks his tongue in irritation and tosses my license back.*
Policeman: ...All right then, Kazami-san. Sorry for the inconvenience, but would you mind letting me take a look at that pack you're carrying?
Yuuji: I refuse.
Policeman: Why? Something you don't want me to see in there? Knife, maybe?
Yuuji: I don't rely on blades. Policy of mine. Look, are you really telling me to unpack all this on the spot? It'll take an hour at least. 30 minutes just to take it all out, 30 minutes to stuff it back in.
Policeman: In that case, let's head over to the station. No reason to stand around in the sun, right? I'll get you some cold tea and we can have a nice long chat.
Yuuji: I just told you, I don't have the time. I can't accept voluntary questioning.
Yuuji: I know you can't just back down in this situation, but if I say I'll head over there myself later, could we wrap this up for now?
Policeman: That's very convenient for you, but what guarantee do I have you'll ever show? At least give me an address if you want me to agree to that.
Yuuji: As I've explained, I'm in the middle of a move. I've vacated my old place, so I don't have an address.
Policeman: Then give me your parents' address. Or are they homeless too?
Yuuji: I don't have any parents. No siblings or relatives, either. They're all dead.
Policeman: You serious? Are you sure you're not hiding something from me?
Yuuji: ...This is going nowhere...
Policeman: Okay, so why don't we move things along? To the station, maybe? I'll call a patrol car. You just stay where you are, please.
Yuuji: Then at least let me call the person I'm supposed to be meeting. At this rate they'll be waiting all day.
Policeman: That's fine, but... who are you meeting? A friend?
Yuuji: I'm not going to tell you that.
Policeman: Someone you can't tell me about?
Yuuji: It's your mother. We had an appointment at a hotel tonight.
Policeman: ...What?
Yuuji: I was keeping quiet out of the goodness of my heart. You dragged it out of me, so don't blame me when your parents get divorced and your happy home is shattered.
Policeman: You watch your mouth...!
Young　Woman: Kyaaa!
Policeman: Huh?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *About 30 meters away from where we're talking, someone screams.*
Narration: *A desperate cry follows within seconds.*
Young　Woman: Thief...! Somebody!
Narration: *A woman sits collapsed on the street, stretching out her hand. Her high heels lie on the ground, knocked off her feet by the sudden fall.*
Narration: *Just about halfway between us, there's a man in a flashy Hawaiian shirt, running in this direction.*
Man: Shit, a cop...!
Narration: *Although the thief flinches for a moment at the sight of the policeman's uniform, after a quick check for any convenient sidestreets, he barrels onward.*
Man: Move it, asshole!
Narration: *Brandishing the stolen bag menacingly, his hand violently gestures "out of my way."*
Policeman: Huh? Uh, s-stop, stop right there!
Narration: *The cop is completely flustered. He's quite clearly unaccustomed to this sort of situation.*
Narration: *While he's panicking, the distance between us and the thief shrinks with surprising swiftness.*
Man: Out of the way!
Narration: *The man runs in a straight line toward a breakthrough to freedom.*
Narration: *I happen to be standing directly in the middle of his path.*
Man: I said move, damn it!
Narration: *As he prepares to strike with the bag, I ascertain the movement of his shoulder and arm from the first signs of motion, and hit his wrist sharply just as he begins to swing.*
Man: Uu... uegh...?
Narration: *The man's arm instantly stiffens and loses all momentum. His eyes pop wide open in shock.*
Narration: *I immediately grab the collar of the Hawaiian shirt he's wearing and firmly draw him toward me.*
Man: ...Gh!!
Narration: *Before the man can offer resistance to my pull, I smoothly reverse and use my body weight to shove against him.*
Narration: *When pushed just as they've begun to brace themselves against being pulled, anyone except a genuine expert is going to be thrown off balance.*
Yuuji: Nice shirt. Where'd you buy it?
Man: ...Gh! Ugh!
Narration: *Shock spreads across the man's face as his knees buckle against his will. I try to gain a chokehold using my grip on the neck of his shirt, but...*
Man: ...Bastard...!
Narration: *The man promptly draws his head back and shifts his body to the side, preventing me from landing a hold on his neck.*
Narration: *Although I expected as much from a glance at his build, it seems like he's somewhat experienced in Judo.*
Narration: *―But...*
Yuuji: ...In this case, you would have been better off trying a decisive tackle.
Narration: *Rotating around the purse-snatcher in the opposite direction of his slide, I yank his right arm upward with both hands. In one movement, I've circled to his back.*
Man: Ugg! Aargh!
Yuuji: ...Next, pull back on the opponent's wrist and elbow and pin him to the ground... This is just basic Aikido, by the way.
Man: Owww!! Owowowowwww!!! Fucking... asshole! Get off!! I'll fucking kill you!!!
Yuuji: ...Hey now, you've got your priorities all wrong. Before worrying about me, you should kill the guy who sold you that shirt.
Man: Gg... ag... goddamnit... goddamn kid...
Narration: *Perhaps unconsciously, the man's now empty left hand desperately slaps at the asphalt.*
Narration: *While holding the thief pinned, I quickly shoot a look behind me.*
Yuuji: Don't just stand there!
Policeman: Ah... y-yeah!
Narration: *The policeman jerks up straight in response to my angry shout. Taking a pair of handcuffs from the pouch around his waist, he runs over to restrain the criminal.*
Narration: *The purse-snatcher seems to have resigned himself to his fate, and doesn't offer any pointless resistance.*
Narration: *He accepts his red-handed arrest for theft docilely, then sits quietly on the ground with his head hung as the policeman radios for backup.*
Narration: *Apparently they weren't too far off, as a siren approaches in no time.*
Narration: *Two policemen get out of the arriving cruiser and push the criminal into the back seat.*
Narration: *As I'm quietly watching the scene in perfect passivity, the policeman from earlier runs over.*
Policeman: T-Thank you for your cooperation in the arrest...!
Yuuji: I'll pass on the letter of thanks, so how about letting me move on?
Policeman: We can't do that, I'm afraid. If possible, we'd like to have a detailed conversation at the station regarding both this incident and the previous matter...
Yuuji: ...Figured as much...
Narration: *Shaking my head in exasperation, I silently rebuke myself. "Should have just left it alone."*
Narration: *As the policeman pushes at my back, a glance at my wristwatch informs me that I'm already five minutes late for my meeting.*
Date: *May 24, 2011, 15:30 - Mishima Cape Station - Interrogation Room*
Detective: ...Look, you about ready to talk yet?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *30 minutes have passed since I was brought to the interrogation room, familiar as the place where criminals break into flopsweat in TV dramas. I'm sitting on a cheap foldable pipe chair, my arms folded, in perfect silence.*
Detective: How are we supposed to let you go if you don't respond to our questions? Weren't you supposed to meet someone? Shouldn't you just talk and get this over with?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Instead of responding, I close my eyes. A silent statement, indicating that I have absolutely no intention of opening my mouth.*
Narration: *The detective clicks his tongue in exasperation at my attitude. I've got a pretty fair idea of what he'll be doing next.*
Detective: If you don't have anything to hide, talk!! How long do you plan on remaining silent!?
Narration: *The sound of something being struck, and an even louder attempt at intimidation. This is the point where a timid guy would be jumping in his seat with his eyes wide open, or maybe staring at the floor and quivering.*
Narration: *As for me, my eyes are still shut and my arms are still folded quietly. My mind is a total blank.*
Narration: *I've been accustomed to adults shouting at me like this since I was a child.*
Narration: *Following the "threat" stage, the next step would be for him to grip my hair and jolt me back and forth. But I'm dealing with an official authority group here. I should get off without direct violence this time.*
Narration: *Not to say that they won't pull out the old TV cliches and harass me by shining a desk lamp in my eyes, or something of the sort.*
Detective: ...*Sighhh*...
Narration: *I can roughly translate the detective's sigh: "Goddamn kids these days..."*
Narration: *I gently open my eyes in order to sneak a look at his disgusted face.*
Narration: *The detective sitting in front of me seems to be challenging the Guinness World Record for the most dramatic asymmetry between the left and right sides of a human mouth. Or maybe he's just scowling.*
Narration: *When I let out a snort of laughter in response to the unexpectedly pleasant sight, the detective scratches his head violently and glares at me.*
Detective: Look, buddy. I don't know who you've been talking to, but playing dumb with the police isn't going to gain you anything. Alright?
Narration: *It won't gain you anything, but you won't lose anything either. Except your time.*
Narration: *I turn my gaze to the clock on the wall of the "sweatbox." An hour has already passed since the scheduled time for my meeting.*
Detective: How about you respond when I'm speaking to you!!
Narration: *The detective strikes the desk with excellent comic timing.*
Narration: *The best part is the way he knocks his ashtray off the table every time he does this.*
Detective: Ugh... what the hell is your deal...?
Narration: *His tone distinctly fed up, he stoops down to pick the plastic tray off the floor.*
Yuuji: ...Kazami Yuuji... occupation, student...
Detective: Yes! You've said that already, many times!! We looked it up! You came from Yamanashi, right!?
Detective: No criminal background! No traffic violations or juvenile custody records! No commendations on public record, either! What kind of person has absolutely no data in the system!?
Detective: Your record is so clean it looks like someone's been whiting it out! Just who the hell are you!?
Yuuji: Kazami Yuuji. Occupation, student.
Detective: What's with that!? Did someone tell you to only say that line if the police caught you!? Are you some sort of terrorist or what!?
Yuuji: Kazami Yuuji. Occupation, student.
Detective: Shut up!! Just shut up!
Narration: *First it's "say something." Now it's "shut up." Talk about hard to please.*
Narration: *Our capricious detective scowls yet again and scratches his head. Flakes of dandruff drift grandly through the air.*
Narration: *Based on his thoroughly wrinkled suit and heavy stubble, I'd say he hasn't been home in days.*
Detective: Look... loooook... cut me a break here... put yourself in my shoes for a second... *Sighhh*...
Narration: *Another sigh.*
Narration: *It's enough to make me want to heave one myself.*
Narration: *Because we both take our work seriously, it seems like we're stuck going around in circles.*
Detective: We sure picked up a royal pain in the ass this time... the investigation of that purse-snatcher case isn't going smoothly either... thanks so much for dropping that on our lap, by the way.
Narration: *Just as we roughly complete this exchange of one-sided bitterness and mutual glaring, there's a well-timed knock at the door, and the sound of it being unlocked.*
Detective: Yes... ah, hello sir.
Narration: *A slightly plump elderly detective enters the room.*
Narration: *Given the respectful tone of the detective I've been chatting with, he's probably a superior of some sort.*
Detective: Is something the... oh, well... huh...?
Narration: *After a quick glance in my direction, the elderly detective whispers something into the younger man's ear.*
Narration: *Before long, the younger detective turns toward me with a decidedly nonplussed expression.*
Detective: ...You're being released, it seems. Thanks for your cooperation.
Yuuji: Why now, all of a sudden?
Detective: You're asking the wrong guy... Bye.
Narration: *With those parting words, the young detective leaves the room.*
Narration: *The elderly detective watches him go and then faces me with a greasy smile.*
Elderly　Detective: Well well, sorry about all that, Kazami-san. It seems we hadn't received any report on our end, and we were only just now placed in contact with your "guarantor."
Narration: *The detective stares at me with eyes like a dead fish.*
Elderly　Detective: As an employee of Ichigaya, if you'd simply said as much...

Yuuji: If you'd known I was from Ichigaya from the start, wouldn't you have thrown me in jail, stripped me naked, and sprayed me down with a hose?
Elderly　Detective: Hahahaha, you're quite the kidder. Did you forget that we belong to the unparalleled "Sakuradamon?" We're all friends here.

Yuuji: Just to let you know, I'm nothing but a student. My work at Ichigaya is only a part-time cleaning job.
Elderly　Detective: Cleaning... cleaning, is it? Haha... I see. That's well put, just as I'd expect from your collection of eggheads.
Narration: *In response to my words, the detective twists his mouth into something vaguely resembling a smile.*
Elderly　Detective: But really, now, if you'd simply informed us a little earlier about the circumstances on your end―
Elderly　Detective: Well, as I'm sure you know, the higher-ups are what they are. We had quite a mess there for a moment, ahaha.
Narration: *Sarcasm drifting from every pore of his body, the detective treats me with transparently insincere courtesy.*
Narration: *He's perfectly civil on a superficial level, but the atmosphere in here is growing increasingly unpleasant.*
Narration: *The younger detective from before, hardass that he was, seems infinitely preferable.*
Yuuji: ...Did you inquire to Ichigaya about me?
Elderly　Detective: Not quite - you see, we were running your name through our databases.
Elderly　Detective: In the middle of the data retrieval the phone rings. We pick up the receiver and find we have a call from the Ministry of Defense's "Special Organization"...
Elderly　Detective: ...asking us "Might you be in custody of a dog of ours?"
Elderly　Detective: Well now, that was quite the surprise, hahahaha! We're not running an animal shelter here, you know! Ahahaha!
Yuuji: Since you've found my "owner" and confirmed that my "leash" is properly attached, I should be able to leave now, right?
Elderly　Detective: Yes, just as you please. Oh, that's right, we were also contacted by the principal of the school you're transferring into.
Yuuji: That so...
Elderly　Detective: Yes, indeed. Since you hadn't shown up, it seems she was putting calls in to all the police stations in the area one after the other.
Elderly　Detective: Our Chief ended up getting pulled to the phone while he was in the middle of a meeting... and got quite an earful, apparently.
Yuuji: Where's my backpack?
Elderly　Detective: The luggage we've been holding onto for you is in the entranceway, which would be over that way. If you'd like, shall we send you over by car?
Yuuji: You're not getting funds from public taxes in order to chauffeur bums like me around, are you? I'll walk.
Narration: *After I'm urged out the door by the old man, the young detective appears from the rear, carrying the backpack they'd taken from me earlier.*
Detective: This is ridiculously heavy... What the heck is in this thing?
Yuuji: Bit of a tough question... I guess you could say "my life."
Detective: ...If that's supposed to be a gag, I wouldn't quit your day job.
Yuuji: That wasn't really what I was going for.
Detective: Well, whatever... *Grunt*
Narration: *Dropping the backpack next to me, the detective lets out a slight sigh.*
Yuuji: Thanks for lugging it out here... pretty heavy, isn't it?
Detective: That's not something you say to a guy who learned Judo for work. We might be country police, but we've at least got that much training.
Yuuji: True, guess that's natural for a policeman. Sorry.
Narration: *The detective smiles wryly.*
Detective: By the way... you're supposed to be a student at that "landfill" academy, right?
Yuuji: I'm wearing the school uniform. You can see at a glance.
Detective: ...Feels more like you've been dressed up in it.
Narration: *He claps my shoulder as we pass each other.*
Detective: Take care. In a lot of ways.
Narration: *With those parting words, he heads back into the police station.*
Yuuji: Guess I don't make a convincing student yet.
Narration: *I'm wearing deep blue slacks and a short-sleeved dress shirt, as well as a dark-red and yellow striped necktie.*
Narration: *Excluding my somewhat longish hair, I should be the very image of a student.*
Yuuji: ...I guess it's a little difficult, turning into something like that all of a sudden.
Narration: *But it's probably precisely because this is difficult that I decided to give it a try.*
Narration: *For a while, I myself didn't understand why I'd asked for this; but now, I think I have a faint grasp on the reason.*
Narration: *I wanted to become something that I couldn't understand. Something that I wasn't.*
Narration: *At the moment, I've done nothing but smooth down my edges a bit.*
Narration: *Perhaps later on, I'll become a "student" on the inside as well.*
Narration: *The sun that had been climbing upward earlier has now finally reached its zenith.*
Narration: *The temperature keeps on rising, and sweat oozes from my skin.*
Yuuji: I was pretty sure she'd pick me up, but... hm?
Narration: *Sensing a presence, I lower my gaze from the sun.*
Narration: *My eyes, well-accustomed to high-contrast lighting, project a human form in silhouette for only the briefest of moments before the details fade-in.*
Woman: Thanks for your service.
Narration: *A woman raising an awkward salute, grinning broadly, stands before my eyes.*
Yuuji: ...Spare me. I don't want to see a pose like that outside the workplace. In the first place, what's with that dopey salute? The girls in bikinis on the Maritime SDF recruitment posters have more impressive form.
Woman: Geez, and here I am offering my appreciation for your sudden efforts.
Yuuji: I don't recall contributing enough to society today to deserve any appreciation.
Woman: Yes, yes, I do understand that you went through a lot right off the bat, but could you not take it out on me? More importantly...
Narration: *She opens the door of the car stopped next to her.*
Woman: Get in. Accomplishing your objective is the top priority, yes?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, true enough.
Narration: *From Mishima Cape Police Station to National Highway #133 southbound, we proceed to the Prefectural Highway and advance further out toward the Cape.*
Narration: *A range of slowly rotating wind turbines come into view, indicating our proximity to the sea.*
Woman: That was quite the surprise. You don't show up at the time we agreed, and when I call around trying to figure it out, you're predictably being a nuisance to the police.
Woman: I was half-convinced you'd collapsed somewhere, given this heat.
Yuuji: I doubt you really thought I was sick.
Woman: What grounds do you have for saying that?
Yuuji: You were trying the police stations first. Not the hospitals.
Woman: ...Well, it is you we're talking about, so I figured you'd manage something if you were about to collapse. But for the record, I was worried about your safety, so maybe you could not pick at the details?
Yuuji: Accuracy in weather forecasts and interpersonal communications make society run smoother.
Woman: You are seriously not cute.
Narration: *Pouting again, she continues her harangue.*
Woman: First of all, there may not be many of them, but the trains do run here. Yet for some reason, you walk instead.
Woman: That was also a surprise. Walking around with a huge backpack like you were going to climb the Himalayas or something.
Yuuji: Sorry, I hate trains.
Woman: That doesn't make walking the entire way any less bizarre.
Yuuji: ......
Woman: What's the matter, clamming up like that?
Yuuji: Could you not mention this to the other students? I don't want them getting funny ideas about me from the get-go.
Woman: Yeah, this might well set them on guard. "A real weirdo came this time."
Yuuji: I got enough of that from the police to last me a while.
Woman: ...Ah, so you did get questioned...
Woman: All right, we've arrived. This is it.
Narration: *The car proceeded about 500 meters along an area of reclaimed coastal land before she brought it to a stop.*
Yuuji: So that's what he meant by "landfill." I see.
Narration: *As I'm recalling the words of the detective from before, the woman continues our conversation with a suddenly cheerful tone.*
Woman: What do you think? Pretty nice, isn't it. It's the absolute newest school in the vicinity.
Yuuji: Very nice. Barely even looks like a school.
Narration: *Although I'd heard it was a new school, its external appearance genuinely isn't what I'd expected.*
Narration: *A three-story building. The pure white color of the outer walls is the only typical school-like element, with every other aspect more closely resembling a city office building.*
Narration: *The gates to the right and left are less evocative of a "school gate" than a functional "fence" at some facility.*
Narration: *The mounted signboard, likewise, is a utilitarian thing printed in a simple typeface rather than a hand-drawn work of calligraphy.*
Woman: Come on... this is your future alma mater. Where's the deep upswelling of emotion?
Yuuji: I've only just arrived at this place. If I said I was deeply moved by the sight, it'd be a lie.
Woman: You are such a dull person. Human beings are creatures of imagination, you know?
Narration: *With an exaggerated sigh, she opens her hands wide in the overblown gesture of a third-rate actor.*
Woman: It's newly established, so the school might not have much of an image yet, but... the students are normal, nice kids, and...!
Girl　A: NoooOooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Woman: ...Uh?
Girl　B: Ahahahahaha! <HEY! Where are yoo going!?>
Narration: *Her rigmarole is abruptly interrupted by the high-pitched shrieks of two girls.*
Girl　A: S-Stop that, Makina! St... hey! I said STOP it already! Please! Have mercyyyyy!!!!
Girl　B: Ahahahaha, Ama-nee, why are you running? Come play with the cute cicada!
Girl　A: B-B-Bugs! Bugs are the worsttttt!!!!
Girl　B: Hyahahahahahaha! Take this!!
Girl　A: Get awaaayyyyyieee! Heeeeeeeeeeelp meeeeeeeeee!!!
Girl　B: Ahahahahahaha, ahahahahahahahahaha! Aha! Aha! *Hack!* *Wheeze!*
Girl　A: Laugh at me until you choke, huh, Makina!? Don't think I'll forget this! No snacks for you today!
Girl　B: *Cough!!* <NO WAI!!>
Woman: ......
Yuuji: ......
Woman: ...Uhm, perfectly normal...
Yuuji: Normal? Could you define that term? Is there a class where we chase each other around brandishing insects?
Woman: ...Uhm... that's not it...? Those girls are... well, uh, you know?
Yuuji: I don't think I do. But it's nice to see that it's a lively school.
Woman: R-Right? Anyway, let's move on... inside.
Narration: *Having apparently forgotten what she was planning to do with her outspread hands, she totters through the school gate.*
Narration: *Her office is positioned quite near the school building's front entrance.*
Narration: *The furniture is nicely arranged, based around an old-fashioned desk and chair.*
Narration: *In contrast to the incongruity of the building's external appearance, this room is a textbook example of the old-fashioned "principal's office."*
Woman: Take a seat over there.
Narration: *I sit on the genuine-leather sofa that's one of the room's more prominent furnishings.*
Narration: *After waiting for me to settle myself, she lowers herself into the seat across from me.*
Principal: I'm the principal, Tachibana Chizuru. Welcome to Mihama Academy. Nice to meet you.
Principal: Or would "it's been a while" be more appropriate, Kazami-kun?
Yuuji: On a practical level, "nice to meet you" might be the better option.
Principal: ...Yes, you're probably right.
Narration: *With a slight, amused smile, Principal Tachibana takes out a pamphlet.*
Principal: Well, in your case I'm sure you're already familiar with the basic synopsis, but just in case I'll give you the full explanation.
Narration: *She flips past a couple pages of the brochure. I hadn't noticed, but her fingernails are lightly polished.*
Principal: This is a private Academy under the management of the Sakaki Academy Educational Corporation, in which students chosen from across the country gather in diligent pursuit of academic achievement.
Principal: Our parent organization is East Beach Express Railways, owners of a rail network that runs the breadth of the Kanto region. Through their support, the very best facilities and educators are brought together here. First...
Narration: *The principal's talk shifts to more detailed matters.*
Narration: *The East Beach Express is an enormous corporate group with its hands in real estate and large-scale retail, but its core business is the management of the rail line connecting Tokyo and Haneda Airport.*
Narration: *The EBE's management is shouldered by the Sakaki family, and it seems plausible that this "Sakaki Academy Corporation" is also administered by them directly. But that's only a guess based on circumstantial evidence.*
Narration: *Given the lack of public information on this secretive corporation's activities, or even the existence of this academy, I haven't gained anything that could be called definitive proof from my investigations so far.*
Principal: You'll be entering the Academy immediately as a second-year student. Your transfer will be announced during tomorrow's homeroom, and after that point you're free to decide your own course.
Narration: *Her fingers come to a stop. Bringing her hands gently together, the principal raises her gaze from the pamphlet and meets my eyes.*
Principal: Well...? I think it's an ideal environment for a normal student life, like the one you requested.
Yuuji: I have a few questions.
Principal: Go ahead.
Yuuji: First... today is a weekday, but there was barely anyone on the school grounds. What's going on?
Principal: We have a handpicked, elite few. The total number of students, including you, is six.
Yuuji: Only six?
Principal: Yes.
Yuuji: ...The elite few?
Principal: Indeed.
Yuuji: That include our friends with the cicada just now...?
Principal: Of course.
Yuuji: ...Question two. Where am I living from today on?
Principal: This is a boarding school. I'll guide you to the student dormitory later. You'll walk to school from there.
Yuuji: A dormitory, is it?
Principal: It is a dorm, but it's considerably spacious, so don't worry too much.
Yuuji: In that case, not a problem.
Principal: Anything else?
Yuuji: Before we finish... one last thing.
Principal: All right, go ahead.
Narration: *For this last question only, I stare directly into her eyes.*
Narration: *I need to confirm the principal's intentions in bringing me here.*
Yuuji: After all's said and done, is this a normal school?
Principal: ......
Narration: *The principal closes her mouth.*
Narration: *After a moment of silence, she opens it again.*
Principal: Yep.
Narration: *A gentle smile.*
Narration: *I'm convinced that she isn't lying to me to further some hidden self-interest.*
Principal: I haven't forgotten what you asked me for back then.
Narration: *The principal slowly stands up and walks to the windowside.*
Narration: *The athletic grounds are visible from the window.*
Narration: *Although resembling those of a normal school, the grounds are skirted by an improbably high wall.*
Principal: "I want to enter a normal school and live as a normal student."
Narration: *The mere handful of students. The bizarrely extravagant facilities. The on-campus dormitory. The high wall surrounding it all.*
Narration: *They clearly indicate "abnormality."*
Principal: But, as you yourself are aware... considering your personal circumstances, there's no place that can give you that. Other than here.
Yuuji: I guess you're right.
Principal: ...I'll give you the same answer to the very end - this is a normal school.
Narration: *The principal turns to face me.*
Principal: Therefore, you don't need to do anything here except live normally as a student. I will never make any other request of you.
Yuuji: Understood.
Principal: Well then, I'll show you to the dorm.
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *With a nod, I rise to my feet.*
Narration: *On the grounds outside, a gust of salty sea air kicks up a cloud of sand.*
Principal: This is the student dorm. Including the management room, there are 11 rooms in total.
Principal: Every room is equipped with its own bath, toilet, and kitchen, so there should be no inconveniences in your daily life. A basic set of furniture is also provided.
Principal: ...What are you looking around like that for?
Yuuji: ...The cicada pair from earlier don't seem to be around.
Principal: Oh, you mean Suou-san and Irisu-san.
Principal: The two of them might well still be at the school. Komine-san doesn't seem to be around either...
Yuuji: That "Komine" guy a student here too?
Principal: Yes. I asked her for help guiding you around the dormitory... but she doesn't seem to be around...
Yuuji: So you don't have a minute grasp on the movements of the students, I see.
Principal: I'm merely the principal of this place, after all.
Yuuji: Merely, is it...
Principal: Hold on just a second, I'm going to check her room.
Narration: *The principal walks toward the interior of the building.*
Narration: *Left there by myself, I stare vacantly up at the ceiling. Soon, I've unconsciously fallen into my habit of counting the number of visible sprinklers, then roughly estimating the scale of the building―*
Narration: *Calculating the time needed to gain control of the front entrance, and ascertaining the location of the emergency exits.*
Yuuji: ...Hrm... not that many support pillars, are there. Guess that's why the ceiling is a bit low...
???: E-Excuse me...
???: Excuse me...
Narration: *Having grown absorbed in analyzing the building, I don't even notice the tug at my sleeve―*
???: Excuse me... can you hear my voice?
Narration: *Until the final "excuse me" of many finally catches my ear.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
???: Might you be the transfer student scheduled to arrive here today... by any chance?
Narration: *I drop my gaze in the direction of the voice, and find a girl in housemaid clothes looking up at me.*
Narration: *Not that she's of particularly diminutive height, except in comparison to a taller male like me.*
???: Or perhaps, an intruder?
Yuuji: No one's going to admit that they're an "intruder" if you ask them point blank.
???: Oh... come to think of it, you're right. The scales have fallen from my eyes...
Narration: *The maid nods several times, slowly closes her eyes, and begins to repeat my words.*
???: No one's going to admit that they're an "intruder" if you ask them point blank... No one's going to admit that they're an "intruder" if you ask them point blank...
???: Yes... got it.
???: Well then, let me change the question... are you NOT an intruder?
Yuuji: Flexible thinking isn't your strong suit, clearly.
???: I'm sorry?
Yuuji: ...No, never mind. So, what does a maid want with me?
???: Uhm... well, as I said, I'm attempting to determine whether you're a suspicious character.
Yuuji: This would be the second time today I've heard that pick-up line.
???: That is truly impressive. As I was saying, are you a non-suspicious character?
Yuuji: You're a lot tougher than you look, maid...
Principal: Ah, Komine-san, perfect timing. This is Kazami-kun, the student who's just transferred in.
Narration: *At this point, having noticed our voices, the principal calls out to the girl.*
Narration: *It seems this maid was "Komine" all along.*
Komine: ...So you were the transfer student after all. I see.
Yuuji: I'm Kazami Yuuji, good to meet you.
Komine: Yes, the pleasure is all mine.
Yuuji: ......
Komine: ......
Yuuji: I don't think you introduced yourself.
Komine: Ah... pardon me. My name is Sachi. It's a pleasure to meet you.
Narration: *And this time, it's nothing but the first name... hmm.*
Yuuji: ...I had this thought earlier with the other two, but you've certainly gathered some unique "elites" here.
Principal: Fostering the individuality of students is the responsibility of any school.
Yuuji: Which would mean that she's a student too?
Principal: Komine-san is a first year at this Academy. Did she look old enough to be in front of the blackboard to you?
Yuuji: That's not really my point of confusion here. Our uniform creates certain preconceptions. For example, if I see a girl wearing bunny ears in a bar, I don't ask what she's done with her Bible.
Principal: Ah, right. Komine-san does wear a maid uniform more often than not.
Yuuji: That's not an explanation.
Principal: ...True enough. Well then, Komine-san, please explain.
Sachi: Certainly.
Sachi: Uhm... as I've been entrusted with the position of class representative, I frequently respond to our teachers' requests for assistance and perform minor chores.
Sachi: From "you're kind of like a maid," a certain conversation eventually shifted to "why don't you try on a maid uniform?"
Sachi: Finally, "now that you've actually put it on it really suits you, so you should wear it when you can" - and so according to that suggestion, I attempt to wear maid clothes whenever it's possible for me to do so.
Yuuji: I see. You're, uh, a devoted one. That fallen bunny-girl sister could learn a thing or two from you.
Sachi: Yes. Thank you very much.
Narration: *I wasn't really intending that to be a compliment... but there's no point in telling her that.*
Principal: So, from this point please let her guide you. It should be easier to get to know each other that way.
Yuuji: No objections.
Principal: Well then, Komine-san, I leave the rest to you.
Sachi: Certainly.
Sachi: Well then, let's begin with a tour of the first floor.
Yuuji: Yeah, if you would.
Narration: *The maid slowly begins to walk, but quickly comes to a stop in front of the management room.*
Sachi: Ah...
Sachi: Uhmm...
Narration: *Stopped dead, she's staring at me with an expression that clearly indicates she has something to say.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? You need something?
Sachi: Well... I forgot to inquire as to how you'd prefer me to address you.
Yuuji: Come to think of it, you're right.
Sachi: I'm sorry.
Yuuji: Well, you can call me whatever you want.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: In that case, would it be acceptable if I addressed you as "Yuu-kun?"
Yuuji: We've gotten pretty familiar all of a sudden...
Sachi: Then, would "Kazami-san" be more to your liking?
Yuuji: Sure. Anyway, I'll call you "Sachi."
Sachi: Sachi...?
Yuuji: My bad. Would "Sachimon" be better?
Sachi: No, I'm quite all right with Sachi.
Narration: *Her expression didn't change in the slightest. But her eyes at the moment she spoke those words had a strange forcefulness.*
Yuuji: That so. Alright, Sachi, best regards and all that.
Sachi: Yes.
Narration: *Judging from her smile, it seems she doesn't dislike being called "Sachi."*
Sachi: Then let's get right to it... the room nearest to the entrance will belong to you, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Nameplate seems to say it's the "management room," though.
Sachi: According to what I heard from Principal Tachibana... the idea was that you might serve as the superintendent of the dormitory while living in this room...
Yuuji: In other words, she wants me to play the prison guard?
Narration: *Well, at the very least, three out of the six students living in this dorm are females.*
Narration: *It would probably be prudent to have a room as far as possible from theirs to avoid potential trouble.*
Yuuji: Mind if I take a look inside?
Sachi: Of course. This is the key to the room. Feel free.
Narration: *When I open the door with the key she hands me, a prominently placed set of kitchen and household goods catches my eye.*
Narration: *They seem to be in good shape, and I can confirm with a glance that the room itself will be a more than adequate living environment given my needs.*
Sachi: ...One fire alarm and two sprinklers are installed in every room in the dorm.
Yuuji: Got it.
Narration: *She seems to have guessed my thoughts from the direction of my gaze.*
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: That would be a walk-in closet with a floor space of about 2.5 square meters.
Narration: *As a little test, I focus my eyes on a different point of interest, and she provides an explanation in the same way.*
Narration: *Although she's a little off in some departments, she seems to be pretty sharp in other respects.*
Yuuji: I see. Looks like there won't be any problems.
Narration: *As I speak, I twist the faucet over the sink.*
Yuuji: Was someone using this room before I came?
Sachi: No. I'm certain it was unoccupied for at least four months...
Yuuji: The water's pretty clear, considering.
Sachi: Well, the building itself is quite new. And before you arrived, this room was occasionally used as something of a storehouse, so it's possible someone used the water recently.
Sachi: I myself would sometimes fill my water bucket here while cleaning.
Yuuji: I see.
Narration: *I twist the faucet to stop the water, drop the luggage I've been carrying on the spot, and promptly leave the room.*
Sachi: Next, this open space just inside the entrance is something of a common area for all of us.
Yuuji: The standard student dorm "community space," is it?
Sachi: Yes. In particular, Maki-chan and Amane-san spend a lot of time here.
Yuuji: That so...
Narration: *Although I haven't heard those names before, they must be other students.*
Sachi: Also, this door next to yours leads to the boiler room. The stairs are opposite...
Sachi: And further on there are four rooms, of which the third room next to the stairs is mine.
Yuuji: I'd heard there are 11 rooms in total. Any reason why you picked one on the first floor?
Sachi: Well, as you know, my name is Sachi. Apparently, that "sorta rhymes with room three!" and so I was encouraged to―
Yuuji: ...I get the idea.
Sachi: This is the second floor. This floor contains only personal rooms, and with the exception of myself, all the students live here.
Yuuji: Which would mean two of these are vacant.
Sachi: Yes. Room seven and room nine are currently unoccupied.
Sachi: The third floor is structured as a bath-house, designed around this grand bathroom.
Sachi: On the other side of the stairs is a laundry room and space reserved for clothes drying racks, so please use them when necessary.
Sachi: If doing laundry is problematic for you, please inform me and I will be happy to take care of it on your behalf.
Yuuji: Wouldn't taking care of someone else's chores be a nuisance?
Sachi: It's only natural for the class representative.
Yuuji: ...Alright. I'll keep that offer in mind.
Sachi: Please do.
Narration: *There's no reason to refuse outright when the offer's delivered with such an earnest smile.*
Yuuji: ...By the way, can we use this grand bathroom as we please?
Sachi: Yes. It's maintained periodically by a specialized contractor, so excluding cleaning it's available 24 hours a day.
Sachi: However, as there's no separate space for male and female bathing, I would ask you to leave this note on the entrance when you enter.
Narration: *As she speaks, she hands me a card that reads "In use - Male bathing."*
Yuuji: Sure. I think I might take advantage of it pretty often, the view up here is pretty nice.
Sachi: It is indeed. There aren't any tall buildings besides the schoolhouse in the area, and the window glass is 75% transparent, so it's possible to watch the sun setting into the sea.
Yuuji: An ocean view, huh? Not bad.
Sachi: If you'd like, you can give it a try right now...
Narration: *As she speaks, I notice Sachi's already holding a towel and change of clothes in her hand.*
Yuuji: You're pretty well-prepared.
Sachi: Most people who see this grand bath are struck by the urge to give it an immediate try.
Yuuji: ...I see. The fruit of your experience, is it?
Sachi: Ah...
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Sachi: Uhm... instead of a change of clothes for you, I seem to have accidentally brought my own.
Narration: *As if to demonstrate, female underwear slips out from among the clothes in Sachi's hand.*
Yuuji: Is this a declaration that you want to bathe together?
Sachi: No... that wasn't my intention... I apologize.
Yuuji: I really don't think there's anything to apologize for...
Sachi: Thank you.
Sachi: Well then, this concludes the tour of the dormitory. Do you have any questions?
Yuuji: Let's see... Can I ask about something other than the dorm?
Sachi: Uhm... If it's something in my power to answer, then...
Yuuji: In that case, let's hear your three sizes, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes... starting from the top, 82, 56, 83.
Yuuji: At the moment, is there a specific man you're going out with?
Sachi: No, there is not.
Yuuji: Your experience with men to date?
Sachi: None to speak of.
Yuuji: ...Hm.
Yuuji: I know I'm the one who asked you those questions, but answering them so politely... would that also be "because you're the class representative?"
Sachi: ...A class rep is only a class rep to the degree that they are of assistance to others.
Yuuji: What an admirable devotion to customer service.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Sachi: ...Are there any other questions?
Yuuji: Nothing comes to mind.
Sachi: Very well.
Sachi: If there's anything else you'd like to know, please dial 3 on the intercom telephone in your room. It will connect to my room.
Yuuji: Got it.
Sachi: In that case, please excuse me for now.
Narration: *With that note of farewell, Sachi bows like a genuine housemaid and starts to turn away.*
Yuuji: Ah, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes?
Yuuji: Thanks for the tour. I appreciate it.
Sachi: ...Of course.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *The class representatives these days seem to be a surprisingly tough-willed breed.*
Narration: *After Sachi's tour ended, I took another look around the interior of the building on my own.*
Narration: *By the time I return to my room, the sun is already low in the sky and the light growing dim.*
Yuuji: ...Should probably put this stuff away before it gets dark.
Narration: *Opening my backpack, I pull out the contents and begin to put them away on the shelves I've been provided with.*
Narration: *It's a real help that I've got a closet.*
Narration: *Things I can leave in a visible place, and things to be stowed away in the back―*
Narration: *Dividing my possessions between the two, the latter are clearly more numerous.*
Yuuji: Normal, huh...
Narration: *While looking over my mountain of luggage, I mutter in a self-deprecating tone.*
Narration: *As I work, the sun sinks leisurely into the sea.*
Date: *May 25, 2011, 04:45 - Mihama Academy - Front Gate*
Narration: *At my usual time, 4:45 AM, I woke up in my usual way, and ran the course I'd marked down mentally on my way here.*
Narration: *To tell the truth, when I was stopped by the policeman yesterday, it was because I'd been wandering back and forth in the same place while planning out a possible marathon route.*
Narration: *I woke at the usual time, ran at the usual time, and now I'm eating my usual breakfast menu.*
Narration: *No different from the days when I was living together with my master in the mountains. My standard tempo of living.*
Narration: *If there is a difference, it's limited to the slight surprise I felt when I opened my eyes and found a roof over my head.*
Narration: *During my hike from Yamanashi, I'd gotten used to sleeping in the open―*
Narration: *So when I woke up inside a room, there was a slight feeling of unease as I thought "...Right... I'm living in a dorm now..."*
Narration: *That mild discomfort hasn't disappeared even now as I'm eating my corn cereal. It's hard to settle down inside a new lair until it's ingrained with your scent.*
Narration: *Even so, I'll start living at this tempo every day from now on, going to school every morning, so there's no real need to rush things―*
Narration: *If I actively spend every day packing myself with potentially useful knowledge, someday this sort of lifestyle might come naturally to me.*
Narration: *The effort strikes me as a little troublesome, but as my master once told me... when it comes to your life and your women, a little bit of trouble is just about right.*
Narration: *―Speaking of women... they're a simple bunch, but that doesn't make them any less difficult to handle.*
Narration: *I learned that much in my first year living with my master.*
Narration: *In my master's words―*
Narration: *"When you're a brat, running fast is enough to make you popular. When you're a middle-schooler, the guys who can fight will be popular, and after that it's the guys with brains who get the girls."*
Narration: *"In other words, run, punch, and read books, and you'll never run dry. What do you think? Short and sweet, right?"*
Narration: *...That was her theory, at least.*
Narration: *The things she said were always ridiculously simplistic.*
Narration: *Honestly, I ignored those words with a snort the first time I heard them. But my master was a woman who put her beliefs into practice. Every morning she made me run, and every day she hit me with a stack of books.*
Narration: *Although I don't know if she's to blame, I still run 16 kilometers every morning and habitually read books whenever I have free time.*
Narration: *Sometimes she was harsh. Sometimes she was sweet. She would emit an abrasive, overpowering aura at times, but every once in a while she could be so gentle that I thought my brain would melt out my ears―*
Narration: *That was my master, a woman with a sizable build who was nonetheless very picky about the little things.*
Narration: *I've had a hard time dealing with large women ever since those days, but being aware of that fact doesn't mean I can fix it.*
Narration: *It's not that I dislike them on a conscious level, but whenever I see a tall woman I can't help but feel wary out of pure instinct.*
Narration: *If you ask why I'm bringing this up all of a sudden, well... that would be because I've just been reminded that there's a "large woman" at this school as well.*
Girl　B: Owwwiee! If ya do it that hard I'll bweeaaak～! I'll bweaaak!
Girl　A: Hey! Stop squirming! Sit still, already! And spare me your "bweak!" 
Narration: *Since this place is a student dormitory, it's of course only natural that a community of students would already be living here, and it's entirely probable that they have their own rules that I don't know yet.*
Narration: *Also, I'm a country hick fresh from the rural areas of Yamanashi, so it goes without saying I'm poorly versed in the customs and rituals of this land.*
Narration: *I have no way of penetrating the depths of significance that might be hiding in an action that, at a glance, looks to be a simple case of bullying.*
Yuuji: ...What game's this? What are the rules?
Girl　A: ...Huh?
Narration: *The puzzled faces staring back at me are familiar.*
Narration: *It's the little girl / big woman combo I arbitrarily named the "Cicada Sisters" when I first arrived at the school yesterday.*
Girl　A: ...Uhm... who're you?
Yuuji: Who do you think?
Girl　A: I think someone once said that answering a question with a question is proof of stupidity.
Yuuji: That so. I suppose that means I'm irredeemably stupid. Please call me "Moron Boy" as if we've been friends for ten years, Cicada Sisters.
Girl　A: ...Cicada Sisters?
Yuuji: I saw the pair of you from the gate yesterday. One of you was swinging a cicada around, and the other was shrieking, if I remember correctly.
Girl　A: Ahaha... you saw a bit of a weird side of us... well, uh... can you forget that happened?
Yuuji: Hrm, I'll see what I can do.
Amane: Ah, hey, would you be the new student transferring in today?
Yuuji: Yeah, Kazami Yuuji. Good to meet you.
Narration: *I thrust out my right hand, but the tall woman in front of me doesn't show any sign of grasping it. She's stiffened on the spot, staring fixedly at my face. It looks as though she's even forgotten to breathe.*
Yuuji: ...Something wrong?
Girl　A: Huh? Ah, right, the handshake. Sorry.
Narration: *The big woman's frozen expression suddenly melts, and she lightly shakes my hand.*
Narration: *It's an unexpectedly small, but decidedly cold hand.*
Girl　A: ...Uhm, Kazami... Yuuji...? Hmm. Yuuji-kun, huh... I see. I'm Suou Amane. Nice to meet you, Yuuji-kun.
Girl　B: ......
Amane: Come on, Makina. Aren't you going to introduce yourself?
Girl　B: ...Uu... <Why do I...>
Amane: He's not going to bite. Your name?
Makina: ...Makina... Irisu Makina.
Yuuji: Iris Machina...?
Narration: *Iris is a Greek god... and isn't Machina a Latin word? Literally translated, it would be something like "Mecha Rainbow Goddess"...*
Yuuji: What country are you from?
Amane: Ahaha, you might not guess it from the way it sounds, but it's "Iri" "Su" and "Maki" "Na," Irisu Makina. She's Japanese.
Yuuji: Wasn't she speaking English just now?
Amane: Ah, she's a bit linguistically confused. She flew around all sorts of foreign countries with her parents up until she was six years old.
Yuuji: I see. Well, good to meet you.
Makina: ......
Narration: *Staring at my outstretched hand in silence, Makina clings to Amane's back as if trying to hide herself.*
Yuuji: ...What's wrong?
Amane: Ah, sorry. This girl is pretty shy around strangers... and not really used to boys.
Amane: She spent a long time in the hospital, for one thing, and she hasn't met many guys around her age... I think she's a little confused on how to deal with you...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I withdraw the hand I'd been holding out toward Makina.*
Yuuji: There's no need to force her to "deal with me" in the first place, I guess.
Amane: It's fine, if we spoil her like that she'll never change. Come on, Makina, how about a handshake?
Makina: ...Uu...
Amane: Don't give me "Uu." Kids who can't manage a proper greeting don't get any snacks.
Narration: *...Is "don't get any snacks" supposed to be an effective threat in this day and age? ...Or so I thought―*
Narration: *But hearing those words, Makina bites her lip tightly and extends her right hand toward me with a strained expression.*
Narration: *I gently clasp her small hand and put on the "natural-looking fake smile" I learned from my master.*
Yuuji: I'm Kazami Yuuji. Good to meet you.
Makina: ...I'm... Irisu... Makina... nice to meetcha...
Narration: *Her voice is small and marked by a distinct lisp. Her hand is as tiny as her body, and it's hot like that of a child.*
Amane: See? He's not so scary, right? Let's not just say hello. How about you two talk a bit?
Makina: ...What's your favorite animal?
Yuuji: I like dogs. What about it?
Amane: Hmm, an answer before the question this time?
Yuuji: I'm not really the indecisive sort. I don't hesitate when I need to come up with an answer. Even more so when I have an important decision to make.
Yuuji: Compared to failing without even trying, I'd rather take action, even at the risk of a mistake.
Amane: Ooh, very cool! Ahahaha.
Yuuji: Are you mocking me?
Amane: Perish the thought.
Yuuji: Then why'd you laugh?
Amane: Why do you think?
Yuuji: I've heard answering a question with another question is a sign of stupidity.
Amane: Oh my, I suppose that means I'm an idiot. From now on, please call me "Moron Girl" as if we've been friends for ten years.
Yuuji: Got it, Moron Girl.
Amane: ...Ahahaha. I'm laughing now, but say that again and it won't end well.
Yuuji: What a troublesome woman...
Amane: Oh? You're leaving already?
Yuuji: I don't feel like being late on my first day.
Amane: There's still an hour until class starts, you know?
Yuuji: I'm used to waiting. I'll kill time sightseeing over there or something.
Amane: I'm not going to say that's a bad idea, but it seems a little weird.
Yuuji: I get that a lot. Well, I'll see you in class.
Amane: Ah... Yuuji-kun, wait a sec!
Yuuji: ...What?
Amane: Mind if I ask you a question as well?
Yuuji: If it's something I can answer.
Amane: ...Uhm... well...
Yuuji: ...???
Amane: Sorry, never mind...
Yuuji: If you've got something to say, spit it out. No need to hold back.
Amane: I'll ask you a little later, after I've gotten my thoughts together.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *I don't understand the thought patterns of large women.*
Narration: *My master would probably say "If you don't understand by now, you never will," but my own thoughts are more along the lines of "Even if I could understand, why bother?"*
Yuuji: ...Well then...
Narration: *Having said that to Amane, I'm confronted with the fact that there are no sights particularly worth seeing here.*
Narration: *There's easily an hour until the start of class. I've obviously woken up too early. Well, still better than being late, I guess.*
Yuuji: Might as well wait in the classroom...
Narration: *Right after I mumble those words, just as I begin walking down the hallway―*
???: Aa, Aa, Aa!
Yuuji: ...What the?
Narration: *As I'm making my way toward the classroom the principal had described yesterday, I hear something resembling a scream.*
Narration: *...No, not a scream exactly.*
???: Aa, Aa, Aa!
Yuuji: ...The hell?
Narration: *Although it doesn't seem to be an emergency situation, I'm certainly a bit concerned by this sound. It's dramatically out of place in the otherwise quiet morning schoolhouse.*
Narration: *For the time being, I decide to approach.*
???: Aa, Aa, Aa!
Narration: *When I peer inside through the hallway window, I find a single woman shouting in the direction of the blackboard.*
Narration: *Judging from the fact that she's wearing a uniform, it would seem that she's a student here like Sachi, Amane, and Makina.*
Narration: *Apparently oblivious to my presence, she continues her routine.*
???: ...Warm-up complete. Then, next up...
Narration: *After deeply inhaling,*
???: One, two - AEIUEOAOAEIUEOAOAEIUEOA
Narration: *All in one breath, she firmly lets loose a string of syllables familiar as a vocal tuning exercise.*
???: Alright, I said it in one breath. Nice work me, that is, I!
???: I, I... I'm telling you to do what I say!
???: ......
???: ...That's not it... This is no good at all...
???: Ahem...
???: I'm telling you to do what I say!!
???: ......
???: ...Yeah, that was good, I think. Moving on.
???: I-It's not like I did it for your sake or anything!
Narration: *While staring at the memo pad in her hand, she awkwardly but forcefully rattles off phrases one after the other.*
Narration: *...It seems like it'd be best to ask her what she's doing directly.*
Yuuji: This the broadcasting club?
???: Uwaaaaaahaa!!!!
Narration: *In response to my question, or more likely my entrance, the woman leaps up in shock and draws back a good three meters.*
Narration: *Desks and chairs clatter dramatically in her wake.*
Yuuji: No, I might have been hasty to assume that from the vocal exercises. The drama club seems plausible as well. You seemed to be saying some kind of lines.
???: Huh? W-Who might you... Er, who do you think you are!?
Narration: *Just as I'm getting ready to rephrase my question, the woman preempts me with her own.*
Yuuji: Me? Kazami Yuuji. I'll be transferring here as of today.
???: A t-transfer... student? H-Here...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *Nodding, I walk a few steps forward and stand in front of the woman.*
Yuuji: So, were you doing some sort of rehearsal after all? Sorry if I interrupted.
???: I'm not a-acting at all. Not at all! That's just me, that's how I am. So don't worry about i― er, no. Worry about it!
Yuuji: Which is it?
???: Forget it! Forget it already! Just sit down!
Narration: *I don't quite follow, but if I start asking questions she'll probably get even noisier, so I choose the path of least resistance.*
???: ...Stay cool, stay cool. He's a transfer student, the first impression is crucial. You can do this, Michiru...
Narration: *After I flop down on a chair, the woman mutters to herself in a low but perfectly audible voice.*
Michiru: My na... I'm Matsushima Michiru. Good to meet you.
Narration: *In contrast, she delivers her self-introduction with an artificial brightness.*
Yuuji: That so. Initials M.M., huh.
Michiru: Yeah. B-But it's not like that makes me a Massive Masochist or anything!
Yuuji: Nobody said anything remotely like that.
Michiru: Ah, sorry abou... Er, that's what you were implying!
Yuuji: Do you want to be called a masochist that badly?
Michiru: Of course not! That doesn't even make sense!
Narration: *Quite an... energetic woman.*
Narration: *She drops the subject and forges boldly on ahead.*
Michiru: Well, I do some representative-sorta stuff for this class, so if you run into any problems, you might want to request my advice.
Yuuji: What does that "sorta" mean?
Michiru: Uh, you know, because there's another class rep, so, well, stop nitpicking.
Yuuji: Fair enough.
Michiru: ...You're suspiciously understanding. Well, that's fine, but...
Narration: *The woman's voice suddenly grows quieter―*
Michiru: ...I'm asking in advance, how are you with jokes?
Yuuji: I wouldn't call myself an enthusiast.
Michiru: ...Glad I asked.
Narration: *She clears her throat affectedly.*
Michiru: Er, alright, I'll make an exception and let you call me by my first name. By all rights you should be addressing me as Matsushima-sama, but I'll grant you special permission.
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: ......
Michiru: ...Crap, did I screw up? It should have been fine according to the template. Maybe the "sama" thing was overdoing it after all? Aaaaah geez, whatever.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Let me try that agai...
Yuuji: You want me to call you Michiru, yes?
Michiru: Y-Yeah, that's good, that's fine.
Narration: *She hums to herself and nods emphatically, apparently satisfied with this result.*
Narration: *Next, she takes a colorful wafer of some sort out of a small container and crunches down on it vigorously.*
Yuuji: What are you eating?
Michiru: Huh...? Y-You can't have any!
Yuuji: Wasn't asking. I was just wondering what those were.
Michiru: I-It's just ramune candy. Not that it's any of your business!
Yuuji: That so. From the way you were showing them off, I was pretty sure you wanted me to ask.
Michiru: S-Shut up already, it's not like I was eating them for your sake or anything!
Michiru: ...Ah, that went pretty well just now? I think that was solid. Very convincing. I might just be unexpectedly good at this.
Narration: *...I got a strange sense of deja vu from her phrasing just now.*
Narration: *What was it, one of those long advertisements they put up inside trains? Since I don't ride them often, the few I've seen stand out in my memory.*
Narration: *Right, they reprinted this idiotic article from a woman's magazine about "how to make men fall for you." Purposefully treat them coldly at first, in order to create a contrast for your affection when you make your move...*
Michiru: Wh-What are you pondering about all of a sudden?
Michiru: Ermm, what was it for this situation? "I guess I can understand if you're awestruck by my beau―" Er, wait, isn't that an entirely different character? Hold on a second, uhm―
Yuuji: So you're supposed to be a tsundere?
Michiru: That's not it, that's not it at all! I mean, it is, yeah, but... Crap, why would you come out and say it!?
Narration: *Michiru covers her mouth with her left hand and staggers backward in apparent shock.*
Narration: *Her reaction is a bit puzzling, but I think I probably hit the bullseye.*
Yuuji: I see. I think I understand. You're playing a tsundere in an attempt to attract male attention, yes?
Michiru: A, agaga... gaga.
Yuuji: But there's still some points I'm not clear on. Like that hair. Why are you bleaching it?
Michiru: Th-Th-Th-Th-This is my natural color. Totally genuine!
Yuuji: Please. A genuine blond has a more natural tone, not that artificial looking gold color. I've known a few...
Michiru: Leave me alone! There weren't any better colors at the hair salon!
Michiru: Erk...!
Yuuji: That so? Next time I happen to visit America, remind me to pick you up some better hair dye.
Michiru: Ng...ggggg...
Yuuji: So as I was saying, why bleach it? And that hairstyle is a little odd too. It's not one I see that often.
Michiru: This is the way it has to be. There's nothing I can do about it...
Yuuji: The way what has to be?
Michiru: The tsundere is a cursed existence...
Narration: *Michiru begins to mumble her words under her breath as if to enumerate the curse's power.*
Michiru: ...My natural color is strong, so even if I bleach it I have to leave it in for an entire day―
Michiru: The over-the-counter stuff is rough on the skin, so I go out of my way to order online from some company in Toyohashi... Frankly, it's all a huge nuisance...
Narration: *That she has to describe the tsundere curse in the first person seems a bit strange, but pointing that out would only prolong this, so I leave it be.*
Michiru: But you've got to be blond and have twintails... otherwise, you won't be recognized as a genuine tsundere...
Michiru: But, this's what... no, this is who I am, so don't you dare deny my identityyy!!
Narration: *Michiru jabs out an index finger in my direction, and―*
Michiru: Tsundere means blond and twintails! Understood!?  No, I demand that you understand!!!
Narration: *As she runs out of breath in grand style, the curtain finally drops on Michiru's one-woman show.*
Narration: *The echoing of her ragged breathing is the only sound in the otherwise silent classroom.*
Narration: *Exactly 30 seconds pass.*
Michiru: ...Why aren't you saying anything?
Yuuji: ...It's tough being a tsundere. Got it.
Michiru: N... gguggu... ggigggggu...
Narration: *I'm not sure if that wasn't what she was looking for or if she's just lost the will to go on, but Michiru glares at me while emitting a sound reminiscent of a malfunctioning industrial machine.*
Yuuji: Anyway, let's get along, Michiru.
Michiru: I don't want to get along with you! Why don't you get along with yourself, by yourself!
Yuuji: Yeah, goes without saying. I plan to get along just fine on my own.
Michiru: That's supposed to be the part where you stutter in confusion, idiot!
Yuuji: It really isn't easy being a tsundere, is it?
Michiru: Leave me alone! Go away!
Narration: *Finally breaking down, Michiru begins flinging wastepaper, permanent markers, and anything else lying around in my direction in an attempt to drive me off.*
Yuuji: Are you crying? Sorry, my bad.
Michiru: I'm not crying, you jerk!!
Narration: *My attempt at an apology seems to only have fueled her anger, so in the end I decide a temporary withdrawal is in fact called for.*
Narration: *...Class is starting in another fifteen minutes, but it should be fine. I'll just kill some time somewhere.*
Amane: Morning.
Sachi: Good morning.
Narration: *Five minutes before the start of class. Practically the moment after I reenter the classroom, Amane and Sachi arrive.*
Narration: *The tsundere from earlier is looking at me with naked aggression, but noticing the arrival of the others―*
Michiru: Morning, Amane, Sachi.
Narration: *Resuming the performance in question, she promptly calls out to them.*
Sachi: Ah, good morning to you, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Aaaaaah!!!
Narration: *The instant her greeting is returned, Michiru runs over noisily and shakes her hands in front of Sachi.*
Sachi: Is something the matter?
Michiru: Sa-Sachi, I thought I asked you to quit it with that. The "Michiru-sama" thing, I mean!
Sachi: But, Michiru-sama said I "absolutely had to" address you this way...
Michiru: T-That was, uh, just a joke. Er, could we try to format and re-enter that data, just this once? Maybe? Please?
Narration: *Michiru, while glancing over in my direction for some reason, desperately entreats Sachi. Amane, leaning on a desk, seems to be occupied with trying to hold in her laughter.*
Sachi: B-But... I was told "absolutely," so I was only... *Sniff*...
Michiru: Aaahh, d-don't cry, don't cry. Hold on a second. T-This is an order, an order!
Sachi: Understood. I won't cry.
Narration: *The instant Michiru speaks, Sachi's tears abruptly vanish as if someone threw a switch.*
Narration: *Michiru watches her cautiously, sweating heavily.*
Michiru: Sheesh... Fine, whatever... I'm not going to force you or anything, so call me what you want...
Sachi: Certainly, Michiru-sama!
Michiru: NGaaAaaa!!
Amane: *Snort*...Hah...hehehehe...!
Narration: *Michiru staggers her way back to her seat.*
Narration: *With all the vitality of a limp rag.*
Yuuji: You feeling all right, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: ...I'll kill you.
Yuuji: Sorry, just wanted to give it a try.
Michiru: Uu...
Narration: *Michiru collapses weakly onto her desk.*
Makina: Mornin'...
Narration: *Makina's lisping voice sounds from the rear of the classroom.*
Narration: *Seems like she might not be used to my presence yet, judging from the way she beelines straight for Amane, hides herself behind her, and steals glimpses at me.*
Amane: Morning. Your shyness or terror of men or whatever continues to impress me.
Makina: Uu...
Michiru: Makina, it's alright. He might be a bit of a pain in the neck, but this guy doesn't seem like a shady character or anything.
Yuuji: Appreciate it, Michiru.
Michiru: I-It's not like I did it for your sake or anything!
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Perfect, that was absolutely perfect just now!
Yuuji: Keep up the good work.
Narration: *Apart from the large woman, this bunch seems to present quite a variety of communication difficulties.*
Yuuji: ...Nothing but fantastically normal students here, eh Principal.
Narration: *As if in response to my sarcasm, with the chiming of the opening bell,*
Principal: Good morning.
Narration: *The "perfectly normal principal" appears before my eyes.*
Yuuji: Hm, wait a second, there's only four...
Narration: *As we've arrived at the beginning of the schoolday, I notice a difference from the information I'd heard yesterday.*
Principal: Nice to see everyone... or, ah, not quite.
Narration: *Standing at the podium, the principal notices the irregularity at a glance.*
Principal: Sakaki-san... is absent today, I suppose?
Narration: *Her tone seems to be asking if anyone's familiar with the circumstances.*
Michiru: Our "executive" is probably just taking advantage of her "flexible working hours" again. As has been pretty common for her lately.
Amane: True enough, she hasn't been here much except the evenings for a while now.
Makina: What's going on with Yumi-chan...?
Sachi: I wonder if something happened...
Narration: *Apparently, I'm not the only one with questions about our lone truant.*
Principal: Oh well. I had hoped to introduce her to Kazami-kun, but I'm sure you'll run into each other eventually.
Yuuji: You're strangely tolerant.
Principal: ...There are some circumstances involved. All right, I'll be taking attendance.
Narration: *From an open window, the scent of the tide flows into the room.*
Narration: *Perhaps because of the walls and steel fences surrounding us on all sides, it's not always easy to remember that this place is in fact close to the sea.*
Narration: *In contrast to the breeze and the blue sky's intimations of freedom, the gray of those jutting fences speaks of denial and rejection.*
Narration: *While my "classmates" raise their voices energetically, I pass the time staring into that sky.*
Yuuji: School life, huh...
Sachi: This is the audiovisual classroom. All the seats are equipped with a full range of listening devices, so it's well-suited for studying languages.
Yuuji: Looks that way. I can tell from a glance that this place is well-equipped.
Narration: *Using the time after the homeroom period, I'm getting a small introduction to the school's facilities from Sachi.*
Narration: *Normally this would be the principal's job, but she seems to be occupied with official duties, so I ended up getting another tour from our class rep.*
Sachi: The library is constantly connected to an external server by a high speed line, so it's possible to quickly find and retrieve a variety of high-quality material at any time.
Sachi: Therefore, there's no stock of DVD or Blu-ray discs whatsoever.
Yuuji: Which would make checking a movie out impossible, I guess.
Sachi: That's right, Amane-san was also disappointed by that at first.
Narration: *Sachi smiles a bit wryly as she speaks.*
Narration: *Most of this stuff is probably in that pamphlet somewhere, but Sachi's explanations are comparatively to the point, clear, and easy to understand.*
Narration: *It seems she's actually quite intelligent.*
Sachi: There's also a fairly good selection of previously broadcast television programs available. If you can't find what you're looking for, you can submit an application, and if approved they'll add it to the server.
Yuuji: Hmm, looks like they weren't that sloppy on the casting after all...
Sachi: Huh? What show are you talking about?
Yuuji: The school drama currently being broadcast.
Sachi: ...?
Sachi: That concludes the tour.
Narration: *Having completed a general review of the school's facilities, Sachi's explanation comes to an end.*
Yuuji: Thanks, it was a big help.
Sachi: ...Not at all, this is my responsibility as a class rep, after all.
Yuuji: I guess so.
Sachi: More importantly, Kazami-san, are you not leaving yet?
Yuuji: Yeah. There's still a classmate I haven't met yet, after all.
Sachi: Ah... I suppose so.
Narration: *Hearing my response, Sachi's brisk tone gives way to a hesitant mumble.*
Sachi: Uhm...
Yuuji: What?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: No, it's nothing, please don't worry about it.
Narration: *After a brisk bow, she quickly runs off down the hallway.*
Yuuji: Did I trigger a death flag just now?
Narration: *I don't think there's a single person in the world who wouldn't worry after that kind of ominous foreshadowing.*
Narration: *...Well, that might be an overstatement. There are some pretty carefree people out there. I'm just not one of them.*
Yuuji: Seems like it would be best to be on my guard. Or more so than usual.
Narration: *The light flooding in through the windows has shifted from overhead to my side.*
Narration: *It won't be that long until the sun sets.*
Narration: *After parting from Sachi, I walk the empty hallway alone.*
Narration: *My surroundings are very nearly soundless, thanks to my habitually quiet footsteps.*
Narration: *However, inside the stillness, I sense a definite presence at my destination.*
Yuuji: She finally show up...?
Narration: *I hear a faint sound from the interior of the previously silent classroom.*
Narration: *With that confirmation, I slowly open the door.*
???: ...?
Narration: *The moment I enter the classroom, tension fills the air.*
Narration: *Behind a window-seat desk in the middle of the classroom, a chair rattles as its occupant turns to face me.*
Narration: *My immediate impression of the girl: she doesn't appear particularly friendly.*
Yuuji: Yo.
Narration: *While it might not be the most polite first greeting, I call out casually as I approach in order to demonstrate my lack of malicious intent.*
Yuuji: Sakaki Yumiko... right?
Narration: *Her expression doesn't change.*
Narration: *Sitting on the chair, absolutely stock-still, she stares fixedly at me.*
Yuuji: I'm Kazami Yuuji. I'm a new student here as of today.
Narration: *I come to a halt in front of her desk.*
Yuuji: So, I'll be your classmate as well, it seems.
Narration: *Pulling out a chair from the desk in front of her, I sit down.*
Narration: *At the moment, we're about a meter apart.*
???: ......
Narration: *Nonetheless, the woman stares at me so tensely that she seems to be forgetting to breathe.*
Narration: *Rather than "staring," her expression could probably be more accurately described as "glaring."*
Yuuji: I wasn't able to introduce myself in the morning. Heard you'd probably be around in the evening.
Narration: *I keep talking regardless, but no response is forthcoming.*
Narration: *Maybe she's got a psychological problem with men, like Makina?*
Narration: *But then again, she didn't try to run when I approached her.*
Yuuji: Hm...
Narration: *I change my position on the seat to face her directly.*
Narration: *Straddling the chair, I lean forward slightly.*
Narration: *The motion has closed the one meter gap between us down to about 70 centimeters.*
Yuuji: ...I'd like to at least confirm your identity...
Yuuji: Hey.
Narration: *As if to declare her refusal to acknowledge my existence, the woman stands from her seat and briskly moves to exit the classroom.*
Yuuji: How about at least responding to me...
Narration: *I follow her immediately.*
Narration: *The woman opens the classroom's rear door just enough for one person to pass, and tries to slip her way outside.*
Yuuji: Hey―
Narration: *Calling out again, I try to follow her through that gap.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh...!**
Narration: *In that moment, the woman forcefully slams the door shut.*
Narration: *She clearly closed it knowing full well I was trying to follow.*
???: ...Huh!?
Narration: *...Her expression betrays surprise.*
Narration: *Maybe she'd been expecting me to get my hand caught in the door, or back off from having it slammed in my face.*
Narration: *Instead, the door she'd attempted to slide closed is firmly held open by my hand. An outcome she apparently hadn't been prepared for.*
Yuuji: You could've broken my hand, you know that?
???: ......
Narration: *Although she's the one who was trying to shatter my fingers, she's glaring at me like I'm the bad guy here.*
Narration: *What exactly did I do to deserve this from someone I've just met?*
Yuuji: I'm just looking for an introduct...
Narration: *Opening the half-shut door, I take a step forward.*
Narration: *She doesn't back down.*
Yuuji: ...Quite the greeting.
???: ...Ah!
Narration: *I stop the motion of her hand about five centimeters before its target.*
Narration: *It isn't the most efficient block, but for the purpose of defusing her reckless hostility, an easily comprehensible action seems necessary.*
Yuuji: I was expecting something of the sort, but you favor the classic slap to the face, I see.
Narration: *Maintaining my grasp on the woman's wrist, I stare her down at short range.*
Narration: *As for the woman... she's staring right back, her eyes open wide with shock, completely still.*
Yuuji: Well then, let me ask you again.
Narration: *The strong orange glow of the evening sun illuminates the classroom.*
Yuuji: Are you Sakaki Yumiko?
Narration: *Her expression hostile as ever, the woman slowly opens her mouth.*
Narration: *With an air of slight resignation, but clearly unwavering in her refusal of any relation with me, she speaks.*
Yumiko: ...What if I am?
Yuuji: Okay. Good to meet you.
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *As the evening sun fell behind a cloud, its light dimmed, and the classroom filled with shadow.*
Narration: *With the sound of Yumiko's breath and the faint roar of the waves from beyond the walls,*
Narration: *The curtain was raised on my "normal" student life―*

JB: That's right. The local and regional government, the news bureaus, the newspapers, the magazines... You name it, they're muzzled.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *At first glance, that strikes me as an almost disproportionate level of legal force. It must have taken some serious groundwork, money, and political authority to get such a wide-scale order in place.*
Yuuji: Sorry, I think I must be missing something here. Mind if I work through this from the top...?
Yuuji: Our school's owned and administered by the "Sakaki Academy Educational Corporation." One small arm of the corporate octopus Sakaki's father controls...
Yuuji: But from what you found, the school wasn't actually built by East Beach Construction, their architectural branch. Instead, Sakaki quietly brought in the second-biggest player in the field, Nishizono Construction. Right so far?
JB: On paper, Nishizono's a rival enterprise, the East Beach Group's most ruthless competitor. But it seems they're actually fairly friendly, to the point of passing each other work under the table...
JB: Long story short, they've been in collusion for many years. Through systematic inflation of building costs, both were able to pocket a very nice cut of our generous government's construction subsidies.
Yuuji: And you were planning to use that knowledge as a shield for my otherwise unthinkable bit of demolition work.
JB: Informing both parties of the existence of the incriminatory data, we used it as a pretext for demolishing Mihama Academy...
JB: And as for the relevant societal authorities, we quietly submitted an application to bring down the building as a part of a private renovation plan.
Yuuji: Right, so this is where it stops making sense. It's one thing for East Beach or Nishizono to throw some money around to keep the press off the scent...
Yuuji: But if we're talking about a gag order from Kasumigaseki, then―
JB: Then I suppose the "general will" of the Japanese people must have determined keeping this matter quiet was in its own best interest.
Narration: *JB interrupts in a cold, flat tone of voice.*
Narration: *Her expression has changed to match. It's the face of a superior giving orders to a subordinate in the "workplace."*
Yuuji: From the sound of things, I'm going to guess you know the exact reason that decision was made.
JB: Yes, I do. But I'm afraid it's information you don't have the right to know.
Yuuji: ...I see. Understood.
JB: You're giving up fairly easy, considering you dragged me out here just to ask that question.
Yuuji: Well, you just gave me pretty much the entire answer. As much as I need to know, anyway.
JB: ...Ah.
Narration: *Apparently satisfied that I'm not going to press the matter further, JB lets the intimidating scowl drop off her face.*
JB: Well then, that's more than enough of that, I think.
Narration: *And with a casual flip of her voluminous blond hair, she's right back to normal.*
Yuuji: Uh, wasn't expecting you to move on so easily yourself.
JB: If you're not going to ask again, there's no need for me to stay on my guard.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Judging by her attitude, JB's not really interested in the conclusions I've drawn. She just wants to make it clear that I need to keep them to myself.*
JB: Also, as for Ichigaya's disposition of this incident...
JB: Officially, we have absolutely no knowledge of 9029 playing any role in this affair. You're to stand by on acting reserve status, just as before.
Yuuji: ...Affirmative.
JB: You really are well-behaved tonight. Knowing you, I was expecting a little more yapping.
Yuuji: I don't see the problem. Even if I don't know the exact details, it seems Ichigaya and I happened to have a common interest on this one.
Yuuji: Come to think of it, it wouldn't surprise me if your cooperation with this plan was authorized by someone upstairs.
JB: ...Well, I'll give you full marks for getting that close.
Narration: *With an almost amused smile, JB turns smoothly on her heel and heads for her car.*
JB: All right, I'll give you a call the next time a job comes up. Get some rest for the moment, why don't you?
JB: I'm willing to bet you barely slept while preparing that implosion of yours.
Yuuji: Right back at you. Make sure you're getting your beauty sleep, all right? Your skin's going to turn into a mess at this rate.
JB: ...Thanks so much for the advice, dear.
Narration: *Her tone taking a distinct turn for the sour, JB slips into her car, then vanishes obnoxiously into the night.*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *The details aren't clear to me, but apparently the country doesn't think too highly of what East Beach has been getting up to lately.*
Narration: *At a guess, someone probably decided they could use my plan to wreck Sakaki's pet project as something of a warning shot across his bow.*
Narration: *...I'd gone into this fully prepared to be "culled" for messing around with a major player, but my luck seems to have been astoundingly good.*
Narration: *A pet dog tries to bite his owner, only to have them protect him from the potential consequences. I guess it's not a completely unheard-of outcome, given a valuable enough mutt...*
Narration: *But even if some influential elements in Ichigaya and Kasumigaseki were on board with this, it's hard to understand how such a thorough gag order got handed down so quickly.*
Narration: *It almost seems plausible that someone was orchestrating all this from behind the scenes. Maybe that genius criminal we've supposedly got locked up in the basement?*
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Sure.
Narration: *Just because I'm drawing a blank doesn't mean I need to start drawing conclusions based off some urban legend our female employees invented for lack of anything better to talk about at lunch...*
Narration: *In any case, it seems the "country" itself is protecting me on this one. No reason to look a gift horse in the mouth.*
Yuuji: For one thing, this means I don't have to give her any new worries.
Sachi: ...Ah.
Narration: *Apparently Sachi was waiting for me to return. She trots right up the instant I enter the dorm.*
Sachi: Welcome back, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Sachi: So, uhm... is everything all right?
Yuuji: ...You're going to have to be more specific.
Sachi: In order to help me realize something very important, you did a rather extraordinary... a rather unreasonable thing tonight.
Sachi: Was Harudera-san angry?
Narration: *...She really is a sharp one.*
Narration: *My face hasn't spontaneously started displaying my thoughts in bold type, has it?*
Yuuji: Not to worry. JB was on board with this from the start.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah.
Sachi: Regardless, there's one thing I'd like you to remember.
Sachi: From this day forth, my trust in you is absolute. No matter how deep your troubles, no matter how unclear the road forward may seem, I'll always believe in you.
Yuuji: What...?
Sachi: So please, try to believe in yourself as well.
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: I can't do much else for you, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: But tonight, you said you believed in my judgment. So my trust has to count for something in your books.
Narration: *In the few hours since we stood above the ruined school, our positions seem to have completely reversed.*
Narration: *The clarity of her feelings and the force of her convictions are enough to make me tremble.*
Yuuji: Guess I did say something like that, didn't I?
Sachi: ...Yes.
Narration: *Come to think of it, this is probably the reason I was drawn to Sachi in the first place.*
Narration: *Trapped in constant hesitation, unable to find any real meaning in my existence, I wanted someone who could tell me "It's all right." Someone who could look me in the eyes and say "You can be here."*
Narration: *Someone who could see past all my lies and half-truths, and say "I believe in you" with absolute conviction...*
Narration: *―Someone like Sachi.*
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: Yes, what is it?
Yuuji: Mind if I hug you?
Narration: *Before the words are fully out of my mouth, I've wrapped my arms around Sachi's waist and pulled her small body close.*
Sachi: Wawah... I-I didn't have the chance to respond yet, but it seems I'm already being hugged rather firmly...
Yuuji: Sorry. Couldn't restrain myself.
Sachi: T-That's not fair... I can't manage to object when you put it like that...
Yuuji: Yeah, playing fair isn't my style. But since when were you the sort to get flustered over something like this?
Sachi: True, I probably... wasn't, before. But right now, my heart's thumping rather hard... See?
Narration: *Her face bright red, Sachi hugs me back, tightly pressing her chest against me.*
Narration: *True enough, her heartbeat seems to be significantly elevated. Nice to know she wasn't exaggerating for my benefit.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *At this point, I finally notice something's a little unusual here.*
Yuuji: By the way, these clothes...
Sachi: Yes... They're the same ones I wore on our previous date to the beach.
Sachi: My uniform was rather dirty, so I changed into these... Uhm, do they look good on me?
Narration: *Her voice wavering uncertainly, Sachi looks up into my eyes.*
Narration: *Just seeing her act like this is enough to hit me with a fierce kick of affection.*
Yuuji: Yeah. Incomprehensibly good. You're fabulous, kid.
Sachi: ...Grr. Somehow, I have the feeling I'm being mocked.
Yuuji: Just your imagination. You look cute, Sachi.
Sachi: V-Very well then... I suppose I'll have to believe in your words...
Narration: *As I pet Sachi's head, the expression on her face suggests her displeasure isn't quite as sincere as she'd like me to believe.*
Narration: *The girl's not exactly hard to understand. But then again, this childish simplicity is a big part of her natural charm.*
Sachi: In any case, the discussion of our temporary learning facilities is going to begin soon. But you haven't taken your bath yet, have you?
Yuuji: Yeah. I was planning to go in after you finished, but...
Sachi: Then we'd better hurry. How about it? Would you like me to come in and help?
Yuuji: ...Thanks, but I'll pass.
Sachi: How can you be so heartless, Yuu-kun? Your caring girlfriend is gallantly offering her services...
Yuuji: Because I get the feeling your "servicing" would go a little beyond washing my hair.
Sachi: That's extremely impolite. Kindly refrain from implying I'm some sort of lust-crazed slutty maid.
Yuuji: Uh, I seem to remember you "implying" the exact same...
Sachi: What's that? I can't hear you.
Yuuji: You know no shame...
Narration: *The dust literally hasn't even settled on this incident, but one thing's already become clear to me.*
Narration: *After all the time I spent floating indecisively along, I've found something like a reason to live. And without a doubt, this girl's the one who gave it to me.*
Narration: *I have Sachi now, and that's enough.*
Narration: *I have someone who believes in me, who trusts in my return, who smiles wholeheartedly at my words.*
Narration: *No matter what else I have to give up, I want to protect that.*
Narration: *She's irreplaceable to me. For her sake, if nothing else, I think I can go on.*

Date: *July 20, 2011, 10:23 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Michiru: Mmmm... Abra... cadabra... chupacabra!
Narration: *As the second recess period of the day begins, a highly suspicious ritual unfolds before my eyes.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sakaki. Our classmate seems to be using her twintails as antennas in an attempt to intercept human brainwaves.
Yumiko: ...Hardly anything out of the ordinary, is it?
Narration: *Well, maybe not, but that strikes me as a problem in its own right...*
Michiru: Come forth! Grand Genie Sachi!!
Sachi: Papara-paaa. Did you call, Michiru-sama?
Narration: *Completely indifferent to our whispers, Michiru finishes chanting her incantation. A powerful djinn promptly answers the call.*
Amane: Aah, so she's a spirit of the lamp now, huh?
Michiru: That's the idea. Thought it was about time I introduced a little variety into the way I ask Sachi for favors!
Amane: ...Is that really necessary?
Michiru: Of course it is! I spent two whole hours yesterday rehearsing to pull off that ritual perfectly, for your information!
Sachi: Although the majority of that time consisted of Michiru-sama watching an anime DVD she was using as "reference material."
Amane: Aah... you don't say.
Michiru: Okay then, Sachi. Got any face lotion lying around?
Sachi: Yes. I'm fairly sure I added some to my inventory after Amane-san's make-up lesson...
Narration: *As soon as she understands Michiru's request, Sachi trots off to her oversized storage locker in the back of the classroom.*
Sachi: Thank you for your patience. This is what you wanted, yes?
Michiru: Yep yep, thanks... Ah, right. While you're at it, have a puff or anything? You know, the ones you go puff-puff with.
Sachi: Uhm... well, yes, I suppose I do, but I'm not entirely sure they'll satisfy your requirements...
Narration: *With those words, Sachi grasps her chest with both hands.*
Michiru: ...Hmm?
Sachi: ...Puff-puff.
Michiru: Hohoh... I see. One could very well get lost between those modest but marshmallowy mammar...
Michiru: Okay, no! I'm not asking for a little of the old puff-puff! I need an actual puff! Like, one made of cotton!!
Sachi: Wah... so that's what you meant? Homonyms are troublesome things indeed.
Michiru: Uh, no... I'm pretty sure you're the only person in the world who'd have trouble with that one...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Somebody asks Sachi for a favor, leading to a subtle but bizarre misinterpretation. In the end, someone heaves an exasperated sigh.*
Narration: *This, too, is hardly anything out of the ordinary. I've seen something of the sort so many times since coming to this school that it's practically part of the scenery by now. But when you stop and think about it...*
Makina: Oho? Whatcha broodin' about, my son?
Yuuji: ...I'm not brooding. Also, I'm not your son.
Makina: But yer back looked like it was cryin', ya know?
Yuuji: Hrm. I suppose you could compare heavy sweat soaking through the back of your shirt to "crying," but I'm not currently persp―
Amane: Sorry to derail this fascinating discussion, but... Yuuji, you had your eyes on Sacchan just now, am I right?
Yuuji: I don't mind you butting into the conversation, but do me a favor and keep your tits to yourself.
Amane: Tch... I was hoping you'd be too lost in thought to put up a fight...
Yuuji: If you want to take me by surprise, you're going to need more dramatic measures. I'd recommend knocking me unconscious. Maybe sleeping pills or something of the sort.
Amane: Whoa! Hadn't even thought of that!
Narration: *...Of course, if she actually tried mixing some drug into my food, I'm confident I'd notice eight times out of ten.*
Amane: But anyway, why were you watching Sacchan?
Yuuji: Well... just thinking about how familiar that routine of hers is by now.
Amane: Mmm... yeah... I'm a little ashamed to hear you say that...
Yuuji: Why's that?
Amane: Well, you know... We've gotten a little spoiled because Sacchan's so earnest and reliable.
Amane: From a neutral perspective, it might seem like we treat her pretty terribly, right?
Yuuji: ...Hrm.
Amane: But I want you to understand that none of us mean it that way. At all.
Makina: Yeah. Person'lly, Sacchin's my favorite playmate, an' even Chiruchiru's super good buds with her.
Yuuji: ...So you're saying... that faithful servant routine's an expression of friendship, or something?
Makina: Uu? I think ya can probably tell from watchin', but Sacchin doesn't dislike it at all, ya know?
Yuuji: Well, I guess not...
Narration: *Compared to the others, Michiru tends to "request" menial gofer-style errands pretty frequently, but Sachi never shows any sign of irritation.*
Narration: *On the contrary, she often overflows with gratitude, as if being given work offers her satisfaction in itself.*
Narration: *But objectively speaking... a charitable attitude that extreme has to be considered downright "abnormal."*
Yuuji: ...Pretty interesting girl, in that sense.
Amane: Hold on a second... Yuuji, are you "interested" in―
Yuuji: I see where you're going with this, but that's not what I meant.
Amane: ...Okay then.
Narration: *But still―*
Yuuji: ...Komine Sachi, eh?
Sachi: Did you call, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: Impressive job picking up on my muttering... But no. No, I did not.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Yuuji: Sorry about that.
Sachi: Please don't concern yourself... I understand it's very common for teenage boys to mumble the name of girls who arouse their sexual interest.
Yuuji: Don't lump me together with pure-hearted youths who can find joy in a crumpled old porn mag discovered under the boardwalk.
Sachi: Very well. If you say so, Kazami-san, I won't do so again.
Yuuji: ...Right then.
Narration: *...This is strange as well.*
Narration: *When I offer a retort to some weird statement of Sachi's, she'll fully accept my rebuke, basically overwriting her previous opinion.*
Narration: *True, she often mumbles something like "Is that so?" first. But that's nothing more than a rhetorical question or request for clarification, not an attempt to argue.*
Narration: *Roughly speaking, Sachi's responses to our orders run along a fixed course from "confirmation" to "consent" and finally "implementation."*
Michiru: But, Sachi's definitely gotten a little... weirder than she was before...
Amane: Ah... You think so too, Michiru?
Michiru: I mean, c'mon. Sure, she always had her eccentric side, but... she wasn't coming to school in her underwear or anything.
Yuuji: So what brought on the change?
Michiru: What? Oh, please... don't even try to play dumb. There's only one possible answer!
Amane: ...Indeed.
Narration: *The two nod to each other, and four narrowed eyes focus on my face.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Well, counting a certain somebody who's begun to stare contemptuously in my direction without even lifting her chin from her hand, I guess it's actually six.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry, but passionate gazes aren't going to get you what you want. Try flowers and a box of chocolates.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: And of all people, it had to be a guy like this.
Amane: Seriously... That one made even me wince a little bit...
Narration: *...In short, they want to say this is my fault.*
Narration: *Then again, I am the first male student in this school. In that sense, I'm acting as a foreign element added to a relatively stable mixture.*
Narration: *Since Sachi's been forced to adjust to living in a dorm with me, I guess some changes in her behavior and attitude wouldn't be surprising.*
Yuuji: Well... I won't deny my role in this.
Makina: Oho? A pretty ad-murr-abull admission by yer standards, Onii-chan.
Yuuji: Newcomers have to keep their heads down, after all.
Yumiko: A little late for that now...
Yuuji: ...I feel like I heard a cranky spirit griping about something in the corner of the classroom, but I'm going to say I was just hearing things.
Yumiko: Wha-!?
Narration: *But precisely because I'm a newcomer, there's a specific aspect of our class representative's behavior I'm beginning to wonder about.*
Yuuji: Have to say, though... I've been here a couple months now, but I haven't seen Sachi refuse a request even once.
Amane: Ah...
Narration: *The instant I put my observation into words, Amane's eyes open wide in shock.*
Yuuji: To rephrase, it seems like Sachi's dictionary doesn't include the word "impossible." I didn't mean anything else by it...
Amane: ...Yeah, sorry. I do understand what you're trying to say, but...
Amane: Come to think of it, I wonder if Sacchan's ever turned down someone who asked her for a favor...
Yuuji: What? You haven't seen it happen either, Amane?
Amane: Yeah... I don't think I have... Hey, Makina. Have you ever seen Sacchan say "no" to someone?
Makina: Uu? Sacchin shoot someone down? Don't think so...
Makina: Mmkay then, how about you, Chiruchiru? Ya ever seen Sacchin refuse a request?
Michiru: Huh? C'mon, use some common sense. Of course I... I...
Michiru: ...Haven't.
Narration: *...Hrm. Even Michiru, who seems to have provided the largest volume of requests by a significant margin...*
Michiru: Okay then, Yumiko, what about you!? You were at this school from the start, so I'm sure you've seen it happen at least once, right!?
Yumiko: ...Komine-san came here after you. I haven't known her any longer than you have.
Michiru: Wait, so you're saying...
Yumiko: ...I've never seen it happen either.
Yuuji: ...In other words, despite living in close proximity to her for more than half a year, none of you have ever seen Sachi say no to someone?
Amane: H-Hold on a second... if that's true, isn't it kind of amazing?
Makina: It's ca-razy! Just who is this Sacchin in our midst!?
Narration: *Makina's reaction is actually pretty understandable.*
Narration: *Even if, by some chance, everyone's forgotten an occasion or two when Sachi did say no... this strong a consensus must mean she's gone along with their requests an overwhelming majority of the time.*
Narration: *Usually, you'd only expect that kind of self-sacrifice from the holy mother reincarnate... or a very well-trained soldier.*
Sachi: ...By any chance, am I the topic of this discussion?
Yuuji: Hmm, well... calling it a "discussion" might be a bit of an overstatement, but...
Makina: In summary, we've concluded that Sacchin's a slutty ho who'd spread her legs for anyone who asks!
Amane: Not even close!!
Makina: Owwch!!
Makina: Guuuh... if ya hit me that hard, liquefied brains are gonna start leakin' outta my ears, ya know...?
Yumiko: !?
Michiru: C'mon now... we've got a fraidy-cat in the room, so cut back on the gruesome!
Makina: Yeeeesh...
Yuuji: Okay, moving on. I've got one question I want to ask you, Sachi...
Sachi: And what would that be?
Yuuji: Can you remember refusing any request since you came to this school? Even one?
Sachi: Well, let's see...
Sachi: ......
Sachi: ......
Makina: Huh, what's goin' on here? Did someone flip yer power switch?
Sachi: Ah... my apologies. I was just searching my memory, but... from what I can recall, I don't believe such an event has taken place during my time here.
Michiru: So, you seriously...
Amane: Not even once, all this time...
Makina: You seriously ain't refused a single one of our gazillion demands?
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: I'm touched!! Deeply touched!! Thanks for everything you do, Sachi!!
Amane: Seriously, no kidding.
Makina: Yer a class rep among class reps, little lady!
Narration: *Michiru and the others abruptly swarm around Sachi, surprised and enthusiastic to discover such an impressive feat so close at hand.*
Narration: *They resemble nothing so much as an eccentric soccer team, mobbing a defender for scoring the come-from-behind goal in extra time.*
Sachi: ...? ...?
Narration: *On the other hand, the hero in question doesn't quite seem to understand why she's getting the star treatment all of a sudden. You can practically see the question marks floating above her head.*
Yuuji: Bit late in the game, but it seems they've finally taken note of your meritorious service, Sachi.
Sachi: My meritorious service, is it...?
Michiru: Right, right. You're actually pretty amazing, you know that?
Amane: In some ways, I think you're more of a maid than most actual maids could ever hope to be...
Sachi: Is that so...?
Michiru: I mean, c'mon. The other day, I just gave you this vague description of the cover art, and you still got me the CD I wanted.
Sachi: On that occasion, I posted on a website where you can ask many different kinds of questions. A kind individual told me the name of the album and directed me to a place I could purchase it.
Yumiko: The "Yohoo!" bag of wisdom...?
Amane: And when I mumbled about wanting to try authentic regional Koshihikari rice... you brought me some the very next day, didn't you? And it was fresh, pre-packaged stuff, too.
Sachi: Yes. It was roughly an hour and forty-five minute trip on the Joetsu bullet train... but fortunately, I was able to obtain some directly from a local farmer. His name was Kobayashi, incidentally.
Narration: *If it took an hour forty-five to get out there... we're probably talking about the Chuetsu rice-growing region. Girl must have been wandering around way out in the sticks.*
Makina: Okay, so how'dja get yer hands on that limited edition zombie game from overseas?
Sachi: I found an unopened box on the foreign auction site, E-Day.
Yumiko: You went that far...?
Sachi: Well, I suppose so, yes... but it's not as though I was doing anything particularly special myself...
Narration: *Apparently Sachi's finally caught on to the fact that she's being praised, as her cheeks have grown slightly red.*
Narration: *She did mention that Amane and Michiru haven't been complimenting her as much as they used to, so this sudden barrage of appreciation might be fairly enjoyable.*
Yuuji: ...Nothing particularly special, huh?
Narration: *True, our community is small-scale and relatively isolated from the outside world, but she's offered her help to everyone here quite literally without fail.*
Narration: *That alone would be pretty remarkable by almost any standard, but Sachi seems to be completely oblivious to this fact.*
Narration: *Of course, when you hear "never once," I think it's only human nature to feel a little interest in seeing the streak broken...*
Narration: *I guess it might go without saying, but the laundry facilities in our dormitory are pretty high-class.*
Narration: *The machines are state-of-the-art combination washer-driers. So long as you can handle pushing a button, the rest is pretty much automatic.*
Narration: *My attitude toward housework has always been indifferent at best, but these things still make my life noticeably easier...*
Narration: *For example, I'm currently heading to the third floor, secure in the knowledge I can get my laundry more or less taken care of in the time it takes my rice to cook.*
Sachi: Spin, spin, the drum spins round as the earth spins round... and as I watch, my eyes spin round... whee, yahee...
Narration: *But when I reach the top of the stairs, I find Sachi in front of the machines, singing a... "funky" avant-garde tune to herself as the laundry tumbles around inside.*
Yuuji: ...If you've lost your way in life, I'll lend an ear to your troubles.
Sachi: If anything, the most troubling problem currently facing me is attempting to decipher the meaning of your words, Kazami-san...
Yuuji: All right, then what was with the song just now?
Sachi: Ah, that's a little number called "Washing Clean the Soul ～ A Maiden's Heart Needs no Detergent." Lyrics and composition, Irisu Makina. Arrangement, Suou Amane.
Yuuji: I see. Understood.
Narration: *I'll buy that. The only people I can picture coming up with a song like that are: A. Drunken office workers lying around a train station at two-thirty in the morning, and B. Irisu Makina.*
Sachi: Incidentally, my laundry today consists of two pairs of underwear and two maid uniforms.
Yuuji: ...And you're telling me this why?
Sachi: Perhaps it was presumptuous of me... but Kazami-san, I believe I detected a distinct gleam of curiosity in your eyes...
Yuuji: Appreciate the thought, but that was your mistake.
Sachi: Ah... I do apologize. Considering your skills, I'm sure you're quite capable of determining the spinning drum's contents from a glance across the room.
Narration: *...Sachi, my friend, I'm genuinely curious. Just what kind of "skills" do you think I've been developing?*
Yuuji: Okay, let's just change the subject... Since you're up here watching your laundry, I guess you already ate dinner?
Sachi: Yes. After completing my laundry and taking a bath, I'll be about ready to end my day.
Yuuji: ...I see. A wholesome rhythm of life you've got there. Very much the model student.
Sachi: Incidentally, have you eaten as well, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: ...No, not yet. Why?
Sachi: I've heard that it's healthiest to finish your supper before nine PM.
Yuuji: Apparently it's harder to gain weight that way, yes.
Sachi: You were already aware? Knowledgeable as always, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: ...More importantly, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes? What can I do for you?
Yuuji: Can I go ahead and smack you at this point?
Sachi: Uhm... In theory, I don't dislike the rough approach, but... personally, I'd prefer if we took things a little more gently at first...
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Once again, I find myself wondering whether you're even a human being.
Sachi: That's very strange indeed. I wonder why...
Yuuji: Take a look at yourself and think about it. Specifically, what you're wearing.
Sachi: ...I'm currently in my underwear.
Yuuji: Yes. Yes, you are. Tell me, are you the type who finds sexual excitement in exposing yourself in front of other people?
Sachi: No, I am not.
Yuuji: Then why did you take off your clothes?
Sachi: Because I'm planning to take a bath in the immediate future.
Yuuji: I see... This room's right next to the grand bath. So you're trying to make efficient use of the time spent waiting for your laundry?
Sachi: You are as perceptive as always.
Narration: *That said, "efficiency" isn't really enough of a reason to justify this personal strip-show... but should I even bother trying to explain that to her?*
Sachi: Would you like to join me?
Yuuji: In what? Your flashing enthusiast club?
Sachi: No, I'm talking about the bath.
Yuuji: ...Hrm.
Narration: *Well, I believe I've just received an unambiguous invitation to take a bath with a classmate of the opposite gender.*
Narration: *But as I understand it, for men and women beyond the age of puberty, such an act requires either a financial transaction or a certain degree of pre-existing intimacy.*
Narration: *Sachi and I are merely classmates. We're not in a relationship, and we're not blood-related siblings. I want to think it's natural for me to feel a little dubious here.*
Sachi: That is to say... if it's all right with you, Kazami-san...
Yuuji: Let's see...
Yuuji: I don't find the idea particularly objectionable, but I'll pass this time.
Sachi: I see...
Yuuji: For one thing, I'm currently in the middle of making dinner.
Sachi: Very impressive! So you scheduled this visit in order to make doubly efficient use of your time?
Yuuji: Well, yeah, more or less.
Narration: *For another thing, I have a feeling it'd be difficult to make up an excuse if one of the others walked in on us.*
Sachi: In that case, let's postpone until a more opportune moment presents itself.
Yuuji: Yeah, sounds about right. Enjoy the bath.
Sachi: Certainly. Please do enjoy your meal as well, Kazami-san. I'm sure visions of my naked body will add a pleasant spice to your food.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Maybe a smack upside the head would've been best after all?*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...Looks like it's about time.
Narration: *After quickly double-checking the clock on the wall, I leave my room.*
Narration: *When I reach the third floor, I find the laundry room empty.*
Narration: *Of course, since there's only six boarders in this dormitory, that's hardly unusual in itself. But...*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *As I bend forward to retrieve my dried laundry, I notice something slightly odd about this picture.*
Yuuji: Sachi left her laundry in the machine...?
Narration: *These machines take approximately 70 minutes to wash and dry a load of clothing.*
Narration: *When Sachi headed off to take her bath, the display on her machine read somewhere around 15 minutes. In other words, it's been sitting here ready for nearly an hour.*
Narration: *My master once told me "young women love their long-ass baths," but 70 minutes is a little much. And it's hard to believe Sachi would have returned without taking her laundry, especially since we were just talking about "efficiency."*
Narration: *Above all else, I don't think I've ever seen her leave a job so sloppily unfinished before. Something feels wrong about this.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Even if Sachi really is just taking a long soak, it shouldn't be a problem if I call out to her through the door.
Narration: *When I make my way into the changing room, Sachi's slippers quickly catch my eye.*
Narration: *Hard to picture her wandering off barefoot for no good reason, which would mean...*
Yuuji: ...Sachi, it's me. Are you in there?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I try calling out from near the door, but there's no response.*
Narration: *I can't make out the sound of running water, either, so it doesn't seem like she's in the middle of a shower.*
Yuuji: In that case, I think immediate action's called for...
Yuuji: Sachi! If you're in here, respond!
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *This time, I shout Sachi's name loudly, but there's still nothing that sounds like a reply.*
Yuuji: Hm? What's that...?
Narration: *But when I give the room a careful survey, I notice a small head poking out of the water next to the far window.*
Sachi: 2405... 24... 2407...
Narration: *...And she's mumbling quietly to herself... counting something?*
Narration: *Puzzled, I approach Sachi along the edge of the bath. A few meters away, I finally notice that her eyes aren't open.*
Yuuji: Sachi!?
Narration: *The instant I understand that Sachi's muttering deliriously, I reach into the warm water and pull her out of the bath.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... 2-2412... 2413...
Narration: *Her expression blank and vacant, Sachi continues to mumble a string of numbers.*
Narration: *From the symptoms, it seems fairly clear that she fainted from overly long exposure to this sauna-like temperature.*
Yuuji: I think an emergency rest and recovery period's in order...
Narration: *With that decided, I haul Sachi's naked body out of the bathroom, then carefully carry her down the stairs to the second floor.*
Yuuji: ...Excuse me, coming in.
Narration: *In consideration to the room's owner, I give approximately half a second of advance notice before barging in. Not waiting for permission, I set Sachi down on the bed.*
Amane: Wha... Yuuji? Wha― You brought a woman!? And she's naked!?
Yuuji: Sorry, but there's no time to argue right now. Could you get me a bag of ice and a washbowl? Sooner rather than later.
Amane: A bag of ice and a...?
Amane: R-Right! Got it!!
Narration: *Quickly grasping the nature of the situation, Amane runs off to the bathroom without any further questions.*
Narration: *Seems bringing Sachi to this room in particular was the right call.*
Sachi: ...*Zzz*... *Zzzz*...
Narration: *About fifteen minutes after I brought her to Amane's room, Sachi's breathing settles into the soft, regular rhythm of sleep.*
Amane: I think I roughly understand the situation, but... would you be so kind as to give me a quick explanation of what happened here?
Yuuji: Long story short, Sachi fainted in the grand bath, and I found her there.
Amane: And then you carried her to my room?
Yuuji: Yeah. I figured you'd be the most reliable by far in this sort of situation.
Amane: Darn. When you feed me a line like that all casually, I can't even get angry...
Makina: Sacchin, ya can't dieeeeee! Don't go to th' lightttt!!
Amane: Makina! She's not feeling well, so keep it down!!
Makina: Yus...
Narration: *Apparently even Makina can realize that it's not an appropriate time for the usual song and dance. She accepts Amane's warning and quietly plops herself down at Sachi's bedside.*
Makina: So... what stage is Sacchin's scirrhous car-cee-noma?
Yuuji: She doesn't have cancer. She just got light-headed from staying in the bath too long.
Makina: Feeew. That's a load off my mind...
Amane: But she's never done anything like this before... why now, all of a sudden...?
Yuuji: She seemed to be counting something in there. I'd expect someone put a strange idea in her head... Probably Michiru, or...
Makina: Gulp.
Amane: ......
Amane: Hey there, Makina... did you perhaps say something to Sacchan?
Makina: N-Nuhuh...
Amane: But just now... you gulped, didn't you?
Makina: Uuu...
Makina: T-Truth is... durin' lunch today, we were talkin' about becomin' women who can count to 10,000 in a hot bath...
Amane: ...Haaah.
Narration: *As the circumstances come to light, Amane heaves a heavy sigh.*
Narration: *It's pretty clear that Sachi took Makina's hyperbole 100% literally and interpreted it as a mandatory new part of her bathing routine.*
Amane: I mean, where did this weird endurance test of yours even come from...?
Makina: On th' teevee yesterday, they were goin' on about how "modern kids are weak-willed wimps who can't even count to 100 in the bath," an' all that...
Makina: I sorta had this nasty vision of my first boss in th' real world mutterin' "worthless slacker generation..." while stubbin' out his cigarette in an ashtray, ya know?
Amane: Mmm, not a bad frame of mind, but... you do know how Sacchan thinks, right?
Makina: I'm really sorry, ya know...
Narration: *Since she actually offered a halfway sincere-sounding apology for once, Makina seems to be feeling something surprisingly close to genuine remorse. A rare sight indeed.*
Sachi: Uh... uuunhh...
Narration: *At some point during this exchange, Sachi opened her eyes ever so slightly.*
Sachi: ...2414... 2415...
Narration: *In the next instant, she picks up the count exactly where she left off, like some sort of human time bomb.*
Amane: C'mon Makina, hurry up and reset her!
Makina: G-Gotcha!
Makina: Listen up, Sacchin! Ya don't have ta count to 10,000 every single time you take a bath!
Sachi: ...R-Really...?
Amane: Uh, forget "every single time." You don't have to do that at all. It's just a bath... Come out when you feel like it, okay?
Sachi: C-Certainly...
Narration: *As soon as the words are out of her mouth, Sachi's eyes fall shut, and her body goes totally limp.*
Amane: Phew... Right, I think we're okay for the time being...
Yuuji: So, you think that's going to be enough to keep this from happening again?
Amane: I can't say that with absolute certainty, but... it's gotten us through plenty of similar problems before.
Yuuji: In that case, couldn't you have done something about the way she addresses Michiru...? 
Amane: Aah... that's kind of a special case. Michiru's tried countless times to take it back, but Sacchan just won't budge an inch.
Makina: It's Chiruchiru's own stupid fault fer goin' on and on about an "absolute command" an' "for all eternity" and all that.
Yuuji: ...I see. So she made an over-aggressive attempt at impressing Sachi with her character right off the bat, and it backfired spectacularly.
Makina: Hoisted on her own pee-tarred, fer sure.
Amane: Well... Sacchan's diligence is a good thing... but it'd be nice if she could be a little more flexible every once in a while.
Makina: Sacchin's fine just th' way she is! That over-serious an' ditzy combo is hella adorable!
Yuuji: ...Hrm.
Narration: *Somehow, "a diligent personality" doesn't feel quite sufficient as an explanation for all this...*
Amane: All right then, Makina. Let's make some new ice while she's resting.
Makina: Roger, cap'n!
Narration: *Energetic as always, Makina patters off to the kitchen ahead of Amane.*
Makina: By th' way, I hear water that's been boiled before turns into ice faster, ya know?
Amane: Oh, right. The "Mpemba effect" or whatever, isn't it?
Narration: *Well then, Sachi's...*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *I turn back to the bed to find the maid in question has regained consciousness.*
Sachi: Kazami-san... is standing... before my eyes...
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm Kazami Yuuji. But more importantly, are you Komine Sachi?
Sachi: Yes. My name is Komine Sachi.
Narration: *...Hrm, seems that she's recovered enough of her wits to offer coherent responses.*
Sachi: And... why am I here, exactly...?
Yuuji: You lost consciousness in the grand bath. I found you there and brought you to Amane's room for treatment.
Sachi: Is that so...? I do apologize for causing you such trouble...
Yuuji: Well, it wasn't much of an inconvenience, really... Wouldn't even qualify as "trouble," in my book.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Narration: *My attempt at downplaying the incident seems to have been appropriate, as Sachi smiles in evident relief.*
Sachi: It seems... I've fainted in front of you again...
Yuuji: ...Yeah, so it seems.
Narration: *I answer Sachi's statement with an artificial attempt at a reassuring smile.*
Narration: *Since I'm talking to a dazed invalid, I decided to play along, but I don't remember this ever happening before. I'm not sure where the "again" is coming from.*
Narration: *She must still be pretty out of it, I guess.*
Makina: Oh, ya woke up, Sacchin?
Sachi: Yeah... it seems I caused you trouble as well, Maki-chan... I'm sorry.
Makina: Nope! It's my fault for sayin' weird stuff, ya know? You didn't do anythin' bad, Sacchin!
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Sachi's expression grows thoughtful. She seems to be thinking back on the incident and attempting to analyze her behavior.*
Yuuji: Don't try to think too hard right now. Makina's admitting she's to blame here, so let's leave it at that.
Sachi: Yes... certainly...
Makina: So... how're ya feelin'?
Sachi: I'm okay... A little dazed, that's all... I'll be fine.
Makina: Okay, get better soon so ya can give me a good spankin', all right? I'll be waitin'.
Sachi: Yeah... all right...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Sachi answers Makina with a gentle smile, but by the end of the conversation I can see fine beads of sweat running down her face.*
Yuuji: Okay, that's enough talk for now. Take it easy for a while.
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *With that short response, Sachi closes her eyes to sleep once more.*
Yuuji: Hey there, Makina.
Makina: Uu?
Yuuji: Sorry, but can you watch over Sachi for the rest of the day?
Makina: Heck yeah. I've read lotsa books about doctors, ya know? I can handle anythin' from a polyp ecks-sission right up to a triple bypass with ease!
Yuuji: ...How very reassuring.
Amane: Not to worry, I'll be here as well.
Yuuji: Sorry. Kind of feels like I'm pushing all the hassle onto you.
Amane: Don't worry, it's fine. After all, we can't exactly have a young man looking after a sick, vulnerable girl, right?
Yuuji: You're quick on the uptake. I like that about you.
Amane: As compensation... next time I get sick, maybe I'll make you nurse me back to health all day long, hmm?
Narration: *...Has this woman already forgotten the words she literally just said? Or has she simply decided the rules don't apply to her?*
Yuuji: ...I'll see what I can do about that.
Amane: Heh heh heh...
Narration: *Smirking in a way more befitting a dirty old man than a young woman, Amane saunters back to the kitchen.*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *All well and good that I got my classmate through her little crisis unscathed, but that achievement seems to have come at a considerable price...*

Date: *July 21, 2011, 07:58 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *It's pretty common to hear something or other described as a "microcosm of society."*
Narration: *In particular, "school" is a highly popular choice. It's practically a cliche that you can judge the health of a country by the condition of its classrooms.*
Narration: *Declining academic performance, drug abuse, all the way up to violent juvenile crime... You can interpret pretty much any schoolyard problem as a reflection of "societal decay" if you want to.*
Narration: *But even as someone who tends to look on such arguments with skepticism, it's clear to me that the malign influence of our national slide into depravity has begun to rear its ugly head in this isolated academy of ours.*
Sachi: Whack!
Makina: Hyan!
Sachi: That's right, yelp for me. Enjoying this, aren't you? Squeal for your classmate like the dirty sow you are.
Makina: Nhyaa! Aaahn!
Makina: Haa... haa... that ice-cold tone... these firm smacks on the bum... Yer gonna make me into a naughty girl...
Narration: *First thing in the morning, a completely random S&M show is unfolding before my eyes. One can only grieve for the future of our nation.*
Narration: *Curious to see how the others are reacting to this shameful display, I look around the classroom, to find...*
Michiru: .........
Narration: *A grimacing observer, her face all but saying "Gaaah... I thought those two were getting into some weird territory lately, but this is taking things to a whole new level of awkward..."*
Amane: Hmmhmhmmm, hmmm♪
Narration: *A casual observer, humming to herself as she prepares for class, who glances over briefly with an expression that reads "Ah, so that's today's game?"*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *And finally, an observer who feigns total disinterest even as she peeps past the book in front of her to take in every moment of the show. An intriguing, colorful range of variation.*
Yuuji: Perhaps one could interpret this as... necessary stimulation to a stagnant group dynamic?
Michiru: Don't be friggin' ridiculous! What kind of school would let a freakshow like this go on in the classroom!?!
Yuuji: Well―
Michiru: "The one we're standing in," yes, very funny! Joke time is now over! Got the message? Hurry up and stop them!
Yuuji: ...Grm.
Narration: *Pushed forward by Michiru, I reluctantly initiate an intervention with the pair of girls on the teacher's platform.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi, mind explaining this?
Sachi: Certainly. I'm currently giving Maki-chan a good spanking.
Yuuji: Yes, I can see that. I'm asking you why you felt the need to do so.
Sachi: Ah, that would be because Maki-chan asked me for one.
Yuuji: Makina asked for this?
Sachi: That's correct. She requested it specifically last night, you see.
Yuuji: ...Ah.
Narration: *Right, when Sachi came to her senses in Amane's room...*
Makina: Okay, get better soon so ya can give me a good spankin', all right? I'll be waitin'.
Sachi: Yeah... all right...
Narration: *And Sachi's not really capable of recognizing that as a joke.*
Yuuji: I had an ominous premonition the moment I heard that sentence, but... you really did go through with it. In public, even...
Sachi: Yes. I made a promise, after all.
Narration: *Maybe it felt that way to Sachi, but somehow I doubt Makina was taking it quite that seriously.*
Makina: But just a plain ol' spankin' would be kinda boring, so... I made up a lil' plot and turned it into a bit of a roleplayin' game, ya know?
Yuuji: A plot?
Makina: That's right. We're a couple that's been livin' together for a year an' had been fallin' into a rut... before gettin' totally hooked on soft-S&M!
Yumiko: Soft-S&M...?
Yuuji: Pipe down, peanut gallery. If you're interested, look it up on the Internet in your own time.
Yumiko: I-I most certainly will NOT!!
Narration: *...A denial this unconvincing is a rare thing in its own right.*
Michiru: Hey, slow down. What's all this about a "promise" last night...? Did something happen?
Yuuji: It'd take a while to explain it in full... but I'm sure a wise young woman like yourself would already have a rough idea of what occurred, right?
Michiru: Hweh? Uh, yeah... For sure. I mean, it's me we're talking about here! Of course I do! 
Amane: ...So easy to handle.
Sachi: Very impressive, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: ...I-Is it? Am I really that amazing?
Sachi: Yes. In a bad way!
Michiru: In a bad way! Uh... wait, are you actually complimenting me here, or what...?
Sachi: I said you're "amazing," did I not? For better or worse, I believe you're an exceptional individual.
Michiru: O-Ooh... now I get it...
Amane: Well, she's not lying... I guess.
Yumiko: If you say so...
Michiru: Hehe... teheheh... Even when I'm not trying, my brilliance oozes out in great gooey globs of genius! Keep it up, me!
Amane: Yeah... I think "amazing" might be a good word to describe this aspect of Michiru...
Yumiko: If you say so...
Yuuji: ...Well, to get back to the point, I can't say I approve of putting on an early-morning soft-S&M show in the classroom.
Makina: Uu? So if we do it at night with th' lights turned off, it's all good?
Yuuji: Your choice of lighting isn't the problem here.
Amane: First and foremost, that's not the sort of thing you do brazenly in school, now is it? 
Yuuji: Actually, depending on the scenario and your personal quirks―
Amane: ...You're going to make this a lot more complicated than it needs to be, so let's skip that particular discussion.
Yuuji: Understood.
Amane: In summary, that game is off-limits from now on!
Makina: Uuugh... my mind understands, but my heart jus' can't accept this. What a complicated feelin'... Is this the bittersweet taste of fer-biddin love?
Amane: You too, Sacchan. Let's call an end to the spanking session, all right?
Sachi: Certainly.
Narration: *As Amane drags Makina away by the scruff of her neck, Sachi heads obediently back to her seat, a satisfied expression on her face.*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Makina's clearly responsible for turning her spanking into some kind of public humiliation show, but I'm pretty sure Sachi was the one who brought up the topic in the first place.*
Narration: *Dutifully remembering a "favor" that otherwise might well have been forgotten, she proactively carried it out with genuine enthusiasm...*
Narration: *On the abstract level, Sachi sounds like a model class representative. But when you consider the specific details, it's hard to shake the feeling that something stranger is lurking behind her behavior.*
Yuuji: Might be worth seeing what the "higher-ups" have to say about this.
Narration: *After polishing off my simple lunch of home-made rice balls, I head to the principal's office.*
Yuuji: ...Having a productive day? Did your wagashi cakes complement the tea?
Principal: Today was jelly roll day.♪
Narration: *Since she answered my valiant attempt at small talk with a smile, Chizuru seems to be reasonably receptive to my sudden visit.*
Principal: Well then... what do you want from me? I assume you didn't come all the way over here just to give me sass?
Yuuji: Right. I've got a question for you as the principal of this academy, Chizuru.
Principal: ...What would that be?
Yuuji: I want to ask you something about our class representative. Komine Sachi, that is.
Principal: That's clear enough, but... have to admit, I'm a little surprised you'd ask about Komine-san.
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
Principal: It doesn't mean anything, really. Just my honest thoughts.
Yuuji: ...All right then.
Principal: So... why ask about Komine-san all of a sudden?
Yuuji: We had a bit of an incident yesterday. Sachi stayed in a hot bath long enough that she actually fainted.
Principal: ......
Yuuji: And that was instigated by nothing more than an off-hand comment from Makina about "counting to 10,000 in the bath."
Principal: ...I see.
Yuuji: You don't seem particularly surprised... Is this sort of behavior a recent development, or have you seen something of the sort before? 
Principal: Let's see...
Principal: Nothing too bad ever came of it... but there have been several occasions where she gave me a real fright.
Principal: I suppose the single biggest shock would be the time she tried to wash the outer wall of the school building during our end-of-term clean-up... by dangling from the roof on a single rope...
Narration: *Come to think of it, I remember someone telling me about that one.*
Yuuji: ...Nothing serious came of that?
Principal: Fortunately, no. Once I shouted that we had contractors coming to take care of that, she pulled herself right back up and came inside.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Despite all the strange ideas she gets in her head, it does seem that Sachi consistently listens to reason. That's a silver lining, to be sure...*
Principal: Well then, now that you've asked me this... what are you planning to do about it?
Yuuji: At the moment, I don't intend to "do" anything in particular.
Yuuji: If anything, I suppose my short-term objective was just to confirm how much the principal of this school really knows about her pupils.
Principal: ...Ah, is that what this is about? Well, I don't think you need to be too concerned about that. 
Yuuji: I don't?
Principal: Nope...
Principal: After all, you're talking to a person who managed to get in touch with you after nothing more than a single meeting on the "job," aren't you?
Yuuji: ...True enough.
Narration: *Somehow or other, the woman I'm speaking with has been entrusted with control of Mihama Academy as an organization.*
Narration: *I suppose it's only natural that she'd be thoroughly familiar with the quirks of the handful of students under her supervision.*
Principal: Are you convinced that I'm not utterly clueless now?
Yuuji: Yeah. I've once again realized that you're a fine woman.
Principal: ...Heheh. How very nice to hear.
Narration: *Smoothly switching her crossed legs, Chizuru offers me a prototypical composed older woman's smile.*
Principal: But anyway, since you did go out of your way to come ask me...
Principal: If you're curious about Komine-san, I'm willing to disclose the extent of what I know.
Yuuji: ...No, that won't be necessary.
Principal: Why not? Learning more about her would only make your life here easier, don't you think?
Yuuji: Probably true, but this isn't a job, and I don't have any pressing need to know.
Yuuji: And there aren't many people who go asking a "teacher" for information on a classmate, are there?
Principal: Hehehe... a classmate, huh?
Yuuji: Look, it still feels kind of awkward, but I'm making a conscious effort to talk about these things like a normal student. Try not to laugh.
Principal: You're right. Sorry about that.
Principal: But in any case, I think talking yourself into it like that... isn't a bad approach at all.
Yuuji: ...Hope you're right.
Narration: *In between stretches of peace, I plunge into the extraordinary. In between periods where I devote my attention to my "part-time job," I return to the ordinary.*
Narration: *As that ratio has slowly shifted, I've developed a persistent, nagging discomfort with myself.*
Narration: *And there's a part of me that doesn't even want that to change. A part of me that's uneasy about getting too used to this.*
Principal: ...Not to repeat myself, but now that you've become a student here, I don't expect anything specific of you.
Principal: Live as a normal student, exactly as you please... exactly as you'd hoped. Enjoy your life here. That'll be enough to satisfy me.
Yuuji: If you actually mean that, you've got pretty eccentric taste in entertainment.
Principal: I think you'll understand when you get to be my age, but... once you get your hands on some money and status, finding new ways to relax gets to be quite a challenge.
Yuuji: ...Judging from the steadily increasing quantity of knick-knacks in this office, I guess I can believe it.
Principal: C-Come on, there aren't as many as all that.
Narration: *Even as she speaks, the principal stealthily palms a few desk toys and drops them into a drawer. This instinctive sneakiness might have something to do with how she clawed her way up the ladder.*
Yuuji: All right, I think it's about time I headed back.
Principal: ...Yes, I suppose so. Well, do try to make good use of your own free time, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: I've already eaten lunch, if that's what you're worried about.
Principal: I'm not talking about your lunch periods in particular, but rather your free time in general.
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
Principal: ...It means that I'm not the only one who could use a little relaxation every once in a while. 
Narration: *The principal winks suggestively as she speaks.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, I don't quite follow. What does the woman want me to do...?*
Yuuji: True enough. In that case, I'll kill some time trying to guess your age, Chizuru.
Principal: Huh? Hey...
Principal: I'm definitely younger than you're thinking! Guaranteed!!
Yuuji: ...I retract any previous compliments I may have given you.
Narration: *When I return to the classroom, Sachi's eating her lunch by herself.*
Sachi: *Mnch*... Mmn.
Narration: *For once, she's actually spread out a proper lunch box. A rare sight indeed. From what I've seen, Sachi almost always goes for light, efficient meals.*
Yuuji: A lunch box today, huh?
Sachi: Ah... yes. I had some leftovers from breakfast that I didn't want to go to waste.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *For a leftovers lunch, it's a pretty decent spread. At a glance, she's got an omelette with vienna sausages, mini-tomatoes, and broccoli. A colorful and well-balanced assortment.*
Narration: *Doesn't exactly have the "master housewife" impression of an Amane meal, but it's fair to call it a nicely-made lunch.*
Yuuji: You did cook at Michiru's request the other day, come to think of it... Are you actually something of a chef? 
Sachi: I wouldn't say that... I can't begin to compare to the likes of Amane-san. At most, I suppose I can manage respectably when given a clear example to work from.
Narration: *As if to demonstrate, Sachi pulls a cookbook out of her desk and flips it open to a photograph of an omelette. It's strikingly similar to the one in her lunch box.*
Yuuji: No need to be modest. Making it look exactly like the book is impressive in its own right.
Sachi: T-Thank you very much...
Sachi: Incidentally... were you able to clear your name in regard to sneaking into the music room and playing Amane-san's flute?
Yuuji: ...What?
Sachi: When a male student heads off for a secretive one-on-one meeting with the principal, I believe the topic of discussion is usually something along those lines, yes?
Yuuji: What is it with you, Sachi...? Your thoughts always run off in these... unique directions...
Sachi: T-That's a rather mixed evaluation...
Narration: *In the first place, why would I be after Amane's spit?*
Sachi: Am... mmn...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Once the conversation comes to a pause, Sachi smoothly returns to her lunch, carrying food to her mouth with the regular rhythm of a workman on an assembly line.*
Narration: *As I'm watching her oddly mechanical behavior, the principal's words flit across my mind.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Sachi.
Sachi: Yefh... whaf han I do foh you?
Yuuji: First of all, you can chew and swallow what you've got in your mouth before trying to talk.
Sachi: Fehrtainly...
Narration: *With a small nod, Sachi wholeheartedly devotes her attention to mastication for a few moments.*
Sachi: Thank you for your patience.
Sachi: Was there something you wanted to discuss, Kazami-san...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah. I was wondering if you have some sort of regular method of letting off steam. You know, managing your stress.
Sachi: Stress relief, is it...? Unfortunately, I don't think I can be of much help in such matters.
Yuuji: Why not?
Sachi: Well, because... I can't say I've felt anything like "stress" since entering this school.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *That's honestly pretty hard to swallow. But judging from Sachi's expression, I don't think she's outright lying to me.*
Narration: *They do say that in America, where they don't really have the concept of "stiff shoulders," nobody complains of the symptoms... Maybe this is a similar case?*
Sachi: That being the case, I think it might be better to bring your inquiry to Michiru-sama.
Yuuji: So, what... does Michiru have some daily stress relief method?
Sachi: I believe she does. For example, just the other day...
???: ...Sachi... Sachi, Sachi!
Sachi: Ah, Michiru-sama... Why are you hiding behind the sofa like that?
Michiru: Shh! Mum's the word! Keep quiet and follow me to my room!
Sachi: *Nod*...
Michiru: Okay... so far, so good. Doesn't look like we were spotted.
Sachi: ......
Michiru: Sorry for dragging you along all of a sudden, Sachi.
Sachi: ......
Michiru: ...Hm? Why aren't you saying anything? Is this some sort of religious thing?
Sachi: *Shake* *Shake*...
Michiru: Then why... Oh, I get it. You don't have to keep quiet anymore. 
Sachi: Understood.
Michiru: Seriously...?
Sachi: Well then, did you need me for something?
Michiru: Ah, yeah... Okay, uh, if you've got a decently sized stuffed animal lying around that you don't mind giving up, I could really use one.
Sachi: Uhm... if you don't need any specific variety, I have a few...
Michiru: That's my Sachi. Okay then, pick one out and bring it over.
Sachi: Certainly.
Sachi: Personally, this bunny rabbit would be my recommendation...
Michiru: Yeah... that's a cute one. Oh, also, do you have a magic marker or anything?
Sachi: Yes. Here you are...
Michiru: Thanks. Okay, so now... I just need to write on his forehead...
Michiru: Y-u-u-j-i... Okay, perfect.
Sachi: I see. You plan to snuggle up to your stuffed animal "Kazami-san" and envelop yourself in illusory warmth?
Michiru: T-That's not it at all! T-This thing is... Yeah, it's a sandbag, okay!?
Sachi: A sandbag?
Michiru: T-That's right. I'm going to picture this stuffed animal as Yuuji and beat the heck out of it! Until I'm ready to hit him where it hurts at any time! It'll help with my stress too!
Michiru: Nuwhey! Ooway-ahey!!
Sachi: Is that so...
Sachi: I believe it went something like that.
Yuuji: The hell's wrong with that bottle-blond...?
Sachi: Well, if you'd like to return the favor, I could provide you with a matching bunny rabbit.
Yuuji: ...No, that won't be necessary.
Sachi: I see...
Narration: *Although it's a little sad to say this myself... dropping a fancy stuffed animal in the middle of that dreary room of mine would be painfully awkward.*
Narration: *...And the idea of having a matching set of anything with Michiru is somehow even less appealing.*
Yuuji: Anyway, something came to mind while I was listening to all this... If you really don't relax, what do you do with your free time?
Sachi: Uhm... fundamentally, I try not to leave myself much in the way of "free time."
Yuuji: In other words... you're like a shark? Always moving even when at rest?
Sachi: No, I rest in my bed in the typical manner of a modern human being... I think it would likely be easier to understand through observation rather than explanation.
Yuuji: Well, probably so.
Sachi: I'm entirely willing to demonstrate as early as today, if you're interested...
Yuuji: So, what? You telling me to follow you around from morning to night?
Sachi: I think it would be after school until bedtime, but more or less.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *From what I understand, Sachi's proposal isn't problematic in terms of the school's rules, but...*
Narration: *I'm a little hesitant to peep into her private life out of mere curiosity.*
Sachi: I don't mind in the slightest.
Narration: *...Read my mind, huh?*
Yuuji: All right, how about after class ends tomorrow?
Sachi: Certainly. In that case, I'll make sure to clean myself thoroughly in preparation.
Yuuji: What are you preparing for, exactly...?
Yuuji: After school tomorrow, huh...
Narration: *Things have taken a somewhat strange turn, but I can't deny I've gotten slightly curious about Sachi's way of life. Should be an... interesting experience, if nothing else.*
Yuuji: Hm?
Narration: *A distinctive droning sound, strikingly out of place in this quiet coastal town... Guess I've got a visitor.*
Narration: *As expected, when I head out to the school gate, a genuine blond emerges from the interior of her "prancing horse."*
JB: Hiiii, Yuuji. How's kicks?
Yuuji: Not bad as of three minutes ago. Unfortunately, my mood just now took a nosedive.
JB: Oh, c'mooon... Is that really the first thing you say to a woman who's bravely sallied forth to see you on her own initiative?
Yuuji: If I was really dealing with a "woman," maybe I'd be a little more careful with my words... but I was taught to be frank and to the point with my "superiors."
JB: Geez. As always, you can't take a joke for what it is...
Yuuji: It's your fault for putting on that ridiculous marble-mouthed airhead act in the first place.
JB: ...Well, I do know that you have a hard time with women like this, yes.
Narration: *...Which makes the way you always pretend to be one downright sadistic.*
Yuuji: So, what's with the sudden visit? Some urgent business come up?
JB: No. Today, I'm here for a little progress check. As Kazami Yuuji's guardian, you see.
Yuuji: ...What, work not keeping you busy these days?
JB: In a manner of speaking, this is work.
Yuuji: Fine, we'll leave it at that.
JB: So, experiencing any difficulties? The facilities adequate? Your money situation okay? Any stiiicky problems you just can't talk about with the girls in your class...?
Yuuji: The hell? What if I tell you I can't control my libido anymore? You going to take care of that for me?
JB: Well, sure. By giving you so much work that you're too exhausted to feel horny.
Yuuji: ...Sorry, my bad.
JB: Yes, indeed it was. Make sure to answer your big sister's questions seriously the first time.
Yuuji: ...I'll see what I can do.
JB: And? Seriously, how are you doing here?
Yuuji: Seriously, I've got exactly no problems worth mentioning. This place is almost comically well-equipped, and my "allowance" is more than enough for my everyday needs.
JB: ...I see. That's good, then.
Yuuji: You satisfied now?
JB: Well, it's not like I was particularly worried in the first place. I know you'd contact me if necessary.
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right.
JB: Okay then... anything else you want to talk about?
Yuuji: What's "anything else" supposed to mean?
JB: For example... the neighborhood dog's gone missing, or there's someone in your class you're interested in... Whatever you've been thinking about lately.
Yuuji: Sorry, but what do you care?
JB: No need to overthink this. I'd just like to hear what's on your mind at the moment.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *After all these years, JB probably knows me better than anyone else alive. I don't think she'd ask me this question for no reason whatsoever.*
Yuuji: ...All right then, let me ask your opinion on something.
JB: Shoot.
Yuuji: What would you think about someone who's never refused anyone's orders, even once? Or turned down a request, for that matter.
JB: Uhm... are we talking about some sort of submission fetish here?
Yuuji: No. No, we are not. I'm asking for your thoughts as my superior on this one.
JB: Let's see...
Narration: *JB slowly brings her hand to her chin. In the next instant, her eyes grow sharp and serious.*
Narration: *It's a familiar sight. I guess you could call it her "business" face... When JB switches into work mode, she has a habit of putting that expression on like a suit of armor.*
JB: If someone like that exists... my first thought would be that some sort of "training" was involved.
Yuuji: ...Thought as much.
Yuuji: There's more. The person in question doesn't seem to experience any stress in their daily life.
JB: That's... quite enviable, if true.
Yuuji: I'm with you there.
JB: But I also think it's entirely possible they're simply not aware of their stress, or somehow refusing to acknowledge it. Quite likely, it's all accumulating somewhere deep inside.
JB: Even a casual gesture like scratching your head is a manifestation of stress. It's a fundamental part of human psychology.
Yuuji: Exactly. So what happens when that builds up without the person in question even noticing it...? I guess you could say I'm slightly concerned.
JB: ...I see.
Narration: *With that non-committal response as a line of demarcation, JB relaxes her face and lets the tension drain out of her body.*
JB: I did pursue some basic intelligence about this school as part of my guardian "duty," so I'm aware there are some "interesting" students here... but it seems one of them has indeed managed to pique your curiosity.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *When I get a nagging sense of concern like this, it's almost never just me overthinking things. I've got good instincts, if nothing else.*
Narration: *That was the reason I confirmed my impressions with Chizuru, as well. If I'm not wrong about this, then...*
JB: But I must say, that's something of a relief.
Yuuji: What is?
JB: That you'd ask me a question like that, Yuuji.
Yuuji: I just tried to give you what you wanted to hear.
JB: Even so... a few months ago, would you have come up with anything? Usually, I'd expect a "Nothing worth reporting. Next question." right off the bat.
Yuuji: ...If that was supposed to be an imitation of me, I'd recommend giving up on your dream of becoming a comedian after retirement.
JB: Thanks sooo much for the advice.
JB: Anyway, at your age it's only natural to be interested in girls and fashion and all that, you know?
JB: And yet, the questions you bring me always smell of gunpowder rather than cologne.
Yuuji: ...Can't deny it.
JB: Right? Therefore, I'm pretty sure this is a good sign.
Yuuji: ......
JB: Okay, that'll about do it for our regular interview. I'll stop by again at some point.
Yuuji: Do me a favor and give a little advance warning next time. It's bad for my heart to have beautiful women popping up out of nowhere.
JB: ...Hehehe, but wouldn't you miss the thrill?
Narration: *Smirking, JB slides her sunglasses back into place. With smooth, practiced movements of her hands, she steers the "prancing horse" away from the school. In the blink of an eye, it's disappeared into the distance.*
Yuuji: ...That engine never gets any less obnoxious.
Narration: *Out of consideration for our neighbors, maybe I should stuff some potatoes into the muffler next time I have the chance.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *In any case, JB has a point.*
Narration: *If I was still the same person who'd impassively devoted himself to the "job," I wouldn't have developed this kind of an interest in Sachi's personal life. Quite the opposite; I'd be keeping potential trouble at arm's length.*
Narration: *Of course, in this case my dormmate's problems might have repercussions for me, but there's definitely a part of this that can't be explained by simple self-interest.*
Narration: *Apparently, this change in my thinking is dramatic enough to take even JB by surprise.*
Narration: *In that sense...*
Yuuji: I guess the first problem is that I can't even tell why I'm changing...

Date: *July 22, 2011, 10:47 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Narration: *―Mashing students of different school years into a single classroom and giving them an identical course of instruction is typically referred to as a "combined class" system.*
Narration: *It's most frequently used in rural elementary schools, where low population and limited resources sometimes make it an unavoidable cost-saving measure.*
Principal: All right, next problem... Sakaki-san, please give this a try.
Yumiko: ...Yes.
Narration: *I guess Mihama might be called an unusual variation on that system. Amane's a year ahead of me, Sachi and Makina a year below, but we're all currently being taught how to solve quadratic functions by factorization.*
Narration: *...Of course, even in rural areas they don't tend to squash three years into one. You'd usually have to go to South Korea to see anything like this.*
Principal: Okay, Komine-san. The next problem's a little tricky, but please give it your best shot.
Sachi: Uhm... that would be x(3x-1), I believe.
Principal: Nicely done as always. I can tell you've been keeping up with your studies.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Yumiko: ...It feels as though Komine-san could answer questions from a top-flight university's entrance exam without even batting an eye.
Narration: *Taking in Sachi's effortless response out of the corner of her eye, Sakaki mumbles words of admiration.*
Michiru: Nha! I think I just had another revelation...
Amane: What? You forget to turn off your tsundere training machine after the morning tsund-ercises?
Michiru: That's not it! Although I'd totally buy that machine if it really existed.
Amane: Seriously...?
Yuuji: Okay, so what did you realize?
Michiru: Is it just me, or has Sachi never messed up a question from the teacher either?
Makina: Come ta think of it, I don't think she has...
Narration: *As of two days ago, I probably would have reacted with skepticism at this point... but after what I've learned about Sachi lately, this seems all too plausible.*
Amane: Wait, would that mean... she gets perfect scores on all her tests, too?
Sachi: No, I'm afraid that's not true... I have received scores other than 100 points. Including on the most recent test.
Michiru: Hah, in your face! The invincible Sachi is only human after all!!
Yumiko: Why are you, of all people, boasting about that...?
Michiru: Sorry, just sorta rolled into it...
Principal: True, Komine-san isn't always perfect... but minor slip-ups account for most of her mistakes. She's always very close to full marks.
Amane: Whoa...
Michiru: I'm truly sorry for getting full of myself...
Sachi: Uhm... why am I receiving this heartfelt apology, exactly...?
Makina: Welp, my guess would be that it's an inst-inckt-ive submission ritual. She's come ta understand your genes are superior to hers, ya know...?
Sachi: Oh, is that so...?
Michiru: But personally, this is still a little bit disappointing in a way.
Yuuji: What, that Sachi's grades aren't always perfect?
Michiru: Yep. At this point, I sort of wanted to see Sachi stay unblemished... You know, an eternal beacon of untouched purity...
Amane: Okay, that analogy is more than a little creepy...
Sachi: Uhm... I'm afraid I don't quite follow any of this. I do apologize.
Michiru: No, no, you don't need to apologize. You might not be perfect, but you're a heck of a lot closer than I could ever hope to be!
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *From a common-sense perspective, it seems completely obvious...*
Narration: *No matter how much of a genius you are or how much time you've spent practicing, it's difficult for any human being to maintain "absolute" perfection.*
Narration: *That said... in Sachi's case, I have this odd feeling that she's only missing questions because nobody's asked her to "get perfect scores constantly" yet. Am I just overestimating her?*
Michiru: But, like Yumiko said... it kinda feels like Sachi could handle any question you throw at her...
Yumiko: In fact, I'm fairly sure her streak of correct answers in class hasn't yet been broken.
Sachi: Yes, I believe that's the case since I entered this school, at least.
Michiru: Doesn't that kind of make you guys curious...? Like, just how hard can you make the questions before Sachi can't answer?
Narration: *...Well, I can more or less identify with the sentiment. The girl's a curious specimen, to be sure.*
Makina: So why don't we give it a try fer real, then?
Michiru: Yeah, let's!
Amane: But, uh, if we're trying to come up with a question that can stump Sacchan...
Amane: At the very least, we need somebody even smarter than her, right? I mean, you could give her a completely impossible problem, but that seems kind of pointless.
Makina: In that case, Onii-chan would be th' man fer the job.
Amane: Aah, good thinking. Despite that sourpuss face of his, Yuuji's got a pretty solid brain.
Yuuji: For the record, a "sourpuss face" has absolutely no relevance to academic results...
Michiru: Amane's right. It's a bit irritating to leave this up to you, but I guess we've got no choice... Take care of the rest, Yuuji.
Yuuji: ...Sorry, what's that supposed to mean?
Michiru: What, weren't you listening? You've been appointed to the noble position of "guy in charge of coming up with questions to stump Sachi."
Yuuji: I guess I don't mind giving her a test, but... shouldn't you be asking for her consent before appointing anybody?
Michiru: Well, as far as that goes...
Sachi: I'm perfectly all right with this.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Well, I did pretty much expect an answer along those lines, but still.*
Michiru: All right, everything settled? We look forward to your reports!
Amane: If there's anything we can help with, you can just let us know. Right, guys?
Makina: You betcha, cap'n.
Yuuji: ...All right, I guess.
Narration: *Since a consensus seems to have emerged, I suppose I'll go along with it. No need to struggle against the current.*
Principal: Uhm, that's nice... Would you mind if I got back to the lesson now...?
Yuuji: ...Maybe I shouldn't be saying this to your face, Sachi... but you're seriously a soft touch. There's such a thing as being too cooperative.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Narration: *Assigned a strange new responsibility by the whims of my capricious classmates, I'm holding an impromptu rooftop meeting with Sachi to discuss the specifics.*
Yuuji: Yes. You just committed yourself to an academic stress-test with no real point beyond satisfying our classmates' curiosity, if you hadn't noticed.
Sachi: That's certainly true.
Narration: *Although Sachi obediently accepts my words on a superficial level, she doesn't really seem to recognize this situation as "inconvenient."*
Yuuji: Well, if this doesn't bother you, I won't say you were wrong to accept.
Sachi: Yes, not to worry on that front. If anything, I feel rather happy that someone would exhibit interest in a slatternly slut-slave like myself.
Yuuji: ...Where did you pick up that phrase?
Sachi: From the cover of a magazine tucked in the very back of the convenience store periodicals counter.
Yuuji: ...Ah. I see.
Yuuji: I've vaguely suspected as much for a while now... but it seems you're a member in good standing of the masochist community, Sachi.
Sachi: I can't say I've ever consciously thought of myself that way... but if you think so, Kazami-san, I'm sure that's the case.
Sachi: But in any case, that should hardly pose any difficulties. As a masochist, I should match up perfectly with a super-sadist like yourself.
Yuuji: When did I get promoted to super-sadist, exactly...?
Sachi: A very interesting question.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *When Sachi gets like this, it really does feel like you're talking to an enigmatic maid with a deadpan sense of humor... But now that I think about it, that impression is probably misleading.*
Narration: *The girl's defining characteristics are her earnest personality and impressive range of skills. She accepts nearly every request that comes her way; she's an excellent student; and from what I've seen, she's respectably athletic as well.*
Narration: *In a way, she's less a maid and more the ideal personification of an honor student... But she takes it to such an extreme that it's hard to keep yourself from thinking she might be too good to be true.*
Sachi: Ah... please try to refrain from undressing me with your eyes like that... It's rather disconcerting...
Yuuji: ...Sorry, can I smack you after all?
Sachi: Allow me to confirm your expectations first... Would struggling feebly and shrieking "Nooo! You brute!" be to your liking?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Okay, I think a firm press of the reset button is called for at this point.*
Yuuji: ...Let's get back on topic, Sachi.
Sachi: Of course. Go right ahead.
Yuuji: There's a couple things I want to ask about before planning out this little experiment...
Yuuji: Do you take any specific measures to prepare for teachers asking you to solve a problem in class?
Sachi: Well, I suppose so. Unlike exam questions, the problems in class are very often taken directly from the textbook, so as long as I study the material from beginning to end I rarely experience difficulty answering.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Certainly true, but studying until you can solve every single problem in the upcoming material usually requires an impractical amount of time and effort.*
Narration: *Although she's clearly devoted as well, Sachi must naturally be something of a quick learner.*
Yuuji: All right then... what would you do in a situation where you absolutely need someone else's cooperation to fulfill a request?
Sachi: Such as... a request to stop Sakaki-san and Michiru-sama from fighting, perhaps?
Yuuji: Right. With a mission like that, don't you run into a dead end if they just refuse to listen?
Sachi: In circumstances like those, I'd think about alternative methods within the range of flexibility allowed to me...
Sachi: But depending on the nature of the request and the specific situation, I think my approach would differ fairly widely. It's rather difficult to answer categorically.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *Don't really tend to think of Sachi as a flexible thinker, but it seems she does consider her challenges on a case-by-case basis...*
Sachi: Allow me one question of my own, Kazami-san... You are dropping by my room tonight, yes?
Yuuji: Yeah. That was the plan, unless there's a problem on your end.
Sachi: Very well. In that case, I'll see you after school.
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *In any case, today I'm going to be directly observing Sachi's private life.*
Narration: *That may well provide me with some insight into what makes this distinctly unusual human being tick.*
Principal: ...Looks like we're out of time. Okay, that's it for today's class... but do remember we have the closing ceremony tomorrow. Make sure to be on time, everyone.
Michiru: Hey, hey, Sachi. You have any plans tonight?
Sachi: Uhm... yes. I was planning to show Kazami-san everything tonight...
Three　People: Whuh!? Huh!? Whahaa!?
Narration: *All of a sudden, three of my classmates spring to their feet as one.*
Yuuji: What, was there a tremor...? Can't say I noticed.
Michiru: It's not a damn earthquake! We were a LITTLE surprised by what Sachi just said!
Sachi: Really? But... why?
Michiru: C-C'mon... when you talk about "showing everything," it sort of sounds, uh... am I right, Amane-san?
Amane: Yeah... maybe you didn't mean it that way, but it sounds more than a little, uhm... right, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: W-Well... if you two are in an illicit relationship, I suppose that's your own business, but...
Yuuji: ...I see. The precise nature of your collective delusion is now clear to me.
Yuuji: But to be perfectly clear, that's not what Sachi meant just now.
Sachi: Yes, that's true. I was simply hoping to offer myself as an outlet for Kazami-san's stress, nothing more...
Michiru: A stress outlet!?
Amane: Some misunderstanding...
Yumiko: You disgust me...
Narration: *The chorus draws a few steps away from me and begins to discuss something in venomous whispers, shooting me scornful glances out of the corner of their eyes.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry, Sachi, but please keep your mouth shut until I'm done explaining.
Sachi: ...*Nod*
Yuuji: Listen up, all right? I'm just dropping by Sachi's room for a visit. That's the full extent of the "plans" she's talking about.
Michiru: ...And how did that happen?
Yuuji: Apparently, Sachi doesn't believe in giving herself free time... I was kind of dubious, so she volunteered to demonstrate directly what that means.
Amane: ...What, is that all?
Narration: *Once I provide a brief explanation of the circumstances, my three interrogators cool down surprisingly easily. Amane's tone suggests she's all but lost interest.*
Yuuji: Not that I'm complaining, but you're strangely understanding.
Amane: Well, yeah, because she's done the exact same thing for us.
Yuuji: She has?
Michiru: Yep, I guess it's only natural to wonder about that eventually... Anyway, we all got curious about the same thing as you.
Yuuji: So? What's going on behind that curtain?
Yumiko: It'd be best to see it with your own eyes. I rather doubt you'd be satisfied hearing it from us.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *In other words, their own version of this field trip must have left a decidedly ambiguous impression.*
Amane: One word of warning... You are visiting a girl's room, so I expect you to be a gentleman, all right?
Yuuji: Yeah. I'll make a conscious effort not to disrupt Sachi's private life any more than necessary.
Amane: Mmm... that's not quite what I meant, but whatever...
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki heaves a small sigh. Makina, who's shown absolutely no interest in the conversation until this point, promptly sidles over and yanks on her sleeve.*
Makina: ...Load off yer mind?
Yumiko: W-What are you talking about!?
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: All right then, would meeting at the lobby in an hour or so work for you?
Sachi: Yes, that should be just fine.
Michiru: ...Well, do whatever you want. I could literally not care less.
Michiru: ...Nrrrrrrm.
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: *Staaaare*...
Yuuji: Considering how little you supposedly care, I find it slightly odd that you've been tailing me since I left the classroom.
Michiru: T-Tailing you!? Don't be reee-diculous!
Michiru: You, uh, just happened to be walking along in the direction I just happened to be glancing in, and, well... C-Come visit my room too if you're making the rounds, you got that!?
Yuuji: And there she goes...
Narration: *Probably just wanted to say that last bit from the very beginning... The tsundere's lot is not a happy one.*
Sachi: ......
Makina: Oho?
Sachi: ......
Makina: Oho?
Makina: Hey, Ama-nee... why's Sacchin runnin' around like a chicken with her head cut off?
Amane: ...Because she's a girl?
Makina: Hm? Th' heck's that supposed ta mean? Gettin' pretty big fer your britches these days, lil' missy.
Amane: My britches fit just fine. By the way, I think you forget sometimes... but I'm older than you, remember?
Yuuji: ...All right, you ready?
Sachi: Yes, let's get right to it. Please follow me.
Sachi: Do come in.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *The first thing that catches my eye is a large locker, similar to the one Sachi uses as a storehouse in the classroom. It's also the only thing that catches my eye. There's not much else in the way of distinctive personal touches in here.*
Narration: *"Minimalist" if you put it nicely. "Plain" if you don't. But personally, I'm just grateful it isn't some frilly abomination full of stuffed animals and overpowering scented candles.*
Sachi: In regards to my stuffed animal collection, I have an assortment inside the locker.
Yuuji: ...You might think I'd actually asked.
Sachi: Incidentally, this would be the very first time I've had a man in my room.
Yuuji: That a fact...?
Narration: *Come to think of it, I haven't even poked my head in Sachi's room before.*
Sachi: In other words, you would be my "first man," Kazami-san.
Yuuji: ...Try not to put it like that where other people can hear you. Michiru and company would misunderstand again. Understandably, in this case.
Sachi: I suppose you're right... I'll have to be careful.
Yuuji: So, once you're back in your room... what's the first order of business, normally?
Sachi: Well, I expect it's no different from your own―
Yuuji: ...Right, let me rephrase that... the first order of business after you change out of your uniform.
Sachi: You've improved, Kazami-san...
Narration: *...At what?*
Yuuji: Also, couldn't you have gotten changed before I came over?
Sachi: Well, today I found myself rather occupied with the cleaning...
Yuuji: ...And why did you have to do that today, in particular?
Sachi: A very good question, come to think of it. Why did I?
Yuuji: If you don't know the answer, I doubt anyone else will...
Sachi: Well then, the next step in my daily routine would be to study until it's time to prepare dinner.
Narration: *After changing into her casual clothes (if the term can even apply to a maid uniform) in the back, Sachi begins to unpack a range of study materials from her school bag.*
Yuuji: All right, don't worry about me. Go right ahead like you always do.
Sachi: Certainly.
Narration: *With that concise answer, Sachi promptly heads over to her desk.*
Sachi: Uhm... first of all...
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *After carefully spreading out her notes and a few textbooks, Sachi begins solving problems at a steady pace. In no time at all, she's absorbed in the task at hand. Even watching from behind, her concentration is almost startling.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *First of all, she goes over the problems we reviewed today a second time. When that's done, she moves methodically through everything we might possibly cover in the next class.*
Narration: *Even as she jumps to new material and different subjects, her pen never stops its regular, mechanical motion across her notebook paper. If nothing else, it's quite a display of academic prowess.*
Yuuji: ...You study this much every day?
Sachi: Yes. Our teachers frequently tell me to "work hard at your studies," after all.
Yuuji: That's your reason?
Sachi: Yes, I suppose so... Is there something strange about that?
Yuuji: ...No, "strange" would be an overstatement.
Narration: *Although personally speaking... it seems way too weak a motivation to inspire this kind of effort.*
Sachi: ...That would be all for today's studies.
Narration: *Getting up from her seat without even pausing to stretch, Sachi immediately begins to pack away her books and study aids.*
Yuuji: Next up would be preparing dinner, then?
Sachi: ...Kazami-san, did you just read my mind?
Yuuji: Don't give me that utterly astounded face. You told me your schedule before, remember?
Sachi: Come to think of it, so I did... The scales have fallen from my eyes...
Narration: *...Been a while since I heard that catchphrase.*
Yuuji: Anyway, while you're eating dinner I guess I should―
Sachi: If you'd like, you're very welcome to stay, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: That really all right with you?
Sachi: Yes. I did the same thing when everyone came to visit before, and I think it would simplify matters... Do you dislike the idea?
Yuuji: ...No, I don't have any reason to refuse. I'll take you up on that.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Narration: *I watch idly as Sachi trots off toward the kitchen to prepare the meal.*
Narration: *...Just now, her smile seemed unusually happy... Was it just my imagination?*
Sachi: Cut your carrots, not your bunions～♪  Save your marriage, peel his onions～♪
Narration: *About ten minutes after Sachi began her preparations, I hear the rhythmical sound of a kitchen knife striking a cutting board.*
Narration: *Within a few moments, she accompanies this steady percussion with a bizarre song... Almost certainly another of Makina's compositions.*
Sachi: Whack... whack...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Up to this point, I can't deny she's given herself exactly nothing in the way of legitimate "free" time.*
Narration: *Frankly, her constant motion and eager devotion to her tasks aren't particularly different from what I normally see out of her in school.*
Yuuji: ...Hm? From the smell of things... it's curry, huh?
Sachi: Very perceptive. It is a favorite of yours, isn't it?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *Curry was downright treasured at my old school. It's filling, nutritious, and tends to taste decent no matter who makes it. And apart from the practical appeal, it does fall into the category of food I personally prefer.*
Narration: *But have I ever declared myself a curry fanatic in front of Sachi? I'm not the sort of enthusiastic gourmand who makes a habit of advertising his tastes...*
Sachi: Is something the matter?
Yuuji: ...No, it's nothing.
Narration: *Well, there's no need to think too hard about something that trivial.*
Sachi: By the way, Kazami-san, would you mind if I added a little yogurt as seasoning?
Yuuji: That's fine. I'm not what you would call a picky eater, anyway. As a rule, I eat whatever's put on my plate.
Sachi: I did have that impression even beforehand, yes... I suppose that must make things easier for Amane-san as well.
Yuuji: Maybe, but she complains it's less satisfying when there's no challenge.
Sachi: That does seem like Amane-san.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Sachi keeps up a natural flow of conversation without ever losing focus on the work at hand.*
Narration: *Considering how busy she keeps herself, I don't really have many opportunities to make small talk with Sachi... so this sort of idle conversation feels a bit novel.*
Yuuji: Come to think of it, when did you start cooking for yourself, Sachi?
Sachi: Shortly after enrolling in this school.
Yuuji: Out of necessity, in other words?
Sachi: That's correct. Up until then, Auntie had been providing my meals.
Narration: *...Auntie, huh? First I've heard of her... but grilling Sachi about her family would probably fall on the "tactless" side of things.*
Yuuji: Not that long, then... Seems like you're quick on the uptake.
Sachi: Well, perhaps... Personally, I've always regarded the intake as my specialty. I'm quite proficient at swallowing pills without water.
Yuuji: ...Sure, whatever.
Sachi: Thank you for your patience.
Narration: *In the time it takes for our conversation to run off the tracks into total incoherence, the Sachi-style curry has reached completion.*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *The curry itself is impressively attractive, and I've got no complaints about the smell either.*
Narration: *The salad she's added as a sort of garnish appears fresh and appetizing as well, so as a whole there's no reason to hesitate.*
Yuuji: All right then, I'm going to get right to it.
Sachi: Yes, please help yourself.
Narration: *After briefly bringing my hands together for politeness' sake, I scoop up a spoonful of curry and bring it to my mouth.*
Yuuji: Mm...
Narration: *I can summarize my impressions fairly concisely: it's homemade curry.*
Narration: *Rather than the spicy variety you might be served at a restaurant, it's mild, soothing comfort food anyone could eat.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *...But for some reason, Sachi's intently watching me eat instead of starting in on her own share.*
Yuuji: Don't worry, it doesn't seem to be poisoned. Go ahead and eat, Sachi.
Sachi: Ah... yes, of course.
Narration: *Once I point this out to her, Sachi starts to move her spoon as well.*
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Without much in the way of conversation, we quietly carry spoonful after spoonful of curry to our mouths.*
Narration: *Among other things, the acidity of the yogurt she added as flavoring tempers the aftertaste nicely, so there's no real need to pause.*
Sachi: Kazami-san... you've already cleaned your plate...
Yuuji: ...So it seems.
Narration: *Before I know it, the reasonably-sized helping she'd served me has vanished altogether.*
Sachi: Not to worry, I had plenty of powder. I'll bring you a second helping right away.
Narration: *As Sachi leans forward to take my plate, I reflexively reach out and drop a hand on top of her head.*
Yuuji: Nice work, Sachi. It's not often that I actually want a second helping.
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *As I lightly ruffle her hair, a visible jolt of surprise runs through Sachi's body.*
Yuuji: Ah, sorry... Sort of realized I hadn't given you my thoughts or anything... Just a spur of the moment thing.
Sachi: That's quite all right... I was just a little surprised, that's all...
Yuuji: In that case, mind if I keep this up a little longer? You did ask for more of my "praise," after all.
Sachi: I'm astonished... Kazami-san, you remembered my request?
Yuuji: What, you think I've gone senile or something? Not like it's been long enough for me to forget.
Sachi: ...I suppose not.
Narration: *Sachi finally smiles. After a few more gentle strokes, I lower my hand from her head.*
Sachi: ...Thank you very much, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Well, sure. Although I know it's not much of a "reward" considering the effort you put into the meal.
Sachi: Not at all. This is far more than I deserve.
Narration: *Deflecting my words in a light tone of voice, Sachi heads back off toward the kitchen to refill my plate.*
Yuuji: ...Guess you could say that's typical of Sachi, but there's such a thing as being too modest.
Sachi: Next, it's time for my ritual ablutions. I'll be heading to the grand bath.
Narration: *Once the tableware's all been cleaned away, Sachi announces the next stage of her plans, carefully balancing a rubber duck on top of her head.*
Yuuji: Yeah, guess that makes sense.
Sachi: Will you be joining me this time, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: Thanks for the disturbingly casual invitation, but I didn't bring a towel or a change of clothes.
Sachi: If you're interested, I do have a spare set of male clothes on hand for just such an eventuality...
Yuuji: ...Come to think of it, you mentioned something about that the day I moved in.
Sachi: It seems the primary obstacle has been removed.
Narration: *Is it just me, or is there a much bigger obstacle still remaining here? Such as... I don't know, common sense?*
Yuuji: Sorry, but I think I'll pass.
Sachi: I see...
Yuuji: Normally, I wouldn't have a reason to refuse... but in this case, I feel like you need to carefully rethink when and why to make an offer like that.
Sachi: Certainly. If you say so, Kazami-san, that's what I'll do.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Well, at least she listens to reason... although I'm far from confident she actually understands the underlying problem here...*
Sachi: Well then, I'll be returning in about thirty minutes, so please make yourself at home until then.
Yuuji: You don't mind leaving me in your room alone?
Sachi: Yes. Incidentally, my...
Yuuji: I already know where you keep your underwear.
Sachi: ...You read my mind yet again?
Yuuji: Not exactly. You told me yourself a few weeks ago, remember?
Sachi: Did I...? I wonder... did I somehow foresee that you would visit my room, Kazami-san...?
Narration: *...Fascinating question, but I'm really not sure why you're asking me.*
Sachi: Well then, for now I'll be―
Yuuji: ...Hold it.
Narration: *Just as Sachi moves to open her door, I reach out and intercept her hand.*
Sachi: Oh? Would you like to join me after all?
Yuuji: That's not it. There's someone on the other side of the door.
Sachi: Someone...?
Narration: *That said, the only real question is which of the four stooges couldn't contain their curiosity...*
Yuuji: All right, listen up. Count to three, then throw it open with me.
Sachi: Understood...
Narration: *3... 2... 1...*
Yuuji: ...!
???: Kyaaa!?
Narration: *As expected, our sudden action prompts a distinctly feminine shriek.*
Yumiko: Uugh... W-Why did the door just...!?
Narration: *Glancing down, I find a dumbfounded Sakaki sprawled out on her backside a few feet away.*
Yuuji: And what are you doing out here? Your room's on the second floor, isn't it?
Yumiko: W-What's it to you? I just... happened to have something to take care of in the boiler room today, that's all...
Narration: *...Why is it, exactly, that my classmates are such uniformly terrible liars?*
Yuuji: That's nice. By the way, Sachi's just heading off to the grand bath. Just in case you were curious.
Yumiko: ...Don't tell me you plan to accompany her?
Yuuji: Please. I'm staying here, obviously...
Yumiko: ...Well, of course you are.
Narration: *Apparently somewhat relieved by this news, Sakaki lightly brushes her dishevelled bangs back into place.*
Yumiko: More importantly, Komine-san... Kazami-kun hasn't attempted to coerce you into any questionable behavior, has he?
Sachi: No. As of now... he's refrained from demands like "show me your tits" and "spread your legs." Nor has he made any sexually-charged requests of me whatsoever, for that matter.
Yumiko: A-Ah...
Yuuji: Convinced now? Surprising as it may seem to you, I'm a gentleman.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: It's not like I was interested in your chivalry or lack thereof in the first place.
Narration: *Seems Sakaki has decided to trust me for the time being, as she abruptly turns away and heads back up the stairs.*
Yuuji: That girl's got it tough in her own right. Can't be easy going through life with that contrary a personality...
Sachi: I believe Sakaki-san is rather similar to Michiru-sama in that regard. She's not far removed from the tsundere archetype on the most fundamental level.
Yuuji: Might have a point there, sadly.
Sachi: ...I've completed my bath.
Narration: *Thirty minutes on the dot after the incident outside her door, Sachi pokes her slightly flushed face back into the room.*
Yuuji: Got out of there without fainting today, I see.
Sachi: Yes, since Maki-chan and Amane-san explained to me that there was no absolute need to count all the way to 10,000.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Apparently, that brief conversation last night was in fact enough to reset Sachi's bathing behavior to something slightly more sane.*
Sachi: And? Which set of underwear was your favorite?
Yuuji: ...Does the dresser look like it's been disturbed since you left the room?
Sachi: I... suppose not...
Narration: *I really don't think that warrants such a disappointed tone of voice...*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Fighting off a wave of exasperation, I turn my attention from the untouched dresser back to Sachi, to find her staring at me with a distinctly nonplussed expression.*
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: Something on your mind?
Sachi: Well... at the moment, I think I should be the very picture of a rosy-cheeked young woman fresh out of the bath...
Yuuji: At the very least, you don't resemble a pale old man wheezing after a marathon.
Sachi: What's more, I'm wearing a maid uniform, well-known as a reasonable stimulant to the male desire for domination.
Yuuji: That you are.
Sachi: In that case, I think it would be entirely understandable for a healthy young man to experience a wave of unspeakable carnal lust right about now... Is that not the case for you, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: ...No, can't say it is.
Sachi: For some reason... I feel as though my genes have just been sentenced to extinction.
Yuuji: Relax. I'm not saying you're unattractive.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Like I said with the bath, your problem is timing. Under the right circumstances, the sort of event you're imagining is perfectly possible.
Yuuji: This isn't one of those times, that's all.
Sachi: I wonder if I'd be able to discern the arrival of a more appropriate moment...
Yuuji: Not to worry. If that time comes, you're not going to be able to miss it. Even if you want to.
Sachi: Now I see... Kazami-san, my conversations with you are always so enlightening...
Narration: *...Although I'm certainly not going to guarantee it'll ever come to that.*
Yuuji: So, seems like you've finally reached some genuine free time... What are you planning to do next?
Sachi: Go to bed.
Yuuji: ...What?
Sachi: <Sleep,> as they say in English.
Yuuji: ...Just to be perfectly clear, I wasn't wondering about the meaning of your words.
Sachi: Then why the vaguely incredulous "What?" just now...?
Yuuji: I mean, it's not even nine PM yet, right? Are you seriously planning to sleep already?
Sachi: Yes... this is what I normally do in the evening when there's no pressing business. Is turning in early a bad thing?
Yuuji: No, I wouldn't say it's "bad," but...
Narration: *Admittedly, I'm hardly an expert on the lifestyle of students these days, but I'm confident there aren't many of them who make a habit of going to bed this early.*
Narration: *Especially in the case of young women... From what I've seen, you could add another twelve hours to every night and they still wouldn't have enough time.*
Yuuji: Do you not watch television or play games? No time at all for recreation?
Sachi: I don't watch television except when Maki-chan asks me to join her, and I only play games when someone from the class invites me.
Yuuji: ...Seriously?
Sachi: Indeed. I'll even commit to swallowing a thousand needles if I'm lying.
Narration: *Frankly, it's still a little hard to believe that she doesn't relax at all... but from what I see of this room, she certainly doesn't seem to have much in the way of entertainment-oriented belongings.*
Narration: *And Sachi's personality being what it is...*
Yuuji: Guess it really was literally true.
Sachi: Listen carefully to what you're told, and get plenty of sleep at night... That's how a good girl behaves.
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *In the instant Sachi delivers that oddly phrased sentence with a smile on her face, I finally realize the nature of the unease I've been feeling about her behavior.*
Narration: *...It's pretty simple, really. She resembles me.*
Narration: *Organizing her life around diligently following orders, she never allows herself to doubt them, let alone defy those who make use of her...*
Narration: *And almost as an extension of that, her "private" activities are little more than the bare minimum routines of daily existence.*
Narration: *The same as me, in other words. Grilling her about recreation is more than a little hypocritical on my part.*
Narration: *Looking at Sachi, I've been seeing myself... And the discomfort I felt was a reflection of my uncertainty about my own way of life.*
Sachi: ...Are you relieved?
Yuuji: Huh...?
Narration: *Taken off-guard by her question, I respond in an unusually feeble tone of voice.*
Sachi: Recently, you seem to have been somewhat concerned about me, Kazami-san...
Sachi: If your anxiety has been even slightly lightened by this visit, I would be happy to hear it.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *...Well, this is yet another surprise.*
Narration: *Didn't think I was so transparent that a schoolgirl could see through me...*
Yuuji: ...All right, I understand that much. But what made you think I was feeling relieved?
Sachi: Because you seemed to be smiling just now.
Yuuji: Smiling?
Sachi: Yes, it looked that way to me.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I don't remember grinning to myself during that little internal monologue. If anything, the look on my face should have been something like "surprise."*
Narration: *But apparently, something about my face suggested a smile to her...*
Yuuji: ...I see.
Yuuji: I was right about one thing... You really are an interesting one, Sachi.
Sachi: In this case, is that a compliment...?
Yuuji: I'll let you decide how to interpret it... but at the very least, it's better than boring, right?
Sachi: Either way, it strikes me as a rather... mixed evaluation...
Narration: *Sachi said relieving my anxiety would make her happy...*
Narration: *I'm not sure I understand the exact meaning of those words, but looking back on it, this visit did inspire a mysterious sense of tranquility.*
Narration: *...Whatever the details, I don't think that can be a bad thing.*
Yuuji: Well, guess I've confirmed the mechanics of your "free time" policy... but before we wrap things up, let's make arrangements to clear up the other matter as well.
Sachi: The other matter...?
Yuuji: Yeah. We were going to see how difficult a question it takes to stump you, remember?
Sachi: So we were, now that you mention it.
Yuuji: Summer vacation starts the day after tomorrow, so we might as well take care of that fairly soon... What's your schedule like?
Sachi: Let's see... At present, I don't have any major plans.
Yuuji: Does that mean you won't be heading home for the break?
Sachi: I can't discount the possibility my uncle will ask me to visit... but otherwise, I don't believe so.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Guess a slightly less intimate connection with "home" might not be too surprising when you're living with a less immediate relative.*
Yuuji: Okay, so how about starting right off the bat the day after tomorrow? That work for you?
Sachi: Yes, that's perfectly all right with me.
Yuuji: All right. We'll assemble in the classroom at one PM two days from now.
Sachi: Uhm... one in the afternoon the day after tomorrow, in our usual classroom, yes?
Yuuji: Right.
Sachi: If I'm interpreting this conversation correctly... I just made a promise with you, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: ...Well, I guess you could put it that way.
Sachi: Very well. It's a promise, then.
Yuuji: Yeah, sure. That settled, I won't keep you from your sleep any longer. Have a good rest.
Sachi: Certainly. Wait just a moment and I'll prepare your futon as well.
Yuuji: ...Thanks anyway, but that's not going to be necessary.
Narration: *I still haven't overcome the constant unease I feel toward myself, or my doubts about my lax new life in this place. But I have learned something new in the last few days.*
Narration: *"There's someone else like me here."*
Narration: *For some reason, I feel like this objectively pointless little quiz game I've been entrusted with is going to yield interesting results.*
Narration: *Not that I have any concrete reason to believe that, but it's not an unpleasant feeling...*
Narration: *By the time I reach my room, I'm almost looking forward to it.*
Makina: ...Th' subject returned to his room, ya know?
Amane: Looks like he didn't try to pull a "sleepover" after all.
Makina: Uu? C'mon, ya had to know there was nothin' to worry about there, Ama-nee.
Amane: Maybe I did, but I still felt the need to worry!
Makina: I don't have a friggin' clue what that's supposed ta mean... Ya got a pretty dang difficult personality yerself, kid!
Amane: ...So what if I do? That's just how girls are, for your information.

Date: *July 24, 2011, 12:57 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Sachi: Ah... good morning, Kazami-san.
Narration: *I enter the classroom a little before the time we agreed to meet. Sachi's already waiting inside.*
Sachi: You showed up...
Yuuji: Well, yeah. We did have a promise.
Sachi: ...So we did.
Yuuji: Anyway, you came in uniform? Really are a class rep to the core, aren't you?
Sachi: To quote the school regulations section of the student handbook: "In general, wear your uniform when making use of the school building's facilities."
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *I'm pretty sure Sachi's the only one who's ever bothered to read the fine print at the back of that booklet, but fair enough.*
Sachi: Or should I have taken this opportunity to develop a more distinctive style...? Perhaps following Michiru-sama's example with dyed hair and a fashionable personality?
Yuuji: To be honest, I'm having a hard time picturing you as a bleached-blond tsundere...
Sachi: In that case, I think I'll spend my summer vacation just as I am, if you don't mind.
Yuuji: I'll leave that to your discretion. Anyway, I guess the first question is how we should go about testing you...
Sachi: I suppose we'll begin with kissing practice, yes?
Yuuji: ...Please give me a coherent explanation of how you arrived at that conclusion.
Sachi: My apologies... I thought being all alone with a younger girl might feel somewhat awkward for you, so I was attempting to break the ice as best I could...
Yuuji: Appreciate the thought, but your jokes tend to have the opposite effect...
Sachi: How very strange... Coming from you, Kazami-san, such criticism truly stings... 
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Things have already taken a dubious turn, but there's no going back now.*
Yuuji: All right, I guess I'll choose some questions from material we'll probably be learning in the fall. Feel like starting with any subject in particular?
Sachi: Well, let's see... I did spend some time studying mathematics yesterday in preparation.
Yuuji: I see. In that case, let's start with math and see how far you can go on a day's worth of studying.
Sachi: Yes, by all means.
Yuuji: All right, next up is a square root problem... Think you can handle it?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Uhm... would this be the answer?
Yuuji: ...Correct.
Narration: *As soon as I start actually offering her problems, I'm startled all over again by Sachi's academic skills.*
Narration: *All the questions I'm giving her are from sections of the textbook we haven't learned in class yet, and she's solving them with apparent ease.*
Narration: *That doesn't change when I start mixing in my own original problems, either, so it's clear that she didn't just mindlessly memorize the textbook.*
Yuuji: So, what, did you study this yesterday as well?
Sachi: Yes, I did indeed.
Yuuji: Just how much did you get through?
Sachi: Let's see... I believe it would be fair to say that I reviewed everything in this textbook from start to finish.
Narration: *Sachi delivers this line with her usual calm smile, but...*
Narration: *If what she's saying is true, she mastered nearly an entire year's worth of material in a single day.*
Narration: *...I guess that would explain how she's been answering problems we won't be looking at for months so easily.*
Yuuji: Just for reference, what time did you get to bed last night?
Sachi: I believe it would be fair to say that I didn't.
Yuuji: You pulled an all-nighter...?
Narration: *Plausible in Sachi's case... but I've got one very simple question.*
Yuuji: ...Why did you feel the need to try that hard?
Sachi: Uhm... when faced with a test, isn't it only normal to study diligently in order to secure a satisfactory result?
Yuuji: Sure, but that's hardly a reason to stay up all night...
Sachi: Is it really...?
Narration: *In an admirable display of dexterity, Sachi tilts her head to the side in confusion even as she's nodding her consent.*
Narration: *I had similar thoughts about her ridiculous daily preparation for class, but this only confirms my impression... The girl puts in unbelievable effort for the flimsiest of reasons.*
Narration: *True, you can wrap everything up by just calling Sachi "diligent by nature," but I have a feeling that behavior has something to do with why she's in this school in the first place.*
Yuuji: ...Well, whatever the case, I have to admit you've taken me by surprise here. I didn't expect you to be quite this impressive.
Sachi: Then it seems my effort was indeed rewarded.
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm pretty sure the range of problems you've solved already would be more than enough to amaze the others.
Sachi: Does that mean our testing is now over?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Michiru and company asked me to find Sachi's limits. As long as she's continuing to answer the questions correctly, it'd be premature to end the testing.*
Yuuji: Well, as long as it's all right with you... mind playing along a little longer?
Sachi: Not at all. By all means, play with me to your heart's content.
Yuuji: Are you doing this on purpose...?
Narration: *By the time the sun touched the horizon, Sachi had worked her way into questions from next year's math curriculum without a single mistake; and so, we agreed to suspend testing for the evening and continue tomorrow.*

Date: *July 25, 2011, 07:48 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Yuuji: Haa... haa... haa...
Sachi: Ah! Good morning, Kazami-san.
Narration: *When I return to the school grounds after my daily running session, Sachi greets me with broom in hand.*
Yuuji: Sweeping the courtyard today, I see.
Sachi: Yes. As summer vacation has now begun in earnest, I thought I would take the opportunity to conduct a general cleaning of the school grounds.
Yuuji: Not that diligence is a bad thing, but it feels like you're in the middle of some chore every time I run into you...
Sachi: If you'd prefer me to be a bit lazier, I can slack off within the range permissable for a class representative.
Yuuji: ...Are you really capable of that?
Sachi: Well, so long as you grant me three months or so to ascertain the appropriate boundaries first...
Yuuji: ...In that case, I think I'd rather see you working hard like always.
Sachi: I'm rather glad to hear it.
Sachi: Ah.  Incidentally, I have a little something for you, if you'd like...
Narration: *Trotting over to a bucket full of ice sitting in the shade of a tree, Sachi retrieves a bottle of water and brings it back to me.*
Yuuji: You had this waiting for me?
Sachi: I knew you'd gone out for your morning run, so yes, I was presumptuous enough to prepare refreshments.
Yuuji: ...I see. Thanks, appreciate that.
Sachi: Please don't mention it.
Narration: *With a few words of thanks, I accept the plastic bottle from Sachi, then drop myself onto a nearby bench and quickly gulp it down.*
Yuuji: ...Tasty.
Narration: *It looked like a plain bottle of water, but there's a bit of lemon juice and honey added for flavor.*
Narration: *Another thoughtful touch on Sachi's part... Typical that the girl didn't say anything about the extra effort she put in.*
Yuuji: Why not mention it? Might've gotten some of that praise she likes so much...
Narration: *Considering her request for compliments, Sachi doesn't exactly flaunt her accomplishments.*
Narration: *Then again, that clumsily selfless side of her personality is probably part of what makes her impossible to dislike.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *As I'm pondering these matters, Sachi returns to her cleaning.*
Sachi: Snips and snails and puppy mash, all in the combustible trash～♪ Might not set your heart on fire, but it'll burn nice on the pyre～♪
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi. Can you maybe give this particular song a rest?
Sachi: Oh? Worried about getting it stuck in your head?
Yuuji: ...No. To be perfectly frank, it doesn't really work for you.
Narration: *A maid cheerfully singing gruesome jingles as she cleans is just too surreal.*
Sachi: But... Maki-chan specifically stated, "I'm releasin' this song under a creative commons license, so make sure to sing it when ya clean." I'm merely...  
Yuuji: ...Right, I get the picture.
Narration: *Looks like I'll have to take this up with our budding songwriter.*
Sachi: ～♪　～♪　～♪
Yuuji: But either way, you really seem to enjoy sweeping...
Sachi: I suppose so. When I was young, my mom and dad would praise me for cleaning the house, so I've always thought of it as something like my special skill.
Yuuji: ...Your parents sound like nice people.
Sachi: ...Yes. I loved them both very much.
Narration: *Past tense, huh...?*
Narration: *This is the first time I've heard Sachi talk about her parents, but her expression visibly softened when she mentioned them.*
Narration: *Even putting aside her pathologically honest personality, you can tell from a look at her face that she's not lying about how much she loved them.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Come to think of it, I did have one other acquaintance who enjoyed cleaning up. Although that was a long time ago.*
Narration: *"C'mon, what does it look like I'm doing...? I'm picking up the trash."*
Narration: *"I mean, next time I come here to play, wouldn't it be nicer to find the place clean?"*
Narration: *She was the sort of kid who'd actually go around picking up the garbage scattered around the playground after playing.*
Narration: *I think she was younger than me, but her sheer energy and forceful personality made it feel like the opposite... The girl was a genuine tomboy, constantly laughing and running around.*
Narration: *...Pretty much the polar opposite of our docile, maid-like Sachi.*
Sachi: ...Is something the matter, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: No. It's nothing.
Sachi: I see.
Narration: *But still, it's pretty unusual for me to remember something from before I met my master...*
Narration: *Since my memories before that point are pretty much all ones I'd rather erase from my mind.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *In the otherwise quiet classroom, the constant movement of pen on paper is the only real sound.*
Narration: *After lunch, Sachi and I picked up the testing where we left off yesterday.*
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Ah! Kazami-senpai, what do you think you're staring at?
Narration: *Sachi suddenly covers her chest with both hands, as if only now realizing that I'm watching her.*
Sachi: Geez... you were so insistent about "testing my academic ability" or whatever, but maybe you're really after something else entirely?
Narration: *Continuing in the same tone, she offers me a coquettish smile.*
Yuuji: ...And what if I am?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: All right then. If you absolutely insist, Kazami-senpai... I guess I'll teach you about girls.
Narration: *Spurred on by the intimate atmosphere of a one-on-one meeting, a younger girl summons up her courage and makes a flirtatious approach...*
Narration: *Normally, this is exactly the sort of "gift horse" no red-blooded man would think twice about accepting, but... *
Yuuji: Wonder why I'm not getting even slightly in the mood...
Sachi: Whaaat!? You've got an adorable underclassman bravely throwing herself at you here! Isn't that a little harsh!?
Yuuji: ...Okay, you can stop the act.
Sachi: Certainly...
Narration: *Once I give the signal, Sachi's attitude snaps instantly back to normal.*
Sachi: Was my ability as an actress unequal to the task after all?
Yuuji: No. If anything, I think you were a bit too convincing...
Narration: *If I didn't know Sachi, I'm pretty sure I would have bought that as her real personality. But since I do, the contrast was kind of bizarre.*
Sachi: In other words... casting aside my sense of shame and diving wholeheartedly into the role actually backfired?
Yuuji: Do you have any sense of shame to cast aside in the first place?
Sachi: What are you saying, Kazami-san? I'm the very model of a shy young lady...
Yuuji: Not sure if I agree with you there... In my experience, shy people don't generally take their clothes off in front of others...
Sachi: But that's hardly anything to be embarrassed about, is it?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Does she seriously believe that? The girl's definitely something else... Although in this case, that's not necessarily a compliment.*
Sachi: More importantly, may I ask why you requested that I assume the role of a "slightly selfish underclassman who knows how to tickle the hearts of older men?"
Yuuji: Right... Guess it was sort of my modest attempt at getting back at you for coming so well prepared.
Sachi: Hm? Was it wrong of me to study for the test...? 
Yuuji: Well, the point of this is to determine the limits of your academic ability. But the more you study, the more those limits go up, right?
Yuuji: At this rate, the testing might never actually end.
Sachi: I see, so that was your point of concern.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *As a matter of fact, I'm giving her problems even harder than yesterday's, and she's still working her way smoothly through every question.*
Sachi: I do apologize... I hadn't even considered the possible inconvenience.
Yuuji: No, it's my fault for not saying anything about cramming beforehand. Just try not to approach this quite so seriously from now on.
Sachi: ...Yes, I understand.
Narration: *I briefly drop my hand onto Sachi's head as we speak, and soon receive a smile in return.*
Sachi: Incidentally, I'd like to ask you something. Just for reference...
Yuuji: What?
Sachi: Would I be correct in concluding that your specifications for that performance align with your taste in females?
Yuuji: ...No. It's just that the younger women I've known tended to act something like that.
Sachi: So... why have me assume such a personality?
Yuuji: Well... when I was talking to you in the courtyard earlier, I remembered one in particular...
Yuuji: Struck me that this girl was pretty much the exact opposite of an "obedient maid" type like you, Sachi. I got kind of interested in seeing if you could pull it off.
Narration: *...Well, if I'm being perfectly honest with myself, the part about "tickling the hearts of older men" might have been tacked on for other reasons.*
Sachi: In other words, the request was motivated by simple curiosity...?
Yuuji: Yeah. So anyway, that's not particularly my "type" or anything.
Sachi: I see.
Narration: *Apparently satisfied with my explanation, Sachi closes her eyes and nods deeply.*
Narration: *That's a very familiar gesture, but it's rare for her to ask this many questions of me in the first place.*
Yuuji: By the way, what do you think about that sort of person?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *When I ask for Sachi's thoughts as an extension of this little experiment, she pauses for a moment before replying. Her expression's suddenly grown serious.*
Sachi: ...I think that being selfish is a bad thing.
Yuuji: A bad thing, eh...
Sachi: Yes.
Narration: *I've noticed before that Sachi's judgments tend to be delivered in simple, black and white terms. In particular, she has something of a habit of dividing things between the "good" and the "bad"...*
Narration: *I'd always thought of it as a minor quirk, but from the strange emphasis she places on those words, I'm beginning to think it might be a central part of her worldview.*
Yuuji: ...Well, I guess that's enough of a break. Let's get back to the tests.
Sachi: Certainly.
Narration: *Deciding to refocus on the reason we're here, I cut off our meandering conversation. Sachi responds by promptly turning her notebook to a fresh page of paper.*
Sachi: Well then, what will be next? Shall I work my way sequentially through another textbook, like yesterday?
Yuuji: ...No. I'm going to jump a few steps and start giving you problems from material we're not scheduled to learn in this school.
Sachi: Wah... no wonder they call you sadism incarnate, Kazami-san. Utterly ruthless, even to your submissive younger classmates...
Yuuji: Don't really have a choice. You're just that good.
Sachi: And now come the blatantly lavish compliments... With such masterful alternation between the carrot and the stick, I'm quickly reduced to mere putty in your hands...
Yuuji: ...Okay, that's more than enough of that. I'm giving you the problems now, all right?
Sachi: Yes.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *As the scenery outside begins to take on the orange tint of early twilight, Sachi's pen comes to a halt after the last problem of the day.*
Yuuji: Solved it?
Sachi: I reached an answer... but I'm not especially confident that it's correct... 
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Haven't seen her this uncertain about a problem yet, but let's see...*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Picking up Sachi's notebook, I compare her work against the answer in the collection of problems.*
Sachi: ...W-Well?
Yuuji: ...It's correct.
Sachi: I'm very glad to hear that...
Narration: *Apparently Sachi's lack of confidence was genuine rather than an attempt at modesty, judging from the way she slumps back in her chair with a relieved smile.*
Narration: *From the look of things, she might finally make her first mistake tomorrow.*
Sachi: I must admit, I'm rather tired after all that mental exercise... 
Yuuji: In that case, let's take it easy for a little while. I'll buy you something to drink.
Sachi: Uhm, if possible...
Yuuji: What? If you want some soda in particular, better say it now.
Sachi: No, uhm... that's not the nature of my request...
Narration: *Hesitantly mumbling vague words, Sachi doodles small circles on her notebook paper.*
Yuuji: ...I see, so that's what this is about.
Narration: *Taking an educated guess from Sachi's attitude, I gently bring my hand to rest on top of her head.*
Sachi: Ah...
Yuuji: You did good today, Sachi.
Narration: *And this time, I begin to slowly stroke her hair back and forth.*
Sachi: Mmm...
Narration: *Sachi lets out a quiet sigh as her eyes fall closed. Must have tickled a bit.*
Yuuji: You make the same face every time I do this, you know that? Reminds me of a kitten having its face cleaned by its mother.
Sachi: By which you mean I'm just that adorable?
Yuuji: ...By which I mean you're just that defenseless.
Sachi: I suppose you're right about that... At the moment, I think it's entirely possible I'd surrender unconditionally...
Yuuji: Uh, to what...?
Yuuji: ...All right, that about enough?
Sachi: Yes. Thank you very much.
Narration: *I finally stop petting Sachi once my hand grows warm from the motion. She responds with a polite little bow of thanks.*
Yuuji: Kind of an odd request, though. Not like having your head stroked is going to help with your fatigue, is it?
Sachi: That's not true at all. Your hand provides more of a boost than guzzling ten energy drinks, Kazami-san!
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Narration: *Impressively forceful and earnest words, although I can't say that makes them any less bizarre...*
Narration: *But still, I've got to watch my step around this girl... Lately these little petting sessions have started to feel oddly pleasant on my end as well.*
Yuuji: All right, so we're done with the testing for today... You have any other plans?
Sachi: Uhm... Yes, I promised Maki-chan I'd watch television with her at seven o'clock.
Yuuji: In that case, let's get back to the dorm before she starts throwing a temper tantrum.
Sachi: Yes.
Makina: Heeeyoo, Sachiiiin!
Narration: *The instant we enter the dorm, Makina's shouting in our faces, almost as if she foresaw the exact moment of our return.*
Sachi: ...Huh? There's still some time before we were going to meet up, isn't there?
Makina: Yep, this is somethin' else entirely. Wanted to get this back to ya...
Narration: *As she speaks, Makina holds something out to Sachi.*
Makina: Judgin' from this familiar strap featurin' Tunafish Man's arch-nemesis, General Spareribs... this cell phone's yours, ain't it?
Sachi: Yes, it is... but where did you find it?
Makina: Just a little while ago, I decided ta take a dip before dinner... Found this sucker pullin' off a solo scuba-divin' expedition in th' big bath upstairs.
Sachi: What do you know... Cell phones go diving as well...?
Yuuji: ...Or maybe you just dropped it when you were cleaning?
Sachi: Wah... you never cease to amaze me, Kazami-san. Your deductive reasoning would put Mr. Nakamura himself to shame.
Yuuji: Who the hell is Mr. Nakamura...?
Narration: *Putting aside that particular mystery, it's pretty surprising that Sachi didn't realize it was missing.*
Makina: Well, it's all good that I found it... but this thing's playin' dead pretty stubborn-like.
Yuuji: Going underwater's probably going to be fatal unless you have some special waterproof model...
Sachi: In that case...
Narration: *Accepting her cellphone from Makina, Sachi gently slides it inside her clothing.*
Makina: ...Why'd ya just stuff it between your boobies?
Sachi: Well, it broke because it got wet, so maybe warming it up will fix it.
Yuuji: Just to be sure... that was an attempt at a joke, right?
Makina: It ain't mannerly to say somethin' here, ya know? This slightly ditzy side is a big part of Sacchin's charm. We got a responsibility to preserve it for future generations.
Yuuji: ...I see. All right, Sachi, forget I asked.
Sachi: For some reason... I feel as though my image is deteriorating rapidly behind my back...
Makina: It's aaaaall good. It ain't slander if it's true.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Yuuji: ...I'm sure your "image" is important too, but I think you should be more worried about getting a replacement for that phone as soon as possible. Never know when you'll really need it.
Sachi: That's true. I'll have to visit a retailer at the first opportunity.
Narration: *With those words, Sachi retrieves the dead cellphone from her bosom and returns it to its usual place in her pocket.*
Makina: Mmkay then. Whatcha up to next, Onii-chan? We ran into each other an' all, so how 'bout watchin' some teevee with us?
Yuuji: Well, can't say I have any plans, but...
Makina: In that case, come cheer fer Tunafish Man with us!
Yuuji: Tunafish Man is a Sunday morning show, right...? And more importantly, wouldn't it be kind of creepy if I really did start cheering on fresh fish superheroes with you?
Sachi: Very much so.
Yuuji: ...I'll peel you like a banana here and now, you bogus maid.
Sachi: Oh dear, Maki-chan. My virtue appears to be in grave danger!
Yuuji: You sure as hell aren't acting like it...
Makina: ......
Makina: ...Oho? What's this weird feelin' swirlin' inside my deliciously flat chest?
Makina: I don't really get it, but... this must be what yer average 46-year-old father feels like when his precious lil' poopsie gets carted off by some random bum with a tattoo on his bicep...

Date: *July 26, 2011, 10:12 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―There's no such thing as a woman who hates being complimented.*
Narration: *One day, when I casually complimented my master's appearance, she praised me in return with those words.*
Narration: *From what she told me, the rule applies even to women who claim to dislike flattery. Sometimes complaining is just another way of reacting to happiness.*
Michiru: Guh, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Hello there, Michiru. Your famous twintails are looking particularly good this morning.
Michiru: Whaaat!? W-Where's this coming from all of a sudden...? It's not like a compliment from YOU is going to make me happy or anything!
Narration: *Michiru, whose gimmick is a prickly "tsun" attitude, may say this...*
Michiru: ～♪　～♪
Narration: *But judging from the way she's happily playing with her hair as she skips up the stairs, I don't think my master spoke in error.*
Narration: *I'm pretty sure I picked up a knack for this sort of thing unconsciously at a fairly young age.*
Narration: *Playing outside for hours at a time to escape the awkward atmosphere at home, I developed a sly habit of ingratiating myself with the other kids through lavish praise...*
Narration: *"Awesome, I can't believe you can do that!" or "You got 100 points on your test? That's amazing," or whatever else seemed called for.*
Narration: *Looking back on it, I was kind of a creepy little brat in that respect...*
Narration: *But as long as I kept up the compliments, nobody tried to harm me, and there were even some eccentrics who'd actively play with an otherwise gloomy little introvert like me.*
Narration: *"Okay, watch carefully. Here goes..."*
Narration: *"...Hayah!!"*
Narration: *"Well? Well? Did I pull it off?"*
Narration: *"Eheheh... thanks..."*
Narration: *"I don't think it's that amazing... but today's the first time I managed it. I wanted to show you first, Yuu-kun."*
Narration: *...Of course, since I'd always thought of myself as the worthless scrap left over after the formation of my genius sister, I was probably pretty sincere in believing everyone I met superior to me.*
Sachi: Good morning to you, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *And here we have an exemplary personification of my master's teachings.*
Narration: *Given an open choice of any reward, Sachi specifically requested my "praise." It's probably safe to say she fundamentally longs to be complimented.*
Sachi: So, do tell me. What variety of indecent disgrace is Michiru-sama enduring inside your mind at the moment?
Yuuji: ...I'd love to hear how you arrived at that question.
Sachi: Well... as you watched her leave, you seemed to be thinking about something. And there was a rather complex expression on your face...
Yuuji: Let me get this straight. You think a "complex expression" on my face means I'm indulging in obscene delusions?
Sachi: Yes.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *And sometimes, I wonder if she fundamentally longs to be smacked upside the head.*
Sachi: Not to change the subject, but will today's testing begin at one PM as well?
Yuuji: That's right. But like I said yesterday, no cramming for this one.
Sachi: Yes. I was planning to continue yesterday's cleaning operation for the rest of the morning, so I wouldn't really have time to study in any case.
Yuuji: ...You're still making the rounds?
Sachi: It's far more pleasant to find the places you use nice and clean, after all!
Narration: *With those words, Sachi pumps her fists slightly into the air, still clutching her broom.*
Narration: *Maybe it's because she's able to wear this uniform more frequently during vacation, but the girl seems to be turning into even more of a maid by temperament...*
Yuuji: Well, devoting yourself to volunteer work is all well and good, but make sure you don't give yourself heatstroke out there.
Sachi: Of course. In order to stave off overheating, I'll think about nice and cool things as I work!
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I think I'm going to have to check up on her later for safety's sake.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *A little before one PM, a harsh, familiar electronic buzz from my breast pocket interrupts the leisurely afternoon.*
Yuuji: JB, huh...
JB: ...Is there anyone with you right now?
Narration: *After a moment of faint electronic noise, I hear a low, steady voice on the other end of the line.*
Narration: *Her tone is enough to tell me that this is a phone call from my "superior," not my "guardian."*
Yuuji: No worries. I'm by myself at the moment.
JB: Good. We need to talk business...
Narration: *Judging from the hurried way JB's speaking, it seems this particular call may not have been planned in advance. Something serious might have come up unexpectedly.*
Yuuji: Do we have something troublesome on our hands?
JB: The mission's going to be brief... but it's difficult to anticipate exactly how things will play out. So yes, you could call it "troublesome."
Yuuji: In other words, you want me as insurance in case things go south?
JB: ...Very perceptive. As an acting reserve, you've been ordered to semi-alert status for the duration of this job. Can you be prepared within ten minutes?
Yuuji: I'll be ready in five.
JB: Thank you, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Don't thank me before a job. It's bad luck.
JB: ...Right. Sorry about that.
Yuuji: Anyway, where do you need me?
JB: Make your way to the location I'm sending over now. You'll meet up with your colleagues there.
Yuuji: ...Affirmative.
Narration: *Placing the black cell phone on top of my desk, I quickly begin to change into my work clothes.*
Yuuji: Well, that's crappy timing...
Narration: *I don't have any problem with doing the job I'm paid for, but I had plans with Sachi in the immediate future.*
Narration: *And I can't just call to let her know, since her cell phone's out of commission.*
Yuuji: Please be in the dorm...
Sachi: Wah...
Narration: *I throw open my door with a little prayer, startling Sachi as she's sweeping the lobby.*
Yuuji: Sachi! Good timing!
Sachi: Calm yourself, Kazami-san. If you need a freshly-used maid uniform, give me just a moment and―
Yuuji: Sorry, I don't have time to play along with stupid jokes right now.
Sachi: ...Is something the matter?
Yuuji: Yeah. I just now got called to work. Important job came up out of nowhere.
Sachi: Which would mean... today's testing is cancelled, I suppose...?
Narration: *As Sachi murmurs those words, there's a clear shade of regret on her face.*
Narration: *It's one of the more easily comprehensible expressions I've ever seen from the normally poker-faced Sachi.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: No. I'm not cancelling, but I need to change the plan a bit.
Narration: *I hadn't been planning to say anything of the sort, but I find the words coming out of my mouth naturally. That look on her face probably had a lot to do with it.*
Sachi: Would that really be all right?
Yuuji: Yeah. JB said the job's going to be quick, so I should be back in a few hours.
Sachi: Ah, I see. By all means, then. That would be perfectly all right with me.
Yuuji: ...All right. Wait for me at the usual place, Sachi. Let's say five PM.
Sachi: .........
Sachi: In that case, I may be slightly late... Would that be all right?
Narration: *...Slightly late? She have some other plans for this afternoon?*
Yuuji: Fine by me. There's a possibility I'll be a little late myself, so don't worry about it.
Sachi: Thank you very much. Then I'll be waiting in the usual place as of approximately five PM.
Yuuji: Yeah, that's a promise. I'll definitely make it.
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *After giving Sachi a quick pat on the head, I immediately rush out the front door.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Eyes fixed on my cell phone screen, I follow the directions JB sent me to the letter.*
Narration: *When specifying a rendezvous point through electronic means, the instructions are always split into multiple parts in such a way that it's impossible to determine the end location without cross-referencing every message.*
Narration: *Apparently this is a security measure of some sort, but it's an incredible pain in the ass for the person actually receiving the orders.*
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *As I draw near to my initial destination, a second set of instructions arrives.*
Narration: *The map attached to the new email bears a single red dot.*
Yuuji: There we are...
Narration: *Overlaying the map with a visual scan of my surroundings, I determine that the point in question indicates a small public park.*
Yuuji: This isn't my first time in this neighborhood, but I never knew there was a park here...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I met that kid in a park not too different from this one, back in the days when I was a gloomy brat without any real friends.*
Narration: *My sister was a prodigy, especially as an artist, and the most I could do was stay out of her way... so I made a daily routine of heading off to a public park with a playground, located a few miles away from our house.*
Narration: *I went out of my way to choose one a good distance away. Killed a little more time walking out and back, and better still, nobody there knew who I was.*
Narration: *When I was idling around in that playground, I didn't have to deal with people comparing me to my older sister, and I didn't have to listen to my father's vicious insults.*
Narration: *I guess you could say it was the closest thing I had to a safe space.*
Narration: *But the days spent playing with sand by myself didn't last that long.*
Narration: *One day, that girl marched right up to me. I don't remember much of the conversation, except for the conclusion...*
Narration: *"Okay then, let's play together."*
Narration: *Wasn't asking, either. Without giving me time to think it over, she pulled me around that tiny park all day long.*
Narration: *She was an unbelievably pushy kid, to be sure. Laughed and smiled more than anyone else I'd ever known. But she never asked me more about myself than I wanted to tell.*
Narration: *In other words, playing with her wasn't too bad on my end, either. Before I knew it, I was heading to that park specifically for that purpose.*
Narration: *Of course, that only lasted a short while before "that day" came, but...*
Narration: *I think that kid was a major reason I was able to endure everything I was going through back then.*
Yuuji: ...Okay, this really isn't the time to get all sentimental.
Narration: *As if to reinforce the point, a white minivan with a subtly "different" atmosphere draws to a halt a little ways away.*
Yuuji: ...Take care of the job first. Think later.
JB: Okay, here we are. Good job out there.
Yuuji: Sure...
Narration: *Roused from a half-unconscious state by JB's voice, I remove my sleep mask and step out of the car.*
Yuuji: Appreciate you dropping me off at school and all... but I've got to say, this car is a little too conspicuous. Noisy on top of flashy...
JB: But that's exactly what I like about my little prancing horse.
Yuuji: Don't think I'll ever understand your sense of aesthetics...
Narration: *Well, I guess she's probably not alone. I can picture Amane's eyes gleaming with enthusiasm...*
JB: ......
Narration: *Heaving a small sigh, I glance to my side, where JB's currently peering through the gate into the school grounds.*
Yuuji: ...Looking for something in particular?
JB: Well, just wondering if anyone was going to welcome you back today, y'know?♪
Narration: *...Figured as much.*
Yuuji: Look, JB, I do understand the urge to mess around with the younger generation... but I'd really appreciate it if you could resist the impulse to make my life harder.
JB: Oh, c'mooon. Here I am, going out of my way to add a little spice to your love life, and this is the thanks I get...?
Yuuji: ...If you're that concerned about my libido, how about I rape you here and now?
JB: Ooh, scary! I'd best beat a hasty retreat before I fall prey to the stormy passions of youth...
Narration: *Giving me a little shove on the back as she passes by, JB slides smoothly back into the driver's seat of her car.*
JB: ...Okay then Yuuji, I'll see you when I see you!♪
Yuuji: Hold it, woman! ...Or not.
Yuuji: JB really lives for these little visits, doesn't she...
Narration: *But since she took me here directly, I'm back a good fifteen minutes before five. I'll be in plenty of time to meet up with Sachi.*
Yuuji: No reason to show up in my work uniform, then. Might as well change first...
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *When I arrive precisely on time, I find the classroom completely empty.*
Narration: *Pretty unusual for Sachi, who makes a habit of showing up at the exact time specified.*
Yuuji: Come to think of it, she did say she might be a little late...
Yuuji: Guess I'll wait for a while.
Yuuji: ...Okay, she's really late.
Narration: *Half-dozing in the chair I flopped down onto some time ago, I mumble to myself and glance up at the clock.*
Narration: *It's a solid hour past the time we agreed to meet. At this point, you'd expect some sort of contact.*
Yuuji: Might as well see if any of the others know anything...
Makina: Wahoh! An intruder!?
Narration: *When I return to the dorm, Makina's standing by the shoe rack. The instant I push open the door, she swiftly hides something or other inside.*
Yuuji: ...I'm not going to tell you not to play pranks on Michiru and Sakaki, but keep it in moderation, all right?
Makina: Eheheh... everyone in this dorm's repressin' a forbidden desire ta see Chiruchiru an' Yumi-chan completely flip out...
Makina: An' I'm just the wicked woman to give 'em what they truly want...!
Yuuji: Right, sure. Fascinating. On a different note, do you know where Sachi went?
Makina: Schwa? What're ya talkin' about, Onii-chan? Weren't you guys playin' today?
Yuuji: That was the plan... but I waited for an hour after the time we set, and she never showed up.
Makina: That's friggin' weird. You could bury Sacchin in th' Mariana Trench and she still wouldn't be late for her next appointment.
Yuuji: ...Right, which is why I thought something else might have come up.
Makina: I'd love ta say somethin' comes to mind... but I didn't hear about anythin' like that.
Yuuji: ...Sure you didn't ask her for a favor or something?
Makina: I haven't even seen her today, ya know?
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *This doesn't look very promising, but just in case, I should try our other classmates as well.*
Yuuji: Sorry, Makina, but can you help me round up the others?
Makina: Aye-aye, captain!!
Makina: ......
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Fortunately, the other three were still in the dorm, so it doesn't take long to collect everyone in the lobby.*
Yuuji: Sorry about the sudden meeting, but... do any of you have any idea where Sachi's gotten to?
Amane: Sacchan? Now that you mention it, I haven't seen her at all this afternoon... 
Michiru: Same for me.
Yuuji: ...How about you, Sakaki?
Yumiko: Actually, I did see Komine-san leaving the dorm a little after three.
Makina: Seriously!?
Yumiko: Yes. She was in her school uniform, so I assumed she was heading off to study with Kazami-kun again... Was I mistaken?
Yuuji: Hard to say. We promised to meet in the classroom at five, but Sachi never showed.
Yumiko: That's weird...
Narration: *As soon as the words leave my mouth, three voices respond in an uneasy chorus.*
Narration: *Apparently I'm not the only one more than a little surprised by Sachi blowing off a pre-arranged meeting.*
Michiru: ...Uhm, hey... mind if I say something?
Narration: *After a moment of silence, Michiru raises her hand tentatively into the air.*
Yuuji: What is it, Michiru? Some relevant information come to mind?
Michiru: Not really information, but... I think there's a way to clear this problem up right away... if you're interested.
Amane: Really!? Nice job, Michiru!
Michiru: Well, I don't think it's anything that special, but... Sort of a Michiru-style strategy, I guess?
Yuuji: I see. By all means, please share your insight with us.
Michiru: Hehe... hehehehehe... G-Guess I will, since you asked so nicely... mm, ahem!
Makina: Spit out already, bottle-blond.
Michiru: Buh!?
Makina: Uwahoh! Th' glare of death!
Michiru: Okay, look. I'm only going to say this once, so everyone grit your teeth and listen carefully!
Amane: What's gritting our teeth going to accomplish, exactly...?
Michiru: Hear and be amazed! All we need to do is call Sachi on her cell phone! Problem solved!!
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: Well? Pretty good stuff, right... Uh, what? Why's everybody giving me that... "for crying out loud" look?
Makina: Cause that's exactly what we're all thinkin'.
Michiru: No way...
Yumiko: ...Please don't tell me that was the extent of your proposal, Matsushima-san.
Michiru: Well, yeah... I mean, what, did I say something weird?
Yumiko: That's not the problem here... wouldn't you take it as given that he tried that before gathering us here?
Michiru: Uguh...
Yuuji: In the first place, Sachi's phone is out of commission at the moment.
Michiru: Huh? Sachi's cell broke?
Yuuji: Yeah, it was discovered diving in the bathtub just last night.
Makina: Indeed it was!
Michiru: O-Oh... well, no way I could have known that... Aha... ahaha...
Narration: *A weak attempt at a smile plastered awkwardly across her face, Michiru shrinks before our eyes.*
Amane: Well, as Michiru's ideas go, I guess that was a pretty decent train of thought...
Michiru: It's all right, Amane... I'm destined to be the unhappiest girl with twintails in all of Mishima Cape...
Yumiko: ...That's a rather narrow field of competition.
Makina: Hey, don't let it get ya down, Chiruchiru. Life ain't all bad, right!?
Michiru: Weird. Being comforted by you somehow makes me feel even worse...
Makina: Rank ingratty-tude! See if I ever offer you such a sincerely half-assed attempt at kindness again!!
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Maybe it was a mistake to bring these people into the discussion in the first place?*
Amane: Anyway, isn't this kind of bad? We don't have any way of getting in touch with Sacchan, do we?
Michiru: Maybe we should contact the police or something...
Yumiko: It may seem like a serious situation to us... but the police aren't going to start looking for someone who's only been gone a few hours.
Yumiko: And even putting that aside, Komine-san isn't a child... Contacting the police at this stage would be a bit of an overreaction, don't you think?
Yuuji: She did tell me she might be late, for one thing.
Yumiko: ...In that case, all the more so.
Narration: *Nodding with evident conviction, Sakaki closes her eyes.*
Narration: *Objectively speaking, her argument is definitely reasonable.*
Amane: I guess Sakaki-san's probably right about this one...
Michiru: ......
Narration: *Michiru and Makina seem to reach the same conclusion. The group looks silently in my direction, anticipating a decision.*
Yuuji: ...Okay, let's wait and see for the moment.
Yuuji: If Sachi still isn't back by this evening, I'll get in touch with the principal and ask her about the next step.
Amane: ...Yeah, I think that's the best approach.
Makina: I'm with ya there.
Michiru: Y-Yeah, me too...
Narration: *...All right then.*
Yuuji: Okay, I'm going to head back to the classroom and try waiting for Sachi there... but I'd like a volunteer to contact me in case she comes back to the dorm instead.
Makina: Leave that ta me!
Amane: I'll stick around with Makina as well... I'm kind of worried about Sacchan.
Michiru: In that case, Yumiko and I can go search around for her outside.
Yumiko: What? Excuse me, I don't remember agreeing to this...
Michiru: Yeah, yeah. I'm pretty sure you were planning to go off looking for her on your own anyway. 
Yumiko: W-Well...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Since these four have spent considerably more time living with Sachi, there's no question that they understand her better than I do.*
Narration: *Considering that, there's no reason to refuse their help when it's voluntarily offered.*
Yuuji: Sorry for the hassle... I appreciate this.
Makina: Ain't no thing! Make sure to stedd-fastly carry out yer own mission, Onii-chan!
Yuuji: ...Yeah.
Yuuji: This late already...?
Narration: *Before I know it, the hour hand's crept past nine.*
Narration: *Still no sign of Sachi and no word from the others. This is getting beyond "weird" and into "worrisome" territory.*
Amane: ...Yuuji!
Narration: *When I return to the dorm, Amane and Makina jump up from their positions watching the doorway and rush over.*
Makina: Well, what's th' deal? Did Sacchin come back?
Yuuji: ...No. She didn't come to the classroom, at least.
Amane: Oh...
Narration: *Their shoulders droop simultaneously at the news.*
Michiru: I looked up and down the shopping district, but there was no sign of her.
Yumiko: ...I didn't see anyone resembling her around the station, either.
Narration: *Beads of sweat running down their foreheads, Michiru and Sakaki offer similar reports in identical tones of regret and concern.*
Yuuji: ...I see. Sorry to make you run around in this heat.
Michiru: D-Don't get me wrong! It's not like I'm doing this for your sake! I'm just worried about Sachi!
Michiru: ...Hey, how was that? Pretty good, right, Yumiko!?
Yumiko: I hope you don't really expect me to answer that question...
Amane: Okay, Michiru's skill as a tsundere is really not that important right now... At this point, the odds that Sacchan's really gone missing feel a lot higher...
Makina: Think it's time ta talk it over with Chizuchizu?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, you're right.
Narration: *Taking out my cell phone, I dial the principal's private number from memory.*
Yuuji: ......
Principal: ...Hello.
Yuuji: It's me. Sorry to call so late.
Principal: You're calling my cell phone...? Is something wrong?
Yuuji: To summarize matters concisely, Sachi's gone missing.
Principal: ...Komine-san, of all people?
Yuuji: Yeah. We made pretty clear plans, but she stood me up. Hasn't come back to the dorm since.
Principal: Komine-san broke a promise...?
Narration: *There's a slight hint of tension in the principal's voice now.*
Narration: *Apparently we're not the only ones surprised by the idea of Sachi blowing off an appointment like this.*
Principal: Okay, exactly how long has she been missing? 
Yuuji: The last time anyone saw her would be a good six hours ago... and unfortunately, she doesn't have a cell phone on her at the moment.
Principal: I see... Without a way of contacting her, this gets considerably more difficult...
Yuuji: That would be why I'm reporting to you. As the principal of this school, what do you think we should do about this?
Principal: Let's see...
Narration: *After this brief response, there's a moment of silence.*
Principal: ...First of all, I'm going to inform Komine-san's family of the circumstances and get an idea of how they'd like to handle this.
Yuuji: Seems like a bit of a leisurely approach, frankly.
Principal: It may be somewhat unusual, but this school is an officially sanctioned educational institution operating under the same regulations as any other. I can't change the procedure for this sort of thing.
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *Well, unquestionably the correct judgment as the leader of her organization.*
Principal: That said, I share your concerns, so I'm also going to take more immediate action. As an individual, you understand.
Yuuji: Ah, so that's it...
Narration: *Considering how rapidly she formulated this calm and rational approach to the situation, it's probably safe to trust Chizuru's judgment on the specific details.*
Yuuji: Guess you're not sitting in the most comfortable chair in the building for nothing.
Principal: Heheheh. Nice to hear, I suppose.
Yuuji: Okay, I understand what you're thinking in general, but what should we be doing right now?
Principal: Honestly, I'd like you to wait patiently for me to settle things, but... I imagine that's not going to happen.
Yuuji: You imagine correctly. Good job.
Principal: Putting aside all the rest, I am a teacher entrusted with six students, you know?
Yuuji: ...That you are.
Principal: That said, I don't want anyone other than you running around outside in the middle of the night. Please make that very clear to them.
Yuuji: Right, that's probably wise.
Narration: *Reckless action could very well end up expanding the scale of our problem.*
Principal: Okay then, I'll let you know immediately when I have any news.
Yuuji: ...Yeah, please do.
Narration: *Cutting off the call immediately, I slide my phone shut and push it back into my pocket.*
Amane: What'd she say, Yuuji?
Yuuji: She's going to get in touch with Sachi's family first and talk with her guardians about how to proceed.
Amane: Oh... Well, I kind of figured it would be something like that...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *After all, there must be some relatively complicated family circumstances involved if they're sending their child to this kind of school.*
Yuuji: She promised to get in touch immediately if there's any major developments.
Yumiko: ...In other words, she's asking us to sit on our hands.
Yuuji: More or less.
Makina: Why th' heck would we do that? We should all be out poundin' the pavement in search of Sacchin!
Yuuji: ...I'll handle that.
Makina: Why just you, Onii-chan?
Yumiko: Because if we went out looking for Komine-san right now... there's a possibility it would give rise to a secondary disaster.
Michiru: ..."Secondary disaster?" What's that supposed to mean?
Amane: It means that young women wandering around alone in the middle of the night could very well go missing themselves.
Michiru: Aah... right, you have a point...
Makina: No need to worry about that. I've got all that Super Self-Defense ya taught me, Onii-chan!
Yuuji: ...Sorry, not good enough.
Makina: Guh! I don't wanna sit around waitin'! I'm worried about Sacchin!!
Narration: *Makina's voice is unusually fraught with emotion, and small tears of frustration are forming in the corners of her eyes.*
Narration: *She's the same age as Sachi and plays with her more than anyone else... Makina might well be the most upset out of all of us right now.*
Amane: Hey, Makina. I understand how you feel, but... let's leave that to Yuuji for now, okay? Sacchan might come back while he's out looking, too. We need to be here to hold down the fort.
Makina: ...Yeah, I got it.
Narration: *Clinging tightly to Amane from behind, Makina slowly begins to regain her composure.*
Narration: *As long as these two are together, I probably don't have to worry about her doing anything reckless.*
Yuuji: ...Okay, I'm going to head out and look for Sachi.
Michiru: Y-You be careful yourself, all right? There's a lot of weird people out there these days...
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Answering Michiru's anxious words with a nod, I walk up to Sakaki, who's been standing a little apart from the rest of the group. Giving her a light tap on the shoulder, I lean in and speak in a low voice.*
Yuuji: ...Sakaki, if something comes up while I'm gone, I want you to take charge.
Yumiko: Why should I have to―
Yuuji: Because I trust your judgment in a crisis. If Amane and Michiru lose their heads and try to do something reckless, I'm depending on you to step in and stop them.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: You do have a talent for playing dirty...
Yuuji: ...Yeah, sorry about that.
Narration: *Taking note of the slight redness in Sakaki's cheeks, I leave the dorm at a run, silently thanking my master for her insight.*
Yuuji: All right, first problem is... where do I start?
Narration: *I don't know why Sachi vanished or where she went this afternoon. I've effectively got nothing in the way of specific clues to work off.*
Narration: *Given that, my only real option is to speculate based off her normal pattern of activity, but I'm no expert there...*
Yuuji: Might as well take another look in the classroom.
Narration: *After a brisk journey to the school building, I peek into our classroom, my heart pounding more from tension than the exercise. It's silent, dark, and totally empty.*
Yuuji: Not here after all...
Narration: *But still, there's always the possibility that Sachi will wander in here while I'm out looking for her...*
Narration: *To protect against the risk that we'll pass each other by, I should probably leave her a message of some sort.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Grabbing a thick piece of paper from a supply closet, I write "Sachi - if you see this, head back to the dorm right away" in large letters with a permanent marker.*
Narration: *That done, I secure the note in the middle of the blackboard with a few pieces of tape.*
Yuuji: ...That should do it.
Narration: *A moment later, my personal cell phone rings shrilly in my pocket.*
Yuuji: ...That you, Chizuru?
Principal: Yes, it is. I've just finished talking with Komine-san's guardians, so I thought I'd give you an update.
Yuuji: And?
Principal: ...If possible, they'd like to avoid making this into a conspicuous public spectacle... but ultimately, they're leaving the decisions to the Academy.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *From the sound of it, Sachi's family does indeed have some complicated circumstances of their own.*
Yuuji: So, what's the next step for you?
Principal: First of all, I'm going to contact every police station in the prefecture one by one and see if any are currently sheltering a young girl.
Yuuji: I see. Same thing you pulled when I arrived here.
Principal: ...Yes. The student body of this academy is rather famous for a number of reasons. The conversations should go relatively smoothly.
Yuuji: ...Good to hear, I think.
Principal: If that doesn't get us any results... I suppose we will have to formally report her as a missing person.
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *Hypothetically speaking, if Sachi's left the prefecture... a larger scale effort involving sheer numbers and brute power would become necessary.*
Principal: Do you intend to look for Komine-san during that time?
Yuuji: I'm the one who promised to meet up with her. I've got a responsibility to find out what happened.
Principal: ...I suppose.
Principal: All right then, I'll be in touch as soon as I have further news.
Yuuji: ...Appreciate it.
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Hopefully that'll get us some information...
Narration: *On the other hand, if she comes up empty, we run smack into a demoralizing dead end.*
Narration: *...Unless, of course, I find a new lead first. For now, that's all I need to be thinking about.*
Yuuji: All right, guess I'll see if the others have any ideas about places Sachi frequents...
Narration: *This tension reminds me of the job... but unlike those neatly defined missions, it's a frustrating hunt in the dark, groping blindly for clues.*
Narration: *And this time, I'm not chasing down some faceless target I'll never know. The person I'm searching for is a classmate. A friend.*
Narration: *Pressing the cell phone to my ear, I sprint down the hallway, trying to drown out my uneasiness through mindless motion.*

Date: *July 27, 2011, 06:23 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Makina: Onii-chan!!
Michiru: ...Yuuji!
Narration: *The instant I push open the front door, Makina and Michiru rush up expectantly.*
Makina: Well? Did ya find Sacchin?
Yuuji: ...No. I tried everywhere you suggested she might go, and all the public gathering spots I could think of... but no sign of her.
Michiru: Okay, so, any news from the principal?
Yuuji: She let me know that none of the police stations in the prefecture are looking after a girl. Nothing since then.
Michiru: ......
Narration: *Understandably enough, the two grow downcast as I speak.*
Narration: *Sakaki and Amane might have hung back instead of rushing up to interrogate me, but it seems the news has a similar effect on them. I hear small, frustrated sighs from their direction.*
Makina: Then let's get back out there lookin' for her! It's not dark out anymore, so this time I can help too!!
Narration: *Even before the words are out of her mouth, Makina's yanking at my sleeve with impatient little jerks.*
Amane: ...Hold it, Makina.
Makina: Uu...?
Amane: I understand that you're worried about Sacchan... but let's give Yuuji some time to rest, okay? He's been running around outside all night looking for her.
Makina: Ah...
Makina: I wasn't thinkin'... Sorry for bein' such a selfish git, Onii-chan...
Yuuji: ...No, there's nothing to apologize for. That's the natural reaction.
Narration: *Doesn't matter how much time I spent outside. There's no getting around the fact that I didn't find Sachi.*
Amane: Here, Yuuji. Dry yourself off.
Yuuji: ...Appreciate it.
Narration: *Catching the towel Amane tosses in my direction, I wipe cold rainwater from my hair and shoulders.*
Amane: When you're done with that, go warm yourself up in the bath. Or at the very least, take a hot shower.
Yuuji: Don't really feel like it right now...
Amane: I don't care if you feel like it, take one anyway! I know you think you're pretty tough, but no one's immune to hypothermia...
Yuuji: ...All right.
Narration: *Her argument's logical, and she delivered it with such a painfully stoic expression that I can't bring myself to be stubborn.*
Amane: The rain's... gotten a lot stronger, hasn't it...
Narration: *Gazing out the front windows into the grey sky, Amane mutters to no one in particular.*
Narration: *The rain started falling a little before dawn and hasn't let up since. If anything, the sound of water drumming against the building seems to grow louder with the passage of time.*
Makina: I hope Sacchin at least found some shelter...
Michiru: ...Don't worry. Even if she is outside, I'm sure she'd buy herself an umbrella. 
Makina: Yeah, you're right... Course she would... 
Narration: *Somebody breaks the silence, venting some new concern that's pushed its way into their mind; someone else offers their best attempt at soothing words, and we're left listening to the rain once more.*
Narration: *Since my return, we've repeated this pattern more times than I can count.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *A little after nine, Chizuru called to let me know she'd given formal notice to the police. It's been nearly four hours since then.*
Narration: *"Since we've decided to rely on the authorities, the most helpful thing you can do is keep calm and stay out of the way."*
Narration: *The police are fundamentally superior in terms of manpower and investigative skills. On top of which, they have the critical advantage of socially-sanctioned authority.*
Narration: *In other words, we can let the professionals take care of the rest.*
Narration: *A completely understandable judgment for a principal to make. Objectively, it's probably the wisest possible course of action.*
Narration: *...But however rational it may be, sitting around quietly like this is proving very hard to stomach.*
Narration: *I've spent longer than this standing by on the job, but it feels completely different this time.*
Narration: *The anxiety and frustration swirling around inside me seem to be growing exponentially with every hour that ticks by. It's increasingly a struggle to maintain my cool.*
Sachi: Then I'll be waiting in the usual place as of approximately five PM.
Narration: *Sachi definitely said those exact words to me just a few feet from where I'm sitting.*
Narration: *And when Sakaki and Amane went into her room to investigate, they didn't find any evidence she wandered off on some spur-of-the-moment journey.*
Narration: *The girl does have a slightly whimsical side, but it's hard to imagine her taking a trip without even packing a change of clothes...*
Michiru: Arghhh! What does Sachi think she's doing!?!
Narration: *Suddenly leaping up from the sofa, Michiru breaks the silence, her voice tinged with something close to desperation.*
Michiru: Does that girl have any idea how worried we are...? She better not think I'm going to let her off the hook... Cleaning all our rooms isn't going to cut it this time...
Amane: Michiru...
Makina: It's been a whole day since Sacchin went missin'... I'm sure her tummy's rumblin' like crazy by now...
Amane: I don't know what Sacchan's up to, but I'm sure she's not going hungry...
Makina: ...Really?
Yuuji: Yeah. Her wallet wasn't in her room, apparently... She's got money to eat, at least.
Makina: That's good ta hear...
Yumiko: ...But if she's gotten caught up in something, all bets are off.
Michiru: H-Hey, Yumiko... Don't even say things like that...
Yumiko: You can't deny the possibility exists.
Michiru: W-Well...
Narration: *Michiru falls back into an awkward silence.*
Narration: *Nobody's come out and said it until now, but we've all been thinking something of the sort. We all know Sakaki's right.*
Narration: *Considering Sachi's personality, it's hard to imagine she'd vanish without a word. And the completely normal condition of her room makes this even stranger.*
Narration: *No matter how much I want to deny it, there's a very real possibility something happened to her.*
Makina: ...So, did... Sacchin get kidnapped by bad guys?
Michiru: I-It'll be okay... I mean, we don't even know that yet... 
Narration: *Unable to fully deny that unpleasant possibility, Michiru's voice grows weak and uncertain.*
Yuuji: ...Michiru's right.
Yuuji: As long as we don't hear anything from the police or Sachi herself, we can't make any assumptions. And until then, we need to do what we can.
Narration: *Apparently the others are just as fed up with waiting around as I am. The instant the words leave my mouth, they lean in toward me with intent expressions on their faces.*
Amane: ...You're right. First of all, let's go through everything. Starting from the top.
Yuuji: Sounds about right.
Amane: Okay, I know we've all heard it by now, but... can you describe your conversation with Sacchan yesterday one more time, Yuuji? Every detail you can remember.
Yuuji: Yesterday morning, Sachi and I agreed to continue the testing at one PM, as usual...
Yuuji: But I got called to my part-time job at the last minute... I told Sachi we'd reschedule for five in the afternoon.
Amane: And how did Sacchan respond?
Yuuji: ...Said she might be a little late... Asked if that'd be all right.
Amane: A little late, huh...?
Michiru: We've been checking the classroom regularly since yesterday... but this isn't a "little" late, no matter how you cut it.
Amane: Yeah, definitely not...
Yuuji: After that, she just confirmed that she'd be waiting in the usual place as of five PM.
Michiru: "Waiting," huh... Sounds like she at least intended to head to the classroom...
Amane: I guess so, but―
Yumiko: ...Wait.
Narration: *Sakaki abruptly interrupts Amane's words, her eyes flashing.*
Yumiko: Was "the usual place" really the classroom?
Makina: Ah...
Yuuji: I see... That just might be it...
Michiru: ...Huh? W-What do you mean?
Narration: *With that one sentence, everyone (with the exception of a certain bottle-blond) instantly grasps what Sakaki's implying.*
Amane: If that's what happened, everything sort of fits...
Yuuji: Yeah... it's definitely coherent, but―
Michiru: Hey, hold it! Will you people stop agreeing with each other long enough to explain this to me!? Pleeeease!!
Makina: Abject grovelin' out of nowhere!
Yumiko: *Sigh*... All right. Suou-san, would you be so kind?
Amane: ...Okay then.
Narration: *After accepting Sakaki's request with a mildly exasperated nod, Amane sits up straight in her chair to explain.*
Amane: Okay... Michiru, you know that Sacchan never turns down a favor or breaks a promise, don't you?
Michiru: Of course I do...
Amane: Think about it. The simplest answer is that she's waiting for Yuuji, just like she promised.
Michiru: But she never showed up in the classroom...
Makina: An' that's the crux of th' matter!
Michiru: ...The crucks?
Amane: Right... Yuuji might've meant the classroom when he said "the usual place," but...
Amane: We don't know if that was true for Sacchan as well, now do we?
Michiru: Aah! Now I get it!!
Narration: *At this point, Amane finally succeeds in shoving Michiru's train of thought down the tracks to the point everyone else passed five minutes ago, prompting an overblown reaction.*
Yuuji: I didn't explicitly tell her to "wait in the classroom." There's a possibility she went somewhere else entirely.
Narration: *Normally, anyone would know I was referring to the classroom, but in Sachi's case a misunderstanding of some kind seems disturbingly plausible.*
Michiru: Right, right... Makes sense...
Michiru: So, where would "the usual place" be for Sachi?
Yumiko: ...That would be the problem, I suppose.
Yumiko: Even if Komine-san really is waiting in a different location, we aren't likely to find her unless we gain some idea where that might be.
Amane: True enough...
Yuuji: To be honest, I don't know what she could've thought I meant other than the classroom...
Makina: Hey, Onii-chan... did Sacchin say anythin' else at all?
Yuuji: ...No. Nothing else about the location, anyway.
Makina: Then... try ta remember all the places you've ever gone with Sacchin! She's gotta be waitin' in one of them!
Yuuji: I've been trying. Outside the school grounds, the only place that really comes to mind is the shopping district.
Makina: But if she was hangin' around over there, somebody woulda found her by now...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *For one thing, I thoroughly combed both the shopping district proper and the commercial area around the station.*
Amane: So in the end, we're right back where we started...
Yumiko: Not quite. We have something to think about now.
Makina: That's a start, fer sure! I'll rack my brains 'till I can't rack no more!
Michiru: Well, I'll try my best as well... but we're talking about places she's been with Yuuji. I think this one's pretty much up to him, when you get right down to it...
Narration: *As if on cue, all four turn their gazes toward me.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah, you're not wrong. I might be overlooking something here... I'm going to try to settle down and think this over as calmly as possible.
Amane: Sounds good... Sitting here moaning's hardly doing much for any of us, so we might as well get a bit of a fresh start.
Narration: *Everyone assents to Amane's suggestion. We temporarily suspend our meeting in an attempt to break out of this rut.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *The girls trudge back to their respective rooms. Soon enough, I'm left alone on the lobby sofa, gazing blankly out the window.*
Narration: *In the end, I throw myself right back into the problem without even taking the time to stand up and stretch my legs.*
Yuuji: The usual place, is it...?
Narration: *The "usual" modifier means it has to be somewhere she visits frequently. In context, some place that I've been with her on a regular basis.*
Narration: *No matter how many times I roll those conditions through my head, the only places that fit the bill are inside the grounds of this school.*
Narration: *It's enough to make me realize just how limited our relationship is. Sachi and I have really never been more than "classmates," our frequent interactions the result of simple proximity inside this somewhat claustrophobic school.*
Narration: *...Not that any of that is an excuse.*
Yuuji: So I can't even track down a single classmate without my special "eyes" and "ears"...?
Yuuji: Thank god my master's not alive to see this... She'd be in hysterics...
Narration: *...No.*
Narration: *If my master was here, she'd probably be angry at me before anything else. Angry that I'm wasting my time thinking about this crap instead of the problem at hand.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *...That's right. Think.*
Narration: *If the general premise I'm working from is correct, there has to be something I'm missing here.*
Narration: *This isn't the first time I've hit a wall like this. And Asako taught me what to do at times like these―*
Narration: *"The concept of coincidence was invented by vapid romanticists as a pick-up line."*
Narration: *"Listen up and listen good. Things happen the way they do for a reason."*
Narration: *"When none of it makes any goddamn sense, stop bashing your head against the wall and take a step back. Let your mind go limp."*
Narration: *"Just like the proverbial bluebird of happiness, the answer's gonna be sitting in a surprisingly obvious place."*
Yuuji: Surprisingly obvious, huh...?
Narration: *Come to think of it, it feels like plenty of things have happened even inside this birdcage of a school.*
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, at first I just had her down as a weirdly diligent girl.*
Narration: *But after a while, I found out she has a surprisingly amusing side. And eventually, I started getting genuinely interested in what makes her tick.*
Narration: *"Sachi kind of resembles me."*
Narration: *That thought might have been the biggest single reason for my uncharacteristic curiosity, but whatever the case... my little talks with her have been leaving a strong impression on me lately.*
Yuuji: Even so...
Narration: *There's just nothing there. Nothing in those memories that stands out as an answer.*
Yuuji: ...Goddamn it!
Narration: *Tearing my eyes away from the dour gray sky, I glance around the lobby in an attempt to distract myself from this unproductive frustration. A bamboo broom propped up beside the entrance catches my eye.*
Narration: *Seeing that broom sitting idly by is proof enough that Sachi's not around. It never seems to leave her side when she's puttering around the dorm.*
Yuuji: .........
Sachi: It's far more pleasant to find the places you use nice and clean, after all!
Narration: *Just yesterday, she made her "work" as a pseudo-maid sound like her life's mission...*
Narration: *Come to think of it, outside of the classroom Sachi's been wearing a maid uniform constantly since the day we met.*
Yuuji: ...!?
Yuuji: Hold on... Could I be making a really fundamental mistake in my assumptions here...?
Narration: *For one thing, if I was wrong about something that basic, the field of possibilities grows significantly wider.*
Narration: *And when I narrow those down using the conditions I've been rolling around in my head all this time...*
Yuuji: All of a sudden, I've got a completely different candidate for "the usual place."
Narration: *But if I'm right about this, there's one point in particular that seems completely inexplicable.*
Narration: *That said, we've reached a total dead end otherwise. I have no choice but to run with it―*
Michiru: ...Huh? Yuuji, are you going out to search again?
Narration: *Just as I'm rising to my feet, Michiru reappears in the lobby. Probably stopping by to check up on me.*
Yuuji: Yeah. I think I may know where Sachi is.
Michiru: Ah, that a fact...
Michiru: Wha-! Huh!? What did you just...?
Yuuji: Like I said, I might have figured out the "usual place" Sachi was talking about.
Yuuji: I'm going to head there to check right away. Let the others know, will you?
Michiru: Aah, yeah... I can handle that much, but...
Yuuji: ...All right. I'm counting on you, Michiru!
Michiru: B-Be careful out there, got that!?!
Narration: *Without pausing to grab an umbrella or raincoat, I rush out of the dorm, sent off by Michiru's earnest (if completely out-of-character) words of concern.*
Yuuji: Haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *Not bothering to avoid the puddles in the pocketed asphalt road, I sprint single-mindedly away from the dorm.*
Narration: *On the job, it's fundamental common sense not to set up an umbrella even in the middle of a typhoon. This rain doesn't even faze me.*
Yuuji: ...More importantly, every second counts right now.
Narration: *An entire day has passed since Sachi went missing. Twenty-four hours since she left the dorm.*
Narration: *And she may have been waiting for me all this time... She may still be waiting, even now.*
Narration: *The festering sense of frustration inside me swells to unbearable intensity.*
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: That's... unclear to me as well, to be perfectly honest...
Sachi: When you praise me, Kazami-san, the pit of my stomach gets nice and warm.
Sachi: It seems... I've fainted in front of you again...
Sachi: Very perceptive. It is a favorite of yours, isn't it?
Yuuji: Ironic... after all that time going around in circles, now it's like the dam broke...
Narration: *Just as my master said, the breakthrough was staring me in the face all along. Sachi gave me plenty of hints herself.*
Narration: *My new hypothesis growing firmer with every step, I make my way toward the other "usual place."*
Yuuji: ...Nothing left to do but see if she's there!
Yuuji: This place... hasn't changed as much as I expected...
Narration: *I mumble to myself, feeling my way through vaguely familiar streets.*
Narration: *Enduring a several hour train ride from Mishima Cape, I returned to this place for the first time in many years.*
Narration: *...This is the town where I was born.*
Narration: *In my earliest years, before my master took custody of me, I lived here with my parents and sister.*
Yuuji: Never thought I'd be coming back here, much less looking for Sachi...
Narration: *The only constant in life is its unpredictability.*
Narration: *Slowing my pace, I move carefully forward, guided only by faded memories.*
Narration: *The "usual place" that came to mind when all the reasonable answers failed was a small park...*
Narration: *My one and only childhood playground, situated on the outskirts of this town.*
Yuuji: Here we go...
Narration: *The area around the park is thoroughly deserted, and the streetlights outside are dimmed to an absolute minimum.*
Narration: *It's a small playground designed to give young children a place to romp around on sunny days, so that's all as expected.*
Narration: *There's no way anybody would be using this playground on a miserable, rainy evening like this one.*
Narration: *That would be the common-sense conclusion, but...*
Amane: Okay... Michiru, you know that Sacchan never turns down a favor or breaks a promise, don't you?
Amane: Think about it. The simplest answer is that she's waiting for Yuuji, just like she promised.
Narration: *I recall Amane's words from this morning.*
Narration: *We all knew what Sachi was like. We knew she was bizarrely obedient; we knew she was prone to making strange mistakes as a result of subtle misunderstandings.*
Narration: *But we'd all assumed those quirks were nothing more than a reflection of her diligent personality. We'd all assumed she would bend those rules of hers if it ever became truly necessary.*
Yuuji: That's exactly why... I don't want her to be here...
Narration: *Much as I want to find Sachi, those words spill out of my mouth.*
Narration: *...And contradictory as it might seem, I really mean them.*
Narration: *If Sachi's here, my initial concerns about her behavior were justified. My vague unease will become something far more concrete. Far harder to face.*
Narration: *Given any choice in the matter, I don't want that to happen.*
Yuuji: ...No. I can't afford to worry about that right now.
Narration: *Forcibly persuading myself to refocus on the problem at hand, I finally enter the park.*
Narration: *And once inside that dim, desolate playground, my eyes quickly find a small figure illuminated by moonlight.*
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: Ah... Kazami-san...
Narration: *The swing set's a tiny thing, made for the use of young children.*
Narration: *Crammed into the undersized wooden seat, indifferent to her rain-soaked clothes, Sachi looks up at me and smiles.*
Yuuji: ...Have you been waiting here since yesterday?
Sachi: Yes, I have.
Yuuji: Without even eating... in the rain... all this time...?
Sachi: Yes...
Yuuji: ―Goddamn idiot!!
Narration: *It's too much for me to endure. She's just too pitiful right now. Before I know it, I'm shouting down at her.*
Sachi: Wah... you seem to have gotten mad at me all of a sudden... I wonder why...?
Yuuji: Of course I'm angry!
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: Why...? Didn't you realize I wasn't coming...? Didn't you realize something was off...?
Yuuji: Why didn't you just leave!? Why the hell did you sit here all this time just to keep some worthless promise!?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: 'Cause... it was a promise with you, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: ...!?
Narration: *An intimate tone... completely unlike the formal style of speech Sachi usually employs...*
Narration: *And that vaguely embarrassing nickname...*
Narration: *The combination resonates nostalgically with memories rendered fuzzy and indistinct by the passage of time.*
???: Yuu-kun.
???: C'mon, Yuu-kun! Let's play on that next!
???: Eheheh... Thanks, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *Sachi's words...*
Narration: *The connections I'm drawing have to be real...*
Yuuji: ...Why would you pick up other people's trash?
Sachi: I mean, next time I come here to play, wouldn't it be nicer to find the place clean?
Narration: *...So my guess was correct after all.*
Yuuji: You and I... didn't meet for the first time in the Mihama dormitory... 
Sachi: That's right. In the past, we used to play together here.
Narration: *Sachi confirms my words casually. As if it was the most obvious thing in the world.*
Narration: *Of course, her mere presence in this place is proof enough.*
Yuuji: Sachi... how long have you known?
Sachi: I first considered the possibility... when you introduced yourself to me on the day you entered Mihama Academy...
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Through our various discussions over the last few months, I began to suspect in earnest...
Sachi: But I ultimately realized you were Yuu-kun... only when you stroked my head for the first time.
Yuuji: That... was enough to convince you?
Sachi: Yes, it was. You see, Kazami-san, your hand had the exact same warmth... as the hand of the boy I loved...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *In other words, Sachi realized some time ago, and kept quiet. Until now.*
Yuuji: Then... why didn't you say anything?
Sachi: What do you mean, why...?
Yuuji: I'm asking why you didn't tell me about all this... If I'd known, I might have remembered this place much more quickly, right?
Sachi: I apologize... It simply didn't occur to me that you might go anywhere else, Kazami-san...
Yuuji: ...It didn't... occur to you?
Sachi: That's correct...
Sachi: As children, we always arranged to meet in this park... In other words, we never played anywhere other than here.
Sachi: When you said "the usual place," this was the only location that came to mind...
Yuuji: Are you serious...?
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *So many things happened so fast back then... The details are still fuzzy for me, but...*
Narration: *Sachi's memories of the time we spent together don't seem to have faded, and this playground is clearly a very important place to her.*
Yuuji: But even so―
Sachi: Also... you never requested that I tell you...
Yuuji: ...!?
Narration: *...I see.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, Sachi's always been like this.*
Narration: *Silently carrying out her orders like a faithful robot, never expressing doubt or interjecting with her own opinion. Never advancing her own interests.*
Narration: *The rare exceptions come only when Sachi judges it strictly necessary. Even then, she's usually just seeking clarification.*
Narration: *There's no longer any doubt in my mind. Those "rules" have to be the very reason Sachi ended up in Mihama Academy.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *In other words, it's all exactly as I feared.*
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Kazami-san... why do you look so sad?
Yuuji: ...Because I am sad, idiot. What, aren't you?
Sachi: Let's see... Actually, I'm quite happy...
Yuuji: Happy...?
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: You might have been rather late, considering the time we originally agreed to... but you did show up in the end, Yuu-kun.
Sachi: So... I'm very happy indeed.
Yuuji: ......!
Narration: *As Sachi smiles up at me, I finally realize something.*
Narration: *The one thing about this girl that truly "resembles" me is the way she smiles.*
Narration: *An artificial thing, plastered on for the sake of lubricating social interactions. An attempt to put others at ease rather than a reflection of any real emotion.*
Narration: *Maybe she's not lying. Maybe she really is happy. But whatever the case, that smile is hollow.*
Narration: *How many times have I seen this expression on her face? And I'm only realizing now?*
Yuuji: Pathetic...
Narration: *No, maybe it's not surprising I didn't notice. I've managed to fool plenty of people the exact same way... It's a skill that develops with practice.*
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Kazami-san, please don't make such a miserable face...
Sachi: You kept your promise. That's what matters.
Sachi: So this time... it's my turn to play this role...
Narration: *Rising unsteadily to her feet, Sachi reaches up and brings her hand to rest on top of my head.*
Sachi: ...Thank you for keeping your promise, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ......!?
Narration: *Maybe it's sheer surprise. Maybe some part of me wants things to stay like this a little longer. I can't tell for sure.*
Narration: *Whatever the case, my body's frozen in place under the gentle movements of that small hand.*
Yuuji: Sachi... what're you...
Sachi: Well, uhm... I do apologize for not asking your permission first...
Sachi: But the last time I promised to wait in the usual place... you never showed up at this playground, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: I didn't...?
Sachi: I'm afraid not...
Sachi: But that wasn't your fault, Yuu-kun... I was a bad girl back then. I decided it was a "promise" all by myself... It's only natural that you didn't show up.
Sachi: But things were different this time. This time, we made a real promise.
Sachi: And... this time, you really did show up in the end...
Sachi: That makes me... very happy...
Yuuji: Sachi!!
Narration: *I catch Sachi in my arms as she collapses forward, the last of her strength gone.*
Sachi: Ah...
Sachi: I apologize, Kazami-san... I'll get right up...
Yuuji: Nothing to apologize for. Don't push yourself.
Sachi: I'm glad to hear you say that... For some reason, I can't quite seem to stand up at the moment...
Yuuji: Hardly surprising, after sitting through that rainstorm without eating or drinking...
Narration: *At a quick estimate, Sachi's been in this place 28 hours straight.*
Narration: *And I'm willing to bet that she didn't even allow herself to take a nap the whole time she was waiting for me.*
Narration: *No matter how sturdy the girl is, she must be well past the limits of her physical endurance by now.*
Sachi: But I promised... I'd take another of your tests now...
Yuuji: You don't need to worry about that either.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: The only thing you promised me was to wait until I showed up. And you kept that promise. You can rest now...
Sachi: ...That's... very nice to hear.
Narration: *With those words and a particularly weak attempt at a smile, Sachi instantly falls unconscious.*
Narration: *Within seconds she's gone totally limp, leaving me to bear her full weight in my arms. It's only then that I finally realize just how alarmingly cold her body is.*
Narration: *The girl's clearly in bad shape. To the point that she needs medical attention, and quickly.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Even so, the expression on her face as she sleeps seems genuinely happy. In a way that artificial smile never was... *
Narration: *I may be a pretty pitiful excuse for a human being... But maybe, just maybe, there's something I can do for this girl.*
Yuuji: You're a hell of a lot tougher than you look, Sachi...
Narration: *After brushing a few drops of rainwater from Sachi's face, I pull out my cell phone and call Chizuru.*

Sachi: ...Wait, Yuu-kun!!
Sachi: Why? Why won't you play with me anymore?
Sachi: That's not fair... Aren't we friends now? I thought we'd play lots and lots from now on...
Sachi: And now... we have to say goodbye all of a sudden...?
Sachi: ......!
Sachi: I'll be waiting tomorrow, okay!? Until you show up, Yuu-kun... I'll wait at the usual place, no matter how long it takes!!
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Even after hearing Sachi's story, this is about as much as I can remember... 
Narration: *As children, we parted abruptly. Our burgeoning friendship was cut off without warning.*
Narration: *That must have happened when I was forced to move away after my sister's death. That much makes sense.*
Narration: *...But there's still one part of all this that I find completely inexplicable.*
Narration: *I understand that Sachi has to be the same person who played with me as a child.*
Narration: *But the girl in my memories was energetic and strong-willed in the extreme; a little spoiled, even. Her personality and way of speaking were totally unlike the Sachi I know today.*
Narration: *Of course, people naturally change as they grow up, but I don't know of many transformations that dramatic. Something must have triggered such a radical shift.*
Yuuji: I'd guess that "something" is connected to our conversation back then, but...
Narration: *There's no way to know for sure until I learn more about Sachi's past. With what happened over the last two days, I think that's become necessary.*
Principal: ...Stargazing on the roof? Seems you have a surprisingly romantic side.
Yuuji: Ah, Chizuru...
Principal: I told you to wait in my office, didn't I?
Yuuji: ...Sorry. Felt like getting some air.
Principal: That so...
Narration: *Dropping the line of questioning, Chizuru walks up to stand at my side.*
Principal: ...I've contacted all concerned parties and dealt with the hospital paperwork.
Yuuji: Appreciate it. Sorry to push all the work on you.
Principal: Uh, that's my line. It's my job to supervise my students, and you're the one who actually found Komine-san...
Yuuji: ...True enough.
Principal: More importantly... shouldn't you be with Komine-san right now?
Yuuji: She's got four dedicated nurses at the moment. I think she'll be all right.
Principal: Well, yes... but still...
Yuuji: Women don't like having men ogle them as they sleep, right?
Principal: Geez... you're about the only person I know who could make such a stupid joke at a time like this.
Yuuji: Blame my sister, I inherited it from her. But anyway, I―
Principal: You had something else to take care of.
Yuuji: Right. Remember what you told me a little while ago? How you don't expect me to do anything in particular for this school or its students? 
Principal: ...Yes, I do recall saying that.
Yuuji: I've got a follow-up question.
Principal: And what would that be?
Yuuji: ...Are you willing to let me get involved on a voluntary basis?
Principal: Oh, but of course.
Yuuji: ...Good to know.
Narration: *Sounds almost like she was expecting this from the very start...*
Narration: *Guess there's a reason she's able to get by sitting around and sipping expensive tea all day.*
Principal: But are you sure about that? It's not like this is an "Ichigaya" mission. You're under no obligation to act... and there's no reason to believe getting involved will bring you any real benefit.
Yuuji: No, but I didn't come to this school for duty or profit. You might say I'm here precisely because I wanted something more than that.
Narration: *Right...*
Narration: *I wanted to understand the meaning of the words my master left me.*
Principal: Ah, I see...
Yuuji: Also, in a way I owe Sachi my life.
Principal: ...Komine-san... saved your life?
Yuuji: Sachi and I knew each other as kids... and it's probably thanks to her that I managed to push my way through the worst of it.
Principal: I must admit, that's a bit of a shock. I didn't know anything about this.
Yuuji: Not surprising. I just remembered a little while ago myself.
Principal: I see...
Narration: *Lowering her hand from the fence, Chizuru turns to face me.*
Principal: But given circumstances like those, I can understand why it's Komine-san in particular.
Yuuji: "Circumstances" aside... simple truth is, Sachi caught my interest as she is today. 
Principal: Caught your interest, eh...?
Principal: In that case, perhaps you're ready to reconsider. Shall I give you my files on Komine-san?
Yuuji: ...Like I said before, that won't be necessary.
Principal: Do you plan to interrogate Komine-san, then? Knowing full well she can't refuse to answer?
Yuuji: That's not it either.
Principal: Then―
Yuuji: I'll handle this my way.
Yuuji: In this case, maybe it's a pointlessly roundabout method. But I've gotten by with it all this time, so I'm going to stick with what I know.
Principal: I see. A clumsy but straightforward approach... Very much like you.
Yuuji: Was that supposed to be a compliment?
Principal: ...A very interesting question.
Narration: *Blatantly evading the question, Chizuru offers me a composed smile.*
Yuuji: All right. Think it's about time I got going.
Principal: Okay. If you need something from me, just say the word.
Yuuji: ...I'm counting on it, Principal Tachibana.
Yuuji: Well then...
Narration: *Stepping outside the school grounds, I retrieve my cell phone from my pocket.*
Narration: *Even if it does ultimately come down to asking for someone's help, I'll stick to the methods I trust most.*
Narration: *If I want to change something... to accomplish something meaningful... I think that's the way it has to be.*
Yuuji: ...Julia, I need a favor.
Sachi: .........
Amane: ...Surprisingly peaceful look on her face, huh?
Michiru: For crying out loud... Does she have any idea how scared we were? Talk about happy-go-lucky...
Makina: There sure as heck better not be some crappy twist where she stays this way forever... 
Michiru: Okay, don't just invent completely horrible stuff out of nowhere, thanks...
Makina: Grm... I'm jus' that worried about Sacchin...
Yumiko: There's no need to worry about that, I believe.
Yumiko: From what the nurses tell me, she's simply physically exhausted. This is nothing more than a deep sleep.
Makina: That's good ta hear...
Amane: Seriously, though, I'm impressed Yuuji found her in the first place.
Michiru: Yeah, now that you mention it...
Makina: Th' power of love is amazin'!
Yumiko: ...Perhaps so.
Makina: Awhoah!? That's th' absolute last person I expected ta take the bait... 
Yumiko: I-It's not like I meant anything by it... It's just that... they seem to have been getting friendlier lately, so... the explanation seemed vaguely plausible...
Michiru: Cut it out, Yumiko... You're not just overlapping with my character, you've actually got skills...
Amane: Skills might not be the right word. I'm pretty sure Sakaki-san is a natural...
Michiru: I won't give up! Sometimes farm-raised eels are even tastier than the ones they catch in the wild! So there!!
Makina: Aw, shaddup already, Chiruchiru... Yer gonna wake Sacchin up...
Michiru: Guh...! You're the one who started this, you know...!
Yumiko: In any case, we're well past the normal visiting hours by now. I think it's about time we took our leave for the moment.
Amane: That's true. We've got a lot of stuff we need to bring her, after all... Like a change of clothes, for starters.
Michiru: Would've been nice if that idiot Yuuji stuck around to help... The heck is he doing, anyway...?
Amane: True, he just said "I've got something to take care of" and ran right off...
Yumiko: ...He was the one who witnessed the scene, not us. I'm sure he simply knows something we don't.
Michiru: Does he really have to keep up the cool guy act at a time like this...?
Makina: But that's what gets ya moist, right?
Michiru: Shaddup!!
Amane: All right, already... You really are going to wake her up. Let's withdraw for now, okay?
Michiru: Y-Yeah, I get the message...
Makina: ...Mmkay, Sacchin. We'll be back in no time, so be a good girl 'till then, a'ight?
Sachi: ......
Date: *July 29, 2011, 00:25 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Mere moments after I pick up the sound of a well-tuned V8 engine approaching, a familiar yellow "prancing horse" pulls smoothly to a halt in front of my eyes.*
JB: ...Hello there, Yuuji.
Narration: *And a split-second later, the person I've been expecting emerges from the driver's seat.*
JB: Geez... I'm about the only person in the world who'd come running to answer a call at this hour, you know that?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I do. And I appreciate it.
JB: ......
Narration: *When I offer a few straight-forward words of thanks, JB furrows her brow.*
Yuuji: Something wrong?
JB: When you answer an attempt at sarcasm in that serious a tone of voice, it's a little hard to find a follow-up...
Yuuji: My bad...
JB: It's not like I'm upset or anything. So this girl's the one you were talking about before, right? The one who doesn't feel stress?
Narration: *As JB speaks, she holds out a single manila envelope.*
JB: ...By the way, this is technically confidential material.
Yuuji: Right. That's why I had to ask you, Julia.
JB: Well... I suppose it's difficult to criticize you, given that I actually brought it...
Yuuji: Thanks. I owe you for this one.
JB: ......
JB: You're not much fun when you're honest, Yuuji...
Narration: *JB shrugs her shoulders as I take the documents from her hand.*
Narration: *It's not that I don't trust Chizuru, but I prefer to get my information from a familiar, reliable source.*
JB: Also, I assume you're aware... but I did take a look at these documents beforehand.
Yuuji: Yeah, not a problem.
JB: I was aware that the kids in this school all had their problems... but this girl went through a lot in her own right.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *I was more or less expecting JB to read the documents before handing them over... but judging from her vague language, it seems there was indeed something fairly dramatic inside.*
JB: This next question I'm asking purely as your friend. Why do you want to know about her problems? Planning something in particular?
Yuuji: Don't know yet, but...
JB: ...But?
Yuuji: If there's something I can do for her after reading these... I think I will.
JB: ......
Narration: *JB answers my words with a searching gaze, her expression unusually serious.*
Narration: *I stare steadily back into her eyes. For a moment, there's silence between us.*
JB: ...I see. In that case, I won't say anything. 
Yuuji: You're not opposed to the idea?
JB: I don't have the right to take your private life from you on top of everything else... and I know you wouldn't say something like that unless you had a worthwhile reason.
Yuuji: ...In other words, you trust me?
JB: I suppose so. At the very least, I believe I know how you think.
JB: After all, I'm your guardian, your superior, and your friend, all in one package.
Yuuji: ...True enough.
Narration: *With my master and my older sister dead, JB's without a doubt the foremost living authority on the subject of me.*
JB: That said, allow me to make one thing perfectly clear... No matter what happens next, you're going to perform your job as always.
Yuuji: Yeah, of course. That was the plan.
JB: ...It's a relief to hear you say that. You may be on reserve duty for the moment, but there are still quite a lot of people relying on you.
Narration: *Apparently satisfied, JB gives me a friendly thump on the shoulder as she passes by.*
JB: All right then. I'm going to get going.
Yuuji: Right. I appreciate the help, JB.
JB: If you'd like to express your gratitude in a more concrete way, treat me to some three-star Italian sometime.
Narration: *Returning to her usual playful tone, JB deftly brushes a loose strand of her thick golden hair into place, then steps back into her car.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I'll make a note.
Narration: *As the "prancing horse" grows small in the distance, I mutter wryly to myself.*
Narration: *After returning to the courtyard, I sit down on a nearby bench and examine the contents of the envelope JB handed me.*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *At a glance, it's six pages filled with text, almost certainly printed from a personal computer.*
Yuuji: So now I've got my hands on Sachi's past...
Narration: *What's more, I managed to obtain it quietly, from a source with absolutely no connection to these events.*
Narration: *For JB, it was probably a simple job involving nothing more challenging than a few minutes of database crawling on a neglected terminal.*
Yuuji: But this way... if and how I make use of this information is completely up to me...
Sachi: Mm...
Sachi: Mmm...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *When I open my eyes, I'm staring up at an unfamiliar ceiling.*
Sachi: Where am I...?
Narration: *The lights are off, and there's only faint illumination flowing in from the window.*
Narration: *But as my eyes grow accustomed to the darkness, it doesn't take long for me to realize that I'm in a hospital.*
Sachi: I see... I fainted at the playground...
Narration: *Kazami-san must have carried me here afterward.*
Narration: *And judging from the Tunafish Man figurine standing watch at my bedside, Maki-chan and the others paid me a visit.*
Sachi: Kazami-san... was Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Kazami-san and I played together as children. For a time, he was a very dear friend to me.*
Narration: *I realized as much some time ago, but I don't believe that knowledge prompted any dramatic change inside me.*
Narration: *Therefore, I had assumed the same was true for Kazami-san; that he had realized the truth long ago, and simply decided to keep things as they were.*
Narration: *But in reality, he never associated me with the girl he knew back then. To him, "the usual place" was somewhere else entirely.*
Narration: *―The thought makes my heart ache.*
Sachi: ......!
Narration: *For some reason... when I close my eyes, I see Kazami-san's sorrowful face looking down at me in the playground.*
Narration: *And as I remember that moment, the vise gripping my chest grows gradually tighter.*
Sachi: That's strange...
Sachi: I'm not... a bad girl anymore, am I...?
Sachi: As long as I'm a good girl... and do what I'm told... I thought it wouldn't hurt anymore...
Narration: *The more I think, the more sluggish I feel. It's as though a heavy weight is pressing down on my body.*
Sachi: ...Haa.
Narration: *...Thank goodness I'm alone.*
Narration: *If someone else had been here... I'm not sure I could have been my normal self for them.*
Narration: *After all, I'm currently incapable of something as simple as reaching over to turn on the lights.*
Sachi: Ngh...
Narration: *Soon enough, my physical discomfort is accompanied by a building sense of panic, inexpressible in words.*
Narration: *A horrible choking sensation crawls slowly but steadily up my throat.*
Sachi: St... no...!
Narration: *As I moan incoherently, my hands reflexively clutch at the blanket draped over my body.*
Narration: *I squeeze my eyes tightly closed in an attempt to shut out reality.*
Sachi: ...!?
Narration: *It's no good... The harder I try to repress the memory, the more clearly it rises to the surface.*
Narration: *I know that it's the cause of my pain, but I simply can't escape that image.*
Sachi: ...Nnggh!
Narration: *Perhaps it's because I'm weaker than usual after my long wait in the rain...*
Narration: *Even as I wince at the first throbbing stabs of a sudden headache, an overwhelming weariness washes over my body. Just keeping my eyes open seems unbearably burdensome.*
Sachi: Ugh, ggh...
Narration: *My field of vision grows narrower as my eyelids fall halfway closed. I can faintly hear the sound of my clenched teeth rattling in my mouth.*
Narration: *It feels as if the temperature of the room has plunged, to the point that I almost expect my breath to form white clouds before my eyes.*
Sachi: Hah! Hah! Haahh!
Narration: *I roughly gasp for air, panting like a dog, helplessly enduring the unceasing waves of pain.*
Sachi: Gaahah! Hah! Haa... haa!!
Narration: *Eventually, it becomes difficult to tell whether my eyes are open or shut. And as my physical agony reaches its climax, it's joined by an unfathomably profound sense of "loss."*
Narration: *My trembling hands creep upward, seeking reassurance that my head hasn't simply been lopped off at the neck.*
Sachi: ......!!
Narration: *It's all right. That couldn't possibly have happened.*
Narration: *I understand that rationally, but the delusion is so vivid that I can't bring myself to lower my hands.*
Narration: *Post-traumatic stress disorder―*
Narration: *"PTSD."*
Narration: *As a child, when I first suffered these symptoms, the doctor who examined me dispassionately offered that diagnosis.*
Narration: *A severe mental illness brought on by violent wounds to the mind, leading to a persistent range of stress-related impediments.*
Narration: *I've researched the disorder and its symptoms in great detail over the years from every source I could find.*
Narration: *Among the many symptoms, the one I truly fear is clinically referred to as "recurrent involuntary memory." More commonly known as the "flashback."*
Sachi: Nhhgh!
Narration: *If I curl my body into a tight ball like this, I can endure the pain and exhaustion somehow.*
Narration: *But the worst of the suffering is yet to come.*
Sachi: N... no... no...!
Narration: *As I begin to imagine "that moment," tears flood out of my eyes, and I shake my head from side to side like a spoiled child throwing a temper tantrum.*
Sachi: Nhah! Haa, haa, haa... haa...
Narration: *Lukewarm drool dribbles out of my gaping mouth as I'm wracked by dry heaves. At some point, my groans give way to convulsive sobs.*
Sachi: ...I'm sorry... I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Narration: *...This is how it always happens.*
Narration: *After enduring the pain, I see the dream.*
Narration: *The memories I've tried so very hard to forget force their way into my mind. Still vivid and clear, after all this time.*
Narration: *The profound darkness, buried deep inside by my own conscious efforts, pushes its way back to the surface.*
Narration: *How many times have I seen this dream since that day?*
Narration: *The mere idea of trying to count seems rather ridiculous by now.*
Narration: *I'll never escape this nightmare, will I? Never. It'll be with me for all eternity.*
Narration: *And...*
Narration: *―The nightmare begins, as always, with two words.*
???: Sachi... why...?

Narration: *A Certain Day, 20XX, 12:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa...
Sachi: I'm hooome!!
Mom: Welcome back, Sachi.
Dad: Did you have fun at school today?
Sachi: ...Yeah!♪
Narration: *The workshop was constantly filled with the clamor of industrial machines. But when I shouted out a greeting, my parents never failed to put down their work and answer.*
Narration: *My gentle mother, who always smelled like freshly dried laundry, and my smiling father, whose face was constantly smeared with grease and oil...*
Narration: *I loved them both very much.*
Narration: *My earliest memories, from the days before I entered elementary school, are all wonderfully happy.*
Narration: *My dad was a metalworker and engineer from Niigata, and my mom was born into a family that operated a small precision-manufacturing workshop in Kanagawa. About twenty years ago, they met at a technology fair and fell in love. Soon enough, they'd started up a little factory of their own on the outskirts of this small city.*
Narration: *I was born shortly thereafter, completing an intimate little family of three.*
Mom: W-What should we do, dear...? Sachi won't stop crying...
Dad: Looks like she has a fever, too... Let's get her to the hospital right away!
Mom: But... we still haven't delivered that order, and the deadline was this evening...
Dad: What about it? If we grovel later, it'll work out somehow! Sachi's a hundred times more important!
Mom: ...Okay!
Narration: *The orders placed at that freshly established workshop tended to be small in scale. And its track record couldn't have been called "excellent" even as polite flattery.*
Narration: *The primary cause: my parents prioritized their new-born child above all else, frequently missing important deadlines for my sake...*
Narration: *But despite their inconsistent job performance, their character won respect and affection. Our young family was able to get by thanks to the support of others.*
Sachi: Mommy, Mommy! Let's go shoppin' together, okay?
Mom: Well, let's see... I suppose it is around time to start getting ready for dinner, but...
Dad: Sure. Don't worry about the job. You two go have fun.
Mom: I'm sorry, dear...
Dad: No worries. This shouldn't take long anyway.
Sachi: Okay then, we'll buy you some of your fav'rite beer, Daddy!
Dad: Hahaha. Thanks, Sachi.
Narration: *Even once I got a little bigger, I still spent lots of time with my parents...*
Narration: *Especially in the evenings, I'd always pull at my mom's hand and beg her to go shopping with me.*
Mom: ...What do you feel like eating tonight, Sachi?
Sachi: Egg bits!
Mom: Heheheh. I'm not talking about the toppings... How about salisbury steak or sukiyaki? You know, something you really like.
Sachi: Okay, then... shark!!
Mom: S-Shark is a little much...
Sachi: ...Can't you eat sharks?
Mom: Well, yes... I know you love sharks, Sachi, but... could we maybe go with something else for today?
Sachi: Hmmm... Okay then, I want octa'pus sausages!
Mom: ......
Mom: I'm sorry, Sachi...
Sachi: What for, Mommy?
Sachi: I love your octa'pusses and sunny-side-up eggs more than anything else, you know?
Mom: ...That's very sweet. I love you too, Sachi.
Sachi: Eheheh...
Old　Lady: Ah, it's Sacchan. Another outing with Mom, eh? Lucky girl.
Sachi: Yeah!♪
Narration: *Thinking back on it now, our household was definitely on the poor side.*
Narration: *You could count on one hand the number of times per year a real "treat" of a meal graced our dinner table.*
Narration: *But Mom's cooking was always delicious anyway, and more importantly, I loved the feeling of her soft, warm hand wrapping around mine.*
Narration: *Fortunately, the adults around us watched over our family with warm gazes and small acts of kindness.*
Shopkeep: Okay then, this is a freebie.
Mom: Again...? That's very kind of you...
Shopkeep: No, no... We've got it tough ourselves, what with that supermarket they opened over by the station, but...
Shopkeep: You're still quite the loyal customer, Komine-san. Have to show our appreciation.
Mom: Thank you very much.
Sachi: Gramps, thanks for always givin' us freebies!
Shopkeep: Oh? What a very polite young lady you've become already, Sacchan!
Shopkeep: Allll right then! Your gramps is gonna throw in a little meat as well, so have yourselves some fried chicken tonight!
Sachi: Whoaaa...
Mom: You're really too kind...
Shopkeep: Gaaahahaha! Yeah, the old ball and chain might give me an earful for this one.
Mom: Thanks for your hard work today, dear.
Dad: Yep. You too, nice work as always.
Sachi: Good work, ev'rybody!
Narration: *Surrounded by Mom's cooking, we thanked each other for our daily labors as Dad tilted his beer glass.*
Narration: *When the dishes in front of us were about halfway gone and the glass sat empty in front of him, Dad would always sit back in his chair and start to tell me a story.*
Dad: Hey, Sachi. Do you know about etching?
Sachi: Nuh-uh... never heard of it...
Mom: Dear... Sachi's only five years old, remember? It would be pretty bizarre if she did know.
Dad: You think...?
Dad: When I was Sachi's age, I was already sneaking into my dad's workshop and fiddling around with the machines, y'know...?
Sachi: But the machines in your workshop aren't any fun, Daddy. I like playing with dolls better.
Dad: Hmm... that's how it is, huh...? Well, you are a girl, after all...
Sachi: Yeah. When I grow up, I'm gonna be a mommy just like Mommy!
Mom: Sachi...
Dad: Oho... you really say some cute stuff, Sachi...
Dad: Okay then. I'll tell you about one of Daddy's uncles who makes toy dolls in his factory.
Sachi: Yeah! I wanna hear about the dolls!!
Narration: *Dad's stories were almost always connected to his job somehow...*
Narration: *Even so, it was fun to hear about new things, and I was in awe of him for knowing all that super-complicated stuff.*
Narration: *But what always impressed me more than anything else was his amazing handiness.*
Sachi: Daddy, I changed the battery, but this clock still won't tick-tock...
Dad: Hmm? Let's see here...
Dad: Hrm... looks like the circuit's broken. They must have done a sloppy job soldering the wires...
Sachi: Can you make it tick-tock again?
Dad: Yeah, no problem. I can fix this right away.
Sachi: Wah... you're amazing, Daddy!
Dad: Hahaha. A clock that won't tick I can handle. Wish it was this easy to deal with Mom when she's ticked off!
Narration: *Dad loved playing with machines from a very young age, so he could repair almost anything.*
Narration: *Because of that, the things we bought tended to last much longer than they would normally, and I always thought of him as some kind of wizard.*
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Hey, Daddy... what's that?
Dad: Ah, right... this is called a music box.
Sachi: A music box?
Mom: When you open the lid, it turns on a little device inside that plays sounds.
Sachi: Ooh, really...?
Mom: Sachi, would this be the first time you've seen a music box?
Sachi: Yeah... and it made a really gorgeous sound, too...
Mom: Oh...? You know what the word "gorgeous" means, Sachi?
Sachi: Uh-huh. They said it on TV last night.
Mom: I see... And you thought this song was beautiful?
Sachi: Yeah... it was really pretty...
Mom: I see... I'm very happy to hear you say that, Sachi.
Sachi: ...? Why?
Dad: Well, Sachi, the song inside this music box brings back a lot of memories for Mom and Dad. It's the song that played at our wedding ceremony.
Sachi: Wedding ceremony...?
Mom: Let's see... A wedding is sort of like a promise you make with the person you love. You swear to find happiness together.
Sachi: Find happiness...
Mom: Sachi, your name's written with the character for "happiness," you know?
Sachi: ...Really?
Mom: Yep...
Mom: So when you grow up... I'm sure you'll marry someone you love, too. And be very happy together.
Sachi: Okay... Then when I get big, I'll marry Mommy and Daddy too!
Mom　and　Dad: ......
Dad: Mom! Do we have a voice recorder somewhere!?
Mom: Geez... don't be ridiculous, dear...
Sachi: ...Daddy, do you wanna marry me too?
Dad: Yeah, you bet I do! I've fallen in love with you all over again, Sachi!
Sachi: Eheheh... really...?
Mom: But... you have to get a lot bigger before you can marry anyone, okay?
Sachi: Okay! I'll drink lotsa milk and get real big!
Narration: *From that day forth, the sound of that music box became a familiar part of my life.*
Narration: *The gentle melody that accompanied our family gatherings felt almost like a symbol of happiness itself.*
Narration: *I'd always understood that Dad loved me just as much as Mom, although he was often busy with work...*
Narration: *And since I happened to love him very much myself, I had a habit of begging him to play with me on the weekends.*
Sachi: Daddy, Daddy! C'mon, let's go play outside!
Dad: Oho... you're energetic as always, Sachi.
Sachi: Sunday's the day for playing outside with Daddy. It's a rule!
Dad: Is it, now...?
Sachi: So you gotta play with me, okay?
Dad: Guess you're right about that... Why don't we go play catch in the park, then?
Sachi: ...Catch?
Dad: ...Okay, attagirl. Next, just aim right here and throw the ball as hard as you can.
Sachi: Throw... the ball...
Sachi: ...Hyah!
Dad: Oho, pretty good arm on you, Sachi. That's an amazing throw for your first try!
Sachi: Really?
Dad: Yeah. Daddy was never any good at sports, but... fortunately, it looks you take after your mom on this one.
Sachi: Eheheh...
Narration: *I think Dad probably wanted a boy.*
Narration: *Not that he ever came out and admitted it, of course...*
Narration: *But when he watched me tossing a baseball around or playing soccer, his eyes were livelier than usual.*
Narration: *Once I caught on, I started begging him to play with me even on weekdays, eager to see that happy expression on his face.*
Narration: *But of course, Dad had his work to take care of, so he couldn't tag along every time.*
Narration: *As a result, I sometimes had too much time on my hands. One particularly dull afternoon, I decided on a total whim to imitate Mom and clean the floor of the workshop.*
Narration: *And when I did...*
Sachi: Mm... mm...
Mom: Goodness, Sachi... What are you doing with that broom?
Sachi: Hm? I'm cleaning.
Mom: ......
Mom: You're so thoughtful, Sachi!!
Sachi: Huh...?
Mom: How sweet of you to help out without even being asked! Mommy's very happy!
Sachi: ......
Mom: Listen to this, dear! Sachi started cleaning the workshop all by herself!
Dad: What!? Seriously!?
Mom: Yeah! C'mon over here and help me praise her.
Narration: *As my parents showered me in compliments, almost like the time I'd brought home the first prize for a picture I'd drawn in kindergarten, I blushed with joy.*
Narration: *Their initial reaction was surprising enough, but after work that day, both Dad and Mom came outside to play with me.*
Sachi: C'mon, Mommy! Over here!!
Mom: Goodness... Since when was Sachi such a fast runner...?
Dad: Haa... haa... good question. Can you two take it a little easy on me here? I can't keep up...
Sachi: Nooo way! Today, Mommy and me are gonna take you down once and for all!
Mom: Hehehe. Yes, Mommy likes this plan!
Dad: Oh man... what did I do to deserve this?
Everyone: Hahahahaha...
Narration: *We laughed and played until evening came. For one day, the machines sat silent in the workshop.*
Narration: *In exchange, our house was filled with the resounding melody of the music box. And from that shining moment, I was left with a powerful new conviction.*
Narration: *"It makes Mommy and Daddy happy when I clean up. If I do it again, they'll play with me more."*
Narration: *Motivated by that simple thought, I began to clean the workshop and our house whenever I had the time.*
Sachi: C'mon, Mommy an' Daddy! Work's over now, so let's go play!
Dad: Okay, okay... We'll clean up real quick, so at least wait for us to get changed.
Sachi: No way! If we don't hurry, somebody else is gonna capture th' sandbox!
Mom: Geez... Sachi, you're too much...
Narration: *And sure enough, whenever I cleaned up for them, my parents would emerge from the workshop with resigned smiles on their faces.*
Narration: *After witnessing that same scene play out countless times, I'm sure the neighbors had me down as a slightly spoiled little tomboy.*
Narration: *Not that I noticed at the time, so caught up in every precious moment...*
Narration: *Back then, my world consisted of nothing but the things before my eyes, the places my short legs could carry me. And it was more than enough.*
Narration: *―But eventually, my way of thinking did undergo a clear change.*
Narration: *That day, a little while into my first year of elementary school, I proudly brought home my first perfect test.*
Mom: Amazing... It really is a 100...
Dad: ......
Mom: ...Hello, dear? Are you paying attention?
Dad: Uh, yeah, sorry... I was so shocked I sort of stopped breathing for a second there...
Mom: Hehehe. Amazing as this is, that seems a bit over the top...
Sachi: Seriously, Daddy...
Dad: No, no, I think not!
Dad: Daddy used to get a few perfect scores himself... but I don't remember managing many in a subject as tricky as math.
Dad: Guess you're not just an athlete, Sachi. You've got some real brains...
Mom: So it seems. In celebration of your first perfect score, I'll have to outdo myself and make a real feast tonight!♪
Sachi: Really!? Yahay!♪
Narration: *At the time, I was a very simple person.*
Narration: *"Being praised makes me happy."*
Narration: *"When I do well on tests, Mom and Dad are really nice."*
Narration: *"And the food at dinner gets better, too!"*
Narration: *"In that case, I'm gonna get good scores every time!"*
Narration: *Having reached that conclusion, I shifted my efforts to my studies.*
Narration: *I always listened carefully in school, and at home I'd voluntarily head off to my desk and pore over my books.*
Dad: A perfect score on your social studies test, too...?
Sachi: The teacher said I was the only one in the whole class to get 100 on this one!
Mom: Lately you seem to have been studying hard at home as well... I'm really looking forward to seeing your report card.
Sachi: Eheheh...
Narration: *The harder I tried, the more my parents complimented me. The more effort I put in, the wider the smiles on their faces.*
Narration: *That was all there was to it. But simple as I was, that was more than enough to motivate me.*
Narration: *As I focused on that clear objective, my grades soared with astonishing swiftness.*
Mom: ...Here we go. We're celebrating you getting all B's and above on your report card today, Sachi.
Sachi: Whoaaa... hand-rolled sushi...?
Mom: You've really been working hard lately, you know? We've got to return the favor.
Sachi: ...Return the favor?
Dad: That's right. "Putting in the effort" is way easier said than done, after all.
Dad: It's only natural that we'd praise you for pulling this off.
Sachi: Eheheh. Okay...
Dad: That's right. I think a little reward may even be in order. I'll buy you anything you want, okay?
Mom: Heheh... "Anything," dear? You might regret that one.
Dad: Hey, it's fine every once in a while. C'mon, Sachi, what's your pleasure?
Sachi: Hmmmm...
Sachi: I don't think I really want anything...
Dad: Huh...?
Sachi: Mommy and Daddy praised me, and I even got to eat some sushi... I don't need anything else.
Mom: Sachi...
Narration: *...Those were my true feelings.*
Narration: *Of course, sometimes I did look at the pretty new clothes my friends wore and feel a little envious...*
Narration: *And I sort of wanted to visit those fancy amusement parks they talked about on TV, too.*
Narration: *But when I went home after school, Mom and Dad were always waiting.*
Narration: *The music box played its beautiful song in the background...*
Narration: *And the people I loved had smiles on their faces.*
Narration: *That was more than enough for me.*
Narration: *―But those tranquil days didn't last forever.*
Narration: *One day, word got out that Dad's family had received a contract for grinding lenses that would be used on a space shuttle, leading to media interest and a TV interview.*
Narration: *We'd contributed intricate metal molds that were now valuable manufacturing assets. With the sudden burst of publicity, a few major orders started trickling down to our workshop as well.*
Narration: *Dad had always been skilled, and now he had the chance to prove it. In the blink of an eye, rumors were spreading about the high-quality precision dies our workshop produced...*
Narration: *Before we knew it, our little branch of the business was flooded with more orders than even his parents' workshop.*
Narration: *A year or so after these events, my life had changed dramatically.*
Sachi: I'm home!
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Welcome back...
Narration: *Back from school, I yelled out a greeting to the workshop from force of habit. But there was no answer from Mom and Dad.*
Narration: *Instead, I was welcomed home by the drone of industrial machines, a constant companion from morning through night.*
Narration: *On the dining table, a gorgeous meal was waiting for me. But the clouds of steam that proved the food was freshly made were missing.*
Narration: *The pencils I used to wear down to the nub had all been replaced with nice new pens, but I no longer heard Dad's encouraging voice at my side as I studied.*
Narration: *I could wear all sorts of brand-new clothes, but Mom didn't sew shark appliques onto my dresses anymore.*
Narration: *Among all these, what hurt most was the simplest change of all: I no longer spent much time with my parents.*
Narration: *Producing metal dies is precision manufacturing, requiring both high technical knowledge and natural skill. It was extremely difficult to find qualified new employees for such a small business.*
Narration: *Dealing with a workload that had suddenly doubled with the same number of people as before, there was no choice but to increase working hours proportionally...*
Narration: *The amount of time Mom and Dad spent in the house became extremely limited, and the amount of time I spent alone grew dramatically.*
Narration: *Even so, I wanted their attention just as badly as before. Sometimes I would sit up waiting, rubbing my drowsy eyes until the machines finally fell quiet.*
Sachi: Hi Mom... Hi Dad... Welcome home...
Dad: Aah... hey, Sachi...
Mom: You're still up, dear?
Sachi: Uhm, yeah... I really wanted to show you guys something today.
Mom: You have something to show us?
Sachi: Uh-huh...
Sachi: Here, see? I got my first 100 on a science test today.
Dad: Ooh, I see... You're really something else, Sachi...
Mom: Congratulations, Sachi...
Sachi: Yeah...
Narration: *And when I did, my parents would still listen to what I had to say.*
Narration: *But even then, they didn't smile like before. Their faces were always lined with exhaustion, their eyes dull.*
Narration: *I knew they were busy because Dad's family had been on TV. I just had to tough it out a little longer and things would be back to normal.*
Narration: *I did my best to believe that. I waited as patiently as I could for my parents to get less busy.*
Narration: *...But rather than diminishing, the work kept pouring steadily in. Even after three months, then half a year, the situation didn't improve in the slightest.*
Narration: *In fact, things eventually got so frantic that my parents hired a housekeeper to look after things...*
Narration: *She cooked and took care of the laundry in Mom's place. She accepted the handouts I brought home. When there was a parents' night at school, she was the one who showed up.*
Narration: *The housekeeper was a diligent person who took her job seriously, and she was always nice to me.*
Narration: *...But that wasn't enough.*
Narration: *For some reason, I never felt particularly happy when the housekeeper patted my head gently and praised my achievements.*
Narration: *So one day, taking advantage of a brief pause in the feverish activity in my parents' workshop, I rushed up to Mom and tried to show off my latest test...*
Mom: I'm sorry, Sachi. Mom's got to head out for a meeting with one of our client companies...
Sachi: ...When will you be back?
Mom: Hmm... probably very late... Show me next time, okay?
Sachi: Ah...
Sachi: ......
Sachi: But I finally got a 100 on a Japanese test... And it's my worst subject...
Narration: *For the first time, I couldn't get her to even glance at the paper.*
Narration: *I still remember the shock and anger I felt. Crumpling the test into a ball, I threw it into a trash can.*
Narration: *And on the night I turned nine years old...*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Neither Mom nor Dad were waiting for me―*
Narration: *Instead, I was greeted by a feast our housekeeper had prepared, and a pile of presents stacked up on the table.*
Narration: *But I didn't have the slightest interest in the food in front of me, much less the colorfully wrapped boxes.*
Narration: *"This stuff isn't what I wanted."*
Narration: *The only thing on my mind was conveying that simple truth to my parents. And so I sat, and I waited.*
Narration: *Even when the clock ticked past nine, and our housekeeper headed home...*
Narration: *Even when unfamiliar shows started to appear on the television, which I'd left on so I could hear the sound of human voices, I didn't budge.*
Narration: *And a little after the hour hand on the clock crept past eleven, the clamor of the machines finally came to a stop.*
Dad: Looks like we'll be able to get them the delivery tomorrow after all...
Mom: But... we've got to get started on the next job right away, or we'll never make it...
Dad: Yeah...
Dad: Huh? Sachi...?
Mom: Were you... waiting for us to finish working?
Sachi: Uh-huh...
Dad: I see... Sorry to keep you up, kiddo...
Dad: Ooh, that's right. I know it's a little late, but happy ninth birthday.
Mom: Happy birthday, Sachi.
Sachi: Yeah...
Mom: I know we've been making you feel a bit lonely lately... so we sort of splurged on the presents, you know?
Sachi: ......
Mom: What's the matter, Sachi? Does your stomach hurt?
Dad: Now that you mention it... she hasn't touched the meal, has she...
Sachi: ...I don't want it.
Mom: What...?
Sachi: I don't want the presents... or the nice food...
Sachi: So...
Sachi: Instead of eating steak alone... and listening to a bunch of machines clanging... I wanna eat curry together...
Narration: *Before I knew it, the words had slipped out of my mouth, and tears were running down my cheeks.*
Narration: *Those were the words I'd kept shut away tightly inside ever since the workshop got busy. My honest, selfish feelings.*
Narration: *For the first time in a while, I was the spoiled little girl again.*
Mom　and　Dad: ......
Narration: *As soon as the words left my mouth, my parents' eyes opened wide with surprise.*
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *When that shock gave way to awkward, troubled expressions, I realized the mistake I'd just made.*
Narration: *"I just said something really mean to Mom and Dad..."*
Narration: *The instant I understood how selfish my words had been, my heart started to throb painfully in my chest. I stood up from the table and ran from the room, trying to escape the sudden wave of guilt.*
Sachi: ...!
Narration: *Dashing into my room, I burrowed down into the futon and cried my eyes out.*
Narration: *I was angry at my parents, who couldn't spare a single night for me even on my birthday...*
Narration: *And I was angry at myself, for being cruel to my exhausted parents, who'd been forced to work by circumstances beyond their control.*
Narration: *Tormented by this jumbled mixture of intense emotions, I cried into my pillow until morning came.*
Narration: *That was my ninth birthday.*
Narration: *After that miserable day, I decided to change my way of thinking and start fresh.*
Narration: *Maybe finally saying what I'd kept locked inside helped. Maybe all the crying got all the poison out of my system...*
Narration: *Either way, I found a new conviction to cling to: "If what I've been doing isn't enough, I'll just have to try even harder."*
Narration: *Not merely devoting myself to my studies, I began to actively volunteer for class representative and other student government duties...*
Narration: *I threw myself into anything that seemed like it might put smiles on my parents' faces, even learning to play the music box song they loved so much.*
Narration: *Probably because of that broad, spirited effort, my results at school rose so high that I broke the top ten list for our year...*
Narration: *Grades other than "A" disappeared from my report card entirely, and the comments were increasingly filled with effusive praise about how I'd become an "example for the other students."*
Narration: *But even then―*
Sachi: Dad, today was the closing ceremony... so I got my report card.
Dad: Ooh... already that time of year, eh...
Sachi: And guess what...? This time, all my grades were A's.
Dad: Okay, I'll take a careful look once I'm finished with this job... so can you wait just a little longer?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Forget it...
Dad: ......
Narration: *In the end, nothing changed.*
Narration: *Even when I brought home a straight-A report card for the first time, Mom and Dad didn't pay attention to me like they used to.*
Narration: *If the best possible results weren't good enough, it could only mean that my parents had started to hate me.*
Narration: *No matter how good my grades got, it wouldn't make them start loving me again.*
Narration: *They were probably working really hard on their job so they could get enough money to run away together.*
Narration: *The more I thought, the more dejected I felt. Why had I even bothered to try so hard all that time...?*
Narration: *Before I knew it, my legs had carried me to the neighborhood park where we'd once played together as a family.*
Sachi: This place's still the same...
Sachi: The round bench at the center and the sandbox next to the ladybug... It's all just like it used to be...
Narration: *But I might never be able to play there again. Not like I had before.*
Narration: *"I'm the saddest kid in the world. Abandoned by my own parents."*
Narration: *It was only a few moments after I'd convinced myself of this that I noticed the mysterious boy.*
???: ......
Narration: *He wasn't doing a thing. Just sitting quietly on a swing, staring off into space.*
Narration: *I'd always thought of the park as a place where everyone played all the time, so that motionless boy struck me as out of place.*
Narration: *"What's that kid doing over there?"*
Narration: *Only a few seconds after that first twinge of curiosity, I walked right up to him.*
Sachi: Hey...
Sachi: Hey... can you hear me?
Yuuji: Huh...?
Sachi: Like I said, can you hear me...?
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Maybe you can't, then?
Yuuji: If I couldn't hear you, I don't think I'd be able to answer...
Sachi: Aah, yeah... I guess you're right...
Yuuji: ...So, uhm, did you want something?
Sachi: Yep. I was curious about what you're doing...
Yuuji: ...Well, I wasn't doing anything, I guess.
Sachi: Hm? What's that supposed to mean...?
Yuuji: Well, my sister told me... that sometimes, people need to spend some time doing nothing at all...
Sachi: Hmm. Your sister says some interesting stuff.
Yuuji: Yeah, that's what everyone says...
Sachi: But you're in a playground, so there's lots of stuff to do. Wouldn't it be more fun to actually use that swing? Or play on the jungle gym, or something?
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: ...Don't you think so?
Yuuji: Yeah, you're probably right...
Sachi: Okay then, let's play together.
Yuuji: Huh...?
Sachi: I came here because I sorta wanted to play. And you just agreed that the playground's more fun that way.
Sachi: So there's no reason not to play together, right?
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: ...C'mon, let's go!
Narration: *The boy looked so painfully bored that even the "saddest kid in the world" had forgotten to feel sorry for herself.*
Narration: *As he blinked up at me, completely dumbfounded, I grabbed him by the hand and pulled him along after me.*
Narration: *That was how I met Yuu-kun―*
Sachi: Uhm... what should we do first...? Ah, wait!
Yuuji: ...What's wrong?
Sachi: I forgot to ask what your name is...
Yuuji: Yeah, I guess you did...
Sachi: Eheheh. Okay then, for the record... what's your name?
Yuuji: Yuuji... Kazami Yuuji...
Sachi: Kazami Yuuji, eh...? Okay then, I'm gonna call you Yuu-kun from now on.
Yuuji: Huh...?
Sachi: It's easier to say, don't you think?
Yuuji: ...What's your name, then?
Sachi: I'm Sachi. Komine Sachi.
Yuuji: ...Shachi? Like an orca?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: ...Hey, Yuu-kun. Mind if I smack you right in the kisser?
Yuuji: S-Sorry...
Sachi: Anyway, you can call me whatever you want. Except that.
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Okay then... I guess I'll go with "Sacchan."
Sachi: So it's Sacchan after all...?
Yuuji: I mean, nothing else really comes to mind...
Sachi: Mmm... guess it'll have to do...
Narration: *After this brief exchange of introductions, we immediately got down to the business at hand.*
Sachi: Okay then, we're starting with that one, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ...The jungle gym?
Sachi: Yep. Whoever gets to the top first wins! Readysetgo!
Yuuji: Uh... W-Wait, hold on a second!
Narration: *After deciding the event on a whim, I forcibly started the game.*
Narration: *Yuu-kun didn't have many suggestions himself; but when I pulled on his arm, he'd follow.*
Narration: *Pretty heavy-handed, I know...*
Narration: *Anyway, we must've been fairly evenly matched in reflexes and strength. Every game was a competitive match. I was always the winner, of course, but only by a narrow margin.*
Narration: *That made the games much more fun, so I just kept going and going. Before I knew it, the sun had begun to sink below the horizon.*
Yuuji: Oh... I think I need to go home pretty soon...
Sachi: Wah... it's this late already?
Yuuji: Yeah, we ended up playing a whole lot...
Sachi: Are you gonna be late? Sorry for keeping you...
Yuuji: That's okay... It'll be fine as long as I head straight home.
Sachi: Ehehe. That's good, then.
Yuuji: Yeah.
Sachi: Okay. Bye-bye, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Bye... Thanks for playing with me today.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Kind of weird for the person who got dragged around all day to say "thanks" to the person who was doing the dragging.*
Narration: *It was all so odd that I thought about Yuu-kun the whole way back home. I ended up so lost in thought that I barely touched the meal our housekeeper had made for me.*
Narration: *Once he actually started playing, I think he enjoyed it just as much as I did.*
Narration: *But when I was trying to think up new games, or when we stopped for a break, Yuu-kun went right back to the expression I saw on his face at the start.*
Narration: *Why was Yuu-kun in that playground in the first place? It obviously wasn't to play.*
Narration: *...Maybe something bad happened at his home, too.*
Narration: *Partly out of simple curiosity, I decided that I wanted to see Yuu-kun again. The very next day, I made my way back to the playground.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *And sure enough, he was sitting on the exact same swing with the exact same downcast look on his face.*
Sachi: Hello there, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Hi...
Sachi: ...You answered me right away this time.
Yuuji: Well, yeah... And you said hello to me again, Sacchan.
Sachi: C'mon, we played together all day yesterday. We're friends now, right?
Yuuji: Friends...?
Sachi: ...Too early for that, maybe?
Yuuji: ...No. Thanks for calling me your friend.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ...Uhm, did I say something weird?
Sachi: Not really. I was just thinking that you kinda say "thanks" a lot, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: That's... something else my sister told me.
Yuuji: People who can offer thanks to others "have a happier road through life than people who can't," so...
Sachi: ...You really love your sister, don't you, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: Huh...?
Sachi: I mean, you brought up her advice yesterday too.
Yuuji: I guess I did, now that you mention it...
Sachi: ...So? Am I right?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: Sometimes I don't really understand what my big sister's thinking, and sometimes she's even kinda scary...
Yuuji: But she's normally really nice to me... I think I love her more than anyone else in my family.
Sachi: No kidding...
Sachi: But anyway, I agree with your big sister on this one, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ...Really?
Sachi: My mom says the same thing all the time. "When somebody's nice to you, make sure you say thanks."
Yuuji: ...So I guess you love your mom, Sacchan?
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: Since you brought up her advice.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Yeah. I love my mom and dad very much.
Yuuji: No kidding...?
Sachi: Yep...
Narration: *As the conversation moved along, we slowly learned more about each other. That was surprisingly fun in its own way.*
Sachi: Hey, Yuu-kun. We ran into each other again and all, so why don't we play some more?
Yuuji: I don't mind, but... is it really any fun playing with someone like me?
Sachi: Of course it is. You're pretty good at climbing and running yourself, so all the games we played were really close. I had a ton of fun yesterday.
Yuuji: Thanks... it's nice of you to say that...
Sachi: Hehehe. There you go again.
Yuuji: Ah, you're right...
Narration: *But that was fine by me. For some reason, every time Yuu-kun said "thanks" in that slightly bashful voice, I felt genuinely happy.*
Sachi: ...By the way, how old are you, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: Uh, I'm ten...
Sachi: Whoa... I'm younger than you, huh?
Yuuji: Huh...? Seriously? I was so sure it was the other way around...
Sachi: ...Oh really? Why did you think I was older, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: I mean... you're stronger than me, and I'm a boy...
Sachi: Aah! You're so mean, Yuu-kun! That makes me sound like some kind of she-hulk...
Yuuji: S-Sorry...
Sachi: Hehehe. You don't have to apologize. I'm not that angry.
Yuuji: ...Really? That's good.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *I'd only been trying to tease the slightly timid Yuu-kun a bit...*
Narration: *But when he smiled with sincere relief to learn that I wasn't upset with him, I was surprised to feel my heart flutter briefly in my chest.*
Sachi: By the way, Yuu-kun, why did you start coming to this park?
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Ah...
Sachi: Should I... not have asked that question?
Yuuji: No... it's okay...
Yuuji: I just came here because I didn't want to be at home.
Sachi: ...I kinda thought so. Did something bad happen?
Yuuji: Not really anything "bad"... but I didn't want to be in the way...
Sachi: ...In the way?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: You might not believe it, but my sister's what they call a "genius"...
Yuuji: If she just studies a little, she can win first prize at anything. That's how smart she is.
Sachi: Wah... y-your sister's kind of amazing, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: But lately she hasn't been winning that many awards... At home, she's been paying more attention to me than her paintings and stuff.
Yuuji: Dad got really angry when he noticed that...
Yuuji: He told me... "You're useless trash, but Kazuki's actually worth something. Don't drag her down with you..."
Yuuji: So I try to stay out of the house as much as I can. To keep out of my sister's way...
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: Sorry... Not really an interesting story, is it?
Sachi: You're not...
Sachi: You're not trash!!
Yuuji: Huh...?
Sachi: That's terrible! And so is your dad for saying it!!
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: You're not useless, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: You're strong and fast, and it's really fun playing with you...
Sachi: Just because your sister's smart doesn't make you worthless... That's just a mean, stupid thing to say...
Yuuji: Sacchan...
Sachi: You're fine just the way you are, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: So... don't ever think... you're an unwanted kid, okay...?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I hadn't intended to cry.*
Narration: *But I really was angry at Yuu-kun's stupid dad...*
Narration: *And the way he didn't belong in his own home reminded me so much of my own problems... they sort of got jumbled together in my mind...*
Narration: *I couldn't help shouting that it wasn't true. That he... that I... wasn't unwanted.*
Yuuji: Sorry... Don't cry, Sacchan...
Sachi: No, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to start sobbing all of a sudden...
Yuuji: It's okay... Thanks for getting mad for me.
Sachi: That's not it... I'm mad because...
Yuuji: Because something bad happened at home, right?
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: But that doesn't matter. You still got angry because of what my dad said.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Of course I did... I don't think you're worthless, Yuu-kun. I really don't.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: So in return, I'll play anything you want today. For as long as you want.
Sachi: ...Are you sure?
Yuuji: Uh-huh...
Sachi: Even a playground ironman race?
Yuuji: ...Playground ironman?
Sachi: Yep. The first time I tried this, Dad hurt his back and had to bow out halfway through...
Sachi: First you make castles in the sand pit, then ten chin-ups and stuff, and two round trips on the monkey bars, too...
Sachi: Last up, endless swinging until you flip over the bar. It's the ultimate playground marathon!
Yuuji: T-That sounds a little...
Sachi: Then how about playing until you have to go home, like yesterday...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah. I'd be glad to.
Sachi: Eheheh. All right, I'll settle for that!
Narration: *I firmly wiped the tears from my eyes, then seized Yuu-kun's hand and set off running for the seesaw.*
Narration: *From that moment, the day sped past in a blur...*
Narration: *Covered in sand, the two of us explored every inch of the park, playing and playing until well past the time we "had" to leave.*
Narration: *And when I finally made my way home on that second night, I discovered a clear and pleasant change inside myself.*
Narration: *For months, the droning sound of the machines from the workshop had bothered me so much that falling asleep was always a struggle. But that day, I was snoring peacefully away the moment my head hit the pillow.*
Narration: *Exhaustion from running around all day definitely had something to do with it, but more than anything else, I think it was because I suddenly felt so happy.*
Narration: *In the park where I might never again play with my family, I'd stumbled across a nice boy my age.*
Narration: *He was a sweet kid who said "thank you" at the drop of a hat, so things would definitely go well. We'd be best friends in no time.*
Narration: *For some reason, I felt absolutely certain of that.*
Narration: *As it turned out, my hunch was on the money...*
Narration: *After those first few meetings, Yuu-kun and I started playing together in the park pretty much every day.*
Narration: *At first, we headed home quietly when the sun began to set. But after a while, we naturally started to say "See you tomorrow"...*
Narration: *And when one of us couldn't make it for whatever reason, we'd let the other know in advance.*
Yuuji: ...Sacchan, what're you doing over there?
Sachi: C'mon, what does it look like I'm doing...? I'm picking up the trash.
Yuuji: Yeah, but why?
Sachi: I mean, next time I come here to play, wouldn't it be nicer to find the place clean?
Yuuji: Wow... you're so thoughtful, Sacchan...
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: I mean, lots of people might think the same thing, but that doesn't mean they'd clean up the mess themselves.
Yuuji: And you did it without even thinking about it... You're kind of amazing.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ...Did I... say something weird again?
Sachi: Nuh-uh... I haven't gotten praised like that in a while... so I was just a little surprised...
Yuuji: ...You haven't?
Sachi: My mom and dad... used to compliment me when I did something good.
Sachi: But right now... they're busy at work, so...
Yuuji: ...Okay. In that case, I guess I'll have to take over that job for now.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: It doesn't seem hard to find stuff to praise about you. I think even I can handle this one.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: That okay with you?
Sachi: Yeah... that's fine, but...
Yuuji: Okay, in that case...
Yuuji: Good job, Sacchan.
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *With those words, Yuu-kun brought his hand to rest on top of my head. It was far smaller than Mom's hand, let alone Dad's, and yet...*
Narration: *In that moment, his hand felt gentler and warmer than any other I'd known.*
Sachi: Ehehe... Thanks, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *Yuu-kun didn't just play with me. He gave me the attention I'd been craving.*
Narration: *When I did well or tried hard, he'd compliment me right away. When I messed up or tried something risky, he'd give me a few gentle words of concern.*
Narration: *Apparently that also had something to do with his big sister's teachings, but whatever the case, Yuu-kun's thoughtful warnings made me almost as happy as his praise.*
Narration: *Lately, I'd started to wonder why I was trying so hard when no one even cared enough to look...*
Narration: *But now, Yuu-kun was watching me. I had a new reason to do my best.*
Sachi: All right, make sure not to blink! Here goes...
Yuuji: Yeah... Be careful, okay...?
Sachi: ...Hayah!!
Sachi: Well? Well? Did I pull it off?
Yuuji: Yeah... you spun all the way around perfectly...
Sachi: Eheheh... thanks.
Yuuji: That's really amazing... Not that I'm much good at the horizontal bar or anything, but I've never done a forward flip even once...
Sachi: I don't think it's that amazing... but today's the first time I managed it. I wanted to show you first, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Oh... really? Thanks, Sacchan.
Sachi: Eheheh...
Sachi: ...*Smack*
Yuuji: Huh...?
Sachi: ...That's a reward. For playing with me all the time.
Yuuji: Yeah... t-thanks...
Narration: *When I tried hard at something, Yuu-kun would always praise me.*
Narration: *Sometimes, overflowing with happiness, I'd give him a kiss on the cheek in return. And more than once, I drove myself so hard in pursuit of some new achievement that I ended up passing out on the playground.*
Narration: *That was how much Yuu-kun's words meant to me...*
Narration: *He had stepped into the gap left by my parents' absence, giving me the attention and affection they no longer would.*
Narration: *As I grew more and more conscious of what he meant to me, my daily life was quickly transformed.*
Narration: *I spent less and less time inside the house. When I got home from school, I'd head straight off to the playground.*
Narration: *More than anything else, I looked forward to the time I could spend playing with Yuu-kun...*
Narration: *At home, the constant grinding of the machines and the perpetual silence of our music box were still painful, but I found I could endure them now.*
Narration: *Not to say that I didn't interact with my parents at all...*
Mom: You seem to have been playing at the park quite a lot lately, Sachi.
Sachi: Uh-huh... I made friends with a kid named Yuu-kun there.
Mom: I see... I'm glad to hear that...
Sachi: Yeah... I'm okay. Good luck with your job, Mom...
Narration: *When coincidence brought us together, we were able to hold slightly awkward but reasonably friendly conversations.*
Narration: *Even so, I had stopped actively trying to regain their attention.*
Narration: *In contrast to the steadily shrinking place my parents held in my heart, Yuu-kun's presence grew larger and larger by the day.*
Narration: *"I wish it'd hurry up and be tomorrow so I can play with Yuu-kun again..."*
Narration: *―It didn't take long for those feelings to blossom into a faint but unmistakable love.*
Sachi: Uhm, hey... Yuu-kun, do you have... someone you love?
Yuuji: Hmm... like I said before, I guess my sister?
Sachi: Well... not that sort of love... Like, a person you want to marry or something...
Yuuji: Marry...? I haven't even thought about that stuff yet... Sacchan, are you thinking about it already?
Sachi: Huh!? Me!?
Yuuji: Well, you brought it up, so I thought you were probably interested...
Sachi: R-Right... makes sense...
Yuuji: Yeah. So... do you have someone you want to marry?
Sachi: ......Yeah.
Yuuji: No kidding? Okay, then, I―
Sachi: B-But here's the thing! Anyone who wants to marry me has to be qualified!
Yuuji: ...Uh, qualified?
Sachi: ...That's right. I won't marry anyone unless they can beat me at shoe-kicking.
Yuuji: Shoe-kicking...?
Sachi: Uh-huh... you sit down on the swing like this, an' see who can kick their shoe further...
Yuuji: Aah... I get it...
Sachi: ......
Sachi: So, wanna try...? Y'know, just for the heck of it...
Yuuji: Huh? Me?
Sachi: Yeah... maybe you can kick your shoe further than me... Let's try it out!
Yuuji: Hmm... sounds kinda fun, I guess... Sure, I'll play.
Sachi: Y-Yeah! All right, I'll go first...
Yuuji: Confident, huh? Well, it does seem like something you'd be good at, Sacchan...
Sachi: ...Hiyah!!
Yuuji: Whoa... that went pretty far...
Sachi: Y-Yeah... so, uh, now it's your turn, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Yeah... I'm not that confident, but...
Yuuji: ...Yah!!
Sachi: Ah...
Yuuji: Ahahah... guess I can't beat you after all, Sacchan...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *I purposely went a little easy on my kick, but I still ended up beating Yuu-kun.*
Narration: *Every once in a while, being naturally athletic can be a curse instead of a blessing...*
Narration: *I spent that night curled up in my bed, bitterly regretting coming up with that stupid "qualification" in the first place. There must have been a better way to hide my embarrassment than that...*
Narration: *And so, time slipped steadily by, my feelings unspoken...*
Narration: *But as my next birthday grew near, my relationship with Yuu-kun started to change in a different way.*
Sachi: So anyway, Dad ended up making Mom really angry...
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Uh... Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: Hm? Oh, sorry. I was kind of spacing out...
Sachi: Geez... you're the one who asked about my family, Yuu-kun. I was putting my heart and soul into that story...
Yuuji: Yeah, you're right... Sorry...
Narration: *Yuu-kun had always listened intently to my stories. This was the first time I could remember his attention wandering in the middle of a conversation.*
Narration: *But my unease was relieved quickly enough. He apologized and listened to the rest of my story. I figured he must've just had something on his mind that day.*
Narration: *And yet―*
Yuuji: Sacchan... do you think there's a God?
Sachi: ...Huh?
Yuuji: Y'know, one who knows everything... and can do anything...
Yuuji: If there's a God that strong watching over us... even if things look really bad, it'll turn out okay in the end, right?
Sachi: Hmm, well... I haven't even seen God, so I don't really know if he exists...
Sachi: But... lotsa grown-ups pray for his help, so I guess he must be really strong...
Yuuji: Yeah, that's gotta be right... God's gotta be really powerful...
Sachi: Uh-huh... probably...
Yuuji: That's what I thought too. Thanks, Sacchan.
Sachi: Sure...
Narration: *Sometimes he'd suddenly talk about God or other weird stuff. More often, he'd sit rocking on a swing, staring off into the distance with a blank look on his face.*
Narration: *It was the old familiar expression from the first time I met him. The expression he'd stopped making after we became friends...*
Narration: *I had a vague idea that something must have happened at Yuu-kun's home.*
Narration: *But I was still just a kid, powerless to offer any real help...*
Narration: *When Yuu-kun asked me those questions, clearly searching for reassurance, all I could do was listen, nod, and try to hide my concern.*
Narration: *At the same time, the blizzard of work that had buried my parents for so long was finally starting to slow down a bit...*
Narration: *The machines weren't clattering quite as late into the night as they used to. Once or twice, I went home early to find my parents making small talk with strangers in suits.*
Narration: *Like most kids, I did get pretty curious about what the adults were talking about. But when I eavesdropped, all I got was a whole bunch of words I didn't really understand flying back and forth...*
Narration: *I got the idea they were talking about the machines in the workshop, but the specifics went right over my head.*
Narration: *"They're probably buying replacements for the old machines while it's not so busy."*
Narration: *But only a few days after I reached that conclusion, our housekeeper told me she'd be leaving the job.*
Narration: *Apparently, Mom told her she'd be able to handle the chores by herself again.*
Narration: *It was nice that my parents were getting less busy, and that Mom would be looking after the house again, but...*
Narration: *At the time, my mind was so full of anxious thoughts of Yuu-kun that I couldn't manage to feel happy about anything else. Lately, he'd been showing up at the playground a lot less frequently.*
Sachi: Yuu-kun, Yuu-kun! What should we play next?
Yuuji: Sorry... I've got something I have to do today... I have to head home now...
Sachi: Oh... okay then. See you tomorrow.
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: I don't think I can come tomorrow.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: But... I'll play with you the day after that, okay?
Sachi: ...All right. I'll see you in two days, then.
Yuuji: Yeah... sure. Bye, Sacchan...
Narration: *Our meetings slowly grew fewer and further between.*
Narration: *The loneliness reminded me of the painful days when my parents had first begun ignoring me in favor of their job. Watching helplessly as Yuu-kun trudged away, my mind churned with sadness and fear.*
Narration: *"At this rate, Yuu-kun's going to leave me too..."*
Narration: *I couldn't let that happen again. I couldn't let another person I loved abandon me. This time, I had to stop it somehow.*
Narration: *The next time I saw Yuu-kun, I decided to use my birthday as an excuse to coax him into spending more time with me.*
Sachi: Uhm, you know what...? Tomorrow's my birthday...
Yuuji: Oh... really...?
Sachi: Yeah... so, uhm... do you think you can play with me, maybe?
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Actually... I probably won't be able to play with you for a while, Sacchan...
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: A bunch of stuff happened at home... I think it's gonna be hard for me to get outside from now on...
Sachi: No way... Why? This is so sudden...
Yuuji: Turns out... there isn't any such thing as God...
Sachi: ...God?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: Nobody's... gonna protect me anymore...
Yuuji: I probably won't be able to play in the park like this again...
Sachi: Don't say that...
Yuuji: I'm sorry. I know I should have told you sooner, but...
Yuuji: Sacchan, you always looked forward to playing with me... I didn't want to make you sad...
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: But vanishing suddenly without telling you would be even worse...
Yuuji: So today... I came to say goodbye.
Sachi: ...Does that mean I won't ever see you again?
Yuuji: I don't know for sure... but it's definitely possible...
Sachi: No way...
Yuuji: And I snuck out of the house today, so I have to get back before Dad notices...
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Hey... tomorrow's my birthday, you know...?
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...I'm sorry I can't celebrate it with you, Sacchan...
Sachi: !?
Yuuji: Okay, I'm gonna go now...
Sachi: ...Wait, Yuu-kun!!
Sachi: Why? Why won't you play with me anymore?
Sachi: That's not fair... Aren't we friends now? I thought we'd play lots and lots from now on...
Sachi: And now... we have to say goodbye all of a sudden...?
Sachi: ......!
Sachi: I'll be waiting tomorrow, okay!? Until you show up, Yuu-kun... I'll wait at the usual place, no matter how long it takes!!
Narration: *As Yuu-kun slowly walked away for the very last time, I yelled at the top of my lungs. More loudly and more desperately than I ever had before in my entire life.*
Narration: *But he never paused. He never turned back.*
Narration: *"Yuu-kun's leaving me..."*
Narration: *"Maybe I was right... Maybe everyone I love abandons me."*
Narration: *Paralyzed by miserable self-pity, I couldn't even chase after him...*
Narration: *For a long time after that abrupt farewell, I could only stand stock-still at the entrance to the park, wallowing in confusion and pain.*
Narration: *―And on the morning of my tenth birthday...*
Narration: *Rubbing my red, swollen eyes as I crawled out of bed, I immediately realized that something was different.*
Narration: *For one thing, I couldn't hear the droning of the machines that had been running from the early morning hours for months now. And for another, the smell of fresh miso soup was wafting through the air from the kitchen.*
Narration: *"Could that be Mom cooking? What about work...?"*
Narration: *Still half-asleep and completely non-plussed, I wandered over to the living room, where an unexpected sight was waiting for me.*
Dad: Good morning, Sachi.
Mom: Good morning...
Narration: *Mom and Dad were sitting next to each other on the far side of the table, almost as if they'd been waiting for me to wake up.*
Narration: *After greeting me, they waited with gentle smiles for my answer.*
Narration: *It almost felt like I was reliving a memory from the days before they'd become so busy. The sheer surprise was such that it took me a moment to find a response.*
Sachi: Y-Yeah... good morning...
Dad: Hm? What's wrong, Sachi? You're a little wide-eyed there...
Sachi: I mean... I can't hear the machines today... and Mom and Dad, you're both in the house this early...?
Dad: ...True enough. After the way we've been acting, I guess it's only natural that you'd be surprised.
Mom: Considering the way things have been lately...
Narration: *The two of them smiled sadly at each other, then turned right back to me.*
Mom: You see, Sachi...
Mom: Since today's your birthday, we took the day off from work.
Sachi: Huh...?
Dad: We know how lonely you've been feeling, and we thought it was about time we started making it up to you...
Dad: Of course, we're going to celebrate your birthday with a cake tonight. But first, Mom and I want to play with you all day long.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *The words coming out of their mouths were exactly what I'd been longing desperately to hear for so many months...*
Narration: *It felt so much like a dream that I very nearly pinched myself.*
Dad: ......
Mom: ......
Narration: *Mom and Dad would be at my side again, like they used to be.*
Narration: *Just like when every day was full of happiness, we could play together as a family once more.*
Narration: *That was what I'd wanted all along. Even while I was playing with Yuu-kun, I'd daydreamed countless times about this very moment.*
Narration: *And now it was real. My parents were giving me the gentle, caring words I'd longed to hear. My heart should have been bursting with joy.*
Narration: *―And yet, what I felt instead was dark, intense anger. As though a hidden flame, long smoldering in some hidden cranny of my mind, had found the oxygen it needed to burst into a blazing wildfire.*
Narration: *"No matter how hard I tried, they completely ignored me... why now, all of a sudden?"*
Narration: *"Do they seriously think taking one day off work is gonna make me forget how sad I've been all this time? Good luck with that..."*
Narration: *"Yuu-kun took their place, but now even he's gone... So why?"*
Narration: *"Why now? Why do they think... they can just..."*
Narration: *Cold black bitterness spreading through my body, I lifted my head to give my parents their answer.*
Sachi: ......!
Sachi: Don't bother...
Mom: Huh...?
Sachi: You don't... have to force yourselves to play with me or anything...
Dad: ......!
Sachi: I'm just fine by myself...
Sachi: I know how much you guys love your jobs... Don't worry, I won't ask you to take a break just to be with me...
Sachi: So... if...
Sachi: If you want to celebrate my birthday that much, go ahead and do it without me!!
Narration: *The instant those sulky words left my mouth, I bolted out of the living room.*
Dad: Sachi!?
Mom: Wait, Sachi!!
Narration: *They called out to me from behind, but I just kept running. Out the door, away from our house.*
Narration: *Not that I was headed anywhere in particular.*
Narration: *Anywhere would be fine, as long as Mom and Dad weren't there.*
Narration: *I didn't want to see their faces. I didn't want to hear their voices.*
Sachi: ......! ......! ......!
Narration: *I ran as fast as my legs could carry me, my hands clenched tightly into fists, biting my lower lip until the sickening taste of iron filled my mouth.*
Narration: *As I fled, the only thing in my mind was anger at my parents.*
Narration: *Looking back on it now, it wasn't much more than an irrational outburst of pent-up emotion.*
Narration: *But still, rather than feeling happy at their promise to celebrate my birthday together...*
Narration: *I was outraged at my parents for wrapping up all the sadness and pain I'd felt for so long into those bland words about "feeling lonely."*
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *And in the end, my blind, aimless flight carried me to that familiar playground.*
Narration: *I hadn't consciously thought about making my way here.*
Narration: *If anything, I was intentionally trying to stay away from the area close to my home. At some point, I'd definitely passed a hospital much further away than this place.*
Narration: *Even so, some unconscious part of my mind had guided me to this destination.*
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Narration: *The impact of the previous day's events must have been just that strong.*
Narration: *I couldn't simply accept that unbelievably abrupt goodbye...*
Narration: *As Yuu-kun left, I had screamed that I'd be waiting for him today.*
Narration: *If I forced a one-sided "promise" on him, maybe he'd slip out of his house to see me.*
Narration: *That selfish, childish hope was still alive inside me.*
Sachi: What... time is it...?
Narration: *Wiping the sweat from my forehead, I looked up to the tall clock tower nearby. It was a little past ten in the morning.*
Narration: *Yuu-kun always came to the playground about half past one on weekends, but I decided I might as well start waiting now.*
Narration: *That way, I'd be here even if Yuu-kun came early. And if Mom and Dad showed up, I could always just run away again.*
Sachi: Yeah... that's right...
Narration: *Trying to disguise the pain and anxiety growing inside me, I forced myself to believe in this spur-of-the-moment plan.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *I walked over to the swingset, where the two of us had always sat side by side, and settled into my seat.*
Narration: *The day before, I told Yuu-kun I would wait for him in this park. But it wasn't like he promised to come play with me. He hadn't even responded to my words.*
Narration: *There was no guarantee Yuu-kun would come to this park.*
Narration: *Still, I had absolute faith that he'd show up eventually. And I was pretty confident I could wait patiently until then.*
Narration: *But as the clock's hour hand made its way past the five, and my vigil approached its eighth hour, even that childish confidence began to waver.*
Sachi: I guess... he's not coming after all...
Sachi: So yesterday really was... goodbye...?
Narration: *The playground that had always felt too small for us suddenly seemed an unbelievably large and empty place.*
Narration: *Yuu-kun had told me clearly enough... That he couldn't play with me anymore. That even getting outside would be difficult from now on.*
Narration: *"Could he even make it to the park if he wanted to?"*
Narration: *Having regained the ability to think rationally with the passage of time, my mind ruthlessly chipped away at my unfounded confidence...*
Narration: *And finally, I arrived at the realization that I'd backed myself into a miserable corner.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Once that timid thought passed through my mind, it was only a matter of time. The painful emotions I'd been covering up with my anger came bubbling back up to the surface.*
Narration: *"I was really mean to Mom and Dad again..."*
Narration: *"They were gonna play with me, and I ruined everything... This isn't any different from last year..."*
Narration: *"Even if I go home tonight, my birthday's just gonna be Mom and Dad yelling at me."*
Narration: *With each thought, the anxiety and regret swelled up uncontrollably inside me. Before I knew it, fat tears were running down my cheeks.*
Sachi: Uu... ugh... *Sob*...
Sachi: Dad... Mom...
Mom　and　Dad: Sachi...
Narration: *When I squeezed my eyes closed to shut out the world, I saw my parents in my mind's eye, their faces gentle and kind.*
Narration: *No matter how lonely they'd made me, and no matter how much I tried to hate them for it... in the end, I still loved them both. Very much.*
Dad: Sachiiiii!!
Narration: *And in the moment I finally understood, I thought I could hear those same familiar voices. Not in my memories, but somewhere nearby.*
Sachi: Huh...?
Dad: ...Sachiiiii!!
Mom: Sachiiiii!!
Narration: *I raised my head with a jerk, indifferent now to the tears that continued to pour from my eyes. Outside the park, just on the other side of the road, I saw my mom and dad.*
Narration: *Even from a distance, I could tell they were covered in sweat. That they'd been desperately searching for me.*
Narration: *"Aah... Mom and Dad are still Mom and Dad after all. The people I love most in the whole world."*
Narration: *I should've known that all along. Why couldn't I have accepted them from the start?*
Narration: *...No, there was no longer any point in even thinking about it.*
Narration: *I was wrong. Now all I had to do was apologize.*
Narration: *All I had to do was jump into their arms and yell "I'm sorry for being so selfish"―*
Sachi: ...Daddy! Mommy!!
Mom　and　Dad: Sachi...!
Narration: *Once the two of them noticed my presence, their expressions instantly melted with relief.*
Narration: *I dashed out of the park, overwhelmed with happiness. And I heard a sudden roar of displaced air, like the sound of a fierce wind.*
Narration: *In the next instant, the world before me was filled with a colossal jet-black blur.*
Sachi: !?
Narration: *I heard the sound of "something" colliding with "something else," then screeching to a halt nearby.*
Narration: *I had reflexively squeezed my eyes shut. When I timidly opened them, I was greeted with the unimaginable.*
Narration: *Mom and Dad were stretched out flat on the road's surface. Almost as if sleeping face-down.*
Narration: *Dad didn't even stir; a machine with a dead battery. Mom twitched convulsively again and again; a broken toy.*
Narration: *The blood pooling under their bodies crept slowly across the orange-tinted asphalt, dyeing the road a dusky red.*
Sachi: What... is this...?
Mom: Uu... gh... uuh...
Sachi: ...!
Narration: *Those agonized groans, so totally unlike any other sound I'd ever heard my mother make, filled me with a terror too pure and primal to express in words.*
Narration: *My ears had begun to ring, as if to drown out the unpleasant sound of the truck's engine idling nearby. With every moment that passed, my breaths came faster and faster.*
Narration: *I couldn't fully grasp what had just happened before my eyes.*
Narration: *But instinctively, I understood that it was something so awful as to wipe everything that had come before into complete irrelevance.*
Sachi: Ah... aah... ah...
Narration: *"What do I do... what do I do...?"*
Narration: *"Right, I've got to call for help..."*
Narration: *"At times like these, call 911 first..."*
Narration: *My mind was still capable of thinking about what I should do next.*
Narration: *And yet, my body was frozen on the spot, as if physically rejecting the incomprehensible situation before me.*
Mom: Uu... uuuh... S-Sachi...
Sachi: Huh...?
Narration: *At the sound of my name, I turned my eyes back to the ground. My mother was dragging herself slowly across the road toward me, desperately trying to communicate something.*
Sachi: Mommy... Mommy! Mommy!!
Narration: *The sight instantly reduced me to a panicked frenzy. All I could do now was shriek her name.*
Narration: *Lifting her trembling upper body ever so slightly off the ground, she slowly raised her face, and then―*
Narration: *Sachi... why...?*
Narration: *And then, she spoke those words.*
Sachi: ...!!!
Narration: *In that instant, I thought I could hear something snap inside me.*
Narration: *As my body began to quiver uncontrollably, the world was covered in a black shroud.*
Narration: *The split-second after the buzzing drone inside my head finally went silent, I lost consciousness entirely.*
Narration: *Apparently, a local passerby quickly reported the incident, and it wasn't long before the ambulances carried us away. Not that I remember any of that. When I opened my eyes for the next time, a full day had passed, and I was lying in a colorless hospital room.*
Sachi: Mm... nnmmm...
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Where am I...?
Sachi's　Uncle: Sachi! You're awake!?
Narration: *I heard a chair scraping against the linoleum floor nearby. A moment later, a familiar face appeared before me.*
Sachi: Uhm... Uncle... Akihiro...?
Sachi's　Uncle: Yeah, that's right. It's me...
Sachi's　Uncle: First things first, are you feeling all right? Does anything hurt or feel bad?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *I gingerly moved my arms and legs several times, but couldn't find anything wrong with my body.*
Sachi: No... I'm okay...
Sachi's　Uncle: I see... thank goodness.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *My uncle smiled broadly at my words, tears in the corners of his eyes.*
Narration: *Still a little dopey from waking up, I felt a simple curiosity about the intense emotion so evident in his face.*
Sachi: Hey, Uncle Akihiro... what... happened...?
Sachi's　Uncle: ......
Narration: *When I put the question into words, my uncle averted his eyes, his expression filled with reluctance and pain.*
Sachi's　Uncle: Sachi, your parents...
Sachi: Yeah...?
Sachi's　Uncle: Were in an... accident...
Sachi: An accident...
Narration: *As I dully repeated my uncle's words, a memory that had slipped cleanly from my mind slowly re-emerged.*
Narration: *A small park, dyed in the light of the evening sun.*
Narration: *The smell of burning rubber. The sound of a truck idling.*
Narration: *And finally―*
Narration: *Mom and Dad, lying in pools of their own blood.*
Sachi: !?
Narration: *The scene flashed before my eyes in perfect clarity. Reflexively, I tried to look away, but there was no escape. And in the next moment, my ears were filled with that awful droning buzz.*
Sachi: Uu... uuu...
Sachi's　Uncle: ...Sachi?
Sachi: Uuggh... gghh...
Narration: *My field of vision grew slowly narrower, and a choking sense of paralysis spread throughout my body.*
Narration: *It felt as though my body temperature had suddenly plunged. A violent wave of nausea and a splitting headache attacked me all at once.*
Sachi's　Uncle: Sachi, are you all right!?
Sachi: Ugghhh... ghh... Un-Uncle... Aki...
Sachi's　Uncle: Sachi!!
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa...
Sachi's　Uncle: ...Doctor! Sachi woke up, but she's in pain all of a sudden!
Sachi: Nhgh―
Narration: *As the world grew dim before my eyes, I could vaguely make out my uncle shouting desperately for someone's attention.*
Narration: *"Wait... now I can't see... or hear anything..."*
Narration: *"Oh... guess I'm fainting again..."*
Narration: *The instant the thought ran through my head, I plunged into nothingness.*
Narration: *It would be a full three days before I woke up again.*
Narration: *When the nurse noticed my eyes were open, she immediately called the doctor in charge, who conducted a quick examination on the spot.*
Narration: *After determining that I wasn't so severely impaired as to cause difficulties in ordinary conversation, the doctor began to explain many things to me. Uncle Akihiro, who came running over to the hospital, soon joined in as well.*
Narration: *That day, Mom and Dad had been in a traffic accident right before my eyes.*
Narration: *Just as I ran out toward them, a truck with a drunk driver behind the wheel had barreled through the intersection, ignoring a red light.*
Narration: *Hit head-on by the massive vehicle, which had been travelling at 60 kilometers an hour or more, my dad died instantly from massive blunt-force trauma.*
Narration: *Mom had miraculously survived, but at the moment she was still unconscious, fighting for her life in critical condition.*
Narration: *When I learned all this, I didn't cry and grieve, and I didn't explode with anger against the man who'd caused the accident.*
Narration: *The words the doctor used were really hard to understand, so a lot of the conversation went over my head. That probably had something to do with it.*
Narration: *But more than anything else, nothing about this situation felt remotely real to me.*
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Yeah... I can move just fine...
Narration: *That night, finally alone in my darkened hospital room, I flexed my legs and arms thoughtfully.*
Narration: *No matter how many times I tested it, my body didn't feel injured. I could move just as freely and easily as before.*
Narration: *And... maybe Dad was dead, maybe Mom was lying unconscious somewhere in this hospital, but I hadn't seen either of them yet.*
Narration: *So maybe everyone telling me about this "accident" was just lying. Maybe if I were to get up out of bed and head straight home, my parents would be waiting for me there.*
Narration: *My thoughts persistently returned to these comforting, paper-thin theories.*
Sachi: But... the doctor wouldn't lie to me...
Narration: *And more importantly...*
Narration: *In the depths of my mind, a clear memory remained―*
Sachi: ...Nngh!
Narration: *The instant my thoughts brushed against that fragment of the past, I could hear my heart throb violently in my chest.*
Sachi: Ugggggh... ah, aaah...
Narration: *This time, the shrill buzzing that had accompanied the similar "incident" three days earlier was conspicuously absent.*
Narration: *In exchange, the most severe headache of my life fell upon me with all the suddenness and force of an avalanche.*
Sachi: Aah... uuu... gggh...
Narration: *The sharp burst of pain, as if my body was warning me not to touch an open wound, robbed me of the will to think.*
Narration: *"Then I'll just stop trying... I'm sick of fainting..."*
Sachi: ...Hahhh! ...Hah! ...Hah!
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *As soon as I emptied my mind, the headache vanished with astonishing speed. My breaths came easier, and I could feel my heartbeat gradually returning to its normal rhythm.*
Sachi: I was wrong...
Narration: *"There's something wrong with my body after all."*
Narration: *"Nothing like this ever happened to me before that day."*
Sachi: Then... that image in my head... must be...
Sachi: ......!
Narration: *As my mind began to reach a conclusion I didn't want to accept, I involuntarily recalled the agony I had just endured.*
Narration: *"If I remember what happened, that pain will come back."*
Sachi: ......!!
Narration: *The ensuing wave of terror wiped all else from my mind. Pulling the blankets over my head in search of refuge, I waited for the morning to come.*
Narration: *"Did that accident they keep talking about really happen?"*
Narration: *Several days later, that disbelief still lingering in my mind, I was taken to visit my mom in the intensive care unit for the first time.*
Narration: *After carefully disinfecting my hands with alcohol, the nurses dressed me up in a hospital gown just like theirs, then finally ushered me into the room. And just as they'd told me, my mother was inside.*
Sachi: !?
Narration: *But the person lying on the bed in front of me wasn't the Mom I knew.*
Narration: *There was a huge oxygen mask covering her mouth. Bandages were wrapped around her head. Numerous tubes were sticking out of her body, connecting her to all sorts of machines.*
Narration: *The sight reminded me of nothing so much as the Frankenstein monsters I'd seen in movies.*
Narration: *―But this was reality.*
Narration: *That day, the accident happened exactly as they told me. And now my mom was sleeping in a nest of machines.*
Sachi: ...Uukhh!
Narration: *In the instant I finally perceived that undeniable fact as reality, I was struck by a powerful wave of nausea.*
Sachi: U-Uuuu... uu...
Narration: *The hospital room grew dark before me. And in that darkness, a fuzzy image flickered before my eyes, disappearing for the briefest of moments only to re-emerge. Like some pale, indistinct horror, bobbing up and down just beneath the surface of a muddy lake.*
Narration: *Unable to endure the sickness swelling up from the core of my body, I vomited up the contents of my stomach on the spot, and was hastily carried out of the room by the nurse who'd accompanied me.*
Narration: *After that, I tried to return to the ICU numerous times, but the outcome was always the same.*
Narration: *The moment I saw my mother in her hospital bed, I experienced severe nausea, and was quickly removed from the room.*
Narration: *My doctor took these events very seriously, and eventually forbid me from visiting Mom for the time being.*
Narration: *That night, I laid awake in bed until well after the lights had been turned out, unable to fall asleep.*
Narration: *I hadn't suffered any real injury, so sitting around all day often left me with too much physical energy. Sometimes I would go an entire day without feeling hungry, or lie awake in bed for hours.*
Narration: *And today, the things I'd heard during the daytime were also weighing heavily on my mind. I lay in my bed, staring up at the now-familiar tiles on the ceiling, and thought about my parents.*
Sachi: Dad's... gone forever...
Sachi: And... even Mom...
Narration: *She might never open her eyes again.*
Narration: *Sometimes, I'd overhear my uncle talking about it with the nurses in lowered tones.*
Narration: *Apparently, Mom was sick with something called a "persistent vegetative state." From what I could figure out, that meant the possibility she'd wake up again was really, really low.*
Narration: *"Mom's going to be asleep forever and ever."*
Narration: *In other words, I'd never be able to talk to her again.*
Sachi: ......!
Narration: *A bitter frustration welled up inside me at the thought.*
Sachi: That's not fair... It's not fair...
Narration: *But no matter how I tried to deny the reality, nothing would change.*
Narration: *Even if my parents' job would no longer keep us apart, the blissful days I'd wished for would never return.*
Sachi: Uug... gh... *Sob*...
Narration: *The more I understood the situation, the heavier my despair grew. Tears spilled relentlessly from my eyes.*
Narration: *My mind was filled with a miserable new question: why? Why had it turned out like this?*
Sachi: I mean... it was my birthday...
Sachi: I was gonna... play with Yuu-kun all day... It should have been... a way, way happier birthday than last year...
Narration: *But in reality, I hadn't been able to see him...*
Narration: *And because of that sudden accident, Dad was dead, and Mom was sleeping forever.*
Narration: *Everything...*
Narration: *Everything I loved had been taken from me in one horrible instant.*
Sachi: Why... Why did this happen...?
Sachi: It's... not fair...
Narration: *Why...?*
Sachi: ...!!?
Narration: *When I squeezed my eyes shut in an attempt to escape the cruel reality of my situation, I thought I heard someone's voice in my mind.*
Mom: Tell me, Sachi...
Sachi: Wha...?
Mom: Why? Why did you run out of the house back then?
Sachi: Ah...
Mom: Why? Why weren't you a good girl?
Mom: Mommy and Daddy got hit by a truck... It really, really hurt, you know?
Sachi: Ah... aaah... aah...
Sachi: No... Nooo...
Sachi: Stop... stop it...
Narration: *Since the day I accepted that the accident had really happened, these feelings had been lurking unacknowledged in the depths of my mind.*
Narration: *"That accident happened because of me."*
Narration: *If I'd listened to my parents and stayed in the house, they wouldn't have been in the street when that truck ran the red light.*
Narration: *Even Yuu-kun... I selfishly tried to manipulate him into coming to the park. Maybe that's why he didn't show up. Maybe he just finally got sick of me.*
Narration: *In other words―*
Sachi: It's all... my fault...
Sachi: !?
Narration: *As I spoke those words, the ringing in my ears returned for the first time in a while, harsher and shriller than ever before.*
Sachi: What... is this...?
Narration: *A dull paralysis spread through my body, very similar to what I used to experience before fainting from over-exertion on the playground.*
Narration: *But the venomous chill crawling up my spine clearly signified that this was something else entirely.*
Narration: *Something shadowy and unfamiliar and malevolent was attacking my body.*
Sachi: ―Kahhhah!!
Narration: *My heart thumped violently in my chest. And in that moment, the world froze around me.*
Narration: *The air wasn't "cold." It was solid ice, so frigid as to cause physical pain. My clenched teeth began to chatter loudly.*
Sachi: Nhgh!!
Sachi: ...Hah! ...Hah! ...Hah!!
Narration: *My mouth open wide, I desperately gulped down oxygen in little gasps, every breath a painful struggle.*
Narration: *"I was wrong..."*
Narration: *"And something even worse is coming next."*
Narration: *The voice rang out in my mind again, as I knew it would.*
Sachi: No...
Sachi: Nooooooooo!!!
Narration: *―And so, the nightmares began.*
Nurse: What do you think, Sacchan? Can you eat today?
Sachi: I'm sorry... I'm not hungry...
Nurse: I see...
Narration: *Two weeks after that horrible night. It had become my daily routine to turn aside the spoonfuls of food my nurses offered me.*
Narration: *At night, when exhaustion overcame me, I was forced to relive the moment of my parents' accident over and over again.*
Narration: *By now, I had completely lost the will to live.*
Narration: *The nightmares didn't just play back my memories of that day. They caused me physical agony incomparable to any suffering I endured while awake.*
Narration: *My appetite disappeared in a matter of days. And of course, I couldn't get any real rest.*
Narration: *After about a week, my body had grown visibly frail, and my natural energy was replaced with lethargy and weakness.*
Narration: *Two days after a concerned nurse reported the situation to my doctor, he came to my bedside and asked me about a bunch of things.*
Narration: *"Can you hear voices from nowhere in particular?" "Can you see people who can't really be there?"*
Narration: *I'm pretty sure the questions were mostly like that.*
Narration: *And from my answers, it took the doctor no time at all to announce that I was suffering from a specific illness.*
Narration: *To summarize it in his words: "a mental illness caused by temporary exposure to catastrophically intense stress."*
Narration: *With that diagnosis, it became clear that I'd suffered my own "wound" in that accident, and my previously scheduled discharge from the hospital was postponed indefinitely.*
Narration: *Not that my stay had produced any improvements so far. If anything, it was the opposite. The nightmares still tormented me relentlessly, and my treatment had progressed to medication and the IV tube.*
Narration: *Through the tube, the nutrients I needed to survive were pumped directly into my veins. Through powerful sleeping pills, they induced temporary periods of oblivious rest.*
Narration: *It felt less like I was living and more like I was being kept alive.*
Narration: *One day, this stagnant routine was disrupted slightly. I learned that I had been given permission for an outing as part of a new phase of my treatment.*
Nurse: All right, why don't we trying walking that way?
Sachi: Okay...
Narration: *I was given permission to leave the hospital, escorted by one of the nurses, on the condition that we stayed well away from both my house and the site of the accident. With no particular destination in mind, we walked aimlessly around the town.*
Narration: *Unlike the hospital, which was constantly filled with a sterile antiseptic scent, the town smelled of the season. Of people living their ordinary lives.*
Narration: *In the distance, I could hear the chattering of grade-schoolers on their way home. For the first time in weeks I wondered vaguely how my friends at school were doing.*
Narration: *The change of pace wasn't unpleasant, but my feelings were as dark and clouded as ever.*
Narration: *I knew all too well that the physical relief of this moment was only temporary.*
Narration: *Unless the doctor drugged me into unconsciousness, I'd see that dream again.*
Narration: *The moment of the accident would flash before my eyes over and over. And my body would react as if it were reality, twitching in my bed...*
Narration: *If I wept in the dream, I woke up with my eyes swollen and red. If I screamed "Stop!!" in the dream, I woke up with my throat rubbed raw.*
Narration: *But worst of all, when the loop finally came to an end, my parents would raise their blood-covered faces from the road and curse me. An incessant, bitter rain of hateful words from which I was powerless to escape.*
Narration: *Dad died instantly, and Mom lost consciousness soon after the accident. That last part of the dream was fake.*
Narration: *I did understand that rationally, but every morning I awoke to find the burden of guilt resting slightly heavier on my mind. The border between reality and that cruel fiction grew indistinct.*
Narration: *It felt entirely possible that horrible nightmare would stay with me for the rest of my life.*
Sachi: ......!
Narration: *I had committed the sin of disobedience.*
Narration: *That dream was my punishment for treating my parents cruelly when they tried to celebrate my birthday with me.*
Narration: *"But... if that's true..."*
Narration: *"What should I do from now on...? What can I do...?"*
Narration: *It didn't matter how many times I apologized in my dreams. It didn't matter how much suffering those nightmares brought me. This guilt wouldn't simply disappear.*
Narration: *It had already grown very nearly unendurable. My heart and mind were on the verge of breaking outright. And still, I couldn't find anything close to an answer...*
Narration: *"Somebody, please... tell me the answer..."*
Narration: *And as I whispered that plea to myself, I noticed a parent and child walking slowly down the sidewalk toward us.*
Narration: *A mother, her face clearly troubled, and her young son, yanking rudely at her hand.*
Child: C'mooon, Mom! I really want that Skipjack Man action figure!!
Mother: Listen... I just bought you a toy the other day, didn't I?
Child: Ugggh, but I need Skipjack Man now! I wanna make him fight with the Poultry Poltergeist!!
Mother: Geez... you're spoiled rotten, you know that...?
Mother: You know what'll happen if you're a bad boy all the time, Masaya? No one's going to like you anymore, and then you'll be all alone.
Sachi: !?
Narration: *The moment I heard those words, it was as though an icy hand had seized my heart.*
Child: I don't wanna... be alone...
Mother: Then I guess you'd better be patient about that action figure.
Child: ...Okay.
Mother: Heheh. That's a good boy, Masaya. Keep it up and I'll buy you another toy before too long, okay?
Child: Yeah!♪
Narration: *The mother and child passed by my side, their expressions completely transformed into smiles.*
Narration: *I muttered those words under my breath, as if to persuade myself they were true. And in the next moment, I thought I could hear a switch being flipped inside my head.*
Sachi: In that case... I'll become a good girl...
Sachi: From now on... a really, truly good girl...
Narration: *After that episode, my body underwent a mysterious change.*
Narration: *I went to bed that night without any sleeping pills, but nonetheless reached morning without seeing the nightmare.*
Narration: *Since the dreams began, falling asleep without medication had always meant a night of terrible suffering. This sudden exception to the rule surprised me greatly.*
Narration: *But I didn't really have any idea why the nightmares would have stopped all of a sudden...*
Narration: *Maybe I had just happened to pull the lucky straw this once.*
Narration: *As it turned out, however, these worries were unjustified. The nightmares grew steadily less frequent, and my physical condition improved as well.*
Narration: *Observing these changes happily, a nurse told me to "Keep it up, don't let those bad dreams come back" by way of encouragement. I promptly focused on engraving those words into my mind.*
Sachi: I mustn't see bad dreams anymore... I mustn't see bad dreams anymore...
Narration: *Every time I whispered the mantra to myself, a voice rang out in my head.*
Sachi: !?
Narration: *And when the voice fell silent, that scene flashed through my mind for the briefest of instants.*
Narration: *...As a warning. A reminder.*
Narration: *I never, ever wanted to feel that way again. And so, I was determined to become a good girl.*
Narration: *If I'm a good girl, I won't lose anything―*
Narration: *If I'm a good girl, maybe... Mommy and Daddy will forgive me someday―*
Sachi: I've gotta be a good girl... I've gotta be a good girl... I've gotta be a good girl... I've gotta be a good girl...
Narration: *Over time, my mind was filled with those words.*
Narration: *When someone asked me to finish my dinner, I cleaned my plate, even if it meant fighting back nausea to stuff food into my stomach.*
Narration: *Before long, I was even capable of willing myself into unconsciousness if someone told me to "go to sleep right away after lights-out."*
Sachi: Yes, certainly.
Narration: *Whenever I said those words and nodded my assent, the nurses called me a "good girl" with smiles on their faces.*
Narration: *And whenever I heard that phrase, I could feel my sin growing ever-so-slightly lighter, my sense of self ever-so-slightly weaker.*
Narration: *It took some time afterward, but eventually I was discharged from the hospital, conditional on my return for thorough regular check-ups.*
Narration: *The reason, naturally, was that my painful nightmares had grown extremely rare, and my sleep and eating habits had returned to normal.*
Narration: *The rapid and dramatic improvement in my symptoms did quite surprise my doctor and nurses, but...*
Narration: *I'm fairly sure the adults convinced themselves my little trip outside the hospital for a change of pace had simply succeeded beyond their expectations.*
Narration: *However, the doctors did think it best for me to leave my hometown and the many painful memories it held behind. It was decided that I would live with my uncle Akihiro and his wife at their home in Niigata.*
Narration: *I'd never visited my uncle's house even once until the day I moved there, but I didn't feel any anxiety about my new life in a new land.*
Narration: *I did know that my Uncle and Auntie were kind people, and above all else, I had a clearly defined path to follow. No matter what my circumstances, I was determined to be a "good girl."*
Narration: *After all, my new conviction had virtually cured me of those unendurable nightmares.*
Narration: *Since Uncle Akihiro was kind enough to carefully prepare everything beforehand, the move went off without a hitch. It was decided that I'd transfer into a nearby school after my first week in Niigata.*
Narration: *As it turned out, it was a modestly-sized school with a fairly small student body. I was the first transfer student in recent memory, and received a significant amount of curious gazes as a result.*
Narration: *"Heard she got caught up in something nasty..."*
Narration: *"Didn't somebody say she got bullied really badly at her last school?"*
Narration: *At times, I heard such rumors whispered in the hallways.*
Narration: *―Not that any of it bothered me in the slightest.*
Narration: *I was entirely focused on making up for the time I'd lost in the hospital. I hadn't even touched a textbook for some time.*
Narration: *"A good girl does well in school."*
Narration: *So as to keep myself from diverging with that image, I threw myself fervently into my classes, filling every waking moment with study and regretting the need to sleep.*
Classmate　A: Wa-hoh, look at that. Why do you keep getting these crazy scores?
Classmate　B: Were you going to cram school or something?
Sachi: Nuh-uh, no cram school. I just don't mind studying that much, I guess...
Classmate　B: No kidding... So you're just really smart, Sachi-chan?
Classmate　A: All right, I'm coming to you next time I can't understand something.
Sachi: ...Sure, any time.
Narration: *Over time, my diligent new approach to life changed the way my classmates viewed me. By the time we advanced to the next grade, many looked at me with respect in their eyes.*
Narration: *In addition, on the theory that "a good girl helps others," I would proactively approach those who seemed troubled and offer my assistance.*
Narration: *Just by chasing after my ideal in this way, at some point a crowd gathered around me.*
Narration: *As in my previous school, everyone in the class started calling me "Sacchan," and I made lots of friends who'd invite me out to play.*
Narration: *My Uncle, who'd been worried about how I'd adapt to living in the country, was very pleased by all this. And my teachers offered consistent praise for my efforts in the classroom and helpful attitude.*
Narration: *The harder I tried, the nicer everyone was. And I tried very hard indeed.*
Narration: *The compliments and smiling faces reminded me of the happiest days of my life, when my parents had been kind to me. I grew steadily more convinced that my new way of thinking was correct.*
Narration: *But such universal, unreserved affection for "good" people doesn't last beyond childhood.*
Narration: *As if to warn me of that fact, when I advanced to the next level of school, I found the emotionally-charged malice characteristic of adolescence waiting for me.*
Narration: *After a few months, I'd gotten thoroughly settled in at my new school. Once again, I had attracted a crowd of friendly faces.*
Narration: *For the most part, they asked to see my homework, for assistance in some extracurricular activity, or help with their studies...*
Narration: *And as I reliably satisfied these requests, the number of people who approached me steadily increased.*
Narration: *"Apparently there's this super-talented saint in class 1-C."*
Narration: *Such rumors spread across the school, and I became something of a minor celebrity. And in time, I began to encounter those who found that irksome.*
Narration: *Among them, a girl named Hitomi Nakano from my class...*
Narration: *Most labeled her a "delinquent," and she kept herself largely aloof from the rest of the class. So it came as something of a surprise when, one day, she suddenly called out to me.*
Hitomi: Hey, Komine. Take cleaning duty for me today, all right?
Sachi: Sure, no problem.
Hitomi: ...Good. Thanks.
Narration: *It began with that trivial favor, no different from those I'd performed for countless others.*
Narration: *But Hitomi Nakano repeated that request every time it was her turn to clean the classroom. Of course, I continued to readily accept.*
Narration: *And one day, after this pattern had continued for some time...*
Hitomi: Komine, take care of it again, okay?
Sachi: Sure, no problem.
Hitomi: ......
Sachi: Uhm... is something the matter?
Hitomi: Okay, look, how many times have I asked you to do this now? Are you gonna say something, or what?
Sachi: I wasn't planning to... Is there anything strange about that?
Hitomi: C'mon, I'm totally making you do all my chores. You're being bullied here, right?
Sachi: Uhm... I believe they say "bullying" exists when the bullied individual feels that it does...
Sachi: In which case, I don't believe it would be accurate to describe this as bullying, since I don't perceive it as such.
Hitomi: ...Are you for real?
Sachi: A good girl listens to others. Only bad girls don't do what they're told.
Sachi: I'm just acting on that principle.
Hitomi: Hah... what the hell? What if I told you to clean for me forever? Are you saying you'd do it?
Sachi: Yes... If you ask me, Nakano-san, I will.
Hitomi: Hehhh... you sure talk big...
Hitomi: Okay then, forget the eternal cleaning duty thing. How about you just wipe every window in this building clean? By yourself.
Sachi: ......
Hitomi: Well? Not up for that one, huh?
Sachi: It's all right. That won't be a problem.
Hitomi: ...Tch!
Narration: *Although I accepted Nakano-san's request, she didn't seem particularly pleased. In fact, she clicked her tongue in disgust and stalked right out of the classroom.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *"What was she so angry about?"*
Narration: *Thinking the matter over, I took out a supply of cleaning implements from my locker.*
Narration: *And just as directed, I made my way around the school, cleaning the windows.*
Narration: *After our classroom, I moved on to the other first-year rooms, the hallway, and the faculty room, making steady progress.*
Narration: *Once the school building was closed, however, my pace was slowed somewhat by the need to hide from the patrolling teachers. Nonetheless, I persevered at my task. Even after the sun fell, I continued wiping in dogged silence.*
Sachi: ...Mmm... Mmm... Haa...
Narration: *My arms quickly grew heavy from the sustained effort of reaching up to clean the higher windows, and after a few hours my shoulders were screaming with pain. Even so, I kept my hands moving.*
Narration: *I had my directions, and I had to obey them. My personal circumstances were irrelevant.*
Narration: *My body might ache, or suffer injury, but neither mattered so long as it could move.*
Narration: *If movement were to become impossible, I would simply reassess the situation and attempt to find an alternate means to accomplish my task.*
Narration: *At the moment, "wiping all of the windows in this school clean" took priority above all else...*
Narration: *When she found me in the hallway the next morning, still wiping windows, Hitomi Nakano's jaw dropped open.*
Hitomi: What... the hell are you doing...?
Sachi: What do you mean...? I'm cleaning the windows, as requested...
Hitomi: As requested...? Are you seriously telling me you've been here all night, cleaning windows?
Sachi: Yeah. The school's pretty big, so it looks like I won't be able to do all of them before class starts today. But if you'll give me just a little more time, I'll definitely finish the job.
Hitomi: ......
Narration: *For a brief moment, her eyes went wide. And in the next, she roared with laughter.*
Hitomi: Ahahahahaha!!
Hitomi: Holy crap, you really are one hell of a "good girl!" I'll back you up on that one.
Sachi: Yes. Thank you.
Hitomi: Ahah, hah... she's actually thanking me...? Priceless...
Sachi: ......
Hitomi: All right, Komine. You can stop cleaning the windows now.
Sachi: ...Really?
Hitomi: Yeah...
Hitomi: In exchange, you're my slave as of today.
Sachi: Okay, sure.
Hitomi: Heheh... figured...
Hitomi: First things first. From now on, you're gonna talk to me politely. With respect, right?
Hitomi: Also, when I give you orders, I want you to answer with a nice "Yes, certainly" right away. Got it?
Sachi: ...Yes. Certainly.
Hitomi: Ahahahahaaah!! Yeah, that's the way. Nice work.
Sachi: Thank you very much...
Narration: *I didn't particularly hesitate at the prospect of becoming a "slave."*
Narration: *If that was what she wanted from me, and if it was within my power to play that role, I had no reason to object.*
Narration: *And so, having assumed the position of Hitomi Nakano's obedient minion, carrying out her orders became the central element of my new daily routine.*
Hitomi: Komine, take care of the rest.
Sachi: Yes, certainly.
Narration: *I can't quite remember how many times we repeated this exchange. It happened too often for me to be sure.*
Narration: *My more common duties involved completing her homework by proxy...*
Narration: *Helping her cheat on tests...*
Narration: *And arranging cruel pranks against those she disliked.*
Narration: *There were other requests as well. Every once in a while, she'd call for me in the middle of the night simply to mock me for actually showing up. After laughing with her friends, she would send me right back home.*
Narration: *But that was all right with me.*
Narration: *I was her slave, so all I needed to concern myself with was executing her commands.*
Narration: *No matter how difficult the orders she gave me, through careful thought and diligent effort I would always find a method of carrying them out.*
Narration: *When I succeeded, her mood would often improve. On occasion, she even offered a few words of praise for her "good girl."*
Narration: *But more than anything else, simply obeying someone's instructions was pleasant in itself.*
Narration: *While executing her orders, there was no need to think about anything else.*
Narration: *The reason for those orders, the consequences of successfully carrying them out - anything and everything else was totally irrelevant.*
Narration: *In those moments and those moments alone, the burden of guilt I carried with me was lifted from my shoulders. And the image I wanted to erase from my mind more than anything else stayed safely buried away.*
Narration: *―Therefore, there was nothing wrong about this.*
Narration: *A good girl does what she's told.*
Narration: *I believed absolutely in those words. For me, they had become a kind of faith.*
Narration: *However, not everyone saw things the same way.*
Narration: *After about two years as her "slave," my "master" began to show some signs of discontentment with our arrangement.*
Narration: *When I answered her orders with a prompt "Yes, certainly" and a nod, I could see a flash of irritation in her eyes.*
Narration: *Perhaps as a result, I soon noticed that those orders had begun to escalate in scale and difficulty. And when I returned to report my success, she'd respond only with a displeased grunt.*
Narration: *Eventually, I asked whether I'd done something to offend her...*
Hitomi: You can do anything, can't you? Pisses me off.
Narration: *And that was her (admittedly rather irrational) answer.*
Narration: *Naturally, I then inquired whether I should fail every so often, but...*
Hitomi: The hell!? Is that supposed to be sarcasm!?
Narration: *This inspired only a more pronounced scowl.*
Hitomi: ......
Hitomi: But... now that you mention it, maybe having you fail isn't such a bad idea...
Sachi: Huh...?
Hitomi: Okay then, listen up. I'm gonna give you your final order.
Sachi: My... final order...?
Hitomi: That's right. Know those mid term exams we've got coming up in two weeks? Get rid of them.
Sachi: ...The tests?
Hitomi: ...A "good girl" does what people tells her, right? Even if it's a request like that?
Sachi: ......
Hitomi: Whaddaya think? Up for it?
Sachi: Yes. I am a good girl, after all.
Hitomi: There we go...
Hitomi: Listen up. You agreed, so there's no backing out now. Get it done.
Hitomi: I don't wanna hear "I'm soooorry, I just couldn't pull it off!" after the fact. If you fail, I'll never forgive you, period. Got it?
Sachi: Yes... certainly...
Narration: *From the moment I nodded my head, it was perhaps all but decided that I would end up in Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *When she asked me if I was "up for it," I heard a voice screaming "don't!" from some corner of my mind.*
Narration: *But soon enough, as the image of that day began to flicker its own warning before my eyes, that voice of caution was obliterated without a trace.*
Narration: *For the next few days, I frantically wracked my brains in search of a method to "get rid" of the scheduled midterm tests.*
Narration: *"How about stealing the tests before they can copy them?"*
Narration: *No. Even if I were to find the originals, the tests would be recreated. At most, I would earn a brief delay.*
Narration: *In that case...*
Narration: *"How about copying the tests secretly and bringing her the answers?"*
Narration: *No. While that might ensure her a perfect score on her exams, the tests themselves would be held as usual.*
Sachi: Then... what else can I do...?
Sachi: How can I... possibly get rid of the tests...?
Narration: *The more ideas I ran through, the more I realized the enormous difficulty of the task at hand. My focus grow slowly more intense and obsessive; my thoughts ran in circles.*
Narration: *To make matters worse, as the day of the test grew inexorably closer, I began to see the familiar nightmares I had thought behind me.*
Narration: *And so, driven slowly but surely into desperation, I finally arrived at my conclusion.*
Sachi: In that case... I can just get rid of the school...
Sachi: With the school gone... the tests and the classes... will all be gone too...
Narration: *The moment I spoke those words, my ears filled with a high-pitched, almost nostalgic buzzing, and my consciousness was shrouded in fog.*
Narration: *When I came to my senses, I was standing inside my school.*
Narration: *At my feet were a pile of kerosene cans. The same sort my uncle stockpiled as fuel for our heaters. Presumably, I had carried them from my house to this building over the course of numerous round trips.*
Narration: *And indeed, my arms and shoulders were throbbing with agony.*
Narration: *The situation was clear enough. Moving as though possessed, I emptied the cans all around the building in what felt like minutes, ignoring the protests of my exhausted body. And in the end, I stood in my classroom and set the fire.*
Narration: *The instant I dropped my match into the kerosene, flames sprouted up as though I'd flipped the switch on a stovetop.*
Narration: *The fire spread rapidly down the "fuse" of oil and into the hallway. In the blink of an eye, the fire spread and grew.*
Narration: *Feeding off the wooden walls and desks, consuming the paper textbooks and cloth bags my classmates had left behind, the flames danced before my eyes. Even from a distance, I felt their heat on my skin.*
Narration: *Just as I observed that it was becoming slightly painful to breathe the heated air, the shrill sound of the fire alarm began to resound throughout the building.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *The classroom I had studied in only yesterday was consumed in a literal sea of fire.*
Narration: *And yet, even as a part of my world vanished before my eyes, I felt nothing in particular.*
Narration: *Aah... look at it burn...*
Narration: *The thoughts running through my mind were nothing but the disinterested impressions of a casual spectator.*
Narration: *Having determined that it would be impossible to stay in this place any longer, I carefully exited the classroom through the nearest window. As I lowered myself onto the grass outside, I could hear the sound of distant sirens.*
Narration: *How far would the flames reach before that fire engine arrived? How much damage before they could extinguish the blaze?*
Narration: *...No, it no longer mattered.*
Narration: *The midterm exams would doubtless be cancelled regardless.*
Narration: *I carried out my orders. I did what I was told.*
Narration: *I was still a good girl.*
Narration: *Yes...*

Yuuji: So this... is Sachi's past, huh...?
Narration: *Although the fire brigade rushed to the scene and extinguished the flames before the building could suffer much structural damage, the main classrooms were reduced to charred wrecks.*
Narration: *As it contained the highest concentration of flammable materials in the building, the faculty room suffered particularly severe damage, and the scheduled midterm examinations had to be postponed indefinitely.*
Narration: *Rumors that Sachi had been responsible spread quickly throughout the town, and when interviewed by the police she immediately confessed to total responsibility for the incident.*
Narration: *However, her motivation was unclear, and testimony from her classmates revealed that Sachi had been subjected to chronic bullying. Her confession was deemed unreliable, and suspicion came to rest on her tormentors.*
Narration: *In the end, the investigators couldn't find any decisive evidence identifying the responsible party, and the arson case was closed without charges.*
Narration: *Nonetheless, Sachi's aunt and uncle were disturbed by her confession and abnormal behavior throughout the incident. They had her receive a comprehensive psychiatric examination from a specialist, leading to a secondary diagnosis...*
Narration: *"A severe variety of obsessive-compulsive disorder," a condition that meant attending a normal school was ill-advised and potentially dangerous. Soon thereafter, it was arranged for Sachi to transfer to Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *In other words, witnessing that accident had damaged Sachi's mind far more severely than was immediately apparent.*
Narration: *Considering what I know of her current mindset, I doubt she even regards setting that fire as a mistake.*
Narration: *Today, Sachi remains under the guardianship of her childless uncle and aunt. Her mother's still in the hospital, deep in a persistent coma.*
Narration: *That would be a rough summary of how things currently stand.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I toss the papers down onto the bench and look up into the sky.*
Yuuji: In other words... there's a lot more to Sachi than what I've seen so far.
Narration: *Back then, the only thing I knew was that Sachi's parents were busy with work and didn't pay much attention to her anymore.*
Narration: *And these documents are business-like summaries pulled from Ichigaya's databases. I have the basic facts in sufficient detail to speculate, but it's hardly a comprehensive story.*
Narration: *At the moment, Sachi's probably the only person in the world who knows the precise nature of the suffering that reshaped her personality so dramatically.*
Yuuji: Even so...
Narration: *There's one thing I can say for certain: she suffered an incredibly cruel and abrupt loss at a young age. These six flimsy sheets of paper couldn't possibly have contained everything she went through.*
Sachi: ...Yes. I loved them both very much.
Narration: *From the way Sachi spoke those words, I think they were absolutely true. And that means she saw the people she loved most in the world fatally injured before her eyes.*
Narration: *In the reports, her parents are described as a hard-working couple who cared deeply for their daughter. Their reputation in the neighborhood was excellent.*
Narration: *Even without knowing the details of their relationship with Sachi, it's easy to understand that losing them would have been shocking and painful under any circumstances.*
Narration: *...What's more, it happened on her birthday.*
Yuuji: And... from the dates, it must have been the day after I said goodbye...
Narration: *At the time, my friendship with the girl in the playground had become my strongest source of emotional support. If the same had been true for Sachi, as well...*
Narration: *In a single day, she lost her closest family members and her closest friend.*
Yuuji: So, those words she's so fond of...
Narration: *"Good girl." "Bad girl."*
Narration: *She tried to drag me to the playground with an arbitrary "promise." She ran out of her house that day without listening to her parents. And all of a sudden, she found herself alone. Her thought process isn't difficult to imagine.*
Narration: *"I was a selfish, bad girl, and everyone went away."*
Narration: *"From now on, I have to be a good girl and do what I'm told."*
Narration: *Carried to an extreme, that's no different from turning yourself into an obedient, thoughtless robot.*
Narration: *When the teachers tell her to work hard at her studies, she works hard. When some idiot tells her to wear a maid uniform, she never takes it off.*
Narration: *Her own will and the intentions behind the orders are irrelevant. Performing them to the letter is the whole point.*
Narration: *...Doing what she's told is an end in itself.*
Narration: *Sachi was only a child at the time. This simplistic, obsessive obedience was the sole coping method she could find. The only way she could escape her regret and guilt.*
Yuuji: No one has the right to blame her for that...
Narration: *Sachi stopped thinking for herself as a self-defense mechanism. Her wounds were so severe that she lost the ability to distinguish between right and wrong.*
Narration: *That warped, absolute allegiance to her principles culminated in the school arson incident.*
Narration: *...To take the most extreme possible example, if someone unambiguously ordered Sachi to "kill someone" right now, she might commit murder without hesitation.*
Narration: *The commandment she imposed on herself is a dangerous thing. A brittle wall, as likely to harm as protect.*
Yuuji: All things considered, might have been lucky that it was "only" arson...
Narration: *The more people know about Sachi's abnormality, the greater the risk of someone attempting to exploit it. An event like that was all but inevitable.*
Narration: *For the same reason, it makes sense that she was transferred to this academy, with its small student body and limited contact with the outside world.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *The question now is whether I can actually do anything with this knowledge.*
Narration: *I might be sitting here and analyzing other people's "abnormalities," but I'm not a well-adjusted person myself by any stretch of the imagination.*
Narration: *Can I, of all people, help someone regain normality...?*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *If there's one thing that gives me hope, it's the expression I saw on Sachi's face back then.*
Narration: *Thinking it over now, I'm even more firmly convinced that her smiles have always been artificial, forced things.*
Narration: *But just that once, something was clearly different. Something that makes me think I can bring her back.*
Narration: *Might sound like flimsy grounds for optimism, but... at our first meeting, my master took one look at me and declared "we can still fix this one." That's why I'm here today.*
Yuuji: Come to think of it, my master told me something once...
Narration: *"Accepting a favor isn't anything to be ashamed of, kid. But not returning it is."*
Narration: *There's no need to overthink this. From that perspective, it's really very simple. Back then, Sachi's presence in my life saved me; and today, I have a chance to repay the favor.*
Yuuji: ―That's enough for now.
Principal: ......
Principal: Seems Komine-san might not be the only person you're trying to change...

Date: *July 28, 2011, 09:12 - Hospital Room*
Sachi: Nhaah... haah... haa...
Sachi: ...Ug... ghh!
Sachi: No... Noooo!!
Makina: Huh...?
Sachi: I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I'm sorry!!
Makina: W-What's wrong...? Sacchin!?
Sachi: Haa... haah... nngg...
Michiru: She's... having a nightmare, I guess?
Yumiko: Just look at all that sweat...
Amane: ...All right, let's wake her up first and ask questions later.
Michiru: Huh...? I-I don't know much about this stuff, but... are you sure we can just do that?
Amane: It's better than letting her dream. Tossing and turning like that has gotta be a lot more exhausting than being awake.
Yumiko: ...I agree.
Michiru: Okay... I'll do it.
Michiru: Hey, Sachi. Wake up, Sachi...
Sachi: Uug... ghhh... Mo...mmy... Daddy...
Michiru: It's no good. I'm shouting in her ear, but she still won't wake up...
Amane: In that case, we'll have to―
Makina: Move it, Chiruchiru! I'll take over!
Makina: ...Hey, Sacchin! I'm talkin' to you, girl! Wake up!!
Sachi: ―!?
Michiru: Sachi!?
Sachi: Haaah... haa... haa... Michiru-sama...?
Makina: Thank goodness... Ya woke up, Sacchin.
Sachi: And... Maki-chan...
Makina: Yeah. Ama-nee and Queen Frostine are here too.
Amane: Yeah...
Yumiko: ...Hmph.
Sachi: Here... would be...
Michiru: Right, it's a hospital. In Mishima Cape.
Sachi: A hospital...?
Sachi: Oh, that's right... I did faint, come to think of it...
Yumiko: ...Yes, you did. We came to visit and found you tossing in your sleep. Hence the sudden awakening.
Sachi: I do apologize... for making a nuisance of myself...
Amane: Don't. You've got nothing to apologize for, Sacchan...
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Hey, Sachi. That dream seemed kinda―
Amane: Michiru, don't. Not now.
Michiru: Ah... right. Sorry, Sachi...
Sachi: Hm? Why are you apologizing, Michiru-sama...?
Michiru: Never mind, it's nothing important. Don't worry about it.
Sachi: Yes... certainly...
Michiru: ......
Amane: ...Let's just say all's well that ends well. We found Sacchan, and it seems like she's okay. That's the only thing that matters.
Makina: Ama-nee's right, this is one heckuva relief... I was crazy worried when ya disappeared, Sacchin.
Yumiko: ...You even had me out searching for a while there.
Sachi: I do apologize... I've caused you all a great deal of trouble...
Michiru: Nice going, Yumiko! Now you made Sachi apologize again!
Yumiko: I didn't say anything that wasn't true.
Michiru: So what!? Sometimes friends leave things unsaid, right!?
Sachi: I really am very sorry...
Amane: It's fine. I mean, you were just waiting for Yuuji like you promised, right?
Sachi: Yes... I did make a promise, so...
Amane: ...Right. In that case, you didn't do anything bad, Sacchan. No worries.
Sachi: Amane-san...
Makina: Just the sorta compassion I'd expect from my Ama-nee! Yer heart's as big as yer tits!
Yumiko: Hmm. A surprisingly apt standard of comparison.
Amane: E-Even you, Sakaki-san...?
Michiru: All right, Sachi. Your current job's to rest up and take it easy! Get better soon, all right?
Sachi: ...Yes, of course.

Date: *July 31, 2011, 08:49 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Makina: Owiewowowwiewowiewow...
Amane: Argh... stop thrashing around, Makina. You're gonna hurt yourself...
Makina: I can't heeelp ittttt... Ama-nee, yer a beast with that brush...
Narration: *When I enter the dorm for the first time in three days, I'm greeted by the familiar sight of Amane grooming Makina in the lobby.*
Yuuji: Hey, Amane. Sachi's scheduled to leave the hospital today, right?
Amane: Ah, yeah... that's right... Wait, Yuuji!?
Makina: Onii-chan!? Where th' heck have you been!?
Yuuji: Well, here and there...
Amane: "Here and there" does NOT cut it, mister!
Amane: We'd only just found Sacchan, and then you disappear too!? Everybody was worried, you know?
Yuuji: Sorry... I had a job come in, and then I needed to butter up JB for a while. Couldn't quite find the time to come back.
Amane: ..."Butter up" JB?
Yuuji: Well, I guess you could say that was part of the job too.
Amane: Hmmmph... Whatever. But if you had to work, you could've at least told us...
Makina: Dang straight. Chiruchiru was wanderin' the hallways in the middle of th' night moanin' like a banshee, ya know? With cling wrap on her head, no less.
Yuuji: I think that's just her regularly-scheduled maintenance...
Amane: But judging from that first question... you're planning to come with us to bring Sacchan home, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Actually, I was going to ask if you'd let me take care of that by myself.
Amane: Mmm...
Amane: Sorry, why just you?
Makina: Sacchin an' I are thick as thieves. It's only natch'ral that I'd be there when she leaves th' hospital.
Yuuji: Yeah, I do understand that you'd want to be there. This is just me being selfish. But the thing is...
Yuuji: I've got something important to discuss with Sachi, so it'd be more convenient if we could have some privacy.
Makina: ...Privacy, ya say?
Yuuji: Yeah, I do. Don't worry, I'm planning to fill you in afterward.
Amane: I see...
Narration: *Amane rests her hand on her chin and nods thoughtfully.*
Amane: ...All right, then, if you say so. We'll wait here.
Makina: What th' hey...? Where'd this sudden con-sense-us come from?
Amane: I mean, we'll be able to see Sacchan soon enough even if we don't meet her at the hospital. No reason to get our knickers in a twist.
Makina: ......
Amane: Stop staring at my butt! It was a figure of speech! As in, this really isn't worth getting upset about!
Makina: Hoh? Yer suspiciously understandin'. Guess he slipped you a baguette or two beforehand, eh?
Amane: Okay, first of all, you're the only person I know who can be bribed with a loaf of bread... and second, it's pretty rare for Yuuji to ask for a favor, right?
Makina: Hoh, now that ya mention it...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I'm not particularly conscious of that myself, but I guess I'll have to take their word for it.*
Amane: So, that all right with you, Makina? I'll make some snacks while we wait.
Makina: Ya sure about that, Chef? My tongue's a pitiless critic...
Amane: Yeah, yeah... I'll put forth the utmost effort...
Yuuji: Sorry, you two.
Amane: It's all good. Just make sure you take care of her luggage, all right?
Yuuji: Yeah. Of course.
Makina: And no screwin' in the hospital, ya got that?
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Of course.
Makina: Hmm? Captain, I detected a suspicious delay before that response!
Amane: Right, I think that's just because your question was so stupid...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *When I quietly open the door to her hospital room, I find Sachi up and about, neatly folding her blankets next to the bed.*
Yuuji: ...I'd bet good money you're one of those people who make their own bed when staying in a hotel.
Sachi: H-How did you...?
Yuuji: Anybody could guess from a look at this little scene... Well, if they weren't distracted by the completely out-of-place maid outfit first...
Sachi: Uhm... if you're saying "casual attire's inappropriate for leaving the hospital!" I can get changed into my school uniform right away...
Yuuji: Well... I don't think it's exactly a formal occasion or anything.
Sachi: In that case, I'd prefer to stay in my maid uniform. After all, I was instructed to wear it "when I can."
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *There's an awkward moment before I can manage to respond.*
Narration: *Now that I know about Sachi's "principles," those typical words inspired a twinge of something like pity.*
Yuuji: All right... I'll take care of the bedding.
Sachi: But, I―
Yuuji: You're still recovering. Spare the backtalk for another time, all right?
Sachi: If you say so, Kazami-san... I do appreciate it.
Yuuji: Sure.
Narration: *Changing places with Sachi at the side of her bed, I quickly remove the sheets and begin to fold the mattress.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *As I work, Sachi stares intently at my face.*
Yuuji: ...You have something you want to ask me? Go ahead.
Sachi: Well, in that case... Why are you here, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: There something strange about me coming to pick you up from the hospital?
Sachi: No... I wouldn't say that, but... while I was hospitalized, you never visited...
Yuuji: Oh? You miss me?
Sachi: More than anything else... I thought you might have been angry at me, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: And why would you think that?
Sachi: Well... when we met at the park, you had a rather distressed look on your face...
Yuuji: ...I see. So that's it.
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi's expression is distinctly downcast.*
Narration: *Not a look you see on her face often. Normally, Sachi can present an expression of unperturbed, detached calm under virtually any circumstances.*
Narration: *This must have been bothering her a great deal. And if so...*
Yuuji: Actually, Sachi... I had something I wanted to discuss with you. It's sort of related to your question just now.
Sachi: Something to discuss...?
Yuuji: Yeah. It's kind of important.
Sachi: In other words... did the owner of the tobacco store finally discover the identity of his wife's lover?
Yuuji: That's "important" to you...?
Sachi: What are you saying, Kazami-san? It's been THE hot topic in the shopping district since before summer vacation began.
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Narration: *We seem to have gotten a bit sidetracked here...*
Yuuji: Anyway, let's finish up here first. We can talk after.
Sachi: Yes. Certainly.
Yumiko: ...Well? Mind explaining why you called this little group meeting without even giving Komine-san time to unpack?
Michiru: Also, why in the classroom? In uniform, even...
Narration: *Immediately after returning from the hospital with Sachi, I arranged for all our dormmates to gather in the classroom. Resulting in this admittedly justifiable barrage of questions.*
Yuuji: Sorry to stand on ceremony and all. But this is something of a formal report, so I figured it couldn't hurt to have an appropriate setting.
Michiru: A formal report?
Yuuji: Yeah. In order to ensure Mihama Academy remains a harmonious living environment for everyone here, there's something I need to announce to all of you immediately.
Michiru: ...Hmm, hmm. Very well, then. So? What does this "formal report" of yours concern?
Yuuji: Well... to get straight to the point, Sachi and I are dating now.
Michiru: ......
Yumiko: ......
Amane: ......
Makina: ......
Narration: *I draw Sachi up to my side by the waist, say what needs to be said, and wait. The classroom goes dead silent for a long moment.*
Narration: *Our four classmates, scattered randomly across the room, stare up at us, a range of uncomprehending and quizzical expressions frozen on their faces.*
Narration: *In the end, the first to break the increasingly awkward stalemate is Sachi.*
Sachi: None of you seem particularly surprised...
Michiru: Whaaaat!? No, no, no! We're PLENTY surprised, let me assure you!!
Sachi: Is that so? But everyone seemed quite calm...
Amane: Ahaha... calm might not be the right word. More like shocked speechless.
Michiru: I-I thought my heart was about to stop! For reals!
Makina: Yeah, this is serious business! Chiruchiru's brain cells have enough problems as it is without you guys cuttin' off their blood supply... Things coulda gotten even more tragic up there...
Michiru: That's right! What she said!
Yumiko: You really didn't notice that she was insulting you...? Tragic indeed...
Michiru: ...Hm? What?
Yuuji: Okay, Michiru's one thing, but I didn't really expect the rest of you to have trouble getting your heads around this...
Amane: Well, yeah, we get what you're saying... but this is really abrupt in a lot of ways, you know...?
Makina: I knew you two were gettin' along lately, but even my for-mid-a-bull powers of in-too-isshun hadn't foreseen this...
Yumiko: Indeed... Even for an April Fool's prank, this is in rather poor taste...
Yuuji: Hold it, Sakaki. Two things. One: it's July. Two: what are you planning to do with that?
Yumiko: ...That entirely depends on your response.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Yuuji: All right. I'll say this again as unambiguously as I can. Sachi and I really are dating. Not a joke.
Yumiko: ......
Makina: ......
Narration: *When I declare the matter in the simplest possible terms, a brief silence settles on the classroom for the second time in the last few minutes.*
Yumiko: ...Komine-san, is what he says true?
Sachi: Yes. Just a little while ago, on the way back from the hospital...
Yuuji: Okay then, Sachi, as for that important discussion...
Sachi: Yes?
Yuuji: I want you to be my girlfriend. All right with you?
Sachi: Certainly. If you say so, Kazami-san.
Sachi: That would be the rough outline.
Makina: ...So, ya just said OK right away, Sacchin?
Sachi: Indeed I did.
Michiru: Casual much!? It's like "Hey, join the soccer team with me," and you're all "Well, if you say so," except without the soccer team, and now you're dating!?
Sachi: Well, yes, that would be a fairly accurate description of the mood...
Amane: Uhh... leaving the "mood" aside, are you really sure about agreeing without even thinking it over?
Sachi: By which you mean...?
Amane: Look, if you start dating someone, that means you're going to become a couple, right?
Amane: So if you're gonna go out with someone, it should fundamentally be a person you're "interested" in, right?
Sachi: Yes, I do believe you're right about that, Amane-san.
Yumiko: I'm going to be blunt... Komine-san, what do you think of Kazami-kun?
Sachi: Uhm, well... I don't dislike him.
Yumiko: So... do you like him, then? In a romantic sense.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: I'm not entirely sure...
Narration: *The moment those words leave Sachi's mouth, the tense atmosphere in the classroom softens rapidly.*
Amane: Not quite sure, huh...?
Michiru: She said something pretty similar when she moved her seat, didn't she... That's probably how she really feels, right?
Yumiko: In that case, I suppose we don't need to be too worried for the moment...
Narration: *And the aggressive inquisitors, who'd seemed just about ready to physically go for my throat a minute ago, nod in apparent satisfaction.*
Yuuji: I don't quite follow, but... does this mean none of you have any objections?
Michiru: Don't be friggin' ridiculous!
Michiru: You know Sachi's a good girl who can't turn down a request, and you're taking advantage of it! You're pretty much forcing her into this, you know!?
Yuuji: I'm not holding a gun to her head, am I?
Michiru: Well, maybe not, but―
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi. If you don't like this idea, I'm completely fine with you turning me down, all right? You can be honest.
Yuuji: So, keeping that in mind, I'm going to ask one more time... You willing to be my girlfriend?
Sachi: Yes, that's quite all right. I honestly don't dislike the idea of dating you, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: There. Straight from the horse's mouth.
Michiru: Kuh... Yeah, but that's a really unfair way to ask the question!
Yuuji: ...Okay, let me ask you something. How would a "fair" romance work, exactly?
Michiru: Wha!?
Yuuji: Pursuing someone romantically means trying to monopolize their affection... Of course you use everything you can to try and get a foot in the door. Love's fundamentally selfish.
Yuuji: I don't see any real difference between my strategy here and, say, your tsundere thing. Or Amane and her chest-blubber attacks. Am I wrong?
Michiru: Guh...
Amane: W-What the heck... Everything out of his mouth sounds like a load of crap, but... it's almost convincing, somehow...
Yumiko: B-But...
Yuuji: All right.
Yuuji: I'm not unsympathetic to your complaints. If you feel Sachi's consent isn't enough under the circumstances, I'll provide you with an even better argument.
Makina: ...Y-Ya have a trump card up yer sleeve?
Yuuji: Yeah. Truth is, I've kept this quiet until now, but...
Michiru: But...?
Yuuji: Sachi and I... are childhood friends!
Three　People: ......
Narration: *And so, the third silence settles on the classroom.*
Michiru: Then... I guess there's nothing more to be said...
Yumiko: Wha-! Matsushima-san!? Why on earth would that convince you!?
Michiru: Come on, whaddaya want me to do!? Tsundere may be a major brand, but "childhood friend" is still the market leader!
Amane: Is that really the issue here...?
Makina: Sacchin, Sacchin, issat true?
Sachi: Yes... When we were younger, Kazami-san and I were playmates for a time.
Yuuji: Incidentally, back then we called each other "Sacchan" and "Yuu-kun."
Yumiko: Y-Yuu-kun...?
Amane: The heck are you getting embarrassed for...?
Yuuji: That's not all. Back in the day, we kissed on a regular basis.
Michiru: K-Kissed!?
Sachi: To be more precise, lip on cheek. I suppose you could call it a kiss, but a "smack" might be a more appropriate description.
Michiru: A-A smack, huh...
Makina: Sacchin, you were a pretty brazen lil' lolita.
Sachi: The "indiscretions of youth," as they say...?
Amane: Uh, no. I think you were a little too youthful for that.
Yuuji: So, anyway... Put a romantic spin on all this, and you could call it a miracle that Sachi and I were reunited here.
Yumiko: Come on, a miracle...? "Coincidence" seems more appropriate...
Yuuji: Call it what you want, the odds of us meeting again were incredibly low. Probably millions to one. Yet here we are.
Yumiko: Kuh...
Yuuji: Also, how a romance starts off isn't the most important thing. What matters is how you grow into it.
Amane: Grow...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Yuuji: I know Sachi probably doesn't have clear romantic feelings for me yet...
Yuuji: But when I found her, she'd been waiting for me in the pouring rain for an entire day, without even an umbrella. I've been thinking things over seriously ever since then, and I've made up my mind.
Yuuji: I want to see her happy. So I'm going to make that happen, whatever it takes.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: I'll protect Sachi to the extent she's comfortable with. And I won't make her regret becoming my girlfriend. I can promise you people that.
Yuuji: Still have a problem? Find someone who can make her happier than I can, and I'll gladly step aside. But not until then.
Amane: G-Guh...
Yuuji: Hm. Seems I've reduced Amane to illiterate grunts...
Amane: I mean, when you talk like that... what the heck are we supposed to say? We couldn't make you say the same for us, plain and simple...
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Amane's tone of voice is vaguely sulky. Not unexpected in her case, but I'm slightly surprised to see Sakaki and Michiru showing similarly mixed emotions on their faces.*
Makina: ...In other words, since Sacchin got all that sappy stuff outta Onii-chan, she's the winner!
Sachi: The winner...?
Makina: You betcha. Ya've triumphed gloriously in th' fight for this school's sole scrap of manmeat!
Sachi: I-Is that so...?
Yuuji: Okay, let's try this again. You willing to accept our relationship?
Makina: Well? Whaddaya have to say to the man, people?
Michiru: ...W-Well, after hearing all that... I guess we don't have much choice, do we? 
Yumiko: I suppose not...
Amane: Yeah, I agree as well...
Makina: Well, there ya go, boss.
Yuuji: Thanks for the summary, but what about you, Makina?
Makina: Uu? I'm a reasonable an' selfless girl by nature, ya know? I wasn't plannin' to kick up a fuss in th' first place.
Makina: That said, if ya make my adorable Sacchin cry, I'll lodge a formal objection in th' appropriate venue at once.
Yuuji: ...Sounds about right.
Makina: Okay, we have us a deal!
Michiru: Hey, Amane... is it just me, or does Makina seem weirdly mature all of a sudden...?
Amane: Yeah, you're not wrong...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Seems like I've managed to persuade them for the time being.*
Yuuji: All right then, looks like we're pretty much done here... Sachi and I are going to head out now.
Sachi: Oh, did you have something further planned?
Yuuji: Yeah. Wanted to talk some stuff over, now that things are official.
Yuuji: All right, later. Let's go, Sach.
Sachi: ...At your service.
Makina: He's already given her some gross pet name! Layin' it on thick right off the bat, aren't ya!?
Michiru: I think saying "at your service" to your boyfriend is the weirder part there... 
Amane: Well, I'm still trying to get my head around the whole "childhood friends" thing...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: To be certain, there's a great deal I'd like to say about this...
Yumiko: But sometimes... that sort of forcible approach may be just what the doctor ordered...
Narration: *After heading out onto the roof with Sachi in tow, I lean back against the tall wire fence and exhale.*
Yuuji: Phew...
Narration: *Our classmates' reactions were a little unpredictable, but in the end I managed to get their consent, if not approval.*
Narration: *With our relationship established, I'll be able to spend more time around Sachi without it seeming unnatural. Simply being there should be a good first step.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Sachi stands at my side with typically excellent posture, staring off vaguely into the distance as if lost in thought.*
Yuuji: ...Sort of threw things into a commotion the instant you got out of the hospital, didn't I? You feeling all right?
Sachi: Ah, yes. I rested for three full days, so I've completely recovered.
Yuuji: That a fact...?
Sachi: Yes.
Narration: *Even so, she responds to my question immediately, turning toward me with a pleasant smile on her face.*
Narration: *To be sure, that's all completely standard Sachi, but the way she was gazing off absent-mindedly instead of waiting attentively for her next orders is a little unusual.*
Yuuji: Also, I know this is a little late in the game, but... sorry about springing the girlfriend thing on you out of nowhere.
Sachi: No... that's quite all right. I'm very happy that you asked me, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: ...Happy, huh?
Narration: *If what Sachi calls "happiness" now was really something deserving of the name, I don't think I would've gotten this worried about her.*
Narration: *At the moment, she's buried her feelings so deep that she can't even give herself a straight answer about whether she likes me. But for the same reason, becoming a formal "couple" should be a meaningful development.*
Yuuji: Anyway... I know it must seem sudden, but I meant what I said to the others.
Yuuji: Now that we're dating, I'm going to put real effort into being your boyfriend. That's a promise.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ...Fair warning, I'm planning to give you a few pushes forward. To help you be yourself.
Sachi: Help me be myself...? The discussion seems to have taken a rather philosophical turn...
Yuuji: I'm not going to explain yet. You'll have to wait and see.
Sachi: I see. A Kazami-style surprise, is it?
Yuuji: That it is. Get a bit excited?
Sachi: Yes. At the moment, I wouldn't be surprised if you abruptly declared your candidacy for prime minister.
Yuuji: Uh, you really should be...
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ...Look, there's no point in acting surprised now, okay?
Sachi: I see... The timing is rather difficult, isn't it...?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Even in casual, aimless conversations like this, Sachi's self-imposed rules regularly assert themselves.*
Narration: *...No matter what happened in the past, she's a student at Mihama Academy now.*
Narration: *In that case, we may as well get her a few appropriate memories to remember her student life by.*
Narration: *I think that's what Sachi needs more than anything else right now. It's not going to solve all her problems, but it's a necessary start.*
Yuuji: Okay, here's the thing... Now that we're in a relationship, there's three things I want you to try and do for me, Sachi.
Sachi: Now we get to the heart of the matter... I'm to receive your lust, provide an outlet for your passion, and satisfy your carnal desires, yes...?
Yuuji: ...Not only are you spectacularly wrong, but all three of those mean the exact same thing.
Sachi: Then...?
Yuuji: Number one. Try to spend as much time with me as you can, within reason.
Sachi: Within reason... In other words, all day with the exception of time spent sleeping, bathing, and using the toilet?
Yuuji: Roughly, yeah... but I'm not looking to establish any hard and fast rules here. Don't think too hard about these.
Sachi: ...Certainly.
Narration: *Sachi closes her eyes and nods slightly to herself in a familiar gesture.*
Narration: *...Come to think of it, this probably signifies the moment where she binds herself to a new "precept."*
Yuuji: Okay, second up...
Sachi: Yes?
Yuuji: From now on, I want you to try and actively think about the reasons behind things.
Sachi: The reasons...?
Yuuji: That's right...
Yuuji: Remember that time a while back when Michiru asked you to bring her a metal bat?
Sachi: I believe so... Wasn't this the same day I cleaned the grand bath with you, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: That's right. At the time, you told me you weren't interested in the reason Michiru wanted the bat. But I think you'd be better off showing a little more curiosity about things like that.
Yuuji: For one thing, some effort in that department should help cut down on those weird misunderstandings you're always making.
Sachi: I see. A very reasonable suggestion.
Yuuji: ...All right.
Yuuji: As for number three... Generally speaking, I want you to observe my behavior carefully.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Uhm... I'm sorry, but could you please elaborate?
Yuuji: Yeah, let's see... As your boyfriend, I'm going to spend a lot of time with you. We'll do plenty of things together, and talk a lot more than we used to.
Yuuji: So as my girlfriend, I'd like you to actively make note of how I act in any given situation.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: I know you might not understand at the moment, but I think it's going to be helpful down the road.
Sachi: All right... In that case, I'll thoroughly burn your every word and deed into my memory, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: ...Yeah, you do that.
Narration: *...So far, so good.*
Narration: *If these rules function properly, the time we spend together should prove beneficial to Sachi.*
Yuuji: That's all I wanted to say, but... you have any questions on your end, Sachi?
Sachi: Well, yes, there is one thing I'd like to ask...
Yuuji: Good to hear. Shoot.
Sachi: Yes... The truth is, I've been wondering about this for a while now...
Sachi: Kazami-san, have you decided to shift your method of addressing me from "Sachi" to "Sach?" 
Yuuji: I was just thinking how unusual it was for you to be staring off into the distance... but you were worrying about that, of all things?
Sachi: What are you saying, Kazami-san? One's popular designation is a matter of significant importance not only in daily life, but even in the midst of combat operations.
Sachi: If, for example, your code name were "Michiru-sama" rather than "Mad Hatter," every transmission would be met with an explosion of scornful amusement, rendering your job all but impossible to perform!
Yuuji: You know... Michiru'd bite your leg if she heard that...
Narration: *But... considering the "Michiru-sama" incident, this does seem to be a fairly important point to Sachi.*
Yuuji: Hrm... All right, if it's that big a deal to you, I'll think it over carefully.
Sachi: I do appreciate it...
Narration: *That said, the nickname before was a completely spur-of-the-moment thing, and "Sachi" has always worked pretty well for me.*
Yuuji: ...All right. I think I'm going to stick with "Sachi" after all. It's what I'm used to at this point.
Sachi: Certainly. And on a related note, how should I address you, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: Let's see...
Narration: *The way she is now, Sachi'd probably call me "Onii-chan" or "Darling" without even batting an eyelid if I asked...*
Narration: *Might be something worth taking advantage of, since I have the chance.*
Yuuji: All right then... From now on, why don't you call me "Yuu-kun," the way you used to?
Sachi: Uhm... I'd like to ask a question in accordance with "rule two," if I may... Does that mean you'd find it more pleasant to be addressed that way?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I guess. It's kind of nostalgic, and first names feels more natural for a couple, don't you think?
Sachi: I see... I wasn't aware "Yuu-kun" had such an effect on you... 
Yuuji: If you like, I can call you "Sacchan" myself.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: T-That would overlap with Amane-san somewhat... but if that's what you want, Kazami-san, I wouldn't dream of refusing.
Yuuji: ...All right, understood.
Narration: *As always, she's seriously awkward when it comes to expressing what she really wants.*
Michiru: Nggigigiih... Make a laughingstock out of my name, will you... It seems the time has come to throw down the gauntlet and show Sachi who's boss...
Amane: I really wouldn't try. You'd definitely lose, Michiru...
Michiru: Guhhh...!!
Yumiko: More importantly... is it just me, or is there nothing particularly out of the ordinary here...? They seem to be rather enjoying themselves.
Amane: Yeah, you're not wrong... I actually feel a little bad for spying on them at this point...
Makina: See? I told ya so. You're a buncha worrywarts, fer real.
Michiru: ...Come on, Makina. You like Yuuji so much you call him "Onii-chan," for crying out loud. What's with you playing the mature voice of reason?
Makina: Listen caref'lly, Chiruchiru... Human beings are creatures defined by constant growth!
Makina: The only people that ain't growin' are people who've stopped movin' forward... and you, in th' tits department. 
Michiru: ...You're on the list now! I'm gonna make you cry! Just wait and see!
Amane: I reaaally wouldn't try. You'd definitely be the one blubbering in the end...
Michiru: Fgguuh...! Don't give in... Don't let them bring you down, me...!

Date: *August 1, 2011, 10:11 - Mihama Academy - Principal's Office*
Narration: *―My master always used to tell me that "the success or failure of an operation is 80% decided before you pull the trigger."*
Narration: *Point being, preliminary planning and advance groundwork are crucial. And in general, disorganization and dysfunction in the field is the product of problems with your group's interpersonal dynamics.*
Narration: *Smooth communication and functional relationships create the favorable conditions necessary for success. You need to keep the people around you up to date on your situation, and ensure that everyone shares a common understanding.*
Narration: *In obedience to that theory, I voluntarily submitted myself to an aggravating interrogation from my classmates yesterday. But unfortunately, there's still one more person in this school I need to offer a report to.*
Narration: *...Well, considering that she possesses the authority to restrict my actions, it might be more accurate to call this one a "negotiation" rather than a "report"...*
Narration: *When negotiating, it's a serious mistake to admit a position of weakness. If the balance of power is overwhelmingly tilted toward your opponent, your goal is to keep them from realizing it.*
Narration: *At times, a little empty bravado is called for.*
Yuuji: ...So in summary, Sachi and I are dating as of yesterday. You have a problem with that?
Principal: Is that so? Congratulations to you.
Narration: *Apparently unfazed by both my arrogant tone and my sizable pair of feet (currently propped up on her nice wooden table), Chizuru offers me a little round of mock applause in place of a scolding.*
Yuuji: Aren't teachers supposed to object to this sort of thing by default?
Principal: That's a misguided preconception, plain and simple. A full range of healthy social relationships enables personal growth. I have no reason to oppose this.
Yuuji: You're not considering the possibility I might take advantage of Sachi and then throw her away?
Principal: If you conclude that's the best thing for Komine-san, I won't say anything.
Yuuji: Sounds like something JB would say...
Principal: Oh, a comparison to Harudera-san? How flattering.
Yuuji: ...What? A modest, youthful woman like you, who could still pass for a student in a pinch, idolizing some shaggy-headed bimbo who traipses around dressed like a transvestite magician?
Principal: That's not it! That's incredibly rude to her, for one thing... and all I meant was that she understands you better than anyone else!!  
Yuuji: Ah, that's a relief...
Principal: Anyway, I know you well enough to conclude you're not the sort of person who'd do something like that.
Yuuji: And now she's talking like some kind of educator... Cheeky woman.
Principal: Excuse me... Can you name my profession?
Yuuji: ...You're a principal.
Principal: Very well done.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *The women I know have a habit of coolly declaring that they "understand" things about me that I'm not aware of myself.*
Narration: *From my perspective, it's kind of disconcerting. Maybe I'm just that transparent a human being, but whatever the case...*
Narration: *This sort of vague, unconditional trust just makes the pressure and sense of responsibility I've burdened myself with weigh all the heavier on my shoulders.*
Principal: So, to be perfectly clear, I completely respect and value the independence of my students in matters like these.
Yuuji: Independence, she says...
Narration: *This sense that I'm acting exactly as Chizuru anticipated is a little galling, but I guess putting up with a bit of smug self-satisfaction on her part is far preferable to fighting against her opposition.*
Yuuji: To be honest, though... I'm not confident I can play the "boyfriend" role particularly well...
Principal: Oh? Rather rare to hear such uncertainty from you...
Yuuji: ...Guess so.
Yuuji: My master taught me the knowledge and attitude necessary to get by in Ichigaya. And so far, I've been able to compensate for my shortcomings in other fields through determined effort.
Yuuji: So if I was dealing with someone who wanted a comfortable lifestyle, or a prettier face, or something... I'm confident that I'd be able to make it happen, given enough time.
Yuuji: But... I honestly don't know if I'll ever be able to make "happiness" mean the same thing for Sachi as it does for me...
Principal: ......
Yuuji: I'm well aware that once someone forgets what happiness is, it's not easy to make them remember again.
Narration: *After all, you could say this whole project is an attempt to do for Sachi what my master did for me.*
Principal: ...I see.
Principal: You may not appreciate hearing this, but... I'm slightly relieved to hear you talk like that.
Narration: *Chizuru relaxes in her chair as she speaks, and her eyes find mine, gentle as a new mother's.*
Yuuji: ...Why would hearing about my self-doubt inspire relief, exactly?
Principal: Well, as a "client" who's requested work from you, I suppose it should be a little unsettling...
Principal: But as a student... no, as a human being, you're still a work in progress. You do know that, yes?
Yuuji: ......
Principal: It's only natural that you'd feel anxious about something you're attempting for the first time... But if you persist, if you keep on approaching others, I think that hole inside you will start to fill up. Bit by bit.
Yuuji: ...Weren't you the one mocking me for being a romantic just the other day? You're laying it on pretty thick yourself all of a sudden.
Principal: Uhm, excuse me... it may sound slightly corny, but I'm being serious here, you know?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm aware of that.
Principal: I hope so... I'd like you to try and keep in mind that you're currently in a place called a "school."
Yuuji: ...And what's that supposed to mean, apart from the blindingly obvious?
Principal: A school comes with teachers, such as myself... and classmates, such as the girls.
Principal: So when you're feeling uncertain, or simply don't know what to do next, there's no reason to muddle through it alone. Get help from the people around you. That's what we're here for, don't you think?
Yuuji: Help from the people around me, huh...?
Principal: You've been at this academy for a while now, so... I assume you've noticed that those girls are surprisingly reliable, yes?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *At first glance, they're an eccentric bunch, and a number of them have some serious deficiencies as students. But as a group, they've got an unexpectedly observant and responsible side when it comes to helping out their classmates.*
Narration: *When Sachi went missing, every one of them cooperated on their own initiative, above and beyond what I asked of them. Can't say Chizuru's wrong about this one.*
Principal: Judging from the expression on your face, I think you know what I'm talking about.
Yuuji: ...Yeah, suppose so.
Principal: Also, as it fortunately happens to be summer vacation at the moment... why not simply spend more time with Komine-san and see what happens? Perhaps you'll find your answers in the natural course of things.
Yuuji: ......
Principal: You may be a "working student," but I assume you have enough time to spare for this, yes?
Yuuji: Guess you're probably right...
Narration: *My uncertainty about this new relationship is my own problem. The things Sachi needs from me aren't going to change.*
Narration: *The soul-searching and second-guessing can wait until after she's regained something like normality.*
Principal: What do you think? Even a teacher who could still pass for a student can be slightly useful every once in a while, yes?
Yuuji: ...Yeah. My apologies. I retract the comment.
Principal: That's the way. Do try to keep up that admirable spirit of humility.
Narration: *As Chizuru stands from her chair, I follow her lead and push myself up off the sofa.*
Yuuji: Well, I'll give it my best shot.
Principal: That's a good attitude... There's no need to overthink this.
Principal: If you act with Komine-san in mind, you're already quite a splendid boyfriend, in my opinion.
Yuuji: ...Hope you're right.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Just as I reported to Chizuru, yesterday Sachi and I officially became a couple.*
Narration: *Although doing so was a necessary step toward helping Sachi regain herself, I don't want our relationship to be nothing but the means to an end.*
Narration: *And while my master taught me a few things about romance, it was more like playing make-believe than anything else. This is the first time I've been in a genuine romantic partnership.*
Narration: *...I've somehow stumbled into a position of potentially considerable influence over the life of someone I care about.*
Narration: *It's a heavy thought. A single drop of sweat runs down my spine, sending a slight unseasonable chill through my body.*
Yuuji: Guess it's only natural that I'd be nervous...
???: ......
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *Lowering my eyes from the ceiling, I discover a shadowy shape protruding slightly from behind a pillar.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Judging from the single glint of light that follows as I move, they're probably watching me with a monocular of some sort.*
Narration: *A decently made "toy" of that sort can read fine newsprint from ten meters. The pro models are highly useful as inconspicuous portable surveillance devices...*
Narration: *But since this is almost certainly just Makina screwing around with something she ordered out of the back of a comic book, it shouldn't pose a problem to just leave it be.*
Yuuji: ......
???: ......
???: ......
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *But even as I move from place to place, the shadowy form and its glint of light follows persistently.*
Narration: *Getting followed around all day would be kind of unpleasant. I think it's time I put an end to this.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: !!
Narration: *After a moment of quiet concentration, I throw open my eyes and dash fiercely at my hidden observer.*
???: ...Huh? W-Wha...?
Narration: *And, making full use of my surprise advantage, I barrel straight into my target before they have time to react.*
???: Nhyaah!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *As my momentum carries us rolling across the ground, I twist my body to protect the stalker from the impact. When we come to rest in the shadows, there's a floral scent tickling my nose and the feeling of something soft in my hand.*
Yuuji: This would be a female breast, if I'm not mistaken...
???: Mnn...
Yuuji: A little small for Amane or Yumiko... but not meager enough to be Makina or Michiru...
Yuuji: ...Sachi, that you?
Sachi: How astonishing... Yuu-kun, you're capable of identifying people simply by groping their breasts...?
Yuuji: Well, to be honest, I was also going off your scent and non-reaction to being tackled, among other things.
Narration: *I rise to my feet as I speak, then reach out a hand to Sachi, who's still sprawled out on the ground.*
Sachi: Ah...
Yuuji: ...Why're you blushing all of a sudden?
Sachi: Well... I thought we'd likely be doing some "romantic" activities at this point, so I was trying to help set the mood...
Yuuji: Appreciate the thought, but nobody asked for that sort of help...
Sachi: Then why did you push me down just now?
Yuuji: Because you've been stalking me since I left the principal's office.
Sachi: In other words, you were on to me all along?
Yuuji: Of course I was. The way you kept pointing that thing straight at my face, it'd be pretty damn hard to miss the reflection from the lens.
Sachi: I see... I had thought this a good opportunity to make use of the monocular I purchased to play spies with Maki-chan, as rumor had it the KGB themselves favored this model...
Sachi: But the manual didn't mention anything about the lens reflecting light.
Yuuji: Well, probably because it was too obvious to mention... More importantly, why did you feel the need to conduct a surveillance operation on me this late in the game? Did somebody ask you to investigate my movements?
Sachi: Yes. You did, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Oh, I did... Wait, I did?
Sachi: That's correct. Yesterday, you instructed me to observe your behaviour carefully.
Yuuji: ...And that's why you were spying on me from the shadows with a monocular?
Sachi: Indeed. So as to carefully observe even the finest details invisible to the naked eye, I'm utilizing a precision instrument with six lenses and two prisms. Nothing will slip by me, I assure you.
Yuuji: ...How reassuring.
Narration: *Naturally, I didn't mean "observe carefully" in that sense, but Sachi interpreted it this way. I'll have to make a mental note for future reference.*
Michiru: Sachiii, you have a minute?
Narration: *Just as I'm heaving a small sigh, Michiru's shrill voice approaches.*
Michiru: I've got a little favor to ask... Wait, what the... Yuuji's here too?
Yuuji: If that's a problem, I can leave.
Michiru: That's not really what I'm saying, but... uh...
Michiru: H-Hold on a second! Whuh... What are you even doing out here!? Don't tell me you're taking advantage of this "dating Sachi" thing... and trying some f-f-funny business in broad daylight!?
Sachi: Calm yourself, Michiru-sama. Your nasal breathing is growing alarmingly intense.
Michiru: Mmnn! R-Right... It'd be beneath my dignity to lose my cool here...
Narration: *...My finely honed instincts are telling me it's probably best not to ask "what dignity?" at the moment.*
Sachi: Well then, what was the specific nature of your request?
Michiru: Aah, yeah... I kinda wanted your help cleaning my room, Sachi.
Yuuji: In other words, you're incapable of picking up after yourself. Good to know.
Michiru: Uugh... T-Thing about me is, uh... you know. I like things nice and tidy, but... I've got a bit of a natural talent for making a mess!
Yuuji: ...Sounds rough.
Michiru: I-I know, right? So, can you come help, Sachi?
Sachi: Uhm... as you can see, Yuu-kun, Michiru-sama is requesting my―
Michiru: Y-Yuu-kun!?
Yuuji: I'm pretty sure I already mentioned she used to call me that when we were kids... Is it that surprising to hear her using it now?
Michiru: Aah... now that you mention it, you did say something about that on the roof...
Yuuji: On the roof?
Michiru: Uwaaaaah! N-Nothing, I said nothing! A little brain fart, that's all! A mysterious transmission from space just happened to jump into my skull! Or something... ahaha...
Sachi: ......
Michiru: Ngyuuu!?
Michiru: What the―!? Sachi, why are you yanking my twintails all of a sudden!?
Sachi: Well... your reception seemed somewhat problematic... I thought I might try and adjust the antenna...
Michiru: Why are you always like this...? I obviously wasn't SERIOUS about the message from outer space. I mean, I've never even been to Sirius!
Sachi: Very nice. As always, Michiru-sama, your puns could make a stone groan.
Michiru: ...Hm? Is that... a compliment, or an insult?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *That has to be one of the more inept attempts at dodging a question I've ever seen... it seems safe to conclude our classmates were listening in our conversation on the rooftop.*
Michiru: So, what's it gonna be? Can I borrow Sachi or not?
Yuuji: Yeah. Don't mind me.
Sachi: I suppose it's settled, then.
Michiru: Okay then... Your boyfriend gave the all clear, so let's do this.
Sachi: Yes.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *"Accept what others ask of you without exception."*
Narration: *You could call that the principle that defines Sachi as she is today... so come to think of it, this might present a good opportunity to disrupt the status quo a little.*
Yuuji: Actually, hold on a second.
Michiru: Hm? What's wrong?
Yuuji: Can I help out with this request as well?
Michiru: Huh...? You're offering to clean my room, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Michiru: ...W-Where is this coming from all of a sudden?
Yuuji: Cleaning a room involves physical labor, after all. As a boyfriend, I think it's only natural that I reduce my girlfriend's burden wherever possible.
Michiru: Ah, yeah, yeah... now I get it. You just wanted to show off... Just have to rub the single girl's nose in it, huh...?
Yuuji: You can interpret it however you want. Is it all right if I help, or do you want Sachi to handle this alone for some reason?
Michiru: Well, I guessss... I don't really care either way, as long as the room gets clean.
Yuuji: Very accommodating of you... Much obliged.
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait, did I just get thanked for some reason?
Yuuji: Yeah, that you did. You're just as understanding as I'd hoped, Michiru.
Michiru: Heheh... heheheh... I don't really get it, but I could get used to being praised by Yuuji...
Michiru: So, you heard the man, Sachi. I guess Yuuji's gonna be helping out on this one as well.
Sachi: Yes. As long as you're in agreement, Michiru-sama, I don't mind in the slightest.
Yuuji: All right. Sachi, you'll be operating as my support.
Sachi: Affirmative.
Michiru: Whoa, already in mission mode...?
Yuuji: Hrm... so this is Michiru's room...
Michiru: O-Okay, look... I agreed to let you help with the cleaning, but don't go poking around more than you need to, all right?
Yuuji: Not a problem. I've more or less grasped the structure of the room itself.
Sachi: Well then, Yuu-kun, do you know where Michiru-sama keeps her underwear?
Yuuji: Same as you, Sachi. In the top drawer of her dresser.
Michiru: Nbwahh! W-Why do you know that!? Don't tell me you're a psychic on top of everything else!?
Yuuji: Actually, that's exactly it... but if the truth gets out, it'd become a huge hassle. Keep it secret from the others, will you?
Michiru: N-No kidding... You had it rough in your own way, huh...?
Narration: *...At times like these, one can't help being grateful for Michiru's easily-manipulated nature.*
Yuuji: Anyway, the room itself doesn't look that messy... What did you want us to clean up, specifically?
Michiru: Well... over there...
Narration: *Averting her eyes in shame, Michiru points to a corner of her room, where numerous stacks of dusty manga tower halfway to the ceiling.*
Yuuji: From a glance at the titles, they all seem to be tsundere-centric...
Sachi: The limp loops of plastic string scattered about tell the story of a frustrated attempt to dispose of these herself...
Michiru: I tried my best, okay? No matter how tight I pulled the string, it'd always get all loose at the end...
Yuuji: ...And that's why you came to Sachi?
Michiru: That's right! You understand the request now, right? Can I leave the rest to you?
Yuuji: Yeah. I already gave you my word I'd help, so you can expect my best efforts.
Michiru: T-Thanks, I guess...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Gathering the plastic string from the floor, I make three loops, then begin to slip the magazines inside about six at a time.*
Yuuji: Get a good pile inside, then cross the strings so they intersect on top... make a few small loops at the corners, and only then pull it taut...
Yuuji: There. A good tight bundle.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Where the heck did that come from? Are you one of those guys who does tricks on primetime variety shows, or what?
Yuuji: Not quite. Picked this one up from some book I read ages ago, that's all.
Sachi: These days, it's not uncommon for the string itself to come packaged with instructions for a variety of knots and techniques.
Michiru: No kidding... I don't think I even know any knots, other than the shoelace one...
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ...Sachi, how many do we have left?
Sachi: Actually... the ones you're working on now seem to be the last of them, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *My hands still in motion, I ask for a progress report, only to be informed the job's practically over.*
Narration: *By dividing the work efficiently between the two of us, we've completed Michiru's request in less than ten minutes.*
Michiru: ...Okay then, can you people please explain why I've been bundled up too?
Yuuji: ...Hah?
Narration: *When I turn back, Michiru's rolling helplessly around the floor, her entire body bound tightly with plastic string in the popular "tortoise-shell" pattern.*
Yuuji: ...Hey there, Michiru. I understand if you've acquired a taste for bondage, but it strikes me as kind of rude to play with yourself while people are doing your chores for you.
Michiru: I-I didn't tie myself up, idiot! Your girlfriend did this!!
Yuuji: Sachi did?
Sachi: Yes. Thanks to your assistance, I had a few spare moments on the job... I decided to take the opportunity to impress the fundamentals of secure binding onto our client's very body.
Michiru: That's completely friggin' ridiculous! If you want to teach me, do it normally! For one thing, this is a completely different kind of "binding!!"
Sachi: True. In that case, I'll use a knot ideal for binding magazines next. If you'll just―
Michiru: That's NOT necessary, thanks! Just untie me already! Arrrrgh!!
Sachi: Yes. Certainly.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Although I suppose this could be taken as another demonstration of the friendly and trusting relationship these two share, the way she meekly allowed Sachi to truss her up like a Christmas ham can only be described as "pure Michiru."*
Michiru: But, I gotta say... you two sure finished that up fast enough, after all the trouble it gave me...
Yuuji: Well, yeah. The request itself wasn't anything particularly tough.
Sachi: Yuu-kun, that statement could be interpreted as an insult toward Michiru-sama, as she was forced to ask for our help.
Michiru: Hey, I coulda... I coulda done it alone, if I really put my mind to it... 
Sachi: Perhaps, but... I can picture the garbage day that would follow quite clearly. I see you, Michiru-sama, spilling hundreds of magazines all over the stairs, shrieking "nuhiiii!" in a high-pitched voice...
Michiru: Stop! Stop seeing it! This is a no-soothsaying zone!
Yuuji: ...Hrm.
Michiru: W-Well... whatever. You two really did help me out, so thanks, for what it's worth.
Yuuji: Yeah. Same to you, Michiru. You've been a help.
Sachi: Thank you very much, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Uh... getting thanked after asking you guys for a favor feels a little weird...
Yuuji: No need to think too hard about that one. Incidentally, if you need another favor sometime, you can come straight to me.
Michiru: Wait, so if I do... you'll help again?
Yuuji: Yeah. As long as I can help I will. Anything you want, feel free to ask.
Michiru: Wha!?
Yuuji: Hm? Hardly as shocking an offer as all that, is it...?
Michiru: Well, no, but, uh... when you say "anything," do you really mean... anything?
Yuuji: I don't know what else I'd mean. Same deal as Sachi, basically... Of course, that only goes for the humanly possible.
Michiru: ...T-That's still plenty!!
Narration: *Muttering the words more to herself than anyone else, Michiru pumps a fist at her side in an apparent display of enthusiasm.*
Yuuji: What's with you?
Michiru: N-Never mind me! I-It's nothing... 
Michiru: Anyway, good work today! Okay, thanks, see ya, bye!!
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *After abruptly terminating the conversation, Michiru practically pushes Sachi and me out of her room, then slams the door shut.*
Yuuji: Don't really understand what that was all about, but it seems like she has something on her mind all of a sudden.
Sachi: More mercurial than a barrel of thermometers... Such is Michiru-sama's inherent nature.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *It seems the day I can fully decipher Michiru's modus operandi is still far away.*
Sachi: Also... Yuu-kun, do you have any plans for the rest of the day?
Yuuji: Hmm, not really. Thought I'd just read in my room for a while...
Sachi: In that case, would it be all right if I joined you?
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm the one who just asked you to try and spend time with me, after all.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *These actions have meaning. This is for her own good, in the long run.*
Narration: *But even so, that doesn't change the fact that I'm taking advantage of Sachi's internal rules to manipulate her behavior.*
Sachi: Uhm... Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ...Hm? Something wrong?
Sachi: Did I, by any chance... say something strange?
Yuuji: ...No, not really.
Sachi: Is that so? I'm very glad to hear it.
Narration: *Apparently relieved by my response, Sachi smiles broadly.*
Narration: *I noticed this earlier as well, but apparently the girl's pretty astute at picking up on small changes in my expression.*
Yuuji: Okay, back to the topic at hand. Go grab a few books from your room and bring them over, all right? The genre doesn't matter.
Sachi: Certainly. I'll be paying you a visit in approximately ten minutes, then.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *When she asked that question, those clear and steady eyes seemed to be staring right through my skull to the guilty feelings rolling around inside my mind. Gave me a bit of a start.*
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Okay... looks like they're gone...
Michiru: Yuuji's willing to do anything we ask? This is some top-grade intelligence... I've gotta take this one straight to the top...
Michiru: ......
Yumiko: ...What?
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Inside my practically undecorated room, silent except for the sound of the air conditioning I turned on for Sachi's benefit, I turn the pages of my book without offering any real conversation.*
Narration: *Sachi doesn't offer a word of complaint at any of this. When I glance over, she's sitting passively exactly where she was an hour ago, a contented smile on her face,*
Yuuji: ...Look, Sachi. Are you planning to read at some point, or what?
Sachi: Uhm... I'm actually rather enjoying just watching you like this, Yuu-kun... but perhaps I should read as well?
Yuuji: Well, I'm not trying to force you or anything... but is watching someone who's sitting around reading a book really any fun?
Sachi: In its way, yes. For example, your expression changes subtly in reaction to the specific passage you're reading. And your concentration is impressive... You've engrossed yourself in that book for a good two hours without stirring.
Sachi: Maki-chan would have gotten visibly bored within minutes, and by this stage I imagine we'd be playing a rather obscene round of twenty questions.
Yuuji: ...That so?
Sachi: Yes, it is.
Narration: *Although I can't say I enjoy being compared to Makina, I guess it's safe to interpret that as an attempt at a compliment.*
Yuuji: ...I think I've told you this a few times by now... but you're definitely a "unique" one, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes. Thank you very much.
Narration: *For example, I don't think you'll find many people who'll smile happily after essentially being called bizarre to their face... But that said, spending this quiet time alone together isn't so bad on my end, either.*
Narration: *In fact, it brings back some faint memories of the old days... We used to watch each other like this a lot in that park. I'd look up at Sachi as she soared into the sky on her swing, and she'd look over the bench at me as I started my homework.*
Narration: *At this stage in my life, that constant presence at my side doesn't feel as natural as it did back then. That gaze makes it a little harder to relax, even. But ask me if I find it "unpleasant," and my answer would be a definite "no."*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *Just as I'm reaching the end of my book, my attention is caught by the sound of someone rushing noisily down the stairs.*
Amane: Hey, Yuuji! Did you really volunteer to become our communal sex slave!?
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Our sudden visitor and her bizarre question are too much to process on the fly. Sachi and I look quizzically into each other's faces.*
Yuuji: Look, woman. You burst into my room, fine, but do me a favor and keep your twisted delusions to yourself...
Narration: *I push myself up off the bed with a few cold words, then deliver a light poke directly to Amane's forehead.*
Amane: Nnah...
Amane: C'mooon, somebody tells me a guy I'm interested in is now a public-domain sex toy... What do you expect is gonna happen? Any red-blooded woman would get worked up into a bit of a frenzy.
Yuuji: ...Hold on, Amane. I roughly understand what happened here, but... where exactly did you pick up this criminally fraudulent misinformation?
Makina: Who do ya think she heard it from!? 'Twas I, o' course!
Yuuji: Another one popped up out of nowhere...
Makina: When I told Ama-nee th' news, she bounded off like a dog in heat... I got a stitch in my side just keepin' up with her, ya know?
Amane: Again with the bitch in heat thing...
Yuuji: ...And where did you hear that story from, Makina?
Makina: Uu? Ain't that obvious? The mel-an'-colic woman of constant sorrow, Yumi-chan.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *To conjecture from what I've heard so far, it seems the offer I communicated to Michiru was badly distorted on its way to Amane in the classic telephone-game style, but...*
Narration: *It'd be a pain in the ass to try and correct all their misunderstandings one by one, so I guess I'll gather the whole lot of them and explain.*
Yuuji: Before the story gets even more muddled, let's discuss this as a group.
Sachi: In that case, I'll go fetch Michiru-sama and Sakaki-san.
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Appreciate it.
Narration: *As it turned out that Sakaki had left the dorm for a while, we ended up waiting for the slightly cooler evening before gathering in the lobby for our little chat.*
Yuuji: Now that I've got you all together, I've got a few preliminary questions for clarity's sake. Sakaki, what did you tell Makina this afternoon?
Yumiko: ...I simply passed along exactly what Matsushima-san told me, word for word.
Yuuji: All right then, Michiru, what did you tell Sakaki?
Michiru: Me? Pretty sure I just said "Yuuji's willing to do any favor we ask for"... that's it.
Yuuji: ...I see. So that's how it is.
Makina: Owowch! Hey... whatcha hit me for alluva sudden?
Yuuji: Because from the sound of things, you're pretty obviously the sole criminal here...
Makina: C'mon, "any favor we ask for?" Isn't "sexual favors" gonna be the first thing on yer mind?
Michiru: M-Maybe so, but... this s-s-s-sex... sex slave stuff is totally going overboard...
Makina: What half-hearted thinkin'! Young people need a creative spirit an' bold imagination more than anythin' else these days! You'll never get ahead in society if you're not lookin' to take things a step further than the competition!!
Yumiko: Maybe so, but I don't think that has anything whatsoever to do with this...
Amane: Well... I kinda did have a feeling it might be something like that...
Narration: *Smiling wryly, Amane rubs the back of her head in an uncharacteristic gesture of mild embarrassment.*
Michiru: But you did say the thing about the favors, right? I wasn't misunderstanding or anything?
Yuuji: Yeah. I did indeed say that.
Michiru: See, what I told Yumiko wasn't wrong or anything. Yep.
Yumiko: Yes, sure... but more importantly, do you really mean "anything?"
Yuuji: Well, it has to be something I'm capable of doing, but more or less...
Yumiko: Yes, that's only common sense. But even so...
Amane: Where is this coming from all of a sudden?
Yuuji: It's a little complicated... but to put it simply, I'm doing this for Sachi's sake.
Michiru: Aah... come to think of it, you were talking about reducing her burden before, weren't you...
Narration: *Michiru shrugs her shoulders, a mildly exasperated expression on her face.*
Amane: In other words... since you're Sacchan's boyfriend now, you're converting to the maid faith?
Yuuji: Yeah, guess you could put it that way.
Narration: *Although I could quibble about that phrasing, she's got the crucial point down: I'm assuming the role normally reserved for Sachi in this dorm.*
Yumiko: ...I-I must admit, I'm rather lost... You're really volunteering yourself as an, er, manservant?
Michiru: He just said so, didn't he?
Amane: Hmm, this presents some intriguing possibilities...
Makina: Uu? Is Onii-chan turnin' into a maid really as interestin' as all that?
Amane: Well, even if sex slavery is off the table... we can ask the "unreasonable" of Yuuji now, you know?
Makina: ...Just ta remind you people, Onii-chan belongs to Sacchin now.
Amane: Aw, don't worry, it's all good. There's pleeenty of fun stuff you can do before it really counts as cheating, y'see...
Makina: S-Scary... Is this th' true power of a super slut...?
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: Hey, Yumiko... are you maybe planning to ask for a little something as well?
Yumiko: I-I'm not considering anything like what Suou-san is talking about, of course... but perhaps a normal favor or two.
Michiru: Normal... like what?
Yumiko: Maybe a... m-massage, or something?
Michiru: The heck? You're chomping at the bit yourself...
Amane: Guhuh... Guhuhuhuh...
Michiru: And in the meantime, Amane's completely degenerated into a dirty old man...
Yumiko: This is rather troubling in a number of ways...
Sachi: ...Somehow, everyone seems to be enjoying themselves a great deal, don't they?
Narration: *Even as the atmosphere of our little meeting takes a rapid turn for the dubious, Sachi maintains her utterly unperturbed smile.*
Yuuji: So anyway, ultimately speaking I might be taking some of your work from you, Sachi... Is that all right with you?
Sachi: Quite all right. If that's your decision, Yuu-kun, I have no reason to object.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Makina: Hold on, Sacchin... It's good that ya trust Onii-chan an' all, but I think it might be better ta veto this one, ya know?
Sachi: Veto...? But why?
Makina: I mean, Ama-nee's one bad comb-over from completely transformin' into a leerin', greasy middle-manager... Startin' tomorrow, I'm willin' to bet Onii-chan's underwear ain't even gonna have time to dry out!
Makina: Since yer his girlfriend now, Sacchin... that would kinda suck for you, right?
Sachi: I don't think I entirely follow... but if his underwear won't air-dry properly, can't we just put it in one of the drying machines upstairs?
Makina: Now I get it... Sacchin, you're gonna be one of them understandin' wives, fer sure! Forgivin' yer husband's cheatin' ways with a gentle smile!
Sachi: ...?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I hadn't anticipated this wild burst of excitement from Amane and company, but at present, Sachi doesn't seem to be harboring any doubts about my behavior. Or any curiosity whatsoever, really.*
Narration: *But that's all right for now.*
Narration: *What really matters is what lies ahead - how Sachi's static patterns of thought will evolve through observing my example.*

Date: *August 2, 2011, 10:25 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *My previous school, when compared to your more conventional learning institutions, operated on a decidedly "extreme" educational philosophy...*
Narration: *As a representative example, an instructor once showed us a plain white cup, loudly insisted it was "even greener than you fresh-faced little shits," then spent the entire "lesson" ensuring none of us dared even think otherwise.*
Narration: *Those relatively new to the place tended to spend a good deal of time grumbling about how insane all this was...*
Narration: *But when the time came and we were dumped out into the field, those who survived eventually came to understand that these "hazing" sessions were in fact surprisingly meaningful.*
Narration: *Point being, when you need to produce results that can't be achieved using ordinary methods, sometimes it's necessary to satisfy "unfair" demands...*
Narration: *And through my steadfast dedication to this principle, I currently find myself playing the role of a devoted maid serving a capricious master.*
Amane: Yuuuuji, where's that cold driiink～?
Yuuji: ...Coming.
Narration: *As Amane reclines indolently on the sofa, I carefully bring over a freshly-brewed cup of tea.*
Yuuji: Since you didn't specify anything in particular, I brought milk tea... Is that acceptable?
Amane: Huh? Gotta say, I wasn't really expecting tea from you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Well, unlike Sachi, I don't have a fully-stocked supply locker. I ran over and borrowed this from "Chizuru's room."
Amane: Uhm... there's no way you asked permission, is there...
Yuuji: No, but that's the price you have to pay for these high-quality Assam leaves. Not easy to get your hands on them lately.
Amane: I don't really know much about Assam... Are you supposed to drink it with milk?
Yuuji: Yeah. Compared to something like Darjeeling, Assam tea is pretty strong, both in color and taste.
Yuuji: To mellow that out a little, people usually dilute it with milk before drinking. It complements the flavor nicely.
Amane: Hmmm... you're pretty knowledgeable about tea, huh? I always had you down as more of a "Coffee. Black." type of guy.
Yuuji: I do drink coffee more often, yeah... but black tends to upset your stomach. And if I'm drinking something other than water, I usually try to get some sugar intake while I'm at it.
Yuuji: As a general rule, I tend to drink my coffee heavily sweetened.
Amane: Huh. Seems like you think about this stuff more carefully than I would've guessed, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Compared to the fine calorie-counting you're always doing, it's hardly anything worth mentioning.
Amane: But your meals are always so plain, so it's definitely a little weird...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Well, I've been waiting on Amane hand and foot for a while now, but...*
Narration: *After the way that conversation went yesterday, I guess I should be grateful she hasn't tried any seriously shady orders.*
Yuuji: All right, Amane. If you've got any other requests, go ahead and tell me now.
Amane: Huh? You're still up for more?
Yuuji: If you're going to ask me at some point, might as well get it out of the way now instead of later.
Amane: Oh, that so? Well then, maybe I'll take you up on that. Why don't you go borrow a maid uniform from Sacchan, and we'll see how it looks on―
Yuuji: Goodness, Miss Amane, you seem rather fatigued. Do allow me to give you a shoulder rub...
Narration: *Firmly seizing Amane's shoulders as I cut off her sentence, I dig my thumbs sharply into the muscles around her neck.*
Amane: Ahaha. Sorta figured that one might be a bridge too far.
Yuuji: Whatever are you saying, Mistress...? This is nothing but an earnest expression of concern on my part.
Amane: Hmmm...
Amane: Well, I got to see you roleplaying as a butler, so I guess I'll let you off the hook this time.
Yuuji: Thank you very much...
Amane: But I gotta say... aah, Yuuji... you're reeeally... good at this...
Narration: *Amane smirks in evident satisfaction at my submissive words, but soon enough she's squirming underneath my vigorous shoulder rub.*
Narration: *Speculating from what I've seen of Sachi's behavior, there seem to be two methods of coping with problematic requests like this one...*
Narration: *Either attempt to interject before the words are fully out of their mouth, or deliberately fail to hear them.*
Narration: *Of course, I don't think Sachi's consciously trying to be dishonest... but it's a fact that she's managed to slip past some difficult requests using this sort of "plausible deniability" technique.*
Narration: *But given the absolute nature of the laws Sachi's imposed on herself, careless words without any real malice behind them could easily lead to disaster...*
Narration: *To live a halfway decent life under such restraints, utilizing these kinds of gray areas is probably an absolute necessity.*
Makina: ...Hey, Sacchin. Just look at this un-bee-lee-vably bodacious older woman abusin' Onii-chan's noble offer to do our biddin'... Doesn't it make ya wanna plotz?
Sachi: I think you probably meant to say "audacious"... but either way, Yuu-kun and Amane-san seem to be having fun, so what's the harm?
Makina: ...Are those peepers o' yours even functional, girl?
Sachi: Hmm? I have 20/15 vision in both eyes, actually.
Makina: The more I ask ya about this sorta thing, the more worried I get about you, Sacchin...
Sachi: More importantly, aren't you planning to ask Yuu-kun for anything, Maki-chan?
Makina: Ooh, good point. No reason ta let Ama-nee hog him all day, is there!
Sachi: Yes, I don't believe the offer was restricted to Amane-san.
Makina: Allrighty. Since that's settled, we're beginnin' the Onii-chan reconquista operation at once!
Sachi: Aye, ma'am.
Makina: Hey there, Amane-san, we gots a little bone to pick with ya... How 'bout callin' it a day with this boy-toy roleplayin', kiddo?
Amane: Mm, guess you're right... Can't monopolize him too much. Don't want Michiru sticking pushpins in her Amane voodoo doll or anything.
Michiru: I don't have any friggin' voodoo dolls!!
Michiru: ...Oh crap!
Narration: *From nowhere in particular, there's an outraged burst of protest, followed immediately by the sound of someone scampering up the stairs.*
Narration: *Probably safe to assume a certain nosy airhead was observing our little roleplaying session from a fixed point in the shadows.*
Makina: Mmkay, the ex-wife gave th' go-ahead, so now it's our turn ta enjoy some Onii-chan time!
Sachi: Okay, but... what exactly were you hoping to do with Yuu-kun?
Makina: Hmm... Well, since Sacchin's joinin' in too, let's have a group study session!
Amane: ......
Makina: ...Okay, ya don't gotta look at me like I said Chiruchiru aced a test. Even a thick-skinned little lady like myself has feelin's, ya know?
Amane: C'mon, you're always going on about how much you hate studying, and now this all of a sudden...? Of course I'd be surprised...
Makina: ...Ama-nee, I've just had a long overdue revy-lation.
Amane: A revelation?
Makina: Yep... Get too caught up whinin' and fussin' about the little things, and you'll end up like a certain someone... lettin' your whole life slip ya by...!  
Principal: ...Hachoo!
Principal: W-Who dares!? Who dares spread slander about my age!?
Amane: Hmm, I kinda know who you're talking about, but... am I the only one who finds this sudden change of heart a little fishy?
Yuuji: ...Well, whatever the reason may be, trying to improve your weaknesses is an admirable thing. I'll gladly help out.
Makina: Allrighty, Onii-chan obtained!
Amane: Okay, if you're really gonna study, where should we do it? My room?
Makina: In th' classroom at school, of course!
Amane: ...Why the classroom?
Makina: 'Cause yer room stimulates my para-simp-a-thetic nervous system somethin' fierce! I'd be face-down and droolin' on the books in no time!
Amane: Wow... It's almost like she's seriously planning to do this.
Sachi: Maki-chan suggested this all on her own, after all. I think it would be wise to begin before she changes her mind.
Yuuji: Sounds about right...
Narration: *Although our study session began with this relatively auspicious show of determination, it was less than an hour before the group's attention began to wander...*
Narration: *In the end, I was forced to endure an hour-long session of "strip old maid" on a whim of Makina's.*
Amane: Aah, man... In the end, Yuuji didn't lose even once...
Narration: *As we make our way back to the dorm, Amane grumbles a few resentful words, arms folded behind her head.*
Yuuji: Any card game comes down to how well you can read your opponents. When you've got the hang of that, the odds of finishing at the very bottom get pretty low.
Makina: But... when ya rattle off a string of wins like that, it's only natural ta suspect a little funny business!
Yuuji: ...Incidentally, Amane, you tend to leave the card you want to get rid of right in the middle of your hand. And Makina, your expression always makes it crystal clear when you get the old maid.
Amane: Aargh... was I seriously doing that...?
Yuuji: At my old school, cards were the most convenient form of entertainment by far. Couldn't help but pick up an eye for tells.
Narration: *Even after I started at Ichigaya, many of the regular "employees" I worked with on the job were major poker lovers...*
Narration: *Including a few who'd throw their car keys into the pot with perfectly composed faces.*
Sachi: Thanks to that, I ended up losing quite a lot of clothing...
Makina: I know, right! Shame on you, Onii-chan! Ain'tcha stricken with guilt at makin' yer girlfriend strip down to her skivvies?
Yuuji: Personally, I think Sachi's losing streak had more to do with the way you people kept asking her "which one's the old maid?" at the end of the round...
Makina: Uugh...
Narration: *Of course, Sachi would answer with perfect honesty every time, so she invariably ended up stuck with the joker in the end.*
Amane: I knooow, but... I didn't wanna strip in front of you, Yuuji...
Narration: *...She prances around completely naked and shoves her breasts against me at every opportunity, but she's self-conscious about this? Sometimes women are just incomprehensible.*
Sachi: In any case, I apologize for the unsightly spectacle...
Yuuji: No problems on that count. Might have mentioned this before, but my principle is not to refuse what's offered to me.
Amane: Is it, now? You're awfully cold to me, considering...
Yuuji: I think it's only natural to get suspicious over that kind of gratuitous service. But as a general rule, men tend to enjoy watching their girlfriend strip down to her underwear, and I'm no exception.
Sachi: T-Thank you very much...
Amane: ......
Amane: Okay, fair enough. In that case, I think it's about time us third wheels got going.
Narration: *Before anyone can respond to Amane's sudden declaration, she grabs Makina's hand and pulls a step ahead of us.*
Makina: What's up? Ya need me fer somethin'?
Amane: Not really... Just thought I could make you a new snack I learned the other day.
Makina: Nhoh? Ama-nee's bein' all nice to me outta nowhere... Wait, is it payday!?
Amane: No. Students generally don't receive a salary in the first place.
Makina: And it ain't like I'm workin' some part-time job like Onii-chan, neither!
Amane: ...So why'd you ask the question in the first place?
Makina: Just goin' with the flow!
Amane: ......
Amane: Okay, that's that. Thanks for putting up with us, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Fine by me... I was sort of expecting you to drag me around all day, to be honest.
Amane: Since your schedule's empty now, why don't you go take Sacchan on a date?
Yuuji: ...A date?
Amane: Yep. You're a couple now and all, so that's par for the course, right?
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Amane seems well-versed in romantic maneuvering, so if she says so, maybe this is the right timing.*
Yuuji: All right, Sachi. How about we go on a date?
Sachi: Yes, certainly.
Makina: Never hesitates, does she...
Amane: Sacchan's a girl herself, you know? Of course she's happy to go out with the guy she likes.
Sachi: I-I was only... consenting to Yuu-kun's request...
Amane: Hmmm... that so...
Narration: *Watching Sachi squirm, Amane smirks suggestively to no one in particular.*
Narration: *From that expression, I'm willing to bet she's plotting something... Better keep a careful eye on that one.*
Amane: ...Okay then, Yuuji. It's up to you now.
Yuuji: Right.
Makina: Sacchin, hit him with yer best shot, ya got that?
Sachi: Y-Yes. I don't entirely understand, but... thank you, Maki-chan.
Amane: Okay then, be sure to give us the whole story when you get back～♪
Narration: *And with those words, Amane hurries off with Makina in tow.*
Yuuji: And there they go...
Sachi: Indeed they do.
Yuuji: Well, guess we may as well go on this date, then.
Sachi: Ah, yes. By all means.
Narration: *Sachi nods obediently, a bright smile on her face.*
Narration: *All perfectly typical Sachi, but today that very normality troubles me slightly. It makes me wonder if there's really any feeling behind the pleased tone of her voice. If that smile's completely hollow.*
Yuuji: ...For the time being, let's change out of our uniforms and meet up in the dorm lobby.
Sachi: Certainly.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *"That's not true."*
Narration: *I watch Sachi make her way back to the dorm, trying my best to reassure myself.*
Sachi: I do apologize for keeping you waiting...
Yuuji: No, that's... ah. Maid uniform after all, huh?
Sachi: Even among my many stylish maid uniforms, this is a particularly fashionable model I obtained only recently for outings... As you can see, the red ribbon at the breast is particularly vivid, and―
Yuuji: ...Okay. I get it.
Narration: *Actually, I can't see any difference whatsoever, but I suppose I'll have to take the maid expert's word on this one.*
Yuuji: Right then, as for the plan... We decided this pretty suddenly, so I have absolutely nothing.
Sachi: Yes, I rather thought that might be the case...
Yuuji: So for today, I thought we could do whatever you feel like, Sachi.
Sachi: Anything I want to do...?
Yuuji: That's right. Even if it's cleaning the dorm or bayonet drills, I'm up for it. Whatever you feel like is fine.
Sachi: Let's see, then...
Narration: *Sachi places a hand on her cheek, shuts her eyes, and begins to think the matter over.*
Sachi: ......
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ...If nothing's coming to mind, you can say so.
Sachi: I do apologize... I'm really not much good at putting forward my own suggestions, it seems...
Yuuji: Come to think of it, you told me the same thing back when I transferred in.
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *When she was a kid, Sachi used to constantly invent new games and drag me into them...*
Narration: *It's probably safe to say this is another area of her personality strongly influenced by the trauma that accident inflicted on her.*
Sachi: Therefore, how about I spend the day accompanying you on some of your typical activities, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: My "typical activities" basically come down to training and reading... Might be a bit of a stretch to call that a date, don't you think?
Sachi: That's perfectly all right. The specific details are irrelevant. As long as you and I consider it a date, Yuu-kun, that's exactly what it is.
Yuuji: Hmm, I see...
Narration: *Thanks to JB and Chizuru's incessant grumbling, I had a pretty fixed image of a "date" as something like dinner at an expensive restaurant with a skyline view...*
Narration: *But Sachi's absolutely right. The important thing is what the experience means to the people involved, not whether it meets some arbitrary societal standard.*
Yuuji: ...All right. In that case, why don't you tag along on my training today?
Sachi: Certainly. Thank you very much.
Yuuji: Keep in mind, my training's no joke. This may be a date, but be sure to approach it with the utmost caution!
Sachi: Sir, yes sir!
Yuuji: ...Are you ready, Ranger Komine!?
Sachi: Yes, sir! I've changed into my specialized exercise maid uniform, sir!
Narration: *Ten minutes later, as Sachi holds her "rifle" (read: broom) in the classic shouldering position, I bellow my approval.*
Yuuji: All right, well done! Also, you will respond to any further orders with an immediate "Hooah!" That clear!?
Sachi: Hooah!
Yuuji: Not bad! You squeal a bit better than your average stuck pig. We'll be starting off with a nice easy round of squat-jumps! You know the drill?
Sachi: I've seen a video on the Internet before, sir!
Yuuji: Hoh... They say you're always prepared, Komine, and it seems like they're right. If you can't cut it as a ranger, you have a bright future selling cookies with the girl scouts!
Yuuji: In deference to your shrewdness, I'll permit you to substitute the regulation 3.5 kilogram rifle for that broom of yours.
Sachi: Yes, sir! Thank you, Sergeant!
Yuuji: All right then, your target for this drill is thirty repetitions! I hear you've been clambering down schoolhouse walls with those legs. Let's see what they can do!
Sachi: Hooah!
Sachi: One! Two! Three! Four!
Narration: *After offering her energetic assent, Sachi shoulders the broom behind her neck, jumps into the air from a low squat, and alternates her leading foot on the way back down.*
Narration: *The movements vaguely resemble the well-known "cossack dance," but the need to leap all the way up every time places a severe strain on your lower body.*
Sachi: Fifteen! S-Sixteen! S-Sevent...
Narration: *As if to demonstrate, Sachi's movements quickly grow sluggish after her fifteenth repetition.*
Yuuji: What's the matter, Ranger Komine!? Even a bottle-blond twin-tailed pseudo-tsundere could struggle through that much! Is that maid uniform just for show!? Get moving!
Sachi: H-Hooah!!
Sachi: Seventeen! Eighteen! Nineteen!!
Amane: Uhm... excuse me.
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *I turn around in response to a tap on my shoulder, only to find Amane standing behind me with an ominous glower on her face.*
Yuuji: Oh, if it isn't Amane. Weren't you making Makina a snack or something?
Amane: Uh, that's already done, so I came to see how things were going... Is this supposed to be the date?
Yuuji: That's right. Sachi asked if she could participate in some of my typical activities.
Amane: ...And so you decided to put her through bootcamp-style military training?
Yuuji: Yeah. Incidentally, the constant shouting helps develop your abdominal muscles.
Yuuji: Makes a surprisingly big difference in the results of any exercise routine, in my experience. Give it a try if you ever get anxious about your waist.
Amane: Yeah, sure, thanks... No, hold on, that's not what I'm worried about here! What kind of date is this supposed to be!?
Yuuji: Don't follow. Please elaborate.
Amane: I mean, c'mon... Yes, being with the person you like makes anything better, but how many girls out there are going to enjoy playing soldiers on a "date?"
Yuuji: ...Probably not that many, now that you mention it.
Amane: Right, so why didn't you do something a little more normal? Go shopping, see a movie, anything's better than this.
Yuuji: I get your point, but Sachi did make the request...
Amane: Even so, I really think you could've been a little more considerate... 
Yuuji: In other words... in between drills, bend down and whisper loving words in her ear? Something like that? 
Amane: Uhhhh, no. Look, you spend plenty of time reading as well, don't you? You could just take her to the library or something.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *True enough, that sounds a bit more like a "date" date.*
Amane: Incidentally, just out of curiosity... What were you planning to do after this?
Yuuji: Well, a round trip over a one-rope bridge, followed by a rope climbing session... Probably would have finished things off with a ten-mile rifle run.
Amane: ......
Narration: *Amane had kept her cool until now, but my latest response is followed by some violent trembling on her part.*
Yuuji: Something wrong? Need a bathroom break? Don't let me keep you.
Amane: !?
Amane: That does it, Yuuji! Come with me for a second!!
Narration: *Suddenly exploding with anger, Amane grabs my hand and starts yanking me fiercely along.*
Yuuji: Hold on, what are you trying to...
Amane: Stow it! Shut up and follow me!
Yuuji: Yeah, I get the message, but we can't just leave Sachi training.
Amane: ......
Amane: Sorry, Sacchan! I'm gonna borrow Yuuji for a second, so put a hold on the training, okay?
Sachi: H-Hooah!
Amane: Also, you can cut it out with the hooahing now!
Sachi: Y-Yes... certainly...
Makina: Ahm... mmn... lookit that, Ama-nee's finally snapped...
Sachi: Maki-chan... what are you eating?
Makina: Some breast milk donuts Ama-nee made! There's plenty ta go around, so help yerself, Sacchin!
Sachi: Thank you... Uh, these are soy milk donuts, I believe.
Makina: Anyhoo, ya look pretty chill about all this... Yer boyfriend got abducted, ya know? That all right with you?
Sachi: Well, Amane-san seemed to have some business with him... There's no use making a fuss about it.
Makina: Yeah, but what if that "business" involves gobblin' up Onii-chan?
Sachi: Hmm, I see... Perhaps she's after that tender thigh meat?
Makina: ...Huh? 
Sachi: No? Then what part of Yuu-kun do you think would be tastiest, Maki-chan?
Makina: ......
Makina: Yer really somethin' else, Sacchin...
Amane: ......
Narration: *After a rough march to the rooftop, I'm forced to sit on my heels under Amane's withering gaze of scorn.*
Amane: Just to be perfectly clear, the purpose of this little exercise is to inspire some contrition on your part.
Yuuji: I did understand that much, yes... You're basically saying that squat-jumping is an inappropriate choice for a first date, right?
Amane: Less "squat-jumping" in particular, more the entire drill sergeant routine! I understand that you're a little eccentric, Yuuji, but that's way over the line...
Yuuji: Maybe you're right... but Sachi seemed to be enjoying it in a way, didn't she?
Amane: That's because Sacchan is a heartbreakingly good girl! She'll eat eggs on rice with a big smile on her face, but that doesn't mean she really enjoys it the same as a steak.
Yuuji: ...I see. Nice analogy, I get it now.
Amane: I mean, seriously... it's not like you couldn't have taken her somewhere better, right? You're not totally clueless about what girls enjoy.
Yuuji: Well, I was considering inviting her to a meal at first, I guess...
Amane: See? I knew it...
Amane: So now I understand that bizarre excuse for a date even less... What the heck were you thinking?
Narration: *Amane glowers down at me, her eyes narrowed in an expression of transparent vexation.*
Narration: *Among other things, this whole date idea was her suggestion. She seems truly and earnestly upset that it didn't go well.*
Yuuji: ...You have a point. I might have been taking advantage of Sachi's "tolerant" nature on this one.
Narration: *And for someone who understands how Sachi's mind works and why, that's fundamentally wrong. Even when it comes to something as small as this.*
Amane: ......
Amane: I'm going to talk about something genuinely serious now... Yuuji, you found out the reason Sacchan's in this school, didn't you?
Narration: *As she delivers the question in a slightly lowered tone of voice, Amane's eyes bore searchingly into mine.*
Yuuji: ...What makes you say that?
Amane: Don't try to play dumb. Maybe you and Sacchan were childhood friends or whatever, but there's absolutely no way you'd randomly ask her to go out with you because of that. You had a reason.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Amane declares this without so much as a moment's hesitation. There's a flat, matter-of-fact certainty in her voice.*
Narration: *In other words, this woman is absolutely confident that she understands me.*
Yuuji: ...Guess there's no point in pretending, then.
Amane: So I was right...?
Yuuji: Yeah... I know about the incident that brought Sachi to this school, and I know about the trauma at the root of it all.
Yuuji: On the basis of that knowledge, I thought long and hard about what I could do for Sachi as she is today. And ultimately, I decided becoming a couple would be an essential step in that process.
Amane: I get what you're saying, but... was that really absolutely necessary?
Yuuji: Getting halfway involved isn't going to cut it. The law Sachi's imposed on herself is too brittle and too dangerous for that...
Yuuji: You all saw for yourselves what can happen when those shackles bind her too tightly, didn't you?
Amane: ......
Narration: *Amane gently closes her eyes and holds her silence for a long moment.*
Amane: Okay then, I want to ask you just one last thing...
Amane: Did you decide to help Sacchan because you fell in love with her?
Narration: *And when her eyes open again, they communicate a serious warning: "Don't even think about trying to dodge the question."*
Yuuji: To be completely honest, I don't really know whether I "love" Sachi or not...
Yuuji: But I do know that was I drawn to her, or something she has that I don't... and I was completely serious about choosing her.
Amane: ......
Narration: *I shut my eyes and honestly put my feelings into the clearest words I can. After a moment, I hear Amane sigh softly.*
Amane: ...Okay. Thanks for being honest.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Amane's always approached me with straight-forward affection and kindness. In retrospect, I probably should have done her the courtesy of making this equally clear from the start.*
Yuuji: All right, mind if I ask you a question of my own?
Amane: Not really... What about?
Yuuji: What is Sachi to you, Amane?
Amane: Is that all? Easy enough. She's my friend, and I care about her very much.
Narration: *Once more, her response comes without a moment's hesitation.*
Yuuji: ...A friend, huh?
Amane: I mean, Sacchan's a really sweet girl, she's a huge help, she's fun to be around... The list goes on and on.
Amane: So, to be honest... I think you're gonna get the same answer from anyone you ask.
Narration: *As she says those words, there's an almost proud smile on Amane's face.*
Narration: *Anyone who saw that expression would instantly know those words aren't merely polite flattery.*
Yuuji: ...Good to hear. I'm all the more convinced now.
Narration: *Mumbling more to myself than Amane, I finally ease off my heels, flopping down crosslegged onto the warm concrete.*
Amane: Hmm? Convinced of what?
Yuuji: Well, to put it simply... right now, I think Sachi needs people like you more than anything else in the world.
Amane: Huh? What? Sorry... I don't really follow...
Yuuji: ...Well, that's all right. It's more convenient for me that way.
Amane: What the heck...? That's not going to cut it, okay!?
Yuuji: All right then... It's nothing complicated. Since you called Sachi your friend, Amane, I want to ask you for a little favor on her behalf.
Amane: A favor?
Yuuji: That's right. If you really care about Sachi, I want you to keep treating her exactly as you have until now.
Amane: Exactly as I have...? What, something as ordinary as that?
Yuuji: I don't think anyone in this place, myself included, has had nearly enough of that sort of "ordinary" in their lives.
Amane: Ah...
Yuuji: I'm not trying to say it's as simple as that... but what Sachi needs right now is to realize what she has.
Amane: ......
Narration: *My answer's purposefully a bit on the opaque side. Not exactly the concrete explanation of my plans Amane was clearly looking for.*
Narration: *But without a single complaint, she quietly searches for the meaning of those words on her own.*
Amane: ...Okay. If you're saying I can help her that way, I'll do as you say.
Amane: But I'm not doing it because you asked me... I'm doing it because it's the natural thing to do as Sacchan's friend.
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Thank you, Amane.
Amane: ......
Amane: So Yuuji... can say a proper thank you after all...
Yuuji: Hm? You say something?
Amane: Nah. It's nothing.
Yuuji: All right...
Amane: By the way, you may not have realized this yourself, but when you're with Sacchan, you've started smiling more often than you used to.
Yuuji: ...What?
Amane: You can take my word for it. I've been watching you real carefully for a while now, after all.
Narration: *Putting a hand on her hip as she speaks, Amane flashes me a smile that's just a little too spirited to be fully convincing.*
Yuuji: Amane...
Amane: All right, let's call an end to this little sermon...
Amane: But one last thing. Since you asked me for a favor, I've got one to ask in return.
Yuuji: ...And what would that be?
Amane: Since you shot me down and picked Sacchan instead... you'd darn well better make her happy!
Narration: *With a little wink, Amane promptly turns on her heel and leaves the rooftop.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Look at me, getting the full kid-gloves treatment from a woman... Amane's got a lot more delicacy than you'd guess...
Narration: *And while I don't want to suggest her gender gives her some universal insight into the female mind, she's taught me a lot of things in her role as unofficial ambassador of young women.*
Yuuji: I smile more often when I'm with Sachi, huh...?
Narration: *I hadn't even been aware, but maybe the reason I chose Sachi had something to do with that as well...*
Narration: *Either way, I've already found myself indebted to my classmate's insight and kindness. For once, it seems Chizuru's advice might have been genuinely worth listening to.*

Narration: *August 3rd, 2011, 08:17- Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Sachi: .........
Narration: *On a summer morning already hot enough to inspire full-throated chirping from the cicadas, Sachi silently devotes herself to her self-imposed duties, dressed as always in her long-sleeved maid uniform.*
Michiru: Nyuhu... Nyuhuhu...
Yuuji: ...And I, watching over her from afar, busy myself braiding the hair of a deranged cave-gremlin.
Michiru: Who're you calling a gremlin!?
Yuuji: Object all you want, but I've been hearing some distinctly goblinesque grunting from your direction for a while now.
Michiru: W-Well... your hands feel kinda nnnnauseating, so I couldn't help making a few weird sounds!
Yuuji: Hrm... so you're emitting bizarre noises at random intervals without conscious intent... Ever been tested for Tourette's Syndrome?
Michiru: No, no, that's not the issue here. It's all good. Yep.
Yuuji: Well, if you say so...
Michiru: Anyway... I know you're trying to make your girlfriend's life easier or whatever, but are you sure about spending all this time waiting on other girls?
Yuuji: No worries on that front. We've got a date scheduled after this.
Michiru: Aah... that so? How nice for you. Ugh, the temperature totally just went up a few degrees...
Narration: *Michiru fans herself vigorously with one hand, her face contorted into an expression I haven't seen since the time she mistook lukewarm leftover soup for barley tea and guzzled it all down.*
Narration: *Sachi and I arranged the date in question yesterday, shortly after my little pep talk from Amane...*
Narration: *Returning to the athletic grounds, I found Sachi still maintaining a quite respectable "standby" pose, nibbling from a box of soy milk donuts with Makina at her side.*
Narration: *I apologized for my lack of consideration, fully expecting Sachi's standard "I don't mind in the least" in reply―*
Narration: *But in a somewhat unusual turn of events, she instead asked "In that case, what shall we do for the rest of the date?"*
Narration: *And so, after a brief discussion, we decided to wipe the slate clean of our half-assed "first date" and give it a fresh start the next day.*
Yuuji: ...All right, we're done.
Narration: *I give Michiru a light thump on the shoulder to signal the completion of her twintail-tying request.*
Michiru: Aah, yeah, thanks.
Narration: *Standing from the bench she'd been lounging on, Michiru reaches up and examines my work with her own hands.*
Michiru: Hmheheh... Not too shabby, Yuuji. The thickness of the tufts is just right, the balance between left and right is solid... Your work's not inferior to Sachi's in any way.
Yuuji: Well, I have seen her do this once or twice, so I had an example to work off.
Michiru: And you copied it perfectly just from that? Are you some kind of superhuman...?
Sachi: The sun... is setting in the sky... so find your way back home to me...♪ And when... you rub your tired eyes... we'll kiss and say goodnight...♪
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *As we're chatting, I notice Sachi's actually singing a relatively normal song as she works. Something of a first...*
Michiru: If Sachi's singing this one, she must be in a good mood today.
Yuuji: Really?
Michiru: Yep. Normally, she just sings some of those weird ones Makina told her to use... You only get this one when she's feeling really chipper.
Yuuji: That a fact...
Narration: *They might be relatively loose orders, but Makina did ask Sachi to warble her ludicrous tunes...*
Narration: *In other words, Sachi must be attached to this song to the point where it can occasionally override her standard system of prioritization.*
Yuuji: She have some special affection for that song?
Michiru: Dunno, your guess is as good as mine. If you're curious, why don't you try asking her instead of me?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Can't honestly say I'm not curious, but I suppose the important thing is knowing what it means about her mood. Prying into the exact details could be counter-productive.*
Michiru: Anyway, you've fulfilled my request, so feel free to go flirt with Sachi or whatever.
Yuuji: Appreciate it. To demonstrate my gratitude, I'll let you watch.
Michiru: Wha―
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi! Have a second?
Sachi: You called, master?
Michiru: ......
Narration: *Sachi trots right over when I call out her name, offering a greeting that inspires a truly spectacular grimace from Michiru.*
Yuuji: You're looking a little pale in the face there, Michiru my friend. Just now realized that you forgot to eat breakfast?
Michiru: I ate a perfectly respectable breakfast, thanks! Sachi made me some honey toast!! No, forget that... Are you seriously making her call you "master" now?
Yuuji: No, I don't recall forcing her to do that. Or giving any indication I wanted her to.
Michiru: So then...
Sachi: Yes. It was my own attempt to be thoughtful.
Michiru: I-I see... What can I say...? I guess you kinda have it rough yourself, Yuuji...
Yuuji: I'll be fine. You hang in there yourself, all right? It's always darkest before the dawn.
Michiru: Yeah, thanks... Hey! I'm supposed to be the one doing the comforting here!!
Sachi: ......
Narration: *As Michiru writhes in frustrated confusion, Sachi smiles brightly and conspicuously leans her head in my direction.*
Narration: *The gesture's a pretty blatant request for another of those petting sessions, but...*
Yuuji: Unfortunately, while your intentions were good, that wasn't quite worthy of a pat on the head.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Narration: *In typical fashion, Sachi offers no complaint or objection despite this obviously disappointing result...*
Narration: *But judging from the way she proactively presented herself for attention, Michiru's assessment of her mood seems to be relatively accurate.*
Yuuji: So, how far have you gotten with the courtyard?
Sachi: Uhm... I've finished cleaning today's designated area. I was just about to start making some progress into tomorrow's work.
Yuuji: In that case, I'd like to get going before this heat gets any worse...
Narration: *But before I can finish the thought, there's the distinctive sound of a certain engine drawing near... a sound that can only means one thing.*
Michiru: Huh? That engine...
Yuuji: ...Guess she's here.
Sachi: Yes, so it would seem.
JB: Long time no seee, Yuujiiii～
Narration: *After saying goodbye to Michiru, who apparently finds encountering genuine blonds somewhat depressing, Sachi and I make our way to the front gate. JB's leaning against her flashy sports car, waving in our direction.*
Yuuji: ...Look, didn't I tell you to give me advance warning of your visits?
JB: I happened to be in the neighborhood on business today, so I just stopped by to say hello, that's all.
Yuuji: Looks like you're done. Bye.
JB: Geez... As always, you don't know how to treat a lady. He's not treating you this coldly, is he, Sachi?
Sachi: Not at all. In fact, things between Yuu-kun and I were rather hot and sweaty yesterday!
JB: ...Huh? It hasn't even been a week since I heard you two were going out... Y-You're moving that fast?
Yuuji: Just to make things perfectly clear, Sachi's referring to training. Physical exercise. That sort of hot and sweaty.
JB: O-Ooh! That makes sense... You got me a teensy bit surprised there, dear...
Yuuji: ...That's my girlfriend for you. Just full of surprises.
JB: Hmmm... I see.
Yuuji: But anyway... Since when were you two this friendly?
JB: Ah, yes. It was pretty tough to get this far, you know!
JB: I mean, the first time I met Sachi, she shouted "Begone!!" and started brandishing that broom like some kind of spear...
Sachi: At the time, I mistook Harudera-san for an intruder... I really am very sorry.
JB: Aaw, don't apologize. I mean, you're looking after Yuuji for me now!♪
Narration: *The smile on JB's face bears a striking resemblance to Amane's "up to no good" expression. When women smirk like this, my experience suggests that events are about to take a markedly irritating turn.*
JB: Well, let's hear it. How's the taste of sweet young love running through your veins? You are enjoying yourselves, yes?
Yuuji: Are you seriously asking me that...? What are you, some gossipy old lady from across the street?
JB: Oh come now... I'm your guardian, so it's only natural for me to check up on how things stand.
Yuuji: I already gave you what you absolutely needed to know, didn't I? I see no reason to volunteer more.
JB: ...Hmmmph. Fine, forget it! I'll just ask Sachi instead!
Narration: *With a great show of pouty sulkiness, JB pulls Sachi away from my side and wraps an arm around her shoulders.*
JB: Hey Sachi, just between you and little old me... Have you and Yuuji kissed yet?
Yuuji: Look, you...
Sachi: Uhm... when we were children, I did peck him on the cheek. Since we began dating, nothing as of yet.
JB: ...So what about, I don't know, holding hands? Anything like that?
Sachi: No... We haven't yet engaged in any romantic activities of the hand-holding, hugging, or play-biting variety, either.
JB: One of those things strikes me as slightly different from the others, but... if he hasn't even gone for your hand yet, it seems you're really being treasured, Sachi.
Sachi: Is that so...?
JB: You bet it is. Yuuji's normally a beast, you know? Give him an opening and he'll pounce like a snarling wolf!
Sachi: That's slightly... surprising, if true.
Yuuji: ...Stop feeding her lies, woman.
JB: Oh, but it's no lie, now is it?
Sachi: Is that true, Yuu-kun?
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi stares up at me with eyes clear and bright as glass beads.*
Yuuji: ...All I'm going to say is this: when JB starts talking like a transvestite magician, you really shouldn't take anything she says too seriously.
Sachi: Yes, certainly.
JB: ......
JB: Sachi, dear, how can I put this...? Sometimes you're so cooperative that it's a little unsettling on the receiving end...
Yuuji: Well, you could say that's one of her "good points."
JB: Ah, true enough...
Sachi: ...?
JB: Anyway... thanks to Sachi's honesty, I'm fully convinced you two are having a wholesome relationship.
Yuuji: So you're satisfied now, right? Better get back before the brass starts squawking.
JB: Geez... you never miss a chance to try and shoo me away, do you...
Yuuji: When you have an actual reason to visit, I don't think I treat you unkindly.
JB: ...In that case, it seems like a job may be coming your way the day after tomorrow. Keep your schedule open, okay?
Narration: *...If that was the point of this visit, she sure took her time getting around to mentioning it.*
Yuuji: All right. Send me the details when you can.
JB: But of course.
JB: Okay then, guess I shouldn't make too much of a nuisance of myself... I'll be heading back to the office now. You kids have fun!
Narration: *With an exaggerated wink, JB slips into the driver's seat of her prancing horse.*
JB: Ah, that's right. One last thing, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes, what can I do for you?
JB: Yuuji tosses and turns like crazy, so be careful when you're sleeping in the same bed!
Sachi: ...Yes, certainly.
JB: Teheheh. Okay then, you two, 'til next time～♪
Narration: *After teasing us one final time, JB rolls up her window and speeds off in a shrill burst of sound pollution.*
Yuuji: ...Okay, just to be clear, I don't toss or turn in my sleep.
Sachi: To be sure... From what I've seen, I rather thought you'd be capable of sleeping while standing at attention.
Yuuji: That's a bit over the top... but anyway, do you finally understand not to take that woman at her word?
Sachi: But she came to visit out of concern for you, Yuu-kun. Isn't she basically a trustworthy person?
Yuuji: ...Maybe. If she could resist the impulse to screw around like that.
Sachi: Ah, I see...
Yuuji: More importantly, about the date...
Sachi: You prepared a plan this time, yes?
Yuuji: Yeah, thought we'd go walk around some stores.
Sachi: Stores...?
Yuuji: Right. "Window shopping," as they call it.
Sachi: Are you in the market for new windowpanes, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: ...Pretty decent. Try that one on a veteran marine who's gotten thoroughly sick of constantly floating around in iron tubs and you'd probably get a drunken roar of laughter.
Sachi: Uhm... I wasn't trying to make a joke, actually...
Narration: *...Right. I keep forgetting she's a natural at this.*
Yuuji: Anyway, I did take my best stab at thinking up an appropriate first date here. Is the shopping plan all right by you?
Sachi: It certainly is. Shopping with Yuu-kun sounds like a very pleasant date. I'm looking forward to it already.
Yuuji: Good. In that case, let's make our preparations, then meet up here in ten.
Sachi: Yes. Certainly.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Not even glancing at the store windows to her left and right, Sachi shuffles silently forward, completely lost in her own little world.*
Narration: *We came straight to the shopping area around the station as planned, but Sachi's mood appears to have taken a dramatic turn of some sort in the course of the last fifteen minutes.*
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *As a little experiment, I try stopping quietly in my tracks. Completely oblivious, Sachi continues to walk briskly down the sidewalk.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Sachi!
Sachi: Wah...
Sachi: I do apologize. It seems my head was in the clouds...
Yuuji: Don't see that every day. Something on your mind?
Sachi: Uhm... I was thinking about you and Harudera-san.
Yuuji: Me and JB?
Sachi: Yes...
Yuuji: ...Not to repeat myself, but if there's something on your mind you can go ahead and say it.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Well... I'm afraid I don't understand myself what I want to ask you, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: ...The hell?
Narration: *Sachi's "explanation" is so amazingly unhelpful that I reflexively respond a little curtly.*
Yuuji: Sorry. Can you try to go into a little more detail?
Sachi: Uhm... since we left the school, for some reason I've been mentally picturing you and Harudera-san enjoying each other's company...  
Sachi: And when I think the matter over, it seems to make me feel as I did when Maki-chan shouted "Sacchin's a slutty maid!" in my face...  
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *Based on what I can infer from that explanation, it's simple jealousy.*
Narration: *And although that feeling's obviously the result of JB's malicious little pranks, Sachi probably isn't capable of recognizing either the cause or effect for what they are.*
Yuuji: All right. I've got some advice for you on this one, Sachi.
Sachi: ...Yes? And what would that be?
Yuuji: File those feelings away and make sure you don't forget them. But for the moment, try not to let them bother you too much.
Sachi: You do give some rather difficult advice at times, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: It's pretty simple, actually. Just empty your head for now.
Sachi: I understand that much, but why do you think it wiser to forget for the moment?
Yuuji: ...Because you'll be able to enjoy the date that way.
Sachi: I see... Not only a simple and clear argument, but also an extremely persuasive one...
Yuuji: Feeling any better?
Sachi: Yes, very much so. It's as though you've pulled the dagger from my throat, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Narration: *The girl can lay the hyperboles on a little thick at time, but it sounds like this really was a load on her mind...*
Narration: *In any case, it's encouraging to see Sachi starting to puzzle over things she doesn't understand.*
Sachi: Well then, why don't we begin by looking for something you want, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: Hmm... something I want...
Sachi: Yes. I'm not currently looking to purchase anything myself, so it would seem the logical course of action.
Yuuji: Hrm... the only thing that really comes to mind on the spur of the moment is books... but even there, I'm doing all right with Sakaki's leftovers for the time being.
Narration: *Everything necessary for my job at Ichigaya is provisioned to me from the company's stock of government-supplied goods...*
Narration: *I can't think of anything I urgently need to get my hands on at the moment.*
Yuuji: Well, if I really stretch things a bit... there's a new scope they're making overseas that I've been wanting to try out, I guess?
Sachi: That's a bit problematic... A voyage abroad would require a passport, and the application would almost certainly take some time...
Narration: *In other words, if the prep time wasn't an issue, this girl wouldn't hesitate to launch an international expedition as part of a casual shopping trip.*
Sachi: .........
Narration: *As I try to come up with something else I'm interested in buying, I casually glance over at Sachi, walking quietly at my side in full maid uniform.*
Narration: *No matter how accustomed she is to that thing, it's downright mind-boggling that she can wear a heavy, multi-layered outfit in this heat without shedding even a drop of sweat.*
Sachi: ...Uhm, Yuu-kun. Might I have just received a non-verbal signal? To the effect of, "The only thing I want right now is Komine Sachi's body! Hweheheh," perhaps?
Yuuji: ...No. No, you did not.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Yuuji: That is so.
Narration: *That said... she's not entirely off-base, since my idea does concern her body.*
Yuuji: All right. How about I buy you some clothes to compliment that body of yours?
Sachi: Clothes...? For me?
Yuuji: Yeah. I had this thought earlier, but wearing a long-sleeved maid uniform in the dog days of summer isn't really in the spirit of things.
Sachi: In that case, I have a specially designed "tropical" summer―
Yuuji: Right, sure. I'm willing to bet it's still got long sleeves.
Sachi: Yes. When in the theatre of operations for extended periods of time, reducing exposed surface skin is an indispensable defense against the mosquitoes that transmit malarial protozoa, you see...
Yuuji: Hmm. They do say a good two-thirds of the troops battling over New Guinea ended up afflicted with malaria, but...
Narration: *At present, I'm fairly sure the anopheles minimus mosquitoes capable of spreading the disease can't be found anywhere in Japan other than a small region of Okinawa.*
Sachi: What's more, in subtropical regions―
Yuuji: Okay, whatever. For now, let's just take a look in that store over there. C'mon.
Sachi: Ah... yes!
Sachi: ...Uhm, are you sure about buying all this?
Narration: *As we leave the store, Sachi poses an anxious question, glancing down at the shopping bags dangling from both her hands.*
Narration: *All well and good that I decided to buy her clothes, but even my avaricious reading habits never extended to female-oriented fashion magazines. I was largely clueless on this one.*
Narration: *For lack of a better plan, I ended up indiscriminately buying everything recommended by a saleswoman who spoke something just barely qualifying as Japanese.*
Yuuji: According to JB, women can never have too many clothes.
Sachi: Michiru-sama frequently says the same thing... but since I didn't pay anything, getting all these makes me feel rather guilty...
Yuuji: No need to worry about that. Fortunately, I've got a part-time job, so buying a few presents for my girlfriend isn't anything out of the ordinary.
Sachi: Well, I suppose so, but...
Yuuji: Personally speaking, I consider buying you clothes money well spent...
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: If you're saying you don't want them, feel free to use them as rags when you're cleaning. I won't hold it against you.
Sachi: I would never do such a thing! Even if they were unusable, I'd wear them as a belly warmer rather than reducing them to rags!
Yuuji: ...Then I guess there's no problem.
Sachi: Ah...
Yuuji: In that case, why don't you wear those clothes every once in a while? To the degree that it doesn't interfere with the pre-existing request about your maid uniform.
Sachi: That's a decidedly tricky order...
Yuuji: ...No, it's pretty simple. Why don't you just wear them when you feel like wearing them?
Sachi: Wear them when I feel like wearing them...
Narration: *Repeating my words like a parrot, Sachi closes her eyes in thought.*
Narration: *In relation to my final objective, giving her these presents is something of a test. But it's also genuinely true that I want to see Sachi in normal clothes for once.*
Yuuji: All right, next I guess we can just wander around for a while...
Narration: *I take a step forward, but Sachi doesn't budge.*
Sachi: Uhm, Yuu-kun!
Yuuji: Hm?
Sachi: ...Thank you.
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Thank you, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *When Sachi speaks those plain words, a memory flashes before my eyes.*
Narration: *"Thank you."*
Narration: *Apart from my family, Sachi was the one and only person in my claustrophobic little world who said those words to me on a regular basis.*
Narration: *For Sachi, it might well have been nothing but a simple expression of gratitude for the praise I lavished on her...*
Narration: *But for me, every "thank you" offered me heart-warming relief from the feelings of inferiority and worthlessness that otherwise defined that period of my life.*
Narration: *Maybe it was just a childish misconception on my part, a groundless, self-centered delusion...*
Narration: *But it felt as though she was telling me "You're all right as you are." "It's all right for you to be here."*
Yuuji: ...Yeah.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *And watching Sachi answer my curt grunt of acknowledgement with a happy smile, I realize that whatever else has changed over the years, that feeling's still the same. That warmth still rises to the surface.*
Narration: *Even in that alone, I think Sachi's a special presence in my life.*
Yuuji: ...All right, Sachi. Let's get going.
Sachi: Yes.
Yuuji: ...Glad we managed to find something that caught your interest as well.
Sachi: Yes, this shark ribbon will suit Michiru-sama perfectly. I'm fully satisfied.
Narration: *We wandered aimlessly through a few other stores until we stumbed across the item in question. Her prize in hand, Sachi smiles triumphantly up at me as we leave the shop.*
Yuuji: So, what, is that thing made from sharkskin?
Sachi: No, I was referring to the design, not the raw materials. When you tie it in a bow, like so, the loops resemble the open jaws of a shark...
Sachi: Perhaps not an entirely innovative conceit, but the heart-shaped teeth - suggesting a tiger shark, rather than the conventional great white - provide a distinctive touch. You can feel the artisan's eye for detail...
Yuuji: That so...?
Narration: *If Michiru's really looking to compliment that sparkly pouch of hers with this sort of realistic nature design, she's got a fairly... "inconsistent" fashion sense.*
Yuuji: Well, now that we've both bought something, I guess it's about time we headed back to the dorm.
Sachi: Yes... I suppose so...
Narration: *But when I change the subject, Sachi's response is somewhat distracted.*
Narration: *She's turned her head slightly to one side; I follow her gaze to a bus stop bench, where a man's lying down with his head in his girlfriend's lap.*
Man: Hey, this is kinda embarrassing, you know?
Woman: Ahahah. That's the whole point!
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *There's a good bit of distance between us, so I can't hear their conversation that well...*
Narration: *But the atmosphere over there seems pretty nice. From all appearances, they're a couple in the height of the honeymoon phase.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *When I look back, Sachi's still boring holes into the pair with her eyes.*
Narration: *After JB's suggestive pestering this morning, she might well have developed some curiosity about this sort of physically romantic action.*
Yuuji: Something on your mind?
Sachi: Ah, no... I was just looking over at the bus stop for a moment.
Yuuji: If you say so...
Narration: *Judging from that oddly vague answer, it seems she doesn't want me to know she was looking at the couple in particular.*
Yuuji: ...Okay, let's head back.
Sachi: Yes, of course.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: ......
Narration: *By the time we reach the campus, Sachi's got her head completely in the clouds again.*
Narration: *This would be the second time in the last few hours. Considering she's normally alert enough to come running when someone calls her name, this is definitely an unusual state of affairs.*
Sachi: Lap pillow... Hug pillow? Ice pillow...
Yuuji: ...Ah, so that's it.
Narration: *Although it's actually a little worrisome that she's this transparent, this time she's clearly just gotten herself caught up on the "lap pillow" concept.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Sachi.
Sachi: Ah, yes... What can I do for you?
Yuuji: Want me to guess what you're thinking about right now?
Sachi: ...Is this an invitation to some sort of game, perhaps?
Yuuji: No, nothing like that. I'm just pretty sure I know what's on your mind at the moment. Want to see if I'm on the money.
Sachi: That would be an amazing feat indeed. By all means, feel free to guess.
Yuuji: All right, I'll get straight to the answer... Sachi, you're currently thinking about trying out the classic "lap pillow" maneuver, yes?
Sachi: Mnyo!?
Narration: *Judging from that goofy little yelp, she genuinely wasn't expecting this answer.*
Yuuji: Can I take that to mean I'm correct?
Sachi: Yes... Precisely correct, with no hints whatsoever... My heart won't stop pounding...
Yuuji: No hints, huh...?
Sachi: I've wondered whether you might be a psychic before, Yuu-kun, but this is particularly astonishing...
Narration: *Actually, in this case I'm pretty sure anyone with a functioning set of ears could have produced the same "supernatural insight."*
Sachi: In other words... before Yuu-kun's penetrating gaze, I'm always naked as a jaybird...
Yuuji: Considering how sordid you make this sound, you seem remarkably calm.
Sachi: A mere facade, I assure you. My heart is lub-dubbing as it has never lub-dubbed before.
Yuuji: ...Okay then, why don't we step that lub-dubbing up a notch?
Sachi: ...Lub-dub-dub-dub, in other words?
Yuuji: Can't say exactly how many extra "dubs" we'll get... but since you're interested, I'm officially proposing we give this "lap pillow" thing a try.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: Conveniently enough, there's a setting ideal for the purpose close at hand.
Narration: *I point to one of the benches that dot the courtyard, sitting in the shade of a tall tree.*
Sachi: There is a bench, to be certain, but...
Yuuji: All these bags ended up being slightly heavier than expected, so it'd be nice to rest my arms a little as well.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Of course, my arms aren't even slightly sore, and the dorm's right in front of us. But no need to mention that.*
Sachi: Y-Yes, I see... It's not good to place unnecessary strain on one's body... If you'd like to rest, then I suppose we could...
Yuuji: All right, sounds like the matter's decided.
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *I pull Sachi over to the bench, then settle down in the classic lap pillow pose as previously demonstrated by the couple in town.*
Sachi: Uhm... we're really doing this as well...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Ignorant as I may be about these matters, I do know the basic theory behind the lap pillow. Leave the rest to me...
Yuuji: ...All right. Success.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Sachi's face stares up from my lap, frozen with all the meek anxiety of a terrified kitten.*
Yuuji: Well? What are your impressions, now that you're experiencing the real deal?
Sachi: Uhm... your legs are neither too hard nor too soft... It makes for a pillow of exquisite consistency...
Sachi: But in general, isn't the man supposed to be the one resting his head in the woman's lap...?
Yuuji: ...Now that you mention it, the man was the one lying down at the bus stop, wasn't he?
Sachi: Yes, so... I suppose I'd have to say this is a somewhat unusual variation on the traditional "lap pillow" experience...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I didn't even consider which of us should be the pillow and which the pillowed.*
Yuuji: Well, if you want to take the opposite role, we can switch.
Sachi: Let's see...
Sachi: I do appreciate the offer, but I think I'll pass for now.
Yuuji: You sure about that?
Sachi: Now that I think about it, this might be my one and only chance to experience this unique position.
Yuuji: ...I see. Yeah, I guess you could look at it that way.
Sachi: Indeed...
Narration: *The moment Sachi offers that brief response, a gentle gust of wind rolls through the shaded courtyard.*
Narration: *A lingering breeze, not so strong as to be irritating, but enough to bring a pleasant cool.*
Sachi: The wind feels nice, doesn't it...
Yuuji: That it does.
Sachi: The cicadas have begun to cry in earnest.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Sachi: Yuu-kun's face is right before my eyes.
Yuuji: If it was behind your eyes, we'd have a problem.
Sachi: ...I suppose so.
Narration: *She puts her feelings into words as they come to her; I offer brief, meaningless responses.*
Narration: *At some point in this trivial little exchange, a smile spreads across Sachi's face, and I begin to feel the sort of simple tranquility that comes with cradling a purring cat on your lap.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Sachi. You enjoy the date today?
Sachi: Yes. I enjoyed myself a great deal.
Yuuji: No hesitation.
Sachi: Why would there be? It really was very fun.
Yuuji: Even though we just wandered around by the station?
Sachi: Yes. Not only did I visit many shops with Yuu-kun, you even bought me all that cute clothing.
Yuuji: Well, I'm glad you had fun, but... you really are easy to please, aren't you?
Sachi: ...Actually, that might well be a misconception on your part.
Yuuji: Oh? Elaborate.
Sachi: I mean, just take a look at us... At the moment, I'm having my boyfriend act as a human pillow.
Yuuji: ...So you are.
Narration: *True enough, if someone saw this little scene out of context, they'd probably get the impression that Sachi's wearing the pants in this relationship.*
Yuuji: Well, since you've had that rare opportunity handed to you, how about you relax and savor it for a while?
Sachi: ...Yes. Thank you very much.
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi lets the tension drain out of her body, and I feel a little more weight settle in my lap.*
Narration: *It feels almost like the physical manifestation of her absolute trust. I've shouldered many "burdens" on the job, but none were quite this relaxing to bear.*
Yuuji: If you feel like it, you can go ahead and take a nap.
Sachi: That's a very attractive proposal, but... I'm lub-dubbing so vigorously I doubt I'll be able to fall asleep...
Yuuji: In that case, just close your eyes and take it easy. Apparently that alone's about 80% as effective as actual sleep.
Sachi: Amazing, Yuu-kun... You really do know so many things...
Yuuji: Look, I'm sure I've told you this before... The people who really deserve praise are the scientists who ran the studies, not the guy who read about them in some book.
Sachi: Even so, remembering the contents of those books so very well is an accomplishment in its own right.
Yuuji: ...You really aren't going to budge on this, are you?
Sachi: That's correct. I'm not going to budge.
Narration: *And she seems to be very pleased about it, for some reason...*
Narration: *This habit of overestimating me to the point of veneration is one part of Sachi that doesn't seem to be changing.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Walking down the streets chatting with your romantic interest; going shopping together; brushing against their warmth...*
Narration: *And ultimately, offering them your lap as a pillow (putting aside for the moment whether it's supposed to be the other way around).*
Narration: *I remember seeing this sort of innocent flirting between couples in manga and television shows as a kid...*
Narration: *But I hadn't imagined the day might come when I'd actually be experiencing something of the sort.*
Narration: *―And in fact, I almost certainly never would have if it wasn't for Sachi.*
Narration: *I was able to experience this tranquil feeling because of her. Because I met her as a kid, because we were reunited here, because she agreed to date me, this unlikely moment came to pass.*
Yuuji: ...Thanks, Sachi.
Sachi: Zzz... zzz...
Narration: *When the words spill naturally from my mouth, I'm answered by nothing but the sound of a carefree young woman sawing logs.*
Yuuji: Thought you weren't sleepy, punk... That didn't take long, considering...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *But then again, seeing Sachi like this... the way her lively excitement gave way to this abrupt nap...*
Narration: *It's a keen, almost painful reminder of the tomboyish, unpredictable girl she used to be.*
Yumiko: ...Is that you, Kazami-kun?
Narration: *When I raise my head in response to this tentative inquiry, I see Sakaki standing in the shade nearby, a paperback book in hand.*
Yuuji: ...Hey there, Sakaki. Back from sharing your complaints regarding our profane world to a local crow?
Yumiko: Could you kindly stop implying I'm some sort of witch!?
Yuuji: Sorry, just a little joke.
Yumiko: Hmph. I can see that you're in something of a good mood, but... that's Komine-san sleeping there, isn't it?
Yuuji: Yeah. Momentum from the shopping date ended up carrying us in a slightly weird direction. Decided to try out the lap pillow thing.
Yumiko: Yes, I did manage to figure out the general situation... but this is an extremely rare sight...
Narration: *As soon as the words are out of Sakaki's mouth, she's leaning quietly forward, peering down at us with an expression of evident curiosity.*
Yuuji: ...Guess the man being the pillow is pretty unusual after all, huh?
Yumiko: Ah, no... not that. I was just a little startled to see Komine-san asleep.
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
Yumiko: Very simple. Up until now, I don't believe I've ever come across Komine-san dozing.
Yuuji: Another unbroken streak of hers, is it?
Yumiko: Yes... That said, I'm obviously aware that she sleeps in her room every night...
Yumiko: But this would definitely be the first time I've ever seen her napping.
Yuuji: That a fact...?
Yumiko: Yes. Therefore, I was rather surprised just now.
Yuuji: Makes sense...
Narration: *Yet another sign of how strictly Sachi governs her own behavior.*
Sachi: Zzz... zzz...
Yumiko: I must say, she certainly seems to be having a pleasant nap...
Yuuji: Well, we did spend a good while wandering around the stores this afternoon. She was probably a little tired.
Yumiko: ...I really don't think that would be enough to get Komine-san to doze off.
Yuuji: Then what did?
Yumiko: At a guess, your lap must have made an extremely pleasant pillow.
Narration: *Sakaki smiles gently at her own joke. Fairly uncommon - both the smile and the fact that she made a joke in the first place.*
Yuuji: ...Oh, you interested? How about giving it a try yourself?
Yumiko: Wha-!?
Narration: *When I offer a little light teasing as payback, Sakaki's face instantly goes red.*
Yuuji: Of course, you'll have to get Sachi's permission first, but...
Yumiko: T-That's, uh...
Sachi: Absolutely not!!
Yumiko: Hya!?
Narration: *At the sudden angry shout from my lap, Sakaki scrambles a few feet backward, completely flustered.*
Yumiko: Is she... awake?
Yuuji: I wonder...
Sachi: Fnyu... Tunafish Man is only cool because he fights with his own guts... Laser beams would ruin everything...
Yuuji: ...No, she's pretty clearly not.
Yumiko: So... she was just talking in her sleep?
Yuuji: Yeah, seems that way.
Yumiko: I-I see...
Yumiko: There really is something about that girl that makes my blood run cold sometimes...
Yuuji: You're reading way too much into this.
Yumiko: ...In any case, Suou-san and Matsushima-san seem to be out at the moment, so no one else should pester you... Do excuse the interruption.
Narration: *With those parting words, delivered in an uncharacteristically tranquil tone, Sakaki turns away and quietly makes her way back to the dorm.*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I'm permitted to while away my time as a human pillow for the moment, but two days from now another Ichigaya job is waiting for me.*
Narration: *That was the way of life I chose, and I don't plan on trying to back out this late in the game...*
Sachi: Zzz... zzz...
Narration: *But surely no one could hold it against me if I enjoy this feeling a little longer. At least until she wakes up.*

Date: *August 4, 2011, 10:12 - School Dormitory - Laundry*
Narration: *―"Walls have ears, shoji have eyes" is a long-standing proverb in this country.*
Narration: *And in modern times, when minuscule spy cameras can be mounted on mosquitoes, it's truer than ever...*
Narration: *Since such electronic "bugs" are significantly more credible and accurate than an ear against the door, you could say the advances of science have only worsened the ancient problem of information security.*
Narration: *And it seems even this isolated community known as Mihama Academy is no exception to the general trend. Let down your guard for even a moment, and you'll suffer the consequences.*
Amane: Dating Sacchan was surprising enough, but to think he'd pull a lap pillow...
Makina: A lap pillow, eh... Like th' thing that came with my Tunafish Man DVD set?
Amane: ...You're thinking "hug pillow." And that was just a pillowcase, fortunately. 
Narration: *Amane heaves a small sigh, barely audible over the churning of the washing machine at her side.*
Narration: *As it so happened, our little courtyard interlude yesterday was recorded by a camera Makina had set up in the courtyard as part of a surveillance mission targeting Michiru, rendering Sakaki's considerate discretion sadly meaningless...*
Narration: *By this morning, the lap pillow incident was common knowledge throughout the dorm and beyond.*
Yuuji: ...Anyway, Sakaki, you decide on your request yet?
Yumiko: Uh, I don't know... You're kind of putting me on the spot...
Narration: *Since I've now spent a day in servitude to both Amane and Michiru, the pair of them magnanimously decided that today would be Sakaki's turn...*
Narration: *But if a genie popped up and told the girl "you have thirty seconds to ask me for anything you desire," I'm pretty sure she'd dither the time away and end up empty-handed. I'm still on standby at he moment.*
Amane: Didn't you say something about a massage when Yuuji brought this up?
Yumiko: M-My shoulders were a little sore at the time, that's all... They're not feeling particularly bad today...
Amane: That's funny... From my investigations, I'm pretty sure you were hunched over your PC until two in the morning last night...
Yumiko: Guh!? W-Why on earth do you know that...? 
Amane: Oh, a little bird told me...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *...Has someone been using Sachi for late-night spying operations again?*
Makina: Whatcha grumblin' and mumblin' for? It ain't so hard. "Kazami-kun, would you mind lending a hand with my masturbation?" would do just fine, ya know...
Yumiko: M-Mastur―
Amane: Ah, sorry, no good. You might not guess it to look at her, but Sakaki-san's a pretty innocent soul... 
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Well, I don't mind waiting for directions, but if you aren't going to ask for something it seems a little pointless for me to be here.
Yuuji: If you really can't think of anything, I'll get back to my own business...
Yumiko: W-Well, I...
Amane: See, look, now Yuuji's getting impatient. Just say something. Anything's fine!
Sachi: Go!
Makina: Go! Go!
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: F-Fine, fine... Laundry, then! Laundry will do!
Yuuji: That all?
Yumiko: Yes. We're right here, after all. I'll go get my hamper...
Yuuji: Hrm... All right. These washing machines make it easy as the press of a button, so there's no problem on my end.
Yumiko: ...Well, so much the better, then.
Michiru: Uwoh!?
Narration: *Arriving on the scene with an overflowing laundry basket in her hands, Michiru peeks over her mountain of dirty clothes with an expression of clear surprise.*
Michiru: What's everybody doing here all at once...?
Michiru: Hah!? Don't tell me... you guys are planning a surprise for my birthday...!?
Michiru: E-Even if you do throw me a big party... it's not like I'd be happy or anything!
Yumiko: ......
Makina: ......
Michiru: H-Huh...? Did I say something weird?
Sachi: Let's see... Rather than "weird," I think "tragically off base" might be the most apt description...
Yuuji: Well, that's life. Hang in there, kid.
Michiru: Again with the pity!!
Narration: *Deflating like a punctured inner tube, Michiru trudges sullenly on toward the washing machines.*
Amane: But anyway, are you really sure about this, Sakaki-san? 
Yumiko: ...What are you talking about?
Amane: Letting Yuuji do your laundry.
Yumiko: Huh? The man himself said it wouldn't be a problem.
Amane: Uh, not that... Yuuji's a guy, remember?
Yumiko: Well, he certainly doesn't look like a girl... What about it?
Amane: ...He's going to see your underwear. And get his hands aaall over them, probably.
Yumiko: Ah...
Yumiko: K-Kazami-kun! Sorry, but I need to retract the previous request!
Yuuji: Okay... You're the client, so that's fine by me.
Yumiko: I'll definitely think up something else, all right...?
Narration: *As soon as the words are out of her mouth, Sakaki hurries out of the laundry room and descends the stairs at a trot.*
Yuuji: Seemed strangely flustered. Don't tell me she's still hanging on to a pair of lucky teddy bear panties?
Amane: I can't comment on that, but... no matter what kind of underwear we're talking about, you don't want it seen unless you're showing it off. That's the normal reaction.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Come to think of it, there was a time when I thoughtfully washed a pile of JB's dirty laundry without being asked...*
Narration: *And although the woman usually walks around with her underwear half-exposed, her reaction was an angry snarl to the effect of "I'll do it myself." Seems pretty consistent with Amane's theory.*
Amane: Okay, so. Let's get back to the real topic of the hour, shall we...? Yuuji, just how far did you go with Sacchan on that date yesterday?
Yuuji: Not far. Just down to the station. Why?
Amane: ...Right, I think it's going to save a lot of time and frustration if I just ask Sacchan instead.
Narration: *...Heard the same thing from JB yesterday. It seems I'm not particularly well-equipped for this sort of conversation.*
Amane: Heard that, Sacchan? What's the deal?
Sachi: Uhm... I assume you meant "how far" our relationship has progressed, but... The lap pillow incident in question would be the full extent of our physically romantic interactions to date. 
Amane: Really? Not even a casual kiss now and again?
Sachi: That is correct. No kisses.
Amane: So that has to mean you haven't gotten to the erotic business either, right...?
Yuuji: Look, woman...
Sachi: Erotic... er-o-tic... business? Are you perhaps referring to Aerotech Incorporated, the well-known manufacturer of precision sheet metal components?
Amane: Uh, I don't think they're as "well-known" as you think... And I was talking about, you know, the birds and the bees, I guess?
Sachi: Birds and the bees... In other words, sexual intercourse?
Amane: ......
Makina: Yer ruthless, Sacchin... Ama-nee gave ya a nice change-up for once, and ya fire back a blazin' fastball right down the middle...
Sachi: Huh? Amane-san is referring to sex, is she not?
Amane: W-Well, yes, but...
Sachi: In other words, you were inquiring as to whether Yuu-kun and I have had sex, yes?
Amane: Look, uhm... I mean...
Sachi: Or perhaps the word "copulation" would better represent the nuance you're attempting to convey...?
Amane: Sorry... my bad, just stop...
Sachi: ...?
Narration: *Not bad, Sachi... Making Amane of all people bashful is a considerable achievement.*
Amane: Anyway, Sacchan, I think you should brace yourself while you can.
Sachi: Brace myself...?
Amane: Yep. Once you've hit the lap pillow stage, it won't be long before things get x-rated.
Sachi: In other words, you're saying... it won't be long before my hymen's broken?
Amane: Gggraaaaaargh! Why!? Why does she feel the need to rephrase it!? Every! Single! Time!!!
Makina: Ah, lookit that. Ama-nee snapped.
Yuuji: Don't think I've ever seen her pushed this far before...
Amane: Gaa... haa... haa...
Amane: W-Well, anyway... Sacchan is kind of the stoic type, so she might actually be okay on this front...
Sachi: Yes. In fact, I've simulated the pain of a deflowering numerous―
Amane: Aah, yes, sure, great... Anyway, I gave you my advice, for what it's worth.
Sachi: Yes. Thank you very much, Amane-san.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *It's definitely not a bad thing that our classmates care enough to express their concern, but...*
Narration: *Given Sachi's tendency to interpret advice in oddly distorted ways, I'm a little worried Amane's well-intentioned words may create more problems than they solve.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Hrm... looks about right.
Narration: *Confirming that cool air's once again flowing from the vent, I climb carefully down off the stepladder.*
Narration: *After anguishing at great length about her request, Sakaki ended up mumbling "Come to think of it, the air conditioning in the hallway hasn't been working too well lately..." and sending me off on a chore largely irrelevant to her own interests.  *
Narration: *And so, after borrowing some basic tools from a closet, I performed some simple maintenance on the overhead AC unit, cleaning out the ducts and replacing the machine's filter.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Even as she holds the ladder steady, Sachi's gazing up at me with something like wonder in her eyes.*
Yuuji: Okay, what's on your mind this time?
Sachi: Well, uhm... Yuu-kun, you're not only a qualified horticulturist, but also a certified electrician?
Yuuji: ...Not qualified or certified in either of those fields, actually.
Sachi: But the air conditioning is functioning properly again. Even better than before.
Yuuji: Yeah... When AC units break down, nine times out of ten it's because dust and grime has accumulated inside the machine over the years.
Yuuji: Even without any specialized technical knowledge, it's possible to perform some basic repairs.
Narration: *And in the first place, the title of "electrician" means you're licensed to wire buildings and such... That's a completely different can of worms.*
Sachi: In that case, you're simply amazing, Yuu-kun.
Sachi: Had this been asked of me instead, I would have had no choice but to request the unit be serviced by a specialized contractor.
Yuuji: Well, I personally went this route because I know a little about air conditioners. But if you're looking for the most reliable method of ensuring the request gets fulfilled, your judgment is probably the better one.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: The hands-on approach is only feasible when you happen to know how to solve a specific problem, after all.
Sachi: In that case, perhaps I should pursue a wider range of studies as well.
Yuuji: Maybe so. I'm not telling you to glue yourself to your desk even more than you already do, but it can't hurt to expand your breadth of knowledge.
Sachi: I see, very true...
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Uhm... incidentally, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Yeah?
Sachi: Are you not interested in having sex with me?
Narration: *...That didn't take long.*
Yuuji: Look, Sachi, this is just like the thing with JB yesterday... Why are you so worried about what other people say about us?
Sachi: But... according to the data produced by a certain investigation, a full 43% of those in our age group have already become sexually active.
Yuuji: I'm guessing these statistics came from another magazine you found in the convenience store rack.
Sachi: *Gasp*... Somehow, I've been seen through...
Yuuji: Just a little statistical analysis of my own. My data indicates 99% of your data is that sort of crap.
Sachi: In any case... Naturally, I don't mind in the slightest if you prefer to bestow unfathomable indignities upon me in your mind, but...
Sachi: Since we are a couple, I thought it might be best to try the standard range of romantic behaviors...
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Does that mean you want to "try" having sex, Sachi?
Sachi: No. I was merely inquiring if the idea appealed to you, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *So even when it comes to something this serious, she relinquishes any role in the actual decision.*
Yuuji: Let me ask you something first. Would you really be all right having me as your first partner?
Sachi: I would be rather happy, if anything.
Yuuji: ...You serious about that?
Sachi: Yes. Komine Sachi: Always Serious.
Yuuji: Is that supposed to be your brand slogan?
Sachi: I do apologize... Was I being too forward, perhaps...?
Yuuji: No... Wouldn't say that, but...
Narration: *There's no doubt in my mind that Sachi's proposing this because of her belief that a "good girl" hews closely to the conventional way of doing things.*
Narration: *In other words, her own will played virtually no role in this proposal.*
Narration: *Of course, I'm not suggesting that adapting to the societal mainstream is a bad thing, and I'm sure as hell not planning to play some sort of holy martyr who abstains from physical relationships...*
Narration: *But right now, Sachi's still missing an important part of herself.*
Narration: *For that reason, I've started this relationship off on a distinctly platonic note.*
Narration: *Now that Sachi herself is approaching me, the question is whether or not I should allow things to move beyond that stage.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Ordinarily, the answer would be a flat "no."*
Narration: *But precisely because Sachi's wrapped herself inside this shell, I need to introduce changes into her life.*
Narration: *This offer represents a clear opportunity on that front. But that said...*
Yuuji: Mind if I double check this one last time?
Sachi: Not at all. Go right ahead.
Yuuji: You don't find the idea of having sex with me unpleasant, Sachi?
Sachi: That's correct. I don't find the idea unpleasant in the slightest. I would be reassured to have you as a partner, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *There's no guarantee the feelings Sachi expresses to me are real.*
Narration: *If Sachi's convinced herself that "a good girlfriend loves her boyfriend," she might very well override her own emotions to bring herself into alignment with that image.*
Narration: *True, I'll never get anywhere if I get too caught up in this kind of doubt, but this is a serious enough step to warrant some caution.*
Narration: *...At the very least, I think Sachi's sincere in saying she doesn't find the idea outright unpleasant.*
Narration: *In other words, we've met the absolute minimum condition for me to put my hands on her.*
Yuuji: All right. Since you're obviously up for it, Sachi, let's move this relationship to the next step.
Sachi: Certainly. You have my full cooperation.

Sachi: ...Thank you for waiting.
Narration: *About twenty minutes after we headed to my room, Sachi emerges from the bathroom, her shower finally complete.*
Narration: *Her mere presence fills the room with the fresh smell of soap, prompting a small kick of sexual desire.*
Narration: *Normally, I've been trying to keep thoughts like these out of my mind, but right now Sachi's in my room for the explicit purpose of "taking the next step" in our relationship.*
Narration: *It's kind of a strange feeling, to be honest.*
Sachi: I've cleaned my body as you instructed, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Took your time in there, but are you sure you did a thorough job? Might end up having some places you've never gotten a good look at yourself inspected, after all.
Sachi: Quite sure. From the hair on my head to the tips of my toes, I'm sparkling clean.
Yuuji: ...But you're still wearing the maid uniform, I see.
Sachi: Yes... I've heard that men find removing the clothes prior to sex exciting, so I was attempting to be thoughtful.
Yuuji: Ah...
Narration: *They do say girls tend to collect lots of dubious secondhand knowledge about this sort of thing. Guess it'd probably be best not to bother asking about her source for this information.*
Sachi: And so... what should I be doing next, exactly?
Narration: *Her face betraying a hint of nervousness, Sachi looks up into my eyes.*
Narration: *I'd like to believe that slight pink flush in her cheeks isn't just a lingering effect of her shower.*
Yuuji: Let's see... According to standard theory, we'd begin with whispering loving words and embracing each other, but today, we're going to omit that step.
Sachi: Oh... An austerity measure due to the recent recession, perhaps?
Yuuji: No, it's just that "Fast, cheap, and satisfying" is my personal motto when it comes to sex.
Sachi: I see... Your marketing strategy is based on a fast-food philosophy?
Narration: *Naturally, this "motto" is a load of crap, but I want to put the kisses and affectionate words on hold until Sachi's managed to regain a normal emotional state.*
Narration: *Might think it a little hypocritical for me to be so conscientious on that point, when we're about to do something more extreme...*
Narration: *But I have my own way of thinking about the things that bind people together. And the way I see it, some things matter more than physical intimacy.*
Sachi: But, uhm... when you say "cheap," what exactly are you―
Yuuji: All right. First of all, let's get you to a more appropriate location.
Sachi: ...Is... Is our first time going to be outdoors?
Yuuji: ...No. I was talking about the bed.
Sachi: Ah, I see...
Narration: *With that, Sachi promptly walks over and settles down on top of my bed.*
Sachi: ...Well, I've taken a seat for now.
Yuuji: Right. Now get yourself into a comfortable position and pull up your skirt.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Is this close enough to what you wanted, Yuu-kun...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Perfect.
Sachi: T-Thank you very much...
Narration: *As I pat her head reassuringly, Sachi's cheeks redden further.*
Narration: *The hint of embarrassment is a nice contrast with her usual boldness. And with the additional flavor added by her maid uniform, this makes for an impressively erotic picture.*
Sachi: Well then, what should I do next?
Yuuji: Hrm... you won't be doing anything in particular for the moment. First of all, I'm going to touch your body.
Sachi: Ah, this would be what's popularly known as "foreplay," yes?
Yuuji: Right. So in other words, I'll be putting my hands on you now... That all right?
Sachi: Yes... Go right ahead...
Narration: *When Sachi responds, her voice slightly softer than before, I reach up and place my right hand against her face.*
Sachi: Ah...
Yuuji: How's that? Not unpleasant or anything, is it?
Sachi: No... Your hand feels warm and nice, Yuu-kun. Just as it always has.
Yuuji: That so...
Narration: *Slightly relieved by Sachi's words, I begin poking at her cheeks for my amusement.*
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Uhm... are you finding some variety of twisted pleasure in abusing my cheeks?
Yuuji: Hrm... seems the jig is up.
Sachi: I'm afraid you weren't hiding it particularly well... but that's all right. I don't dislike being disgraced by Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ...Glad to hear it.
Narration: *Trying to keep up the conversation as a distraction, I begin to move my hand down Sachi's body.*
Sachi: Nn...
Narration: *When my fingertips trace lightly over the nape of Sachi's neck, she responds with a small grunt.*
Yuuji: Little ticklish, are we?
Sachi: Yes, uhm... Yuu-kun, it seems you're quite good at this...
Yuuji: ...Sure. Thanks.
Narration: *None of this even qualifies as a "caress" yet, but whatever. Even as Sachi's offering me her compliments, my hand continues its slow journey downward.*
Yuuji: Hm... This uniform really is made from pretty decent stuff, isn't it?
Narration: *As my hand reaches Sachi's shoulder, I find myself offering my impressions of her soft, silky clothing.*
Sachi: Yes. It is, after all, a professional maid uniform made to full military specs.
Yuuji: Yeah, so you keep telling me...
Narration: *As we're speaking, my hand approaches Sachi's chest.*
Sachi: Uhm... I do apologize...
Sachi: My breasts aren't large like those of Amane-san or Sakaki-san... so I'm afraid they may not be particularly rewarding to grope...
Narration: *Apparently trying to anticipate my reaction, Sachi apologizes preemptively.*
Yuuji: Don't apologize over these. Makina and Michiru would kick your ass if they heard.
Sachi: T-That is true. I'll have to apologize to the two of them later...
Yuuji: Uh, no. Really don't think that's necessary...
Narration: *In an attempt to reassure Sachi, who's clearly feeling a little self-conscious about this, I gently cup my hands around her breasts.*
Sachi: Mmm...
Narration: *Although her clothes are still providing a bit of protection, Sachi's evidently not too accustomed to this sort of stimulation, judging from the jerky little twitch that results.*
Yuuji: First time anyone's touched your breasts like this, Sachi?
Sachi: I suppose so... The only other time anyone has touched my chest would be to measure my brassiere size...
Yuuji: Ah... well, sorry to inform you, but this is going to be a bit more intense than that.
Sachi: G-Go right ahead...
Narration: *Once Sachi nods her consent, I begin to gently move my hands over both of her breasts simultaneously.*
Sachi: Ah... nn, mmm...
Yuuji: I'll keep going like this for a while so you can get used to it.
Sachi: Yes... Please do...
Narration: *Sachi offers a brief response, then purses her lips slightly.*
Narration: *I take that to mean she's braced herself for stronger stimulation, and begin to move my hands in small circles over her breasts.*
Sachi: Mnn, mm... nnmf... mm...
Narration: *As I continue that caressing motion, Sachi's small moans gradually grow louder.*
Sachi: Mhah, ah... nn... mm...
Yuuji: How does it feel having your breasts touched like this?
Sachi: Uhm... mm, a little ticklish... almost itchy. It's a very strange sensation...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I've heard sexual stimulation can feel something like that for inexperienced women...*
Narration: *But the only way to change that sensation into something more like pleasure is by getting accustomed to it.*
Sachi: But that's... a product of my inexperience, yes?
Yuuji: Pretty much, yeah.
Sachi: In that case, please don't give it a second thought. Touch me however you like, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: You sure about that?
Sachi: Yes. In fact... I would be happier if you didn't hold back...
Yuuji: ...All right. In that case, I'll do it a little stronger.
Narration: *With this warning, I begin to firmly massage Sachi's breasts from both sides.*
Sachi: Nhaaah... ah...
Narration: *And once again, her body twitches awkwardly in reaction.*
Yuuji: ...Did that hurt?
Sachi: Ah... no, I'm fine. Please continue as you were.
Narration: *She might be experiencing a little pain, but since she's chosen not to admit it, I should respect her feelings.*
Yuuji: ...All right.
Narration: *With that brief response, I resume playing with Sachi's breasts.*
Sachi: Mm... mmmn... mmm...
Narration: *While altering slow and rapid movements of my fingers, I rub my palms against her as if massaging a sore back.*
Sachi: Mmh... Yuu-kun...
Narration: *When she calls my name, as I touch her body with my own hands, I understand something.*
Narration: *I might have felt something like pity for Sachi when I learned about her difficult past. I might have made her my girlfriend out of the desire to help her.*
Narration: *But what I'm feeling now is clearly something else entirely. Something more selfish.*
Narration: *When I touch Sachi's body, when I hear Sachi call my name, it brings me pleasure. It makes me happy.*
Narration: *It's too strong and simple a feeling to deny.*
Yuuji: How're you feeling? Getting used to this yet?
Sachi: Yes... I'm not entirely sure, but I rather think I might be...
Narration: *Those words don't appear to be a considerate lie. I can feel the tension slowly draining from Sachi's body.*
Sachi: Mm... mn, mmm... mhaah.
Narration: *And when my fingers graze across the tips of her breasts, Sachi lets out a genuine moan.*
Yuuji: I know it's your first time, but even so... you seem really sensitive here.
Sachi: Y-Yes... In fact, I began wearing a brassiere early... because my clothes would rub painfully against my nipples during physical education class...
Yuuji: Not sure why you're suddenly sharing the story of your puberty.
Sachi: Uhm... I thought it was the appropriate moment... Was I mistaken?
Yuuji: ...Sometimes you're way too "thoughtful" in completely unnecessary ways.
Sachi: Hahn... mmm, m-my apolo... gies...
Narration: *When I deliberately rub the tips of her breasts with my index fingers as punishment, Sachi's body begins to tremble strongly.*
Sachi: Nnah... this is... rather intense indeed...
Yuuji: It's going to get stronger, you know.
Sachi: Even stronger... than this?
Yuuji: Yeah. As part of that, I'm going to be taking off some of your clothes now. All right?
Sachi: Y-Yes... Go right ahead...
Narration: *Suspending my caresses for the moment, I nimbly unbutton the maid uniform down the front, then roll up Sachi's bra.*
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *All protection lost, her breasts stand completely exposed.*
Yuuji: Hrm... not badly shaped, either...
Sachi: Uhm... should I be saying "thank you" at this point...?
Yuuji: No need for that, although I'm definitely complimenting you.
Sachi: O-Okay...
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi averts her eyes from mine.*
Yuuji: So I guess even you get a little embarrassed when someone's staring at your bare breasts, huh?
Sachi: I-I'm not entirely certain about that... but my face feels rather hot...
Narration: *...Yes, that would be what we call "embarrassment."*
Narration: *But instead of explaining this to Sachi, I reach out for my first contact with her naked chest.*
Sachi: Mm...
Narration: *In contrast to the cool fabric of her uniform, Sachi's body is rich with the warmth unique to living creatures.*
Narration: *It's been a while since I felt that warmth this directly; for a moment, my hands reflexively separate from her chest.*
Sachi: ...Uhm... Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: Ah, sorry. It's nothing...
Sachi: Is that so...?
Yuuji: ...Hey, Sachi. Try to remember this, all right? How it makes you feel when I touch you.
Sachi: On that count, you may rest assured. I doubt I'll be able to forget even if I tried...
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *Savoring the small happiness those words bring me, I once again bring my hands to Sachi's body.*
Sachi: Nhah... ah. This really is... even stronger than before...
Yuuji: Yeah, because you had those clothes dulling the sensation until now. Just tough it out. You'll get used to this soon enough.
Sachi: I'll certainly do my best...
Narration: *In order to provide an even more powerful stimulation, I wrap up her breasts in the palm of my hands and begin to play with both nipples at once using the tips of my fingers.*
Sachi: Mmfh, mmm... mm.
Narration: *As promised, Sachi does her best to accept this direct attack. Struggling to control her voice, she bravely endures the painfully intense pleasure.*
Yuuji: How about this...?
Sachi: Nhyaa!
Narration: *When I give Sachi's nipples a light pinch, she instantly jerks her head backward.*
Sachi: T-That was a surprise... An electric shock just ran through my body...
Yuuji: But it didn't hurt, right?
Sachi: No... If anything, I believe it might have felt pleasurable, in a way...
Narration: *After confirming that Sachi's more aroused than uncomfortable at this point, I rub her hardening nipples up and down with my fingers.*
Sachi: Nhah... ah, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *But this time, Sachi reaches out and grabs onto my arm, her voice choked with anxiety.*
Yuuji: It's all right, you're doing fine. Just try to relax your body and focus on the sensation.
Sachi: Y-Yes... mmm, ah... nhah.
Narration: *As I repeat those movements over and over, small beads of sweat begin to form on Sachi's bare skin.*
Narration: *And under her skirt, still tucked up in her hands as I requested in the beginning, her underwear is getting lightly but visibly wet.*
Yuuji: Might be your first time, but it looks like you've managed to get prepared just fine.
Sachi: Is that... so?
Yuuji: Yeah. Or so your wet panties would suggest.
Sachi: W-Wet...? Nhah!
Narration: *I reach down with my left hand to stroke the area in question through her underwear. Sachi reflexively bends backward at my touch.*
Yuuji: ...See? My hand's damp, isn't it?
Sachi: This is... vaginal lubrication, isn't it?
Narration: *I bring my hand, wet with Sachi's sexual fluids, before her eyes. She gazes at it in evident fascination.*
Yuuji: Yeah. And if I keep up the foreplay, you'll get even wetter soon enough.
Sachi: Mm... it might be odd to say this about a part of my own body, but... it's a very mysterious thing...
Narration: *Her serious contemplation of the matter is, frankly, pretty damn cute. I return my left hand to her panties and begin to gently stroke along the line of wetness.*
Sachi: Nnnh! Ah, hah...
Narration: *Apparently Sachi's attention is fully focused on her lower body now, as the movements of my hand are followed by small, quivering grunts.*
Yuuji: You can moan if you want to, you know...
Sachi: Y-Yes... I do appreciate your saying so, but I'm afraid... I don't think I can help it either way at this... mmmn!
Narration: *The fingers of my left hand still moving along Sachi's panties, I resume caressing her breasts with my right.*
Sachi: Nhah! Ah, aah... m-my breasts... as well?
Yuuji: Yeah. Can't let you off the hook yet... We're just getting started.
Sachi: Ah, aahn! Y-You're mean, Yuu-kun... You're so mean...
Yuuji: I won't deny it, but it seems you're something of a dirty girl. Let's call it even.
Sachi: Naah! Ah, aah... that's not... mmm!
Narration: *Apparently this verbal shaming has the intended effect. Sachi's panties are suddenly significantly wetter than they were a moment ago.*
Yuuji: No, I'm pretty sure it's true. I've barely started down here, but look how wet you've gotten already.
Sachi: I-I'm very... sorry! When you touch me down there, Yuu-kun... my body gets all... hot...
Yuuji: All right. In that case, I'll make you feel even better.
Sachi: Y-Yes... P-Please... go right ahead. Aah...
Narration: *Before she's even finished speaking, I slide Sachi's panties to the side. Liquid overflows from her exposed vagina, quickly staining the sheets below.*
Sachi: Aah...
Narration: *Seems Sachi's well aware of what's going on down there herself, judging from the way she can't manage to look me in the eye.*
Yuuji: Well, looks like you're starting to enjoy yourself down here.
Sachi: Does that mean... my body's responding to your foreplay, Yuu-kun...?
Yuuji: Yeah, guess you could put it that way.
Sachi: I'm... very happy to hear that...
Narration: *And as she speaks those words with a smile on her face, an unfamiliar feeling wells up inside me.*
Narration: *If I had to guess, I'd say I'm currently experiencing something like affection for Sachi.*
Yuuji: ...I see. Thanks, Sachi.
Sachi: Huh...? Why... are you thanking me, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: Good question. What do you think?
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: All right, I'm going to play with your pussy now.
Sachi: Y-Yes... c... certainly...
Narration: *After smoothly changing the subject, I gently bring my hand to her well-lubricated slit.*
Sachi: Naah! Ah, this... ahhn!
Narration: *That alone's enough to send Sachi gasping with pleasure.*
Sachi: Aah... ah, ahn... ah, aaah...
Narration: *And when I slowly begin to move my fingers up and down, she squirms around as if seeking escape from the stimulation.*
Sachi: Mmm! Don't... please... I, ah, I can't control my voice...
Yuuji: Not a problem. That's what I was going for.
Sachi: Nhah... ah, b-but... ah!!
Narration: *Already unable to shape her thoughts into coherent words, Sachi simply shakes her head from side to side. At a guess, she's feeling guilt over receiving pleasure without giving in return.*
Narration: *In order to wipe these unhelpful thoughts from her mind, I relentlessly torment her genitals with my fingers.*
Sachi: Nhaah, aah... a-ahhn!
Narration: *Using the incessant flood of liquid from inside as lubricant, I carefully move my fingertips up and down the length of her vagina.*
Sachi: Aaah... ahn! Haa... aaah...
Narration: *It doesn't take much of this before Sachi's breathing grows rough and heated.*
Sachi: Yuu-kun... I feel strange... my head's going sort of... fuzzy...
Yuuji: Too early to start whimpering. It's only going to get more intense.
Sachi: You can't be s...! Ahnn! Nnh, aah!
Narration: *Without pausing the stroking motion of my left hand, I use my right to target her nipples.*
Sachi: Aah! Ah, my stomach... is getting hotter and hotter... mmm!
Narration: *Her waist begins to twitch convulsively. Probably getting pretty close to orgasm.*
Narration: *I accelerate the motion of my fingers against her warm skin.*
Sachi: Ahn! Ah, ah... ahh! Please... this is just... too much! Nnm!
Narration: *She's gotten so wet by this point that my fingers nearly slip inside her with every stroke.*
Sachi: Aaahn! Ah, your finger, aah!
Narration: *And in reaction, Sachi throws back her head, reflexively trying to escape the stimulation.*
Sachi: Nhah, Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun!
Narration: *But that's clearly not enough to endure this. Sachi reaches down and tightly grips my hand for reassurance, even as it continues to pleasure her.*
Sachi: Aaah! Please, I... ah!
Narration: *She fixes watery, anxious eyes on mine, perhaps instinctively realizing that she can no longer escape her approaching climax.*
Sachi: Yuu-kun... mmm! I can't... I'm...!
Sachi: Mmm... mmmmnn!!
Narration: *Staring steadily back into her eyes, I move my left hand violently to provide the final spurt.*
Sachi: Ahaaaah! Aaah... ah, aaaaaaahhh!!!
Narration: *And the moment the palm of my hand rubs firmly against her sensitive clitoris, Sachi arches her back like a bow and reaches the height of her pleasure.*
Sachi: Nhaah... aah... haah...
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *All the tension draining from her body, Sachi draws ragged, irregular breaths through her mouth.*
Yuuji: You all right, Sachi?
Sachi: Mmm... y-yes...
Sachi: Since I'm hearing your voice, Yuu-kun... I suppose I'm still alive...?
Yuuji: As a general rule, foreplay is rarely fatal.
Sachi: But... it was just that transcendent an experience...
Yuuji: Well, if that was your first real orgasm, I guess I can understand where you're coming from.
Sachi: ...I'm sorry, I don't follow. What does naturally-grown produce have to do with this?
Narration: *...That's "organic." I guess this one isn't on the vocab list in English class...*
Yuuji: When I say "orgasm," I'm talking about "coming" in the sexual sense.
Sachi: Ah, yes. I believe I've seen the word used in that sense before... in one of the manga volumes Michiru-sama's always leaving scattered around her room.
Narration: *...She doesn't even clean up her own porn? Michiru never fails to exceed my expectations.*
Yuuji: So, what are your thoughts on the foreplay? That'd be your first sexual experience, I guess.
Sachi: Uhm... well... it felt wonderful...
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *I'd honestly been a little uneasy about exactly how gentle I needed to be, since the girl's younger than me and a virgin to boot... but I guess it went relatively well.*
Sachi: But just now was merely foreplay, and I was the only one who "came"... There's more to sex than this, is there not?
Yuuji: True, but we're going to call it a day.
Sachi: Huh...?
Narration: *Apparently this was completely unexpected. Sachi blinks in genuine bewilderment.*
Yuuji: This is more than enough for your first time. No need to rush things.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: What, you too much of a "slutty maid" to be satisfied with a single orgasm?
Sachi: N-No... If you think that would be best, Yuu-kun, it's quite all right with me.
Yuuji: ...In that case, I guess there's no problem.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *I'm gazing at the scenery outside my window when Sachi walks up to my side, evidently finished with her second shower of the day.*
Sachi: Uhm... I really do apologize...
Sachi: Because of my inexperience, we ended up stopping halfway through...
Yuuji: You've got nothing to apologize for. Getting impatient and rushing ahead rarely ends well. Especially with this sort of thing.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *That doesn't seem quite enough to convince Sachi this time. She looks up at me, her big round eyes tinged with uncertainty.*
Yuuji: Don't worry, you did just fine today. All you need to do now is take it easy for a while.
Sachi: ...Yes. Certainly.
Narration: *I give Sachi a quick pat on the head and offer a few reassuring words. Without any further objections, she nods and leaves my room.*
Yuuji: ...Girl's got sharp instincts. Not easy to lie to her.
Narration: *As Sachi seems to have vaguely sensed, my real reason for stopping halfway through was entirely different.*
Narration: *Truth is, something inside me drew back at the idea of going all the way. Something about the idea of taking her virginity just felt wrong.*
Narration: *It's still not entirely clear to me why my conscience suddenly kicked into overdrive, but...*
Narration: *When I touched her body directly, something about my way of thinking changed. I'll have to wrap it up with that for now.*
Narration: *I guess that hesitation may have ended up giving her something else to be anxious about. Not really what I was trying to accomplish here.*
Narration: *But today, some part of me thought "this girl deserves to be treasured." And I don't think I was wrong.*

Date: *August 5, 2011, 13:46 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
JB: All right then, I'm going to borrow Yuuji for juuust a bit!
Narration: *JB's arrived in typically flashy fashion to pick me up for the previously-scheduled job. Judging from the way she's currently draping her arms around my neck, I'm going to guess the personal escort is mainly an excuse to tease Sachi.*
Sachi: Yes. I leave him in your capable hands.
JB: I know it'll probably be a little lonely for you, Sachi... but try to tough it out, okay?
Sachi: I assure you, there's no need to worry about me. Please do take care of Yuu-kun.
JB: Ooh... That's quite a thing to say to someone who's just spent the last five minutes teasing you. Pretty impressive, Sachi.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Yuuji: More importantly, anything you want to ask before I head out?
JB: Yes, yes! Don'tchu wanna request a goodbye kiss or two!?
Yuuji: Shut up for a minute, woman...
JB: Ahn!
Narration: *I shake free of JB's clingy embrace and cut the flow of crap short with a hand over her mouth.*
Sachi: Well then, uhm... how long is your job scheduled to take?
JB: Let's see...
Narration: *When I silently look in JB's direction, she brings a hand to her chin and thinks the matter over for a moment.*
JB: It'll vary depending on how the situation plays out, but... I'm fairly sure he won't be back until quite late.
Yuuji: ...So she says.
Sachi: In other words, you will be returning to the dormitory eventually?
Yuuji: Yeah, no plans to stay overnight. I'll definitely be coming back.
Sachi: ...Is that a promise?
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi looks up at me with a gravely serious expression.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I suppose it is.
Sachi: All right. In that case, I'll patiently await your return here, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Just to be perfectly clear... that doesn't mean I want you to stand on this exact spot the entire time, all right?
Sachi: ...That's rather rude, Yuu-kun. I'm not quite that stupid.
Yuuji: Sorry, but you've kind of got a track record...
Sachi: Rest assured, I'll wait while performing my usual routine.
Yuuji: ...Good. In that case, not a problem.
JB: All right then. Thanks for seeing us off, Sachi dear.
Sachi: Yes. Please take care as well, JB-san.
Narration: *As Sachi bows politely, JB and I lower ourselves into the car and draw the doors shut.*
JB: ...Am I imagining things, or does she have some suspicions about your job?
Yuuji: Even if she does, I don't think she's likely to bring them up.
JB: I suppose not...
JB: She really is a good girl, isn't she? Patiently awaiting her master's return... Almost like some well-trained military dog.
Yuuji: A military dog...? Well, she's definitely a creature of habit. A slightly obsessive German Shepherd, maybe...
JB: But anyway... are you sure promising to come back was a good idea? That's not the sort of thing you'd usually say, even if you didn't mean it...
Yuuji: I know. Wasn't planning to say anything of the sort, but she started staring into my eyes and I just couldn't help myself.
JB: Well, well. Somebody's changing...
Yuuji: ...What, me?
JB: Heheheh... The both of you.
Narration: *...If you say so.*
Yuuji: Look, how about you put making fun of us on hold for the moment and pay a little more attention to the damn road?
JB: Okaaay...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I had been a little worried Sachi might get caught up on the way things ended yesterday, but she didn't seem any different this morning.*
Narration: *Maybe that pat on the head actually did the trick.*
JB: Go ahead and take a nap, Yuuji. I'll wake you up when we get there.
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Sounds like a plan.
Narration: *Obediently retrieving a sleep mask out of the dashboard, I slip it over my eyes and lean back in the soft leather seat. Within moments, I'm falling into a light sleep.*
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Haa...
Yumiko: ...That's quite the sigh, Komine-san. Rather unusual for you.
Sachi: Ah, Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: And it seems your head was in the clouds as well...
Sachi: Did I appear that way...? I suppose it's hardly surprising.
Yumiko: Yes, you did... That was my impression, at least. Was I mistaken?
Sachi: No, it's just as you say, Sakaki-san. I was lost in thought for a moment.
Yumiko: Something on your mind? If you'd like to talk it over, I'll hear you out.
Sachi: ...Sakaki-san. I know your adoration for cup yakisoba knows no bounds, but I would strongly recommend not eating any noodles you may spill onto the ground. It's not healthy.
Yumiko: ...Are you attempting to imply the offer was out of character?
Sachi: Would you disagree?
Yumiko: Well, I suppose not... but if you went to Suou-san or Matsushima-san with your troubles, I've got the feeling you might get some rather warped advice...
Sachi: Yes, I think I may know what you mean.
Yumiko: ...Hence the offer.
Sachi: In that case, I would in fact earnestly appreciate the opportunity to consult you on a certain matter.
Yumiko: Am I correct to assume something happened with Kazami-kun?
Sachi: Perhaps it would be more accurate to say something that should have happened didn't...
Yumiko: This sounds like a somewhat complicated story...
Yumiko: First of all, let's move this conversation elsewhere. If we stay out here, one of the others might pass by at any time.
Sachi: Yes. Certainly.
Yumiko: ...All right. We should be able to speak freely here.
Sachi: That's certainly true... but why the classroom, in particular?
Yumiko: Because nowhere in the dorm is secure. Not with Irisu-san around.
Sachi: I see. A very persuasive argument...
Yumiko: ...So? What exactly happened?
Sachi: Well... the truth is, yesterday Yuu-kun and I decided to take the felicitous step of engaging in sex...
Yumiko: S-!? Se... Whaaat!?
Sachi: Sakaki-san, your display of surprise strikes me as slightly disproportionate.
Yumiko: But just two days ago, the two of you hadn't even kissed! And suddenly you're having, well... sex? Anyone would be surprised...
Sachi: In any case, that itself wasn't the problem.
Yumiko: Then what was?
Sachi: Well, everything seemed to be heading in an auspicious direction at first... But before sex itself, some so-called "foreplay" is necessary, correct?
Yumiko: Y-Yes... Women need to be, uhm, fairly well-prepared for the actual event...
Sachi: Exactly so. And in the course of these preliminary formalities, Yuu-kun's caresses delivered me a magnificent orgasm, but...
Yumiko: Wait, so... in other words, you... came?
Sachi: Indeed I did. My body was light as a feather, my mind soaring blindly into the outer reaches of the cosmos... It was a transcendental experience.
Yumiko: I-I see... Soaring into the cosmos... That's certainly...
Yumiko: ......
Sachi: ...Sakaki-san. You just imagined receiving similar pleasure at Yuu-kun's hands, did you not?
Yumiko: Wha!? W-Well, I... a certain image just popped into my head very briefly, that's all!
Sachi: Rather more truthful an answer than I had expected, to be honest... You really are a good-hearted person, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: L-Let's please stop talking about this now...
Yumiko: In any case... considering the nature of your problem, perhaps you would have been better off consulting Suou-san after all.
Sachi: Oh, I think I have to disagree. I don't believe I made a mistake in approaching you.
Yumiko: ...Really? I would think she's likely more knowledgeable about these matters.
Sachi: Not true. She may put on a convincing front, but Amane-san is no less a virgin than the rest of us...
Sachi: And considering the websites you visit on a daily basis, I strongly suspect that you possess more information on the topic at hand.
Yumiko: Wha-!? H-How do you know what I do on the Internet? 
Sachi: Allow me to offer you a word of advice: When your password's only six characters long, you might as well not have one.
Yumiko: ......
Sachi: Do you understand now?
Yumiko: Yes... I understand that I need to slightly reconsider the way I deal with you...
Sachi: Well then, I'd like to return to the problem we're here to discuss...
Yumiko: ...By all means.
Sachi: After pleasuring me to the point of orgasm, Yuu-kun didn't attempt to initiate actual sexual intercourse. Instead, he called the encounter to a halt.
Yumiko: R-Really?
Sachi: Yes... When I inquired as to why, he kindly said "there's no reason to rush things," but...
Sachi: After careful consideration, I suspect some deficiency on my part was more likely responsible...
Yumiko: Ah, I see...
Sachi: Sakaki-san, why do you think Yuu-kun stopped halfway through?
Yumiko: Let's see... From what you've said, one might very well interpret it as nothing more than a caring boyfriend taking things slowly.
Sachi: But Harudera-san said that men of Yuu-kun's age are all ravenous wolves...
Yumiko: W-Well, perhaps so.
Sachi: In which case... I simply can't help but feel there's something more to this.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Okay, let me ask you one question... At the time, what state was Kazami-kun's "thing" in?
Sachi: Uhm... when you say "thing," are you referring to Yuu-kun's genitals?
Yumiko: Yes. If his... p-penis wasn't noticeably larger than usual, then...
Yumiko: There's a possibility his body didn't even sense that you two were in a sexual situation.
Sachi: Is that so?
Yumiko: Yes. When a man's thoughts turn to sexual gratification, blood flows to his genitals, and his penis becomes visibly... e-erect. In other words, larger and harder...
Sachi: Impressive, Sakaki-san. You are rather knowledgeable indeed.
Yumiko: I'd prefer not to be admired over this sort of thing... Just answer the question, please.
Sachi: Let's see... I wasn't observing his groins closely, so I can't say with confidence... but I don't believe "it" got any larger.
Yumiko: In that case, we might be on the right track...
Sachi: So in other words...
Yumiko: In other words, Kazami-kun wasn't aroused by you, Komine-san.
Sachi: Aroused...?
Yumiko: That is to say, he didn't experience the sort of excitement that inspires men to have sex.
Sachi: I see... To be certain, Yuu-kun seemed more concerned about me than anything else. I don't remember him showing any signs of "excitement."
Yumiko: The more you describe the situation, the more probable this possibility seems...
Sachi: You think so...?
Yumiko: ...Yes. Fundamentally speaking, it seems men tend to find inexperienced women something of a pain to deal with... but if they find the girl in question particularly attractive, I don't think it's enough to stop them.
Sachi: That certainly has the ring of truth...
Yumiko: In which case, your sex appeal may have been insufficient to the task, Komine-san.
Sachi: My sex appeal...?
Yumiko: Well, considering your habitually maid-like demeanor, I would expect those of a more sadistic persuasion to find you irresistibly erotic...
Yumiko: But perhaps Kazami-kun's standards are higher, what with that attractive older woman who's always hanging around him. Perhaps it would be wiser to actively emphasize your sensual side...
Sachi: I'm afraid that may be easier said than done...
Yumiko: Hold on just a moment. I'll use my computer and see if I can find anything that might provide a useful point of reference...
Sachi: Ah, carrying around a laptop so as to enable on-the-fly browsing of pornographic websites? That's our Sakaki-san for you.
Yumiko: I just thought it might prove useful during our discussion!!
Yumiko: In any case, we may encounter some rather extreme terminology and images... Please do brace yourself.
Sachi: ...Of course. Full speed ahead!
Makina: Uuu. Why does everythin' on the teevee at this hour always hafta be such borin' crap...?
Amane: Well, the only shows you and Sacchan enjoy are gruesome, chaotic, or both...
Makina: What insolence! Every week, Tunafish Man an' Professor Dave deliver pulse-poundin' entertainment totally incomparable to this color-by-numbers drivel!
Sachi: ......
Amane: Huh? Sacchan, why're you in uniform?
Yumiko: Ah, yes... the two of us were just studying a little.
Amane: And you went all the way to the classroom to do it?
Sachi: Yes. With no distractions, it proved much easier to concentrate.
Yumiko: Indeed...
Amane: So what's with the thousand-yard stares, then...? Everything okay?
Yumiko: ...Nothing to concern yourself over. A little rest and we'll recover.
Sachi: Yes, no cause for alarm. Garter belts go perfectly with a maid uniform, after all.
Amane: ...G-Garter belt?
Makina: I see how it is! This studyin' session was all a pretense for a private porno party!
Yumiko: ...Yes, maybe so.
Makina: Whuh!? Yumi-chan, of all people, brushed off my teasin'...? Don't tell me th' girl suddenly attained enlightenment!?
Amane: That would be, uh, pretty impressive...
Makina: Anyhoo, Onii-chan sure is friggin' late today...
Amane: It's hardly the first time he's been out late on the job, but he always used to get back the same evening...
Michiru: D-Don't tell me he's off messing around with that blond woman...
Amane: Michiru! His girlfriend's in the room, remember? Don't say stuff like that even as a joke!
Michiru: Aah, right... Sorry, Sachi...
Sachi: Yes, think nothing of it. Here's your chilled barley tea.
Michiru: Uh, the girlfriend in question seems to be the calmest person in the room...
Amane: Very true...
Makina: Sacchin, ain'tcha worried about Onii-chan?
Sachi: Well, JB-san did say they'd be back rather late.
Michiru: This is way past "rather late," you know? And it's raining, too...
Amane: It hasn't been that long since Sacchan went missing, so it's hard to help feeling a little worried...
Sachi: I'm truly sorry... I caused everyone a great deal of distress...
Amane: Aah, no! You really don't need to apologize anymore, Sacchan.We're not blaming you or anything, okay?
Michiru: Yeah, 'course not. We're just worried about Yuuji, that's all.
Sachi: I do understand your feelings, everyone, but please rest assured. I'm quite sure Yuu-kun will return.
Makina: What makes ya say that?
Sachi: Because Yuu-kun's never broken a promise with me.
Makina: Not even once?
Sachi: That's correct. Even on that unfortunate occasion when I caused everyone so much trouble, he came to meet me in the end. Just as he said he would.
Sachi: And today, Yuu-kun promised me that he would return...
Sachi: Therefore, I'm not worried in the slightest.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Huh? Is it just me, or was Sachi kinda cool just now?
Amane: Yeah... Now I'm kind of embarrassed for making a fuss... Some "big sister" I am.
Makina: So this is th' iron will of a woman in love...
Sachi: ......
JB: We're at the dorm, Yuuji.
Yuuji: ...Okay. Thanks.
Narration: *Opening my eyes at the sound of JB's voice, I reach down to unfasten the seat belt strapped across my body.*
JB: Sorry about that. I knew this one was going to take a while, but I wasn't planning on keeping you out 'til midnight.
Yuuji: Not like you have anything to apologize for. This is hardly the first time I've spent an entire day on standby.
JB: But I feel a little bad for Sachi...
Yuuji: Sachi... Right.
JB: You should make it up to her, all right? Take her out on a date tomorrow, maybe.
Yuuji: A date?
JB: Well, yeah... It's summer, after all. Why don't you take her to the beach or something? I'm sure she'd be happy.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Come to think of it, something like that might be called for right about now. Our first date was a pretty casual, low-effort affair, after all.*
JB: ...Seems like you're considering it.
Yuuji: Yeah. We'll see what happens.
JB: Heheheh. All right then, good work today.
Yuuji: Right... Thanks for the ride.
Sachi: Welcome back, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *As I'm watching JB's car screech off into the distance, Sachi calls out to me from beside the school gate.*
Yuuji: Sachi... please don't tell me you've been out here all night.
Sachi: No, I've only been waiting a little while. I had the feeling you'd be coming home fairly soon, you see.
Yuuji: A little while, huh...
Narration: *Don't know exactly what a "little while" is for Sachi...*
Narration: *But her hair's visibly damp, and it hasn't been raining for some time.*
Yuuji: Anyway, thanks for coming out to meet me.
Sachi: ...Yes. It was the least I could do.
Narration: *Instead of speaking my thoughts, I drop my hand onto Sachi's head and ruffle her hair. Soon enough, I receive a small, satisfied smile in return.*
Sachi: Incidentally, have you already had dinner?
Yuuji: No, haven't eaten yet.
Sachi: In that case, I have something I prepared ahead of time. I'll get it ready right away.
Yuuji: ...All right. That'd definitely be a help this time.
Sachi: In addition, I arranged with the others to ensure the grand bathroom remained available. You can bathe as soon as you please.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Sachi: Ah, please excuse me... Was I slightly too forward?
Yuuji: No, but you're really obliging tonight, even for you. Almost like a genuine maid.
Sachi: ...Yuu-kun, do you dislike maids?
Yuuji: Wouldn't say that... but I do feel a little awkward getting waited on hand and foot.
Sachi: Please don't trouble yourself on that count. At the moment, I'm acting as your girlfriend first and a maid second.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Kind of feels like she's just dancing around the issue, but I guess it's a coherent argument.*
Sachi: For the moment, please do come inside before the rain picks up again.
Yuuji: Yeah. Sounds like a plan.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: I'm very glad you came home safe and sound...
Sachi: ......
Yumiko: ...Kazami-kun returned?
Sachi: Yes. And as per your advice, Sakaki-san, I successfully lured him to the bath after his meal.
Yumiko: Well done, Komine-san. Just the sort of operational discipline I expected from you.
Sachi: No, no. It's all thanks to your flawless strategy.
Yumiko: My contribution wasn't anything special, but... from this point on, all you need to do is put what you learned in the classroom into practice.
Sachi: Indeed. I, Komine Sachi, shall now make full and unsparing use of everything you have taught me!
Yumiko: ...Good luck to you. I'll keep my fingers crossed...

Yuuji: Haah...
Narration: *Wiping a few beads of sweat from my forehead, I sink into the bathtub down to the neck and let my muscles relax.*
Narration: *I ended up stuck on the job for twelve straight hours today. Ultimately, the "rat" we were waiting for never showed, so I spent every minute of that on standby.*
Narration: *After holding the exact same position for all that time, my body's aching and stiff all over. In my experience, a long soak in hot water is the best way to fix that.*
Yuuji: "Changed," huh...?
Narration: *JB said her observation applies to the both of us, but I'm not really aware of anything that different about my behavior.*
Narration: *Then again, I don't think she's wrong about Sachi...*
Narration: *The girl's gotten noticeably thoughtful about the situations she finds herself in. And she's been asking questions on her own initiative, actively seeking to understand the meaning of people's actions.*
Narration: *I didn't see much of either from Sachi before. They represent clear changes in her normally static pattern of behavior.*
Yuuji: ...Now we just have to see what kind of results they bring.
Sachi: How's the temperature of the water, Yuu-kun? Not too hot?
Yuuji: Yeah. No problems.
Sachi: I'm glad to hear it.
Yuuji: ...Okay, hold on a second.
Sachi: Yes?
Yuuji: How long have you been in here?
Sachi: Uhm... since you muttered "Changed, huh...?" to yourself.
Yuuji: I wasn't completely off-guard, either... How'd you sneak up on me like that?
Sachi: Maki-chan and I once practiced moving silently at some length. I was simply applying the fruits of our labors.
Narration: *Easy enough to talk about "moving silently," but in practice walking without producing a sound is very nearly impossible. Stealth requires a great deal of skill, especially when approaching an alert opponent.*
Narration: *And Sachi managed to get this close without tipping me off... That joke about her being a "spy in maid's clothing" doesn't seem quite so funny anymore.*
Yuuji: ...All right, so why did you sneak in here? You clearly knew I was taking a bath.
Sachi: Actually, that was my very reason for entering. I'm sure you're tired after working all day, Yuu-kun, so I thought I might wash your back.
Yuuji: Wash my back?
Sachi: Yes. As your girlfriend, it's only natural to show my gratitude for your labors.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *The exact connection between "showing her gratitude" and rinsing my back kind of eludes me, but Sachi brought up this proposal on her own. Whatever the details, I want to encourage that sort of initiative on her part.*
Yuuji: ...All right then. Appreciate it.
Sachi: Thank you very much. Please do come right this way.
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *I pull myself up out of the grand bath, then sit down on the bath stool as directed by Sachi.*
Sachi: Well then, I'm going to begin, Yuuji-sama.
Yuuji: Okay, I'm not Michiru...
Sachi: Yuu-kun, do you dislike being addressed respectfully?
Yuuji: ...I don't like it or dislike it, particularly. I just want to know where this is coming from.
Sachi: I'm setting the mood.
Yuuji: The mood, huh? Guess there's nothing for it, then.
Sachi: Yes. There's nothing for it.
Yuuji: ...On second thought, that makes no damn sense at all.
Sachi: Yuu-kun, you rolled into a counter...? A rather uncharacteristic comedic maneuver...
Yuuji: Forget my maneuvering. Does this "mood" really require you to talk to me like I'm some feudal lord?
Sachi: But of course. We need as much lewdness as we can possibly get.
Narration: *...I think there are ways to show gratitude that don't involve any "lewdness" whatsoever, but I suppose there's no need to press the point.*
Yuuji: ...All right, fine. We'll do it your way this time, Sachi.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Sachi: First of all, I'll be pouring some hot water over you...
Narration: *As soon as the words are out of her mouth, Sachi carefully picks up a bucket and dumps some pleasantly warm water over my shoulders.*
Sachi: ...Is the temperature all right?
Yuuji: Yeah. Feels fine.
Sachi: In that case, the soap will be next...
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Next, she thoroughly lathers my back with a layer of frothy soap.*
Sachi: Well then, please excuse me...
Narration: *And after this line, I feel a distinctly soft sensation against my back.*
Sachi: Mnn...
Narration: *At the same time, there's a nasal little moan not far below my ear.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Sachi... what the hell are you doing?
Sachi: I'm simply... washing your back, Yuuji-sama. Mmf...
Yuuji: From where I'm sitting, it seems more like a certain slutty maid's using me as a masturbation aid...
Sachi: Sheer prejudice on your part, sir. To be certain, I happen to be rubbing my nipples against you, so I may be moaning slightly... but I assure you, this is a perfectly effective method of washing your back.
Yuuji: I see. Well, as long as you're washing my back, I guess it's all good...
Yuuji: As if! Were you seriously expecting me to roll with this!?
Sachi: Au!
Sachi: How cruel, Yuu-kun... Why did you chop me?
Yuuji: Because you're attacking me with your tits out of nowhere. Isn't that the natural reaction?
Sachi: Uhm... to be honest, I think most men would be stupefied for a moment, then pump their fists in joy.
Yuuji: Hmm, might be right about that one, actually...
Sachi: In that case, I assume there's no problem.
Yuuji: ...No, look. I'm trying to ask why you felt the need to molest me like this.
Yuuji: I just want an explanation. You do have a reason for doing this, right?
Sachi: ...A reason...?
Yuuji: Yeah. I doubt someone who just had their first orgasm yesterday would think something like this up on the spur of the moment.
Sachi: Impressive, Yuu-kun... As always, it's as if you're reading my mind.
Yuuji: Spare me the misguided admiration and get to the explanation.
Sachi: Certainly...
Sachi: As a matter of fact, yesterday's events have been weighing on my mind ever since...
Yuuji: Yesterday's events? You mean when I got you off with my fingers?
Sachi: Yes... Specifically, that you stopped things there, instead of "getting off" yourself. I concluded the likely cause was my lack of sex appeal...
Sachi: And today, I decided to squeeze out every ounce of lewdness I possibly can in order to ensure that you reach orgasm as well.
Yuuji: Ah, now I get it...
Narration: *Come to think of it, she did seem a little uneasy after the fact. I guess this sudden aggressive approach makes sense given the context.*
Yuuji: ...So. Who put that idea in your head?
Sachi: Sakaki-san.
Yuuji: Ah, so it's... Wait, Sakaki? Seriously?
Sachi: Yes, I owe my strategy entirely to her. She suggested I lure you to the bathroom and attack using my body as a sponge.
Yuuji: ...You sure you don't mean Amane?
Sachi: No, I'm quite sure it was Sakaki-san. What's more, she listened to my worries with kindness and sympathy.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *That girl giving out advice, let alone in a "kindly" way, is definitely a little surprising...*
Narration: *But when you account for everything she's picked up from browsing the Internet all the time, Sakaki might well have Amane beat when it comes to second-hand knowledge about sex.*
Yuuji: In other words, I have cyber-Sakaki to thank for this...
Sachi: Yes. In general, she suggested it might be wise to capitalize on my pre-existing "maid" characteristic...
Yuuji: ...Can't deny that it stimulates the male lust for conquest.
Sachi: Indeed. I was quite relieved to learn that you're not a maidophobe, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *...So that's why she asked that question at the school gate earlier.*
Sachi: Uhm... now that I've explained, would it be all right for me to resume washing your body?
Yuuji: ...Before that, I want to clear up a misunderstanding of yours.
Sachi: Have I misunderstood something...?
Yuuji: Yeah. I thought I said this before, but you've got the wrong idea about why I stopped yesterday. It's not that I don't find you attractive.
Sachi: Is that so?
Yuuji: What, you want proof? All right. When you shove your naked tits against me, my body responds appropriately.
Sachi: In other words, even my naked body is sufficient to make you "haa, haa?"
Yuuji: Can't say I'm feeling the need to hyperventilate, but I am slightly turned on.
Sachi: ...I'm glad to hear that.
Narration: *Hearing my reply, Sachi smiles with evident happiness.*
Narration: *Imagining the girl earnestly plotting out methods to get me aroused, it's a little hard to hold back a wry smile of my own...*
Narration: *But then again, that kind of awkwardness might not be that atypical for an inexperienced young woman.*
Yuuji: ...All right, Sachi. Go ahead.
Sachi: Certainly. I, Komine Sachi, will now service you with all my heart.
Sachi: Uhm... first of all, we need lots of bubbles between us...
Narration: *Muttering to herself, Sachi once again squeezes up against my back.*
Sachi: Nn... nnn... nn...
Narration: *Slowly, she begins to rub herself against me.*
Narration: *Since her breasts aren't overly large cushions, most of my back is in close contact with her warm, wet skin.*
Sachi: Yuuji-sama... this isn't painful or uncomfortable in any way, is it?
Narration: *...Apparently, she's decided to resume the maid-master roleplaying as well.*
Yuuji: Generally speaking, mashing your tits against someone isn't going to cause them any pain.
Sachi: One never knows. What if my nipples were suddenly to reach 10 on the Mohs scale?
Yuuji: Think I'd have to take a pass on those...
Sachi: But worry not. At the moment, my breasts are no different from those you played with yesterday, Yuuji-sama...
Narration: *As she provides this helpful update in a slightly pleased tone of voice, Sachi scoots forward, pressing her body even closer to mine.*
Sachi: Slowly, gently, and thoroughly... mm...
Narration: *Her skin is soft and feminine, but also pleasantly firm, an enticing testament to her youth and health.*
Sachi: Nnn... mmm... haa...
Narration: *Sachi moves her body up and down against me in a steady rhythm. Apparently this is providing some stimulation to her nipples, judging from the way she's moaning every other second like some sort of erotic metronome.*
Sachi: Ah... haa, mmm...
Yuuji: ...Your breasts feeling a little ticklish?
Sachi: Yes... I think they've become a little more sensitive than usual since you touched them yesterday, Yuuji-sama...
Narration: *...Guess that means I managed to give her sex drive the jumpstart it needed?*
Sachi: Well then... I'll now begin washing the front as well...
Yuuji: Uh, I think...
Narration: *"I can do that myself."*
Narration: *But before the words leave my mouth, I stop myself.*
Narration: *Sachi and Sakaki put effort into this "plan." Rejecting it outright feels wrong.*
Sachi: ...Thank you very much, Yuuji-sama.
Narration: *Clearly guessing my train of thought, Sachi offers words of gratitude as she wraps both arms around me.*
Sachi: So this is Yuuji-sama's chest...
Narration: *Her hands settle briefly against my breast, then slide smoothly down my body, their touch firm but gentle.*
Sachi: Wah... Yuuji-sama, your stomach is amazing. It's all bumpy, like the surface of a melon bun...
Yuuji: I understand what you mean, but was that seriously the best analogy you could think of?
Sachi: Let's see... Like a tray of takoyaki wrapped in a plastic―
Yuuji: ...Okay, forget it.
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *A tinge of disappointment in her voice, Sachi continues to move her hands down my body. But as she reaches the area under my belly button, that progress comes to an abrupt halt.*
Sachi: Uhm... Yuuji-sama...
Yuuji: ...So you're going to wash that too?
Sachi: It would be no exaggeration to call seizing control of this area my primary objective. After all, the entire purpose of this exercise is to pleasure you, Yuuji-sama.
Yuuji: ...Right, so it is.
Sachi: W-Well then... please pardon me...
Narration: *Her voice trembling slightly with tension, Sachi lets one hand fall lower still.*
Sachi: ...!
Narration: *And in the moment that hand reaches its destination, I hear Sachi draw a sharp breath.*
Yuuji: Guess this'd be the first time you've touched a penis. What do you think?
Sachi: Softer than I had expected... almost like a marshmallow. It's somewhat cute...
Yuuji: A marshmallow, she says...
Sachi: But this isn't in an "erect" state yet, correct?
Yuuji: That's right. Use your hands to make me horny, and it'll get a lot bigger.
Sachi: I understand... In other words, an even lewder approach is called for...
Narration: *Nodding to herself, Sachi draws a long, deep breath.*
Sachi: Please, Yuuji-sama... be so kind as to chastise me with your stout rod of discipline...
Sachi: A filthy maid like myself, who gets aroused washing her master's back... deserves an appropriately filthy punishment...
Narration: *As she delivers clearly rehearsed lines that could have come straight out of a low-budget porno script, Sachi's hand gently creeps around her objective.*
Narration: *The simultaneous auditory and tactile stimulation is enough to get the blood gathering in my penis.*
Sachi: Ah... Yuuji-sama, you're getting bigger by the second... 
Yuuji: Still not as big as it's going to be. Keep touching it like that and you'll see.
Sachi: Y-Yes... of course...
Yuuji: ...It's just an erection. You really that astonished?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Inside Sachi's hand, a part of my body rapidly swells and stiffens.*
Narration: *Apparently she finds this sensation bizarre, exciting, or both. Rather than responding to my question, she peeks around my back at her hand, eyes wide as saucers.*
Sachi: It really did... get big...
Yuuji: Yeah. Congratulations, I'm aroused.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: Pretty different from how it was a minute ago, huh?
Sachi: Yes... The marshmallowy cuteness has vanished without a trace...
Narration: *Personally, I don't think that's much of a loss...*
Sachi: And what's more, it's grown extremely hot... Is everything all right?
Yuuji: Yeah. That's a natural side-effect of all that blood concentrating down there. Doesn't hurt or anything.
Sachi: Is that so...? A penis is a mysterious thing indeed...
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi's fingers lightly trace the sensitive fold of skin just under the glans.*
Sachi: Wah... Mr. Penis just twitched...
Yuuji: Well, yeah... because I moved it.
Sachi: You can move it?
Yuuji: ...A little, sure.
Sachi: ...Right face!
Yuuji: Not happening!!
Sachi: I see... so a twitch or two may be possible, but a right face is beyond the realm of possibility...
Narration: *Her eyes full of curiosity, Sachi gingerly pokes at the tip of my glans with one finger.*
Yuuji: It's not a prehensile tentacle from some old B-movie, woman... I mean, wouldn't it be more gross than anything else if it really could move around like that?
Sachi: To be certain, the idea strikes me as somewhat creepy...
Yuuji: ...Well? Were you just planning to get me erect and call it a day?
Sachi: ...Ah! That's right!
Narration: *Mumbling to herself as if the thought had completely slipped her mind, Sachi refocuses on the task at hand and firmly grasps my genitals.*
Sachi: Well then, uhm... I'd now like to begin servicing you in earnest...
Sachi: But as it so happens, this will be the first time I've touched a penis... If my efforts are lacking in some respect, I would welcome and deeply appreciate your guidance.
Yuuji: Yeah. Got it.
Sachi: W-Well then...
Narration: *After providing this formal disclaimer, Sachi timidly begins to move her hands.*
Narration: *Her first strokes are experimental and apprehensive, trying to find the right balance of strength and speed.*
Sachi: ...Is this about the right intensity?
Yuuji: Well... you could do it a little more vigorously than that, actually.
Sachi: More vigorously...
Yuuji: ...Ghh!
Sachi: Wah! I do apologize... That was a little too strong, I assume?
Yuuji: Yeah. I think I've gained a bit of insight into the horrors of genital mutilation...
Sachi: P-Please accept my sincere apologies...
Sachi: U-Uhm... this time... I'll do it nice and gently, like Yuu-kun did for me...
Narration: *Sachi takes a deep breath, then slowly begins to move her hand up and down against me.*
Sachi: This big thing... is Yuu-kun's penis...
Sachi: I can feel veins bulging against the surface... It's almost like holding a small creature in my hand...
Narration: *While gradually warming to the task, she offers her observations on the male genitalia to no one in particular.*
Sachi: Mm... mmn... haa... mm...
Narration: *Repeating the same basic strokes over and over with increasing confidence, Sachi eventually cuts off the play-by-play commentary.*
Narration: *The girl's fundamentally quick on the uptake in many respects, and apparently this is no exception.*
Sachi: But... it's not painful to have it rubbed this much?
Yuuji: Not really. This level of stimulation isn't going to cause pain unless you do it for a really long period of time.
Sachi: In that case... perhaps slightly stronger...
Narration: *Sachi's grip on my penis grows noticeably firmer, exponentially increasing the stimulation each stroke provides.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *The sudden increase in intensity catches me slightly unprepared, and I emit a quiet grunt of pleasure.*
Sachi: ...Does that feel good, Yuuji-sama?
Yuuji: Yeah. Think that's just about right.
Sachi: Very well. Just about this intense it shall be...
Narration: *Sachi closes her eyes for a brief moment and adjusts her grasp. Using the exact same force as her experiment just before, she resumes her earlier stroking movements.*
Sachi: Mmf... mm... mmm... haa...
Narration: *Well lubricated by the soap in Sachi's hand, my penis receives a good deal of pleasure just from the smooth, cyclical motions of her palm.*
Sachi: Uhm... do you have any other... specific requests?
Yuuji: Let's see... How about adding some variation to the speed and intensity of your strokes?
Sachi: Variation... I see...
Narration: *After replenishing the supply of bubbles on her palm and carefully considering my words, Sachi resumes her ministrations, adding unpredictable changes to her previously routine movements.*
Sachi: Mm... mm... s-something like this, perhaps?
Yuuji: Yeah. You're doing good.
Sachi: ...Thank you...
Narration: *...The way she squeezes down a little every time I give her something resembling a compliment is kind of cute.*
Sachi: Uhm... and now, just as I rehearsed with Sakaki-san...
Narration: *Mumbling vaguely to herself, Sachi lets her free hand fall from its resting place on my shoulder to brush against my right nipple.*
Sachi: From what I hear, these are sensitive for men, too.
Yuuji: Uh, true enough, but...
Sachi: Excellent. In that case, I'll pleasure your chest as well...
Narration: *Still stroking my penis, Sachi runs the fingers of her right hand playfully over my nipples.*
Narration: *Not exactly the sort of thing I'd expect from a virgin, but it seems I've underestimated the educational potential of the Internet.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... mmm...
Narration: *Sachi's increasingly vigorous movements bring our bodies in closer contact. As her skin rubs against my back, she stifles sweet little moans.*
Yuuji: No need to hold back. You can start enjoying yourself as well.
Sachi: W-Would that truly be appropriate...?
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm not really your "master," remember? We're a couple.
Sachi: You're very kind, Yuuji-sama...
Narration: *Whispering softly into my ear, Sachi leans all the way forward and embraces me tightly.*
Narration: *For once, the weight and heat of a human body pressing against me doesn't seem like a burden. Quite the opposite... I feel something like peace of mind.*
Sachi: Well then, I'm going to continue...
Narration: *After holding the hug for a few moments, Sachi reaches down and gently resumes her caresses.*
Sachi: Mmm... I must say... my breasts do feel quite nice...
Narration: *Carefully moving her hands exactly as I instructed earlier, she offers her honest impressions of the experience for no apparent reason.*
Sachi: Ahya... ah, hah... mmm...
Narration: *And her little moans come louder and more frequently than before, now that she has my explicit permission to enjoy this.*
Sachi: Nmmf... *Smack*... schlrp...
Narration: *As Sachi's voice takes on a distinctly sensual tone, I feel a wet, soft sensation on the back of my neck.*
Yuuji: Sachi... seriously?
Sachi: Yesh... tonight, mmf... I'll use my entire body in your service...
Narration: *As soon as the words are out of her mouth, she drags her hot tongue slowly across the scruff of my neck.*
Sachi: Slrp... mm, *Smack* *Smack*... nhaah...
Narration: *Her lips tickle teasingly against my skin, adding a subtle new element to the haze of pleasure settling over my mind.*
Narration: *And this is her first time touching a penis? She's seriously way better at this than she should be.*
Yuuji: Can't believe you got this far with just dirty videos and hearsay to work off... You're something else, Sachi. 
Sachi: Hmm... it feels as though you're implicitly calling me a dirty girl... but I can't help but enjoy your compliments, Yuuji-sama.
Sachi: Allow me to return the favor by pleasuring you even further...
Narration: *And suddenly, she's picked up the pace, vigorously pumping my penis through her soft fingers.*
Sachi: Nhaah... *Chlrp* *Slurp*... *Smack*...
Narration: *Diligently making use of what she's learned so far, Sachi begins an intense three-pronged attack on my cock, chest, and neck.*
Sachi: *Shck* *Smack*... *Slurp*... *Smch*...
Narration: *Barraged by stimulation, I feel an orgasm starting to rise inside me.*
Yuuji: Sachi... I'm going to come soon...
Sachi: Mm... by "come," you're referring to ejaculation, yes?
Yuuji: Yeah. In other words, the proof you've made me feel incredibly good.
Sachi: In that case, I'll redouble my efforts...
Narration: *Mumbling the words more to herself than me, Sachi throws her entire body into the effort.*
Sachi: Ah... mm, mm... *Smack*... *Slrp*...
Narration: *The sheer passion of her movements conveys her fervent desire to please me, nicely complimenting the physical pleasure they bring.*
Yuuji: Feels good, Sachi...
Sachi: Mmf... *Smack*... I'm also... starti'g to feel 'ike I did yeshrday...
Narration: *I can feel Sachi's lower abdomen growing warm against my back, and her body begins to twitch slightly with every movement. She must not be far from a climax herself.*
Sachi: *Smack*... nam... ha, mmn... my... waist's gone numb...
Narration: *Sachi clings closely against me, as if searching for a rock in the storm. Her heated whispers brush against my ear from point-blank range.*
Narration: *It's alluring enough to push me right to the very edge.*
Sachi: Nhaah! Ah, I feel so strange... my body's... all funny...
Yuuji: It's fine... Don't get nervous. Just remember how it felt yesterday...
Sachi: Yes! Mm, uhm... then, please... this time, I want to do it together...
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: Ahn! Ah, hah... aah... ah, nnn!
Sachi: Nhah, Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun...!
Narration: *Apparently forgetting about her little roleplaying exercise, Sachi calls out my name in a voice thick with emotion.*
Yuuji: ...Kh! Sachi!!
Sachi: Y-Yuu-kun!!
Sachi: Nhaah! Aah... aah, aaaaaaaaah!!!! 
Narration: *In that moment, a blissful numbness spreads through my lower body, and I ejaculate heavily into her warm hand.*
Sachi: Nhaaah! Ah, haah... mmm...
Narration: *Behind me, Sachi's body trembles violently as she savors the lingering pleasure of her own orgasm.*
Sachi: Mm... mh... this is your sperm, Yuu-kun...?
Yuuji: That it is.
Sachi: It's astonishingly hot...
Sachi: And there's so very much of it...
Narration: *Gazing at the semen covering her hand with an expression of intense interest, Sachi rolls it around with her fingertips.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Because you made me feel incredibly good, Sachi.
Sachi: I'm very glad to hear it...
Sachi: In that case, my labors were truly worthwhile in the end.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *When she emerges from the grand bath a few minutes after me, Sachi's beaming smile is noticeably more energetic than usual.*
Yuuji: ...You're in a good mood.
Sachi: Indeed. I succeeded in my original objective and repaid Sakaki-san's kindness. I'm sure she's watching me with a smile at this very moment.
Yuuji: Is she supposed to be dead, or just a voyeur?
Sachi: And of all things, you even washed my body after the fact...
Narration: *That was basically an attempt at appeasing my guilty conscience after leaving her hands covered in semen, but whatever...*
Narration: *Sachi clearly wasn't expecting anything of the sort, so I guess my minor act of courtesy made her unusually happy.*
Yuuji: Have to say, I don't think there are many virgins out there who'd be able to pull off a body-sponge that well. Let alone make a man come using nothing but their hands.
Sachi: Indeed. I owe the success of this seemingly reckless plan entirely to the passionate instruction of my good friend Sakaki-san.
Yuuji: Guess I owe her one, then...
Sachi: And now that we've gotten this far, there's nothing left but the real thing... If you get horny, please feel free to have your way with me at any time.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Might be polite to give her a firm "leave it to me!" at this point... but unfortunately, I'm not quite so obliging as to go around promising people I'll sexually assault them.*
Yuuji: Anyway, you feeling a little relieved now?
Sachi: Yes. I'm very happy to know that I'm capable of pleasuring you, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ...Well, seems you're in a pretty good mood already, but I've actually got another little treat for you.
Sachi: Some sort of surprise? Wait, don't tell me... are you by any chance going to adopt the maid uniform as well!?
Yuuji: I said a treat, not a horror show. Let me take you on a date to the beach tomorrow.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...Sachi? You listening?
Sachi: Hah! ...I do apologize. I was so shocked that I entirely forgot to respond...
Yuuji: I'd laugh at this point, but I know you're completely serious...
Narration: *She looks pretty pleased, though. Inviting her seems to have been the right choice.*
Yuuji: So anyway, I guess that means you're up for the beach?
Sachi: Yes. All green, sir!
Narration: *Sachi bends an elbow and strikes the same emphatic salute she used in our earlier training session.*
Narration: *Her almost childish enthusiasm is blatantly obvious from the tone of her voice alone. She's not just "pleased," she's genuinely excited.*
Yuuji: By the way, if there's something on your mind, you can talk to me about it next time.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: You said it yourself, didn't you? You're my girlfriend first.
Yuuji: I might be a pretty half-assed excuse for a human being, but I do know how to listen when the people I care about talk.
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Not that I'm asking you to tell me everything... Just want you to know there's no need to be so reserved.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ...You understand what I'm telling you?
Sachi: Yes... Thank you very much, Yuu-kun.

Date: *August 6, 2011, 04:43 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: ......
Narration: *I'm standing a few feet away from my front door, about to head out for my daily run, when Sachi barges into the room without so much as a knock.*
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *This abrupt face-to-face encounter is followed by a long moment of silence.*
Sachi: Wah... it seems Yuu-kun's awake already!
Yuuji: Okay, that was a little forced.
Sachi: Not at all... My intention was to wake you up, and I entered on the sincere assumption you were still asleep. I really am quite shaken up at the moment...
Narration: *...She doesn't really look perturbed in the slightest, but I guess that's par for the course.*
Yuuji: I don't get it. You know I'm usually awake by now, don't you?
Sachi: Come to think of it, I don't believe I've ever known you to sleep in...
Yuuji: Yeah. When you've got a fixed routine like mine, you don't even need an alarm clock to wake up at the same time every day.
Sachi: You never cease to impress me, Yuu-kun. I'm tempted to officially advocate for a new proverb in your honor. To wit: "The Yuujiest bird gets the worm!"
Yuuji: Very original... Anyway, why'd you decide to come wake me up all of a sudden?
Sachi: As a matter of fact, I happened to briefly peruse some manga I found while cleaning Michiru-sama's room...
Sachi: From what I read in them, it seems that a girlfriend must shake her sleepy-headed boyfriend awake every morning while muttering "Geez, you're so hopeless."
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *I think there are probably a pretty decent number of perfectly happy couples that don't quite fit that mold in the real world, but it certainly sounds like the sort of thing Michiru would enjoy.*
Sachi: Ah... I almost forgot. Good morning, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *Somewhat belatedly, Sachi offers me a greeting and slight bow.*
Yuuji: We've been talking for five minutes already, you know...
Sachi: Even so, Mom and Dad always used to tell me that it's important to make your first "hello" of the day a cheerful one.
Narration: *Trying to follow your parents' advice isn't a bad thing by any means, but I don't quite get the point of saying hello halfway through the conversation...*
Sachi: And what's more, today I had the opportunity to say my first "good morning" to Yuu-kun in particular. I'm quite pleased with myself.
Yuuji: Saying hello's enough to make you happy?
Sachi: Yes! From that alone, I have the feeling today will be a very good day indeed.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *The girl's pretty fired up first thing in the morning. At a guess, I'd say she's really looking forward to that date at the beach.*
Sachi: Incidentally... have you already eaten breakfast this morning?
Yuuji: No. Was just about to do my daily running first.
Sachi: Ah, yes. You do run a full sixteen kilometers every day, don't you?
Yuuji: Well, want to try tagging along today?
Sachi: I truly appreciate the invitation, but... since we'll be going on a date today, I was planning to clean the grand bathroom this morning.
Yuuji: Makes sense...
Narration: *I briefly thought running with Sachi might be kind of enjoyable in a way, but come to think of it, jogging around town at dawn with a girl in full maid uniform probably would have earned me a few odd looks.*
Yuuji: In that case, better get started before Amane gets up.
Sachi: Indeed. Well then, please excuse me.
Narration: *With those words and a demure bow, Sachi quietly leaves my room.*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Recently, the girl's started letting her emotions show more openly in her tone and attitude.*
Narration: *...The most striking examples being yesterday's "service" and today's invasion of my room.*
Narration: *What's more, she's asking more questions and thinking things over more thoroughly than before. Never used to notice Sachi lost in thought, but these days it's not an uncommon sight.*
Narration: *And most promising of all, some of this is beginning to happen spontaneously. I can't think her little raid just now had anything to do with any of my orders.*
Narration: *She's changing through the expression of her own free will, not in obedience to someone else's instructions.*
Yuuji: ...Which means it probably won't be too long until she finds herself facing a critical question.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: All that's left is a quick rinse... This didn't take nearly as long as I had expected.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: I know. Since saying good morning to Yuu-kun was so enjoyable, I'll use the remaining time to go greet everyone else as well!
Sachi: First off... Amane-san and Maki-chan...
Sachi: It's not locked? That's a little careless...
Sachi: ...Good morning!!
Amane: Uwah!!! W-What the―!?
Makina: S-Shaddup! Airhead tits-fer-brains! What kinda moron goes stickin' their head up durin' an air raid!? Make like a stinkbug and scuttle to th' nearest bomb shelter!!
Amane: Air raid!? And, uh... I don't think we have a bomb shelter in this dorm anyway...
Sachi: Please calm yourselves. No carpet-bombing is in progress. It is I, Komine Sachi.
Makina: ...Uu? That voice defin'tely sounds like my soul sister Sacchin... but why would she be here this early? I'm still thinkin' air raid.
Sachi: Please rest assured. I simply woke up a little early today, and thought I'd use my spare time to say good morning to everyone.
Amane: ...Huh? You didn't have some urgent news or anything?
Sachi: That's correct. I really did just want to say hello.
Amane: T-That's it?
Sachi: Yes.
Amane: W-Well then, morning, I guess...
Makina: G-Good mornin' to ya...
Sachi: Yes. Good morning to you both.
Sachi: ...Well then, please have a nice day!♪
Amane: And there she goes... That was seriously all she wanted?
Makina: She seems kinda fired up fer some reason... Wonder if somethin' happened?
Amane: Your guess is as good as mine...
Sachi: Next would be Michiru-sama's room...
Sachi: Ah... the hem of my skirt is wet...
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Come to think of it, Yuu-kun often says "Still wearing the maid uniform, huh..." Perhaps he's grown bored with my repetitive choice of clothing...
Sachi: But everyone did urge me to wear these when possible...
Sachi: ...That's right. Since asking Sakaki-san's advice brought me such good results yesterday, this time I'll try consulting Michiru-sama!
Sachi: ......
Sachi: The door's locked...
Sachi: In that case...
Sachi: ............
Sachi: Good morning, Michiru-sama!!
Michiru: Zzz... zzz...
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama, it's morning. Time to get up.
Michiru: Mnya... Stupid Yuuji... That's not tsundere, it's Sun Dairy...
Sachi: ......
Sachi: ...Where's the goods?
Michiru: Uu...
Sachi: ...Where's the goods?
Michiru: Uuu...
Sachi: ...Where's the goods?
Michiru: ...Fwafh!? Wha... Sachi?
Sachi: ...Where's the goods?
Michiru: Ow! Owww!!
Sachi: Where's the goods?
Michiru: H-Hold on a second, Sachi! Why are you hitting me? What "goods!?"
Sachi: I do apologize, Michiru-sama. I had thought to stop by and say good morning, but you just wouldn't wake up.
Michiru: ...Is that really a reason to start smacking me?
Sachi: Also, you did seem to be rather enjoying your dream about Yuu-kun. That may have been a minor contributing factor...
Michiru: Contributing factor... Uh, that's obviously the entire reason! You were just jealous!!
Sachi: Jellos? Are you in the mood for some pudding pops, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: You're... so doing that on purpose...
Michiru: And another thing! I'm sure I locked my door before I went to sleep... How did you even get in here?
Sachi: I opened it!
Michiru: She opened it! Oh, well THAT explains everything! By the way, that beaming smile isn't helping your case here...
Sachi: More importantly, I'd like to consult you about something, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: ...Consult me? Really? This has to be the first time you've ever asked me for advice...
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Is it really...?
Michiru: Think so. You usually handle everything by yourself, after all.
Sachi: ......
Michiru: Well, whatever. Wouldn't do to turn down my innocent young friend's request... but I'm gonna get changed first, so gimme a sec.
Sachi: Yes. I've already taken the liberty of preparing your clothes.
Michiru: T-That's our Sachi for you...
Sachi: Well then, while you're getting into your outfit, I'll go wake Sakaki-san as well.
Michiru: Wake Yumiko...? Uh, I don't know if she's even gone to sleep yet.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: *Yawn*... Suppose it's about time I got some rest...
Yumiko: Wha-!? The d-door knob's... moving? 
Yumiko: W-What is this? A robber? In this school, of all places!?
Yumiko: But... it's locked. I'm sure they won't get in that easily...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Ah, did they give up?
Yumiko: Eek!
Michiru: ...All right, Sachi. I've made my preparations, so let's begin at once... The first tsundere conference is now called to order!!
Sachi: Excuse me, Michiru-sama. The matter I hoped to discuss actually has no connection whatsoever to the tsundere species.
Michiru: Huh? Seriously? I mean, you came to me, so what else could it be? I'm drawing a blank.
Sachi: Well, I wanted to consult you on matters of fashion...
Michiru: Fashion, huh... like your clothes and hairstyle or something?
Sachi: To be more specific, I would appreciate advice on my clothing.
Michiru: And you're asking me...?
Sachi: Yes. Who better to consult on such matters than Michiru-sama, the renowned trailblazing trendsetter of the fashion world?
Michiru: T-Trailblazing trendsetter... Yesss... I like the sound of that...!
Sachi: Indeed, I will freely admit to having sincerely admired your avant-garde aesthetic sensibility for quite some time now.
Michiru: Tehehe... You're very wise to place your trust in me, Sachi!
Michiru: Try asking Amane about something like this and you'd end up somewhere between "naked" and "indecent exposure," you know?
Sachi: To be perfectly frank, imitating Amane-san's style would require rather more in the bust depar―
Michiru: T-That's not it, Sachi! Our tits aren't tiny! Our bodies are developing at their own speed! We're just slightly late bloomers!!
Sachi: I don't believe I went so far as to say "tiny tits," but...
Michiru: D-Don't you worry about a thing! We'll get bigger! All we have to do is drink lots of milk...
Sachi: Michiru-sama... I have some bad news that I feel obligated to share. The popular theory that drinking milk encourages breast growth apparently has no scientific basis whatsoever...
Michiru: ...Huh? T-Then... where'd that rumor come from...?
Michiru: Hah!? A conspiracy! Is this an Illuminati plot to prop up the slumping dairy industry by deceiving girls with small breasts!?
Sachi: No, I think not.
Michiru: Huh...?
Sachi: In any case, Michiru-sama, am I correct to assume we've come all the way out to the classroom as a precaution against Maki-chan?
Michiru: Exactly. The dorm's no place for a sensitive discussion...
Sachi: Sakaki-san said much the same thing yesterday... It seems everyone is rather wary toward her.
Michiru: ...C'mon, it's THE Makina we're talking about here.
Sachi: Strangely enough, that's actually convincing... Maki-chan really is an amazing individual...
Michiru: They do say it's a thin line between a genius and a lunatic.
Sachi: Well put...
Michiru: Uh, we've gotten pretty sidetracked here... So what's your clothing question, then?
Sachi: As a matter of fact, it concerns my maid uniform...
Michiru: Aah, right, come to think of it... why d'you always wear the maid getup, even when you're not cleaning or whatever?
Sachi: Well... because you and the others told me to wear them when I can.
Michiru: ...Huh? That's it?
Sachi: Yes.
Michiru: So it's not that you like how they look on you... or, I dunno, you have to wear them or you transform into a giant monkey or something?
Sachi: The maid uniform is quite easy to move in, so I am rather fond of it... but there's certainly no absolute necessity for me to do so.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: J-Just how cooperative can one person get...? That was just a little suggestion. You don't have to take it as some sort of law...
Sachi: I-Is that so?
Michiru: I just meant "when you're in the mood," you know? I'm sure that goes for Makina and Amane too.
Sachi: ......
Michiru: I mean, you're a girl and all. There's probably plenty of other clothes you want to wear, right?
Sachi: Well... until now, that wasn't particularly the case...
Michiru: ...But it is now?
Sachi: Yes... Recently, Yuu-kun has made several comments about my persistent allegiance to the maid uniform, and it's begun to weigh on my mind...
Sachi: I've been debating whether I should perhaps experiment with wearing other clothes.
Michiru: Hmmm... now I get it.
Sachi: Perhaps it's strange for me to even consider such a thing...
Michiru: C'mon, of course not. Like I said, you're a girl. Wanting to look good is totally natural.
Sachi: Wanting to look good... is natural...?
Michiru: I mean, we are dealing with Captain Closemouthed here, so I doubt he's gonna make any outright complaints even if you do wear maid clothes for the rest of your life...
Michiru: But that said, he'd definitely be happy to see you in some cute new outfit. I guarantee it.
Sachi: In that case, uhm... do you think Yuu-kun would be pleased if I wore the clothes he bought for me?
Michiru: Wait... what? He bought you clothes?
Sachi: Yes, on our date the other day. I honestly felt somewhat guilty about his generosity, and haven't quite found the chance to wear them...
Michiru: Mention that first! Geez, if he gave you presents, of course you've got to wear them! The sooner the better!
Sachi: I-Is that how it works...?
Michiru: Listen up, Sachi. Doesn't matter how much you enjoy gazing at them inside your closet, Yuuji's not going to know about it!
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Very impressive, Michiru-sama. For the first time in a while, the scales have fallen from my eyes...
Michiru: I'm really not saying anything impressive here. You're just a little toooo straightlaced about this stuff, Sachi.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Michiru: Well, in any case, you did well to ask for my advice today.
Sachi: ...Did I?
Michiru: Yes, you did. After all, you're going to get your outfit for the day personally coordinated by THE Matsushima Michiru!♪
Sachi: ...Yes. I leave myself in your capable hands, Michiru-sama.
Yuuji: ...Hmm, three minutes left.
Narration: *I'm waiting for Sachi just outside the gate, where we'd arranged to meet up earlier this morning.*
Narration: *Sounded like Michiru was in her room a few minutes ago, but I doubt Sachi'd let that hold her up.*
Yuuji: That said, we've got to get going pretty soon or we won't catch the bus...
Narration: *I mutter to myself and glance at my watch, but in the next instant, there's the trotting sound of footsteps approaching from the direction of the dorm.*
Yuuji: ...Precisely on time as always.
Sachi: I do apologize for keeping you waiting. It took some time to change...
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *I turn around and find myself face-to-face with an unknown individual.*
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Uhm... is something wrong?
Yuuji: Who're you supposed to be?
Sachi: Err... unless that was intended as some sort of trick question, I believe the answer would be "Komine Sachi, your girlfriend."
Yuuji: True, you did an impressive job reproducing her face, but there's a fundamental flaw in your little disguise. The Sachi I know always wears a maid uniform.
Sachi: Until today, she did...
Yuuji: Say what?
Narration: *All right, don't jump to conclusions. Let's say she isn't lying. Is there any other way to explain this...?*
Yuuji: ...Did someone spike my tea?
Sachi: Uhm... is it really so surprising that I would wear clothes like these?
Yuuji: Downright shocking. Almost as bad as that one time where everyone else at the table started pouring sugar onto their natto instead of salt.
Sachi: That certainly would be shocking... Isn't mayonnaise the standard condiment for natto?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Considering her demeanor and willingness to roll with the conversation, it seems this really must be the genuine Sachi.*
Sachi: Then again, Dad always used to put soy sauce in with his mayo...
Narration: *...But seriously, I don't think I've ever had a simple change of clothes completely transform my impression of someone like this before.*
Narration: *In her school uniform she comes off as a well-bred class rep type, and in her other uniform she's the very picture of a maid...*
Narration: *But the Sachi before my eyes is the girl I knew when I was young. It's like I'm staring at a vivid memory from the days when she'd pull me around the playground.*
Sachi: ...So, are you convinced that I am in fact Komine Sachi?
Yuuji: Yeah, I am. But why'd you suddenly take off the maid uniform?
Sachi: Well... recently, I've noticed you making comments like "Still wearing the maid uniform, huh?" quite often.
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Just said what I was thinking.
Sachi: Therefore, I decided to show you a different side of myself... The way I look in the clothes you bought me.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Most likely, this nicely coordinated outfit has something to do with Michiru's visit to Sachi's room just now.*
Narration: *Not even a day after she got sex advice from Sakaki, come to think of it. Wouldn't have guessed it at first, but it seems this school is packed full of "helpful" types...*
Sachi: Also, you told me I could wear these clothes "when I feel like wearing them," Yuu-kun...
Sachi: And today, I felt like wearing cute clothes... because I'm going on a date with you.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *For the first time since I entered Mihama Academy, Sachi's wearing something other than a uniform.*
Narration: *And her motivation is the simple desire to show me how she looks in other clothes.*
Narration: *I should probably be celebrating her taking such clear action on her own initiative, but to be perfectly honest, I'm happier to know that she wanted to look nice for my benefit.*
Yuuji: I see. Thanks, Sachi.
Sachi: N-Not at all... I was very happy that you bought me such lovely clothing, so wearing it was the least I could do...
Narration: *I muss Sachi's hair around with my hand, and her face goes slightly pink.*
Yuuji: They're pretty sporty clothes, more or less the exact opposite of the maid uniform... but it actually works for you. You look good.
Sachi: Do you really think so?
Narration: *As soon as I express my thoughts, Sachi closes the distance between us in the blink of an eye, a serious expression on her face.*
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *Might sound a little overblown, but the clothes look so natural on her that I'd almost believe she's been dressing like this all along.*
Narration: *Of course, that's probably because I've still got a vivid mental image of the way she was as a kid.*
Yuuji: I mean, you know I'm not much good at flattery, right?
Sachi: Yes, I'm afraid your attempts at flattering people tend to come off as sarcasm instead.
Yuuji: ...Well, that's how it is.
Sachi: But in any case, I'm very happy that you like them.
Narration: *Even as she speaks, there's an irrepressible, energetic grin on her face.*
Narration: *It's not like her - in a good way. It's like I've caught a glimpse of the real Sachi, the person hidden behind her iron wall of self-denial.*
Yuuji: ...Perfectly fine with me if that's enough to make you happy, but the date hasn't even started yet.
Sachi: Indeed. I'm already bursting with anticipation!
Sachi: Let forever be just like today...♪ Gentle smiles everywhere you look...♪
Narration: *Unlike our group trip before summer break, today we caught a cross-town bus for a shaky ride to the sea. When we arrive, Sachi trots out onto the beach a few strides ahead of me.*
Narration: *Watching as she crouches down to play with the waves while softly singing her favorite song, I conclude that her good humor hasn't been dampened by the journey.*
Yuuji: ...Sounds like you're in a good mood, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes. My heart is throbbing with excitement at the prospect of witnessing you engage a shark in bloody mortal combat...
Yuuji: ...Sorry to disappoint, but that's not going to happen. Ever.
Sachi: In other words... instead of battling the shark to the death, you're choosing the thorny but rewarding path of struggling for interspecies friendship?
Sachi: Very impressive, Yuu-kun. Love and Peace!
Yuuji: I'm not going to comment on your reasoning there, but if a shark shows up anywhere near the swimming area, they'd obviously keep everyone out of the water.
Sachi: Come to think of it, I suppose you're right...
Narration: *That's really not something you should look disappointed about...*
Narration: *But anyway, Sachi's clearly much more fired up about this date than she was on the group trip. I can't exactly criticize her for being happy, even if her enthusiasm does tend to take slightly bizarre forms.*
Yuuji: Well, we're at the beach. So far, so good... What do you want to do first?
Sachi: I'm perfectly willing to do anything you'd like, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *...Even so, it seems she doesn't have any specific requests for me.*
Yuuji: Okay, let me ask you something... That trip before the break wasn't your first time at the beach, was it?
Sachi: No, it was not. Mom and Dad took me several times when I was young.
Yuuji: So what sort of things did you do back then?
Sachi: Let's see... I remember floating around on a swim tube, having water fights, and building sandcastles with Mom...
Yuuji: ...All right, a water fight sounds like a decent place to start.
Sachi: That's perfectly fine with me, but... does that really appeal to you, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: Sad to say, I'm pretty unfamiliar with this sort of thing...
Yuuji: Since neither of us have any proposals of our own, following your parents' example sounds like a decent idea. You're always saying how much you loved them, after all.
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: ...So unless you have some objection to the plan, I guess we should get changed into our swimsuits... What do you say, Sachi?
Sachi: But of course! You have my enthusiastic agreement!
Sachi: ...Thank you for waiting. I present Komine Sachi, swimsuit edition.
Narration: *I settled down to wait after stripping to my swimming trunks, but it's not even ten minutes before Sachi returns from the changing room.*
Yuuji: That was a pretty fast change of clothes, by female standards...
Sachi: Yes. In my fervent desire to finish as quickly as possible, I paid no heed to the risk of exposing myself.
Yuuji: Uh, I really think that warrants some heed-paying...
Sachi: I do apologize, but I couldn't help feeling extremely impatient to return...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Well, now I've completely lost the will to lecture her... I guess I'm a typical male in some respects.*
Sachi: Also... as I'm sure you've noticed, I'm wearing the same swimsuit as last time. Is that acceptable?
Yuuji: No need to worry about that. Novelty is always nice, but I don't want you splashing around the water in maid clothes or anything.
Sachi: Certainly. In that case, I'll leave the amphibious maid uniform's debut for another day...
Narration: *...How did I know?*
Yuuji: Also, as a risk-aversion measure, I'd like to avoid playing in densely occupied areas... That all right with you?
Sachi: ...Are you concerned about my safety, perhaps?
Yuuji: Yeah. No different from scuba diving or whatever, the first priority's making sure your buddy's safe.
Sachi: Buddy... In other words, I'm your "partner" for the day, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: I think you've misunderstood slightly, but whatever. Unless you have an objection, how about we get going?
Sachi: Yes. I'm fully prepared for anything, so if you'd like... we could find a nice, quiet place and―
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *Sachi's little flight of delusion comes to an abrupt halt as we make our way past the beach house. She freezes on the spot, staring fixedly at a nearby stall.*
Yuuji: Something wrong?
Sachi: Look at that, Yuu-kun. They're renting shark floats.
Yuuji: ...So they are. Okay, let's go.
Sachi: Look at that, Yuu-kun. They're renting shark floats.
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: You can just say you want one.
Narration: *Muttering in mild exasperation, I hand over a few bills to the white-haired old man behind the counter.*
Sachi: I do apologize... but these sharks were staring at me with their big sad eyes like a litter of abandoned kittens huddling under a bridge...
Yuuji: This strikes me as a slightly self-serving account of events.
Sachi: And what's more, they have everything from the nimble mako to the powerful hammerhead. Choosing only one is proving quite difficult...
Yuuji: Don't seem very interested in the Shachi orca, though.
Sachi: Of course not. Sachi and Shachi sound far too similar.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *The girl seems to have a fairly unique method of classifying sea life.*
Sachi: ...I have made my decision! Today is a whale shark day!
Yuuji: Sure about that?
Sachi: Yes indeed. Now that the matter is settled, let's return him to the sea at once!
Yuuji: ...Sounds like a plan.
Sachi: Look, Yuu-kun! I'm riding Mr. Shark!
Narration: *As we wade out from the shallows, Sachi slides herself on top of the shark float and calls out in a happy tone of voice.*
Yuuji: ...So you are. Looks fun.
Sachi: Is something the matter, Yuu-kun? You don't seem as energetic as before...
Yuuji: No, I think you've just gotten yourself worked up to a fever pitch...
Sachi: That may well be the case... Ever since I mounted this noble beast, my heart just won't stop pounding...
Sachi: Yes, if you'll allow me an analogy... I feel as mighty as Lu Bu atop his steed Red Hare, riding forth to conquer the three kingdoms...
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: I've been wondering this for a while now, but why do you love sharks so much?
Sachi: To explain in full would require approximately two hours... Would that be acceptable?
Yuuji: Do me a favor and squeeze it down to three minutes.
Sachi: Certainly. Well then, this will be a rather severely abbreviated version, but...
Sachi: The first present my mom and dad ever bought for me was a stuffed animal shark.
Yuuji: You wanted two hours to explain that...?
Sachi: Not at all. By all rights, my explanation would now proceed to the long and happy tale of how this initial affection for sharks slowly blossomed into undying―
Yuuji: Yeah, I think I'll take a pass on that... but rest assured, I'm now fully convinced that you're a shark fanatic without peer.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Narration: *...Should you really be thanking me for that one?*
Yuuji: Well, we're fated to part with Mr. Shark here in only three short hours. Better enjoy it to the fullest while you can.
Sachi: Yes. I plan to make full use of my shark ally in splashing you into submission!
Yuuji: ...Very well. You'd better come at me with the determination of a marine storming Vietnam's fearsome iron triangle.
Sachi: Just what I wanted to hear!
Sachi: Haa... haa... Y-Yuu-kun, you're too strong...
Narration: *Her stamina completely exhausted, Sachi trudges along at my side, moaning reproachfully.*
Narration: *The limp, deflated shark float under her arm eloquently tells the tale of our fierce and tragic battle.*
Yuuji: You lost because you stayed on that shark until the bitter end. It severely limited your mobility.
Sachi: And by contrast, you kept hiding under the water and launching guerrilla attacks... It was very difficult to anticipate where you'd appear next...
Yuuji: Yeah. A simple application of the underground tunnel strategy the VC adopted in reaction to the American reliance on Agent Orange and aerial bombing.
Sachi: Not only was your strategy superior, it was all too clear that I had no answer to your fearsome athleticism...
Narration: *Muttering to herself in a disappointed tone, Sachi drops limply to the sand and draws a few long, ragged breaths.*
Narration: *After that lengthy struggle, I guess it's only natural that she'd be a little tired.*
Yuuji: That said, you've got nothing to be depressed about. You did pretty damn good to hang with me as long as you did.
Sachi: T-Thank you very much...
Yuuji: Feel like taking a short break? We can put playing with sand on hold for a while.
Sachi: ...I'm fine, just fine! I can still go!!
Narration: *...What, now she's a bloodied boxer trying to convince the referee for another round?*
Yuuji: So you say, but I just saw you more or less collapse onto the ground...
Sachi: Even so, I'm perfectly fine. I simply used up all my water-fighting stamina! I've got a separate supply of energy for playing with sand!
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Sure, fine, let's leave it at that.*
Yuuji: ...All right. Since you're that determined, let's move on to the sandcastle.
Sachi: Indeed. On our previous visit, I happened to discover an ideal sand art spot, so let's make sure to capture it before someone else does.
Yuuji: ...Is that really going to be an issue?
Narration: *Sachi pushes herself off the beach and strides off with new-found determination. Mumbling a few dubious words to myself, I follow in her wake.*
Kid　A: Okay, see ya later, lady!
Sachi: Yep. Bye-bye.
Kid　B: You too, evil-looking guy!
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *After changing back into our street clothes, we say goodbye and watch the children scamper up the orange-dyed beach.*
Narration: *To our side towers a structure that's less a child's "sandcastle" and more a genuine castle of sand.*
Narration: *Apparently Sachi missed her chance to build some castle or other the last time we were here, so the two of us began reconstructing it, but...*
Narration: *Sachi's silent, diligent labors, reminiscent of a well-trained recruit digging some massive ditch, quickly attracted a bustling crowd of curious children. In the end, we integrated them into a large-scale operation.*
Yuuji: You're popular with the kids everywhere you go, aren't you...
Sachi: I'm not particularly conscious of that myself, but Maki-chan has commented that I project an aura of "approachability."
Yuuji: An aura of approachability, huh...
Narration: *Come to think of it, I felt something like that when I met her as a child.*
Sachi: In any case, their help allowed us to make quite a grand castle.
Narration: *Sachi gently runs a finger around one parapet of her masterpiece.*
Narration: *Her expression is filled with the satisfaction of an artist who's fulfilled their goal, but also tinged with a definite hint of fatigue.*
Yuuji: Looks like you used a lot of energy, though.
Sachi: Not at all. Ale-chan watched over me until the end, so my will remains strong even now.
Narration: *I'm going to guess that "Ale-chan" is her whale shark... Not sure when it got a name, though...*
Sachi: Ah... look at that, Yuu-kun. The sea's so beautiful!
Yuuji: Yeah, what with the setting sun and all...
Sachi: I had much the same thought on our previous visit, but... this scenery truly is wonderful...
Narration: *Smiling fondly, Sachi stares off into the vividly-colored horizon.*
Narration: *Watching her face from the side, it's almost enough to make me forget about the burdens she's carrying.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Sachi. You have fun today?
Sachi: Yes. It might very well have been the most fun-filled day of my life to date.
Yuuji: You enjoyed it that much?
Sachi: Yes. Water-fighting atop my trusty shark alone was great fun... and making this wonderful sandcastle brought me a deep sense of accomplishment...
Sachi: It was almost as if I was a child again, playing with you in the park all day long.
Narration: *Sachi expresses her feelings in unusual detail, gesticulating enthusiastically.*
Narration: *Her happiness is so obvious that I'm forced to give myself a mental pat on the back for inviting her.*
Yuuji: ...I see. That's definitely good to hear.
Sachi: ...What about you, Yuu-kun? Did you have fun?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Hadn't quite expected this question. For a moment, I'm at a loss for a response.*
Sachi: ...Is that... a no?
Yuuji: No, I did enjoy myself... Wasn't half bad messing around like a kid again.
Sachi: I'm very glad to hear it.
Yuuji: But why'd you ask?
Sachi: Well... because you've always had a tendency to get caught up worrying about what others think, Yuu-kun. To the point of neglecting to consider your own feelings.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *So that's how Sachi saw me as a kid...*
Yuuji: Maybe I did, back then. But people do change. You used to be a tomboy who'd pull people around the playground, remember?
Sachi: That's true... At the time, I was a very bad girl...
Yuuji: You really think so...?
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *As I suspected, Sachi's still plagued by regret. I'm more convinced than ever that she consciously blames herself for what happened.*
Narration: *Her voice has grown thick with grief, as if she's barely suppressing the desire to shout out bitter apologies.*
Yuuji: All right, guess that's enough reminiscing for one day. Let's get going before the buses stop running...
Sachi: ...!
Narration: *But when I cut off the conversation, Sachi jerks her head up to stare into my eyes.*
Yuuji: Something wrong?
Sachi: Ah, no... Nothing in particular...
Yuuji: Okay then...
Narration: *Her reaction just now clearly suggested she had something to say, but I'm not going to drag it out of her. After a moment's pause, I begin to walk up the beach toward the nearby bus stop.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *In that instant, I feel something pulling on me from behind. When I turn back, Sachi's reached out with one hand to grab my sleeve.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *I call her name, but there's no immediate response.*
Yuuji: You have something you want to say?
Sachi: ...home... yet...
Yuuji: Hm?
Sachi: I don't... want to go home yet...
Yuuji: ...!
Sachi: I want to play with you more, Yuu-kun... Lots more...
Narration: *In response to my decisive "let's get going," she offers outright resistance.*
Narration: *There's no real logic behind her objection. It's a selfish, emotional demand, nothing more.*
Narration: *To hear such words coming from Sachi's mouth is so surprising that I find myself entirely lost for an answer.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *And even as the silence stretches on, her hand maintains its timid but steady grip on the sleeve of my shirt.*
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Her face is downcast, her eyes avoiding mine; I can't make out her expression, but I can tell that her cheeks have grown red.*
Narration: *Normally speaking, this would be nothing but a cute moment of selfishness, the sort of thing girlfriends are generally entitled to. But in this case, it represents a serious violation of Sachi's internal rules.*
Yuuji: I understand what you're saying, so could you let me go for a second?
Sachi: Ah...
Sachi: M-My apologies... Of course, right away...
Narration: *My words finally snap Sachi out of this little reverie, and she jerks her hand back as if bitten by a snake.*
Sachi: I do apologize... After all my talk about being a good girl, I said such a selfish thing...
Sachi: Uhm, that was entirely a slip of the tongue on my part... Please forget I said anything, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *Sachi bows in flustered apology, her voice tinged with regret.*
Narration: *Judging from her reaction, it's obvious that her behavior right now was a pure spur-of-the moment reflex. She clearly hadn't seen it coming any more than I had.*
Yuuji: ...Okay. I understand that was a "slip" on your part, but I can't promise you I'll forget it.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: Tell me something. If you knew it was a bad thing to do, why'd you grab my clothes in the first place?
Sachi: W-Well... because I enjoyed being with you so much...
Yuuji: Even so, there's no way you would have said anything like that before.
Sachi: You... may be right about that...
Yuuji: So why now? Why do you think you said that, Sachi?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: I don't know... I really don't.
Yuuji: ...So you haven't quite realized it yet, huh? Not consciously, at least.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: Okay, Sachi. I want to have a serious conversation.
Sachi: A serious... conversation?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *If Sachi's ever going to regain what she needs to be whole again, this is where things have to start. This is my chance.*
Narration: *Silently steeling myself, I stare directly into Sachi's eyes.*
Yuuji: ...Do you remember what I told you on the rooftop?
Sachi: On the rooftop...? The conversation we had on the first day of our relationship?
Yuuji: Yeah. I told you I was going to "help you be yourself," right?
Sachi: Yes... I remember everything you told me quite clearly.
Narration: *Sachi closes her eyes, as if to recall the scene in question.*
Yuuji: In other words, Sachi... I was saying that right now, you're not yourself.
Sachi: ...I'm not... myself?
Yuuji: That's right...
Yuuji: Blaming yourself entirely for events from your past, focused on being a more perfect "good girl" than anyone else...
Yuuji: Never asking for anything, keeping a tight lid on your own thoughts, obeying every order you receive like some kind of robot... That's the person you are today.
Sachi: ...!
Sachi: Yuu-kun, I... Do you know what happened...?
Yuuji: Of course. I know about the accident on your birthday, and I know how you've lived since then.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: That said, I'm not going to tell you the path you chose was wrong.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: Why do you look so surprised?
Sachi: B-But... you said I'm not myself anymore... I thought you were implying that was a bad thing...
Yuuji: ...Well, from a "normal" perspective maybe it would be. But unfortunately, I'm pretty warped myself.
Yuuji: I don't want to judge you. I just want you to realize something.
Sachi: ...Realize something?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: In other words, you have to find the answer on your own.
Sachi: Find the answer... by myself?
Yuuji: Why did you make that selfish request just now? What do I want you to realize?
Yuuji: And finally, how should you live from now on?
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: This is a formal request. And I know full well you can't turn it down.
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: You're a "good girl" who does what she's told, right? In other words, you're not going to refuse.
Sachi: But I―
Yuuji: That said, I don't care how long it takes for you to figure it out. It shouldn't be an unreasonable demand, since there's no deadline.
Sachi: That's certainly true...
Yuuji: So? Do you accept?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Yes. Certainly.
Yuuji: Thanks...
Narration: *It's a familiar exchange. Since I entered Mihama Academy, I've heard it dozens of times.*
Narration: *Faced with a request for help, Sachi nods her head and answers with the words "Yes, certainly." The gears shift in her head, and a new task assumes top priority.*
Narration: *Secure in the knowledge that my order has taken effect, I once more begin to walk up the beach.*
Narration: *On the bus back to Mishima Cape, we sit side by side in silence, gazing out the windows the whole way.*
Narration: *It's a slightly unfortunate way to finish the beach date Sachi had been so enthusiastic about. But in exchange, we've taken a crucial step forward.*
Narration: *For the first time, the pathological "good girl" was outright selfish. In return, I offered her three cryptic questions.*
Narration: *And what's more, she learned that I'm familiar with her past.*
Narration: *All of these events undoubtedly caught Sachi by surprise. Her head's likely packed full of questions, her mood unsettled and anxious.*
Narration: *She's confronting a change in herself that she can't understand, and struggling to decipher the meaning of the problem I've set for her...*
Narration: *And in these matters, there's no mathematical formula to apply in order to get a "correct" solution, no simple cause and effect like pulling a trigger to kill a human being.*
Narration: *For that very reason, Sachi has to find the answer herself.*
Narration: *To "realize" what she's overlooking.*
Narration: *―That's her only chance to regain something like normality.*

Date: *August 9, 2011, 11:16 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―An "everyday life" is like a tower of blocks built by a child.*
Narration: *In other words, a random assortment of materials in all sizes, shapes, and kinds, thrown together haphazardly into a structure that just barely manages to stay balanced.*
Narration: *When even a single block starts to tremble, the whole tower will begin to teeter dangerously, placing especially heavy stress on the pieces closest to the disturbance.*
Narration: *And the more crucial that block is to the stability of the whole, the more severe the disruption...*
Makina: Whut-ev'r shall I do, Ama-nee!? I was just playin' with my Professor Dave an' Tunafish Man figures, but Dave's arm got torn clean off!
Amane: Torn off? Just how the heck were you playing with those things...?
Makina: They were havin' an interspecies MMA tournament! Tunafish Man was tryin' to deliver an Argentine backbreaker, but Dave's arm didn't twist right...
Amane: ...Well, I guess we'll just have to stick it on with some super glue. Dunno if we have any, though...
Makina: We don't? Is all hope lost? Is Dave doomed to a one-armed life!?
Amane: Not to worry. Even if I don't have any, I'm sure Sacchan...  Oh, right...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Amane stops halfway through her sentence with a glance toward the window, where Sachi stands in full maid uniform, gazing vacantly out at the scenery.*
Narration: *After returning from our date three days ago, the girl's been constantly looking off into the distance with the dazed demeanor of some grizzled old soldier who's just discovered the war ended five years ago.*
Amane: ...Morning, Sacchan. Nice weather today, huh?
Sachi: Oh, yes... Mishima Cape will be clear in the morning but cloudy in the evening, with a 20% chance of rain...
Amane: Ah, that a fact... Guess I better dry out my futon while I can.
Sachi: While you're at it, perhaps you should dry some radishes and mackerel as well...
Amane: Y-Yeah... sure...
Narration: *That said, she still answers when you talk to her directly, if a bit oddly. Apparently, she's just lost in thought.*
Narration: *The first of the others to realize Sachi's abnormal condition was Michiru, understandably enough considering she's dependent on the girl's help for a good third of her daily routine...*
Narration: *But her vague report that "Sachi's acting kinda weird" spread throughout our small dormitory in the blink of an eye.*
Narration: *And after three straight days of this odd behavior, everyone's obviously begun to treat their communal maid a little gingerly, generally refraining from their normal barrage of requests.*
Amane: ...Guess we should go buy some at the convenience store after all.
Makina: Uuu, but Sacchin's totally got some. Goin' out to the store's such a waste of my sever'ly limited supply of effort...
Yuuji: I've got your glue right here.
Narration: *Stopping the pair just as they're making their way toward the front door, I hold up a small tube of super glue.*
Amane: Yuuji...
Makina: Yer the best, Onii-chan! Guess you ain't Sacchin's boyfriend for show after all!
Yuuji: While we're at it, I'll reattach Professor Dave's arm for you.
Makina: Whaaat!? Ya fer real!?
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm no surgeon, but I've got experience suturing level two lacerations. Leave it to me.
Makina: I got no friggin' idea what suturin' has to do with anything, but I'm totally convinced anyway!
Amane: ......
Narration: *I provide the glue they needed, and even reattach the good Professor's arm. Normally, this would be a satisfactory resolution to the matter, but Amane seems disinclined to give me a pat on the back.*
Narration: *Of course, I did give everyone a rough explanation once they noticed Sachi's strange behavior. But since I deliberately stayed vague on the details, it seems I haven't quite convinced them to passively sit on their hands.*
Yuuji: ...Got something to say? I'll listen.
Amane: Well, more like a question... What are you planning to do about this, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Didn't I already explain this? Until Sachi finds the answer on her own, I'm going to stand by and watch over her.
Amane: Okay, but doesn't that mean she could go her whole life without finding this "answer?"
Yuuji: ...Can't deny the possibility exists.
Amane: Also, if Sacchan stays this way too long, we're gonna have a bunch of problems on our hands...
Yuuji: Like what, specifically?
Amane: Michiru's diet is going to consist entirely of instant ramen.
Makina: She was squawkin' about how the washin' machine tore up her favorite blouse yesterday, ya know?
Yuuji: I see... So first of all, Michiru's going to hit a lifestyle crisis...
Amane: Not just Michiru. Sacchan's hard work is supporting all of us behind the scenes, you know?
Narration: *...Can't deny Amane has a point.*
Narration: *Apart from looking after the care and feeding of Michiru, Sachi's been more or less single-handedly maintaining the facilities of this school. In terms of her "duties," she's less a class rep and more a diligent janitor.*
Narration: *With no one playing that role, it's all too clear that the campus as a whole will soon be experiencing all sorts of difficulties.*
Yuuji: Understood. I'll take over the miscellaneous duties she's normally been taking care of.
Amane: Okay, but even if that solves our problem... it's not like Sacchan's gonna feel any better, right?
Yuuji: ...Well, probably not.
Amane: And she was just getting used to being your girlfriend... I thought she was looking a lot happier lately...
Amane: But now all of a sudden she's brooding constantly? It's a little hard to watch.
Makina: As Sacchin's self-declared bestest friend, it's hella painful to see her like this...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Even more than their words, the expressions on their faces convey keen concern for Sachi.*
Narration: *I can understand their feelings. Not that I'm planning to change course... but if this situation drags on too long, I'll have to consider trying to push things along.*
Michiru: Hey, Amane! The bathroom floor's kinda slimy and gross for some reason... You didn't squirt anything weird all over the place, did you!?
Amane: Hell no, y'little punk!!
Michiru: So why's it all slimy then?
Yuuji: Probably because it hasn't been cleaned.
Amane: Oh, right... The contractor's on summer vacation this week, so the dorm didn't get its normal scrubbing.
Michiru: And the cleaning Sachi does for us was always just a charitable donation...
Makina: So then―
Michiru: Until Sachi gets back on her feet, I guess we gotta just put up with a nasty bath...
Amane: ...Sorry, are you seriously not even considering the possibility of cleaning it yourself?
Michiru: C'mon, it's such a pain... and the floor's slippery, and... the floor's slippery...
Makina: True that! Every time she tries ta clean that sucker, Chiruchiru falls on her butt and gets lumps an' bumps all over!
Michiru: At this point, it has to be a divine message! God's telling me "thou shall not clean the bath!"
Makina: ...Hey, Chiruchiru. Ya finally gone off the deep end?
Michiru: Huh? I haven't been swimming in ages.
Amane: Michiru... I don't know what to say...
Michiru: Huh? What's with that look? Why does it feel like I'm getting pitied again!?!
Yuuji: ...All right. I'll take care of the grand bath.
Amane: Yeah, I can help out with the cleaning as well.
Makina: Naturally, I'll be taggin' along too!
Michiru: Guess I'll help out if everyone else is, and I don't mind if Yuuji wants to take over Sachi's jobs...
Michiru: But Sachi herself is the bigger problem here, okay? Do something! You are her boyfriend, remember?
Yuuji: I know where you're coming from, but...
Yuuji: This self-reflection is a phase Sachi has to go through right now.
Michiru: Yeah, so you keep saying! C'mon, don't you feel a little sorry for her?
Yuuji: Wouldn't say I pity her... But I'm aware that I'm making her go through something harsh.
Michiru: Then how about you stop!? Fine! If you're not going to do anything about this, I'll go ask Sachi mys―
Yuuji: Listen to me, Michiru.
Michiru: !?
Narration: *As an angry scowl spreads across Michiru's face, I grab her by the shoulders and stare straight into her eyes.*
Yuuji: Yeah, if somebody goes up to Sachi and says "Stop worrying so much," she'll return to "normal"... but she's in this school for a reason.
Yuuji: And if we pull back now because it's hard to watch her struggle, she's never going to get out.
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: Try to understand.
Michiru: W-What the heck... Don't gimme that reasonable argument with such a sad look on your face... Makes me feel like a cranky kid throwing a temper tantrum...
Yuuji: ...Sorry. I do understand that you're all genuinely worried about her.
Michiru: ......
Makina: ......
Narration: *Apparently the three of them understand my way of thinking. I wouldn't say they're entirely satisfied, but there are no further objections.*
Yuuji: Anyway, the thing with Sachi's probably going to cause everyone some problems for a while... but try to bear with it for now.
Michiru: Y-Yeah, yeah, I got it...I'll keep my trap shut.
Amane: All right. I mean, there's no denying we've gotten a bit too dependent on Sacchan in the first place. Maybe this is a good opportunity to get our act together.
Makina: Uuu... if it's really gonna help Sacchin, I'll do my best.
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *...Looks like we've reached a tentative understanding.*
Yuuji: In that case, I'm going to start off by cleaning the grand bath.
Amane: Okay, I'll hel―
Yuuji: Appreciate the offer, but let me handle it on my own this time.
Amane: Wha...
Amane: Geez, there he goes...
Michiru: The heck is Yuuji thinking? Cleaning that huge bathroom all alone's gonna be a huge pain...
Amane: I wonder if he's feeling responsible, in his own way...
Michiru: ...Responsible?
Amane: I mean, he's the one who gave Sacchan that problem or whatever. He probably doesn't want that to become a burden on the rest of us.
Michiru: Geez. For someone who tries to go around fixing other people's problems, the guy's got a pretty difficult personality in his own right...
Makina: ...An' don't forget, Onii-chan's gotta be even more worried about Sacchin than th' rest of us.
Amane: Yeah...
Michiru: So then... is there really nothing we can do to help Sachi, other than just leaving her alone?
Amane: Kinda hard to help when we don't know what she's worrying about in the first place.
Makina: So why don't we just ask her? Gotta be th' easiest way ta find out what sorta problem she's workin' on.
Michiru: Ooh, good idea!
Amane: H-Hold on a second, guys. I kinda feel like that would be breaking the rules...
Michiru: Maybe, but we won't know till we try!
Michiru: Even if she goes "I can't tell a shameless skank like Amane-san," that's still a clue!
Amane: Miii～chiii～ruuu!!
Michiru: Owiewowiewowch! Sorry! My bad! Stop! Don't squeeze me! Oh, my tender brains! You're squeezing 'em outta my ears!!
Amane: Okay, well, I want to help too... but I think we should get some advice before rushing into anything.
Michiru: Haa... haa... haa... Advice? From who?
Makina: Who else? Professor Y, of course!!
Yumiko: ...And so, after talking the matter over as a group, we decided to stick our collective nose into your business.
Sachi: ...My business?
Yumiko: That's right. Ever since you came back from that date with Kazami-kun, you've been acting quite oddly...
Yumiko: When asked, he told us something of the circumstances. "I gave Sachi a problem," to be precise.
Sachi: Oh. I wasn't aware you knew...
Yumiko: Since it seems you're currently having difficulty with that problem, we were hoping you might be willing to talk it over with us.
Sachi: Talk it over...?
Yumiko: Since we came all this way, Kazami-kun's hardly likely to pass by and overhear... We thought it might be easier to have a frank discussion among women.
Sachi: I suppose you're right, but...
Amane: Did Yuuji say you couldn't tell us or anything?
Sachi: No... He didn't mention any rule of that sort.
Michiru: Okay! Past the first stumbling block, then!
Yumiko: A little early to be celebrating. Even if her lips haven't been sealed, it's entirely up to Komine-san whether she chooses to discuss the matter with us.
Michiru: R-Right...
Makina: Whaddaya say, Sacchin? Do y'think ya can tell us?
Sachi: Well, I―
Yumiko: Komine-san. We're not trying to pressure you into sharing your troubles if you'd prefer to stay silent...
Yumiko: But as our classmate and our friend... if you'd like to discuss the matter, please feel free.
Sachi: ...Certainly.
Sachi: I've spent several days thinking over Yuu-kun's questions without finding a satisfactory answer to any of them... At this rate, I might end up inconveniencing everyone indefinitely.
Sachi: By all means, I would deeply appreciate your assistance.
Yumiko: Yes, of course.
Sachi: ...I believe that covers it. Such is the problem Yuu-kun assigned me.
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: ......
Sachi: Uhm, did I... say something odd, perhaps?
Yumiko: No... I wouldn't say "odd," but...
Amane: Yuuji's questions are sort of this weird mixture of incredibly obvious and totally incomprehensible...
Michiru: Yeah, exactly. I thought so too...
Sachi: What? Was there really an "obvious" question among them?
Yumiko: Well, yes. Although it concerns your feelings, so we obviously can't be entirely sure...
Sachi: That's quite all right. Please, do share your thoughts with me!
Amane: Let's start from the beginning... He basically gave you two different problems, right?
Amane: First, why you were selfish on the date, and second, what Yuuji wants you to "realize." That sound about right?
Sachi: Yes, that would be an accurate summary of Yuu-kun's words...
Amane: Okay, so I'm assuming we all agree here. The reason she was selfish is the easy one, right?
Makina: Yerp...
Michiru: Yeah, didn't even have to think about that one.
Sachi: ......
Amane: All right, Sacchan. Even though you've been totally selfless all this time, you ended up acting a little bit spoiled on your date with Yuuji...
Amane: That's gotta be because you've fallen in love with him.
Sachi: Because I've... fallen in love with Yuu-kun?
Amane: Sure. I mean, what were you thinking that made those words pop out of your mouth? You were having lots of fun with Yuuji, and wanted it to last longer, right?
Sachi: Yes, that's true...
Amane: Okay, so you wouldn't have felt that strongly about it unless you were in love with him.
Sachi: So you really think... I've fallen in love with Yuu-kun...?
Makina: ...Huh? Sacchin, th' heck are you sayin' this late in the game?
Sachi: But, I... don't quite understand myself what exactly I feel toward him...
Makina: ......
Michiru: Okay, look, Sachi. Why do you think you wanted to wear those clothes he bought you?
Sachi: ......
Yumiko: And, uhm... you were quite anxious when he stopped halfway through, as well...
Amane: To go a little further back, you moved your seat next to him in the classroom, remember?
Sachi: If that's really proof that I love Yuu-kun, then...
Sachi: It would seem I've actually been in love with him for quite some time...
Makina: Uh, so ya really rolled with all these dates and sexy-times without even knowin' that ya loved him?
Sachi: Yes... Yuu-kun said he wanted me as his girlfriend, and I didn't dislike the idea...
Michiru: "Didn't dislike," she says... This is some grade-A thickheadedness. I'm actually feeling a little sympathy for Yuuji at this point.
Amane: I'm with you there...
Sachi: I do apologize. It seems my lack of insight has inconvenienced everyone...
Amane: Well, you don't really have anything to apologize for, but anyway... do you more or less understand what we're trying to say?
Sachi: Yes. In other words, my unusual behavior was the result of long-standing romantic affection for Yuu-kun.
Amane: Full marks.♪
Michiru: So I guess that's problem number one dealt with, right?
Sachi: I do hope so...
Makina: But that said, th' real challenge is that crazy second question.
Yumiko: ...Indeed. "Something Kazami-kun wants you to realize" is an exceptionally vague excuse for a hint.
Sachi: Yes... To be perfectly honest, I don't even know where to begin on that part of the problem.
Amane: In that case, I guess we'll just have to think it over slowly and carefully...
Michiru: Okay, so let's keep these little meetings going until somebody finds an answer.
Sachi: Uhm... that's very kind of you, but would it really be all right to take so much of your time...?
Michiru: Of course it would. Heck, we're the ones asking you to let us help, you know?
Sachi: Michiru-sama...
Makina: That's how it is, girl. When y'need to talk, I want ya comin' to me first, 'kay?
Sachi: Maki-chan...
Yumiko: All right then, Komine-san. I assume you don't have any objections to holding these meetings on a periodic basis from now on?
Sachi: ...You assume correctly. In fact, I would truly appreciate it. Thank you all.
Yuuji: ...Damn, that took nearly two hours...
Narration: *When cleaning a large area alone, there's an inevitable cost in terms of both time and physical energy.*
Narration: *And Sachi's been doing this practically every day. No matter how efficient she is, that's some serious effort she's putting in for our benefit.*
Principal: Aah, Kazami-kun. Just the man I wanted to see.
Yuuji: Sorry, princess, but you're a little young to be in here. This is a grown-up building.
Principal: Aww gee... Then I'll just hafta come back when I'm bigger, I guess!
Yuuji: ...C-Chizuru... uh, I...
Principal: Oh c'mon, stop looking at me like I've grown a second head! I was just rolling with it, of course! A little payback for the constant teasing!
Yuuji: R-Right, sure... Sorry...
Narration: *Normally the woman gets all in a huff over even my gentlest jokes, so I was honestly afraid she'd just lost it...*
Principal: Argh... Why do you have to be such a bully, anyway?
Yuuji: Don't know, but the women I sleep with seem to love it.
Principal: Look, mister...
Yuuji: So what're you doing all the way out here, anyway? Something urgent come up?
Principal: Ah, that's right... As a matter of fact, there's something I wanted to tell you guys about before summer vacation ends. Seems like the others are all out at the moment, though.
Yuuji: ...Something you wanted to tell us about?
Principal: Sorry for the sudden meeting, everybody.
Narration: *Chizuru stands before us with both arms folded behind her back, the very picture of a composed Principal addressing her students. You'd never guess she was roleplaying as a schoolgirl all of thirty minutes ago.*
Narration: *Fortunately, it didn't take long to gather the others. I got in touch with Amane right away, and apparently all five of them were off doing something as a group for once.*
Amane: We don't mind, of course... but what's this "important message" about?
Makina: Ooh, lemme guess! You're extendin' summer break until this crazy heat dies down, right?
Michiru: In that case, you have my enthusiastic approval! This heat wave can last the rest of the year, as far as I'm concerned! Just shut the school down!
Yumiko: ...Even if they turn off the air conditioning?
Michiru: I do apologize, Principal Tachibana. Please continue!
Principal: W-Well then, where was I...? I'm sorry to say that this has nothing to do with extending summer vacation or closing the school.
Makina: Aaaaawwwww...
Principal: In fact, I suppose it'll be fairly sad tidings from your perspective.
Michiru: Okay, let's just not have this conversation after all...
Makina: Just remembered a pressin' appointment. Come back th' day before yesterday, missy.
Amane: Settle down, kids.
Principal: You two are really bouncing off the walls today... I don't think you were this manic before the break...
Yuuji: Sorry, Principal Tachibana. They seem to be suffering from an overdose of summer vacation. I'll make sure to discipline them later.
Michiru: D-Discipline!? That sounds kinda... off-green...
Makina: By which ya mean obscene, I think?
Principal: ......
Principal: Okay, let's cut right to the chase... As soon as the new term starts, we're going to be holding a standardized achievement test.
Michiru: A-Achievement...
Makina: ...Test...?
Principal: Yes. This is a nationwide test, being held in every academic institution as the centerpiece of an investigation into scholastic achievement levels...
Principal: Regardless of your school year, you'll all be taking the same examination.
Yumiko: An identical test...? Then how are they setting the scope of material we'll be evaluated on?
Principal: To avoid creating an age advantage, the plan is to use questions based off earlier material that everyone's already learned.
Yumiko: ...I see. In that case, I suppose there's no particular problem.
Principal: Just what I thought you'd say, Sakaki-san.
Principal: As for you, Matsushima-san... if you studied properly on a regular basis, you wouldn't have to panic at times like these, you know?
Michiru: G-Guhhh...
Principal: Of course, it's important to enjoy your vacation as well. But please do prepare for this, so you won't be left regretting it later.
Sachi: ......
Principal: ...Hello there, Komine-san. Are you listening?
Sachi: Ah, yes. Please rest assured, your recent visit to the lingerie shop by the station and subsequent purchase of an 18,000 yen set of "game-day" underwear will remain quietly sealed inside my bosom for all eternity.
Principal: Huh!? K-Komine-san... what on earth are you...
Yuuji: ...You intending to make use of those sometime soon, Principal Tachibana?
Principal: Whaaa!? U-Uhm... okay, anyway! Like I said, there's a test after the break! Understood? Yes? Great!
Narration: *Beads of sweat rolling down her forehead, the principal frantically wraps up her announcement, then scampers out of the dorm.*
Yuuji: Not the most dignified retreat I've ever seen...
Amane: But a standardized test after the break, huh...?
Amane: Guess Chizu-chan's right. We should probably study a bit.
Makina: ...Chiruchiru, how ya thinkin' we ditch this thing?
Michiru: A cold, of course! It's THE classic excuse for playing hookey, suitable for all occasions...
Amane: Hey, you two! Stop plotting misdeeds in the shadows!!
Michiru: Come ON, it's a friggin' test, you know? My number two most hated thing in the whole world, waiting for me the instant summer vacation ends!
Makina: ...So, what's number one on th' hate list?
Michiru: Children, of course!
Yumiko: Goodness, it seems someone has an unusually severe case of self-loathing...
Michiru: ...What's that supposed to mean?
Yumiko: Oh, nothing in particular...
Yuuji: Okay, I understand that you hate tests, but the point of this thing is to "investigate scholastic achievement levels." It's not going to influence your grades even if you do terribly, right?
Michiru: You don't understand a thing, do you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...What?
Michiru: For those of us who truly can't stand studying... just hearing the word "test" is enough to cause severe nausea!!
Amane: ...Sorry, why do you sound so proud about this?
Yuuji: A pathological testophobe, is it? That's a new one.
Michiru: Hrrrrmm... grrmm...
Yumiko: Oh good, now she's reached the moaning stage.
Makina: Gotta say, though, I kinda understand Chiruchiru's feelin's...
Michiru: ...That's it!!
Michiru: Hey, Sachi! Get rid of the test! Make it go away! You can do that, right!?!
Sachi: What...?
Narration: *The instant Michiru yelps out her desperate entreaty, time comes to a halt.*
Narration: *...For me and Sachi, at least. The others simply glance in Michiru's direction with standard expressions of exasperation and pity.*
Narration: *Normally, I might have reacted in the same way. But since I know about the events that brought Sachi to this school, those words hit hard enough to leave me stunned.*
Michiru: Whaddaya say, Sachi? A perfect maid like you can totally get rid of one stupid little test, yeah?
Sachi: Well... I...
Narration: *The frozen moment is shattered as Michiru blunders on ahead. Sachi, clearly flustered, hesitates to answer.*
Amane: ...!
Michiru: Owwwie!
Amane: Michiru! I don't care how much you hate tests, don't say stupid crap and give Sacchan trouble!!
Michiru: Y-Yeah, I know, I know... It's not like I was serious or anything...
Narration: *...Right, I'm sure she wasn't.*
Narration: *Michiru's words lacked any real malicious intent. She'd backed herself into a corner with all that theatrical complaining; jokingly asking Sachi for help was just her attempt at an exit strategy.*
Narration: *But―*
Yuuji: ...It's all right. We're going to accept that request.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: Fundamentally, Sachi's going to take charge of this one. But if it seems like she's going to fail, I'll step in and make it happen. In other words, we're taking joint responsibility.
Amane: Wait, Yuuji... what're you talking about?
Yuuji: Hm? Just answering Michiru's petition. We'll get rid of that test, as requested.
Amane: Wha...
Michiru: What the heck are you saying? Sachi may be an invincible maid, but it's not like she can seriously get rid of a school test...
Michiru: It's in a totally different league from cleaning the bath or fetching an eraser or something, you know?
Yuuji: I wouldn't be so pessimistic.
Michiru: Huh...?
Yuuji: Just so happens that you asked someone who's successfully "gotten rid of a test" before.
Yumiko: ...! 
Amane: I-Is that true, Sacchan...?
Sachi: Y-Yes... Yuu-kun speaks the truth. I did receive the same order on a previous occasion.
Makina: ...And you seriously got rid of the test?
Yuuji: Yeah, she did. To borrow Michiru's phrase, she's been an invincible maid for a very long time now.
Makina: S-Sacchin, that's friggin' amazin'...
Amane: I mean, I do almost feel like she could pull it off somehow, but... Sacchan, just how on earth would you "get rid" of a test?
Sachi: That's―
Yuuji: That's going to be a secret until the day of the exam.
Michiru: Why? We're all gonna know after the fact, right? You might as well just tell us now.
Yuuji: Tell me something, Michiru. Which is the more enjoyable way to receive a present? When you know what's inside, or when you don't?
Michiru: Well... when you don't, I guess? Normally.
Yuuji: Right. Same deal here.
Michiru: Aah, I see... Not bad, Yuuji! You're a pretty competent showman...
Yuuji: You're too kind.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Sachi sits quietly on the sidelines as I push the discussion forcefully ahead, her eyes fixed on me.*
Yuuji: Guess I'm asking after the fact, but I assume you're all right with this, Sachi?
Sachi: Well, I...
Yuuji: After all, turning her down would mean you're refusing to help someone. Guess that'd make you a "bad girl."
Sachi: I don't want that...
Yuuji: In other words, you'll accept the request?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Yes. I have to. I have to be a good girl.
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *And for you, a "good girl" is a person who does what they're told, never refusing, never objecting. A wind-up doll marching along the path others set out for it.*
Yumiko: ......
Makina: S-Sacchin agreed...
Amane: Wait, so... you seriously intend to get rid of the standardized test?
Yuuji: Sachi wouldn't joke about this. And since I've assumed responsibility for her success, I won't allow her to fail.
Michiru: Well, I guess Yuuji's been pretty reliable himself lately, what with taking over Sachi's jobs...
Makina: If Onii-chan's helpin' out too, maybe disappearin' a test ain't entirely impossible...
Yuuji: That's right. Rest assured, we'll take care of it. Feel free to slack off for the rest of your summer vacation.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: All right, whatever. I've got no idea how you're gonna get rid of this test, but good luck with that, Sachi.
Sachi: ...Yes. Please leave everything to me.
Yuuji: ...Sachi, you have a second?
Sachi: Ah, of course...
Narration: *As the group disperses, I stop Sachi before she can leave the lobby.*
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Uhm... I'm just wearing my standard maid uniform today. Is there something unusual about my appearance?
Narration: *Noticing that I'm running my eyes over her clothing, she requests an explanation in a slightly puzzled tone of voice.*
Yuuji: ...Not really. Your street clothes the other day left a strong impression, so I was just doing a little mental comparison.
Sachi: I do apologize... All my attention has been focused on solving your questions, so I haven't spent much time considering my attire...
Yuuji: ...I see.
Sachi: But if you'd like, I can of course get changed this very instant...
Yuuji: No, that's all right. Not necessary.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *There's no meaning in her wearing those clothes unless she does it on her own initiative.*
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *The conversation grinds to a halt. For a moment, there's a vaguely awkward silence between us.*
Sachi: Uhm... Yuu-kun, would you mind if I asked you something?
Yuuji: Depends. What do you want to know?
Sachi: I'd like to know why you accepted Michiru-sama's request on my behalf.
Yuuji: Let's see... Little tricky to explain, actually.
Yuuji: Mainly, I thought accepting that request would help you find the answer to the questions I gave you the other day.
Sachi: This... will help me find the answers to your questions...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Also, I wanted to see how you'd react today when faced with the same request you accepted back then...
Yuuji: And if you didn't refuse, how you'd try to carry it out.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: Long story short, you could say I dragged you into this for my own selfish reasons.
Sachi: That's quite all right. You may have asked, but I'm the one who decided to accept Michiru-sama's request.
Yuuji: ...Right.
Sachi: And if carrying out this task will enable me to find the answers to your questions... I will devote my utmost efforts to doing so.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I don't know what Sachi thinks about the incident she caused at her previous school. I don't know whether she regrets it or hides behind rationalizations.*
Narration: *But when Michiru asked her to "get rid of the test," Sachi hesitated for a moment with uncertainty in her eyes...*
Narration: *And after I pushed her into consenting, she asked me why. At the very least, something about the idea of repeating her actions made Sachi uncomfortable. Even unsettled.*
Narration: *That she nonetheless decided to accept that request can only mean one thing: the "laws" that bind Sachi haven't loosened their grip on her.*
Sachi: ...Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: Ah, sorry... It's nothing.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Yuuji: Anyway, one last thing I wanted to ask. Do you have a plan in mind for getting rid of this test?
Sachi: Yes. I've already carried out this request once, so I don't anticipate any problems in doing so again.
Yuuji: Already succeeded once, huh...?
Yuuji: Well, in that case, I guess I probably won't need to get involved.
Sachi: Indeed. I don't think you'll need to take any action, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ...All right then. Sorry for holding you up.
Sachi: Not at all. I am your girlfriend, so please feel free to call for me whenever you like.
Narration: *With a smile and a demure little bow, Sachi calmly heads back to her room.*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Sachi may be confident now, but... if she attempts to use the same method as before, she's almost certainly going to fail.*
Narration: *That's not a problem in itself. Sachi has to fail if she's ever going to break out of this status quo.*
Narration: *But failure alone would likely accomplish nothing more than leaving a new wound on her heart.*
Narration: *...Failure's necessary, but she can't allow herself to fail.*
Narration: *The solution's obvious enough. She just needs to fail by succeeding.*
Narration: *There's a fundamental contradiction hiding inside the laws Sachi's bound herself to.*
Narration: *And if she needs help to realize its existence, I'll use any means necessary to provide the key.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *A little before midnight, there's a sudden knock at my door.*
Yuuji: Sakaki, right? It's not locked.
Yumiko: How did you...?
Yuuji: When I said Sachi had gotten rid of a test before, you were the only one who looked startled.
Yumiko: ...I see. I didn't think my reaction was particularly conspicuous... You are an observant one.
Yuuji: I'm a part-time cleaner, after all. Can't overlook even the smallest specks of dust.
Yumiko: Dust, is it...?
Narration: *Repeating my words with a knowing tinge of irony, Sakaki walks to the center of my room, letting the door close behind her.*
Yuuji: So, why drop by a man's room at this hour? Decided it was about time to throw away your virginity?
Yumiko: I'm sad to say I have no intention whatsoever of giving that to you.
Yuuji: Ah. Money troubles, then? In that case―
Yumiko: I have something I want to ask you, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: ...And what would that be?
Narration: *Noting a clear change in the tone of Sakaki's voice, I decide it wisest to stop teasing her.*
Yumiko: Are you aware of a certain rumor concerning a girl who set fire to her own school simply to ensure a test was cancelled?
Yuuji: ...Interesting story. Sounds a bit far-fetched, though.
Yumiko: I see... Well, if you want to deny it, I won't press you any further on that point...
Yumiko: But as a classmate to both you and Komine-san, there's one question that I want answered clearly and honestly.
Yuuji: ...Can't promise anything until I hear the question.
Yumiko: All right then...
Yumiko: You may have accepted Matsushima-san's request... but I assume you don't intend to let Komine-san do anything dangerous, correct?
Yuuji: What if I say it's a possibility?
Yumiko: Then I'll have to register my objections...
Narration: *With clear anger in her voice, Sakaki takes out her box cutter and pushes up the blade with a violent snap.*
Yuuji: I admire the spirit, but the odds of you actually touching me with that thing aren't even one in a hundred.
Yumiko: Even so, I believe I'll keep trying as long as I'm conscious.
Yuuji: ...All right, I've got the message. My bad. Do me a favor and put away the weapon.
Yumiko: ...Haaah.
Narration: *When I declare my surrender, Sakaki heaves a long, heavy sigh and slowly sheathes her makeshift knife.*
Yuuji: To be perfectly honest, the potential risk depends on how things play out. I can't say for sure whether she'll be in any danger...
Yuuji: But no matter what means Sachi chooses to use in pursuit of her objective, I can promise you I'll protect her with everything I've got. That not good enough?
Yumiko: ...You can't promise not to put her in danger in the first place?
Yuuji: No, I can't. You're concerned about Sachi's safety to the point of menacing me with a box cutter. It'd rub me the wrong way to make you a promise I can't keep...
Yuuji: And the truth is, drastic measures may prove necessary.
Yumiko: I see...
Yumiko: From what you're telling me, it seems... Komine-san's real "problem" is likely a psychological one.
Yuuji: ...Sorry, but I can't be the one to tell you that.
Yumiko: I suppose not. That was a thoughtless remark; pay it no mind.
Yuuji: Anyway, Sachi's not the only one who's going to be affected by this. Might end up inconveniencing you and the others as well.
Yumiko: ..."Inconveniencing" us?
Yuuji: Yeah. Of course, I promise to contain any danger and keep you all safe... but if things do get ugly, I'd appreciate your help.
Yumiko: You're asking me to offer my cooperation without even knowing what you intend to do? You're an impressively self-centered human being.
Yuuji: I'm aware of that, but I'm still asking. Please, Sakaki.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Very well. If worse comes to worst, I'll provide what assistance I can...
Yuuji: ...Right. Appreciate it.
Yumiko: Do keep in mind, though, that I'm doing so entirely for Komine-san's sake.
Yuuji: ...Hm. That supposed to be your take on Michiru's "tsundere" thing?
Yumiko: Absolutely not!
Narration: *Sakaki turns away with a scowl. I'm not sure if she's really too disgusted to look at my face or just trying to hide the light blush on her cheeks.*
Yumiko: In any case, I don't think we have anything more to discuss. I'm going to excuse myself...
Yuuji: Hey, Sakaki...
Yumiko: What now?
Yuuji: All this time, I've been more than a little dubious about this whole thing. This place, this lifestyle. Being a student.
Yuuji: But as of right now, I think I'm over all that. I'm glad I came to this school.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: And you're telling me this why?
Yuuji: Who knows? Maybe I just wanted you to hear it.
Yumiko: I see...
Narration: *Sakaki quietly leaves my room with an uncharacteristically gentle expression on her face.*
Yuuji: Haaah...
Narration: *Although I hadn't expected it to happen this way, I've managed to gain something of an accomplice.*
Narration: *Sakaki possesses both level-headed judgment and the ability to project authority. I don't think anyone's better suited to take care of the others when and if the time comes.*
Narration: *But even with the cooperation of our classmates more or less assured, there are still plenty of problems I need to take care of.*
Narration: *...And if my estimate of the situation is correct, the "drastic measures" I mentioned are absolutely going to prove necessary.*
Yuuji: Which means I need to get moving...

Date: *August 11, 2011, 12:35 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Yuuji: Ten minutes to go...
Narration: *It's a boiling summer day, and I'm standing out in the sun, staring down at my watch as I wait for a visitor.*
Narration: *To carry out my plan, I'm going to need cooperation from a number of concerned parties...*
Narration: *But even among them, it's safe to say that the person I'm about to meet is the single most crucial piece of the puzzle.*
Yuuji: Five minutes...
Yuuji: Three minutes...
Narration: *Exactly 180 seconds before the arranged time, I hear a high-pitched engine approaching.*
Narration: *Only moments later, a certain flashy sports car draws to a halt outside the gate, no less an eyesore than the first time I saw it.*
Yuuji: Precisely on time, huh... Just what you'd expect from a German.
JB: ...Well, here I am.
Narration: *JB steps out of her car, carelessly brushing up a loose lock of that shaggy blond hair she's so proud of.*
Yuuji: Sorry for dragging you all the way out here.
JB: It certainly is rare for you to be the one calling for me. What's this about? Maybe you've decided to call it quits on the whole student thing?
Yuuji: ...Actually, it's the opposite.
JB: The opposite?
Yuuji: Yeah. I want to stay at this school. Keep up the whole "normal student" thing. And to make that possible, there's something I absolutely have to do.
JB: ......
JB: Uhhhhm... for some reason, I have a really bad feeling about this.
Yuuji: That's JB for you. Can't count how many times that sharp nose for trouble has saved my ass.
JB: Somehow, this compliment leaves me less than overjoyed...
JB: Since you're not denying it, I'm going to ask you point-blank. What do you "absolutely have to do?"
Yuuji: I was hoping you might ask. I've actually got a favor to ask of you.
JB: ...A favor?
Yuuji: ...So that's the shape of it. Pretty simple, right?
JB: ......
Yuuji: Sorry. Too simple, huh? Must have been a bit of a letdown.
JB: The exact opposite, actually! Of all the insane... What on earth are you thinking?
Yuuji: After carefully considering all the relevant factors, I concluded this would be the single most effective approach.
JB: The "relevant factors," he says... Look, I understand that you're trying to help Sachi, but is it really necessary to go this far?
Yuuji: Depends on her, but in all probability, yes. I don't think anything less is going to get it done.
JB: ......
Narration: *...Otherwise, I think Sachi would have found the answer to my problem by now.*
Yuuji: And if I'm going to make this happen... I need your help, Julia.
JB: Do you really think that's going to convince me to go along with this foolishness?
Yuuji: Probably not. You've never been the sort to put aside the big picture for a smaller objective.
JB: Then I suppose you'll just have to―
Yuuji: Please listen to me, Julia.
Yuuji: I've had enough regrets for one lifetime. I'm sick and tired of being a powerless bystander.
Yuuji: It's not like I want to go around rescuing random people like some sort of superhero...
Yuuji: But when there's someone suffering in front of me... and when that someone's a person I care about, I want to do everything I can to help them.
JB: ...And you're saying that's Sachi?
Yuuji: That's right. When I learned about her identity and her burden, I wanted to help her. That feeling was absolutely real, and it's only gotten stronger over time.
Yuuji: And if I turn a blind eye to her problem now, I don't think I'm ever going to understand the meaning of the words Asako left me...
JB: ......
JB: So that's... your answer, huh?
Yuuji: ...Hm?
JB: All right, I understand. You have whatever assistance I can offer.
Yuuji: You sure about that?
JB: Given that uncharacteristic little speech, it seems clear that you're ready to accept the consequences of your actions...
JB: And if Asako was here, she'd probably say "When a man's desperate enough to beg, a woman needs the backbone to shut her mouth and nod her head."
Yuuji: ...Sorry. I appreciate it.
JB: That said, even with Ichigaya and Akasaka's support... there's a limit to what I can pull off. Or cover up, for that matter.
Yuuji: ...I'm aware, yes.
Yuuji: Don't worry, I'm not planning to give Ichigaya any headaches. As long as you can get me the East Beach Express information and the "soup," I'll figure out the rest on my own.
JB: Figure out the rest...? Wait, do you have training in that field as well?
Yuuji: You haven't forgotten what sort of person my master was, have you?
JB: ...Ah, true enough.
Yuuji: Asako trusted you more than anyone else, you know...
Yuuji: And the same goes for me now. In fact... you're the only person in the world I'd call family.
JB: ...!
Yuuji: What I'm trying to say is... I really am grateful, JB.
JB: ......
JB: *Sigh*... Getting this from a guy who's usually such a sarcastic little ass really throws me off my game...
Yuuji: My sincere apologies.
JB: ...Well, I guess I'll just chalk that one up as an attempt at giving your "foster parent" a little lip service.
Yuuji: Sure...
Narration: *Out of filial piety, I guess I'll refrain from pointing out the contrast between these cynical words and the visible wetness in the corner of her eyes.*
Yuuji: Ah, one last thing... I want you to get me four tickets for a helicopter ride.
JB: A helicopter ride...? What do you need those for?
Yuuji: That part's a secret.
JB: ...Fine, I won't ask. Just get in touch when you have an exact date and time. I'll be giving you a call myself once our preparations are complete.
Yuuji: Yeah. Go ahead and draw the funds you're going to need out of my account.
JB: Well, that's all right with me... but you're talking like this is already a done deal. Sounds to me like you're going to need a certain someone's cooperation as well.
Yuuji: ...That's right, I am.
JB: So? Is she on board?
Yuuji: No, but that negotiation's next on my to-do list.
JB: To-do list? Are you for real...? The plan sounded relatively fine-tuned at first, but you sure are taking a haphazard approach to some very fundamental problems...
JB: Very much like Asako's way of doing things, come to think of it...
Yuuji: Guess I'll just have to show you that isn't the only thing I picked up from my master.
JB: ...Yes, you do that. I'm looking forward to it.
Yuuji: As a bright-eyed, idealistic educator, I'm sure she's here at this hour...
Narration: *After seeing off JB, I arrive at the principal's office in search of my second-most essential accomplice.*
Yuuji: ...Pardon me, coming in.
Principal: Hyaaah!?
Narration: *As usual, I barge in without knocking. I catch a brief glimpse of Chizuru making a face into a small mirror before she jumps up out of her seat with a girlish little shriek.*
Yuuji: You'd think I'd walked in on some innocent maiden changing clothes...
Principal: W-Well, I'm still comfortably in the "maiden" age range! ...Probably.
Principal: More importantly... knock when you're visiting a woman's room, all right!?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, you're right, Chizuru. Sorry about that.
Principal: Geez...
Narration: *Apparently, I seem to have picked a somewhat awkward moment to visit.*
Principal: ...So, what do you need? I assume you didn't stop by just to see my face, yes?
Yuuji: Yeah. Thought I'd take you out on a date today, Chizuru. Get your things.
Principal: Huh...?
Principal: Y-You've got a girlfriend, you know? Taking me on a date would be cheating on Komine-san...
Principal: I-I can't let you do that...
Yuuji: ...The hell are you getting all flustered about? It's a joke, obviously.
Principal: ......
Principal: ...Well? What do you want, then?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Judging from the look in her eyes and the tone of her voice, it's probably best to stop screwing around now.*
Yuuji: All right. I'll explain in detail, but basically, I want your cooperation with a little plan of mine.
Principal: ...A plan?
Yuuji: That's right.
Yuuji: ...So as I'm sure you can imagine, I could really use your help as a standing member of the board of directors. And as the prefectural governor's daughter.
Principal: ......
Yuuji: What's the matter? That time of the month? Really sneaks up on you, doesn't it.
Principal: Not the problem here! I was just at a loss for words, thanks to your completely insane nonsense!!
Yuuji: Oh? I was being perfectly serious, though.
Principal: Well, yes... Knowing you, I didn't really think you meant it as a joke... but that doesn't make it any less crazy.
Yuuji: ...Her heart's been frozen solid for a very long time now. Thawing it out is going to require some serious kinetic energy.
Principal: And that achievement test I announced provided a suitable spark...?
Yuuji: Right. It was a complete coincidence that Michiru asked Sachi to "get rid of the test," but...
Yuuji: Ultimately, we have a chance to settle things in one shot thanks to your timely assistance.
Principal: Assistance...? It's not like I announced the test with something like this in mind, you know?
Yuuji: Yes, I know... if we do carry out Michiru's request, you're probably going to be the one inconvenienced most severely...
Principal: That's right. It's impossible for me to even predict the full consequences of you two "eliminating" this test...
Yuuji: ...So if you refuse to cooperate, Chizuru, I have no choice but to scrap this plan.
Principal: That's an unfair way of putting it... You know full well I can't just refuse...
Yuuji: How about this? I'll make you a promise in exchange: Sachi's going to be herself again. I'm going to make that happen.
Principal: ......
Principal: Can I really take you at your word on that?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Principal: ...Very well then, Kazami-kun. You have my cooperation.
Yuuji: Thanks. And sorry to drag you into this.
Principal: No need to worry yourself about me, thank you very much... You've got bigger problems right now. I may be the principal, but that doesn't mean this school belongs to me. You do understand that, yes?
Yuuji: Even so, I know you'll find a way to do what needs to be done.
Principal: *Sigh*... So you say, but I expect you've cajoled Harudera-san into this as well.
Yuuji: Oh? How'd you know I brought JB in already?
Principal: Simple enough. If I were in your shoes, she's the first one I'd ask for help.
Yuuji: I see. Persuasive reasoning.
Principal: But I must say, it really is rather humiliating to dance so obediently on your strings... So much for my dignity as the older woman...
Yuuji: Not to worry. It's not like you had much to lose in the first place, what with that baby-face of yours...
Principal: Kazami-kun!!
Yuuji: Don't get all huffy. There are plenty of ladies out there who'd kill to be mocked for their youthful appearance.
Principal: I swear... Who on earth taught you to talk like that, anyway?
Yuuji: Interesting question. Guess that'd have to be my master.
Principal: Your master... Kusakabe Asako-san, yes?
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Kusakabe Asako, the woman I called "master"...*
Narration: *She adopted me, a child breathing but in no other sense "living," and patiently raised me into someone capable of working for Ichigaya.*
Narration: *You could say I'm only standing here today thanks to her. That debt's something I won't ever be able to forget, even if I was inclined to try.*
Principal: I never met her myself, but I've heard a little from Harudera-san. Specifically, that she was an amazing person.
Yuuji: That's a pretty decent summary. Even after all this time, with everything she taught me and a hell of a lot of "independent study," I'm still ten sizes too small to fill her shoes.
Principal: I see...
Narration: *Kusakabe Asako was without a doubt the most extraordinary person I've ever known. But ironically enough, she was also the woman who helped me find something like "normality."*
Principal: Anyway, to return to the matter at hand... First of all, you need me to get the "manga" ready, yes?
Yuuji: Kind of surprised you know a slang term like that...
Principal: I have a friend in software development who used it once. Kind of stuck in my head.
Yuuji: ...I see. Anyway, yeah. Once I have those, I'll get to work constructing a more specific plan.
Principal: Very well. I think I can have that ready by tomorrow, so stop by around the same time to pick it up.
Yuuji: Right.
Yuuji: Also, I need a relatively sizable room without too much clutter...
Principal: Hmm, let's see...
Principal: In that case, you can have the tool room overlooking the athletic grounds. It's almost entirely empty at the moment.
Yuuji: Appreciate it. Sorry about all this.
Principal: I assume you're aware, but... when you're repaying a woman's present, a three-fold return is standard.
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I'll keep that in mind.
Sachi: ...Haa... haa... haa...
Sachi: ...Gh.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *When I arrive at the third floor of the dorm in search of Sachi, I find her crouched over a sizable pile of books, flipping pages with an expression of intense focus.*
Narration: *Seems she's using the spare minutes waiting for the laundry to review a stack of reference materials. Not entirely out of character, to be sure...*
Narration: *But this is a dramatic change from the dreamy thoughtfulness that followed our return from the beach. Instead of losing herself in distracted reveries, she's immersed in practical research.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *And just as I'd expected, the composure has already vanished from her face...*
Narration: *Proof that she's realized her previous method won't work for this request.*
Narration: *The circumstances are very different. On the most fundamental level, the school buildings in question differ radically in scale and construction.*
Narration: *After even a cursory comparison of those differences, it's simple enough to realize that the same trick is unlikely to work again.*
Narration: *At this point, it comes down to whether or not she can find an entirely different approach, but...*
Sachi: .........
Narration: *Right now, Sachi can't even sense my presence at her side.*
Narration: *The law she's imposed on herself, her absolute need to be a "good girl," has forced her into a state of such obsessive concentration that nothing else even registers.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Of course, I expected something of the sort, but it's the first time I've seen Sachi this intensely serious. Her self-assured air of easy confidence has vanished without a trace.*
Narration: *The request she's currently grappling with presents an exceptionally thorny problem, after all. On some level, Sachi seems to realize that she's fast approaching a moment of truth.*
Narration: *―In that case, the best thing I can do for the girl right now is allow her to simmer in her own desperation.*

Date: *August 14, 2011, 13:18 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Sachi: Well then, please excuse me.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Even as she broods over getting rid of the test, Sachi's consistently maintaining her routine of cleaning my room and doing my laundry.*
Narration: *I guess I should be happy as a boyfriend that she places such a high priority on taking care of me...*
Narration: *But no matter how used she is to these sort of chores, it's obvious that keeping up the daily grind is going to be hard on her under the circumstances. And I can't allow myself to step in to help right now. It's a mixed feeling.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *As I'm mulling things over, my cell phone bleats shrilly in my pocket.*
Narration: *No need to bother looking at the screen. I know who this call's from.*
Yuuji: ...That you, JB?
JB: Morning, Yuuji. How's Sachi?
Yuuji: ...Seems she hasn't figured out an effective plan yet. Currently absorbed in brainstorming.
JB: I see...
Yuuji: So? What can I do for you?
JB: Ah, right, right... It's about the East Beach Express Group. I found something extremely interesting...
Yuuji: Think we can use it?
JB: It'll take a little time before I have positive proof, but yes, I believe we can.
Yuuji: Good to hear...
JB: I'll send you the details by email later, so make sure to take a look.
Yuuji: Roger.
JB: I should be done with your other request soon as well...
JB: Incidentally, I also went ahead and got the stuff you'll need to grow the "vegetables" for that soup of yours.
Yuuji: I was planning to take care of that myself, you know? I didn't want to push everything off on you...
JB: It's hardly a significant difference in the labor involved. Wasn't more than a few extra clicks of the mouse, really.
Yuuji: ...All right, whatever you say. Thanks.
JB: Sure. The goods in question should be delivered before long, so make sure you're there to accept them.
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *And within an hour of that phone call, a truck bearing JB's gift makes its way through the school gates.*
Delivery　Man: Heyo! I'm here from Fujimi Shipping. You this "Kazami-san," then?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm Kazami.
Delivery　Man: Well, got ya a pretty dang big delivery here... Got a warehouse or somethin'? I can lug it all out there if ya want.
Yuuji: That's fine. Just unload everything here and I'll take care of the rest.
Delivery　Man: Roger!
Delivery　Man: ...Later, bro!!
Narration: *When all the goods are finally out of the truck, the delivery man leaves with a cheerful frat-boy style farewell.*
Yuuji: ...Guess I'd better get these inside before the others notice.
Makina: Aha! I was wonderin' what th' heck a truck was doin' in here... Figgers that you'd be th' culprit, Onii-chan!
Michiru: The game's up! We're coming right now, so don't even think about moving from that spot!!
Yuuji: Bah. Too late...
Narration: *Well, might have been inevitable, given how rare it is to see a vehicle of any kind actually inside our campus...*
Narration: *But it's not like I've got anything I can't let them see, so I guess it shouldn't really be a problem.*
Michiru: Haa... haa... A full-sized delivery truck, here...? Just what the heck did you b... Gah, it stinks!
Makina: Don't even think about leavin' me out if yer plannin' somethin' fun... Gah, it stinks!
Yumiko: ...What's this supposed to be, then?
Yuuji: Word of advice, Sakaki. Pinching your nose disdainfully while you speak isn't exactly going to help you win friends and influence people.
Yumiko: Well, pardon me... but your delivery happens to be giving off an astounding stench, if you hadn't noticed.
Yuuji: Of course it is. That's sort of how this stuff is.
Amane: This is... agricultural fertilizer, right? Like, manure.
Michiru: Manure? Seriously?
Makina: Ya gonna eat it?
Yuuji: ...No. No, I am not.
Yumiko: But why on earth...?
Yuuji: Our thoughtful principal noticed that Sachi's been looking busy lately. Decided to compensate by roping me into a temporary position as a volunteer gardener.
Yuuji: Figured I'd start off with the fundamentals and enrich the soil a bit.
Amane: Okay, sure, but did you really need this much?
Yuuji: First part of the job is laying down some flower beds along the whole outer periphery of the athletic grounds... Somewhere down the line, I'm looking to spread the "flower-filled exercise" concept throughout Mishima Cape as a whole.
Amane: Flower-filled exercise, huh...
Yuuji: Playing with dirt's good stuff, you know? Gardening's a pretty solid workout, and it's got a well-documented relaxing effect as well.
Amane: Hmmm...
Narration: *...Amane's not entirely buying this, is she? Sharp girl.*
Amane: All right then, you let me know if you need any help with that. I can drive a tractor too, you know?
Yuuji: ...What?
Amane: Hm? Did I say something weird?
Yuuji: Not really. But motorcycles, trucks, and now tractors... Is there anything you can't drive?
Amane: True, I'm pretty versatile. Might not have every license out there, but if it's got wheels I can probably handle it just fine.
Yuuji: I see...
Michiru: Sorry, but I'm not gonna be filling anything with flowers anytime soon. The hardiest cactus withers at my touch...
Makina: I'm with Chiruchiru on this one. I like my plants best after they've been picked an' cooked, ya know?
Amane: ...In that case, I guess we should head back to our rooms instead of getting in Yuuji's way.
Amane: Just remembered, actually, but I've got some ice cream I bought at the supermarket earlier. Let's all go have some, okay?
Michiru: ...Since you're inviting me... I assume you've got ample supplies of Green Tea flavor, yes?
Makina: An' Mandarin Orange!?
Amane: Yes, yes. Both are on tap, so let's be good little girls and head on inside now.
Narration: *Deftly wrapping up the conversation, the big sister of the group coaxes the two trouble children back into the dorm.*
Narration: *Amane might not have bought my story, but I think she's got the general idea that I'm taking action for Sachi's sake. This is probably her way of being considerate.*
Yumiko: Do you have a moment?
Yuuji: What's up? Don't you want to get some of that ice cream?
Yumiko: If you answer my questions concisely and honestly, I expect there'll still be some left over after we're finished.
Yuuji: ...What do you want to know?
Yumiko: Well... the truth is, we asked Komine-san about the problems you asked her to solve.
Yuuji: Ah.
Yumiko: You seem less surprised than I'd expected.
Yuuji: I know how much you people love sticking your nose into others' business. I was more or less expecting something of the sort.
Yumiko: Good, that makes this simpler.
Yumiko: Am I correct to think... you hope that successfully "getting rid" of this test will enable her to answer your questions?
Yuuji: I wouldn't have gone out of my way to reopen old wounds if I thought otherwise.
Yumiko: ...I see. In that case, I suppose our regular meetings are no longer necessary.
Yuuji: Regular meetings?
Yumiko: Aah, my apologies... Just talking to myself.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I guess this petty secrecy is her way of getting payback for the other day...*
Yumiko: Well then, have fun playing with your dirt.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Yuuji: In any case, it's nice that they're being relatively cooperative.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *In the pitch-black hallway, the only sound is the echoing of my own footsteps.*
Narration: *After waiting until my classmates were soundly asleep, I slipped my way out of the dorm to infiltrate the abandoned school building.*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Yuuji: With a recent construction like this, it's definitely going to take some time to get things ready.
Narration: *To be honest, without Chizuru's cooperation I doubt I could've gotten anywhere. And even now, it won't be easy.*
Narration: *That said, failure simply isn't an option.*
Yuuji: After pushing Sachi that hard, I damn well better give my part everything I've got.
Yuuji: ...Hah.
Narration: *Getting close to four in the morning... Another hour, and we're getting dangerously close to Sachi or Amane waking up.*
Narration: *Just to be on the safe side, I guess I'll call it a night.*
Yuuji: Hm? That room...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *From the school hallway, I noticed a single light still on in the dormitory. And when I quietly look inside a few minutes later, I find Sachi crouched intently over her desk.*
Narration: *She must've been up all night working.*
Narration: *Her normally neat desk is cluttered with books, magazines, paper: everything from documents concerning modern architectural techniques to yellowed old newspaper clippings.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Probably because she confidently declared I should "leave everything to her," Sachi's consciously trying not to show any sign of struggling.*
Narration: *But in reality, she's practically at her wits' end.*
Narration: *Precisely because of her own thoroughness and intelligence, the faults in every new plan must present themselves with frustrating speed. There are just no easy answers to this challenge.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *With a silent shout of encouragement, I ease the door shut and quietly leave Sachi's room behind.*

Date: *August 19, 2011, 10:05 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: ...There's a ghost in this school!!
Narration: *A pleasant morning, the first relatively cool day after what felt like weeks of "brutal heat wave" headlines in the newspapers...*
Narration: *After gathering us in the dorm lobby, Michiru delivers this abrupt announcement.*
Yumiko: I was wondering what sort of "big news" might warrant this emergency meeting of yours... but I see it's just more of the usual inane drivel.
Makina: Ya talk a good game, little lady, but yer legs seem ta be tremblin' somethin' fierce.
Yumiko: !?
Amane: Look, Michiru... Yes, summer vacation's nearly over, so I understand why an entertainer like yourself would want to fire things up for those last fleeting moments...
Amane: But isn't it a little late for cooling down with chilling stories?
Michiru: You've got it all wrong! And don't call me a "entertainer!!" There really, totally is a ghost!
Amane: ...So what, you actually saw it?
Michiru: Indeed, with these very eyes!
Yuuji: Hoh... this sounds like quite the intriguing tale.
Yuuji: All right then. How did you happen to meet this ghost of yours, Michiru?
Michiru: Our story begins on a blazing day in the middle of that long heat wave, the temperature high enough to give a cicada heatstroke...
Michiru: That day, I'd fallen asleep with my AC cranked down to 65 degrees... and late that night, I wandered out into the courtyard to warm my chilled body...
Yumiko: You seem to be operating under a rather fundamental misconception. Air conditioning's supposed to protect you from the heat, not drive you out into it.
Michiru: Within a few minutes of wandering around in the muggy night, I was longing for the cold again. So I began to head back toward my room...
Amane: Uhhh... okay...
Michiru: But as I was passing by the school building, just outside the principal's office...
Michiru: Out of nowhere, I hear a distant vroom vroom! The sound of a chainsaw running!
Michiru: Of course, at first I thought my ears were playing tricks on me...
Michiru: But as I paused in confusion, I heard the sound again... Then again... not so far away...
Michiru: Eventually, the vroom-vrooming came to a sudden stop... and then...
Makina: And then...?
Michiru: As I peered through a nearby window into the pitch-black, deserted hallway... a dark shadow suddenly slipped by!!
Yumiko: ...!
Michiru: It really happened... I swear.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *The "ghost" Michiru encountered was definitely me, but her superstitious explanation of those events is pretty convenient.*
Makina: Th' heck? I thought ya said you saw a ghost, not a lousy shadow.
Makina: You were probably just seein' things, ya know? Musta woke up in the middle of REM sleep or somethin'. Yer brain was still off in lala-land.
Michiru: *Sigh*... You've got no romance in your heart, do you?
Makina: Nope, guess not. Unlike Chiruchiru, I'm actually livin' in reality!
Michiru: What's that supposed to mean!?
Yumiko: Hmm, I see... So that's how it is.
Amane: Huh...? Pretty low-key reaction, Sakaki-san. I thought scary stories were your weak point...
Yumiko: ...I wouldn't say they're my "weak point." Anyway, I'm fairly sure that particular ghost is harmless.
Michiru: Harmless...? How do you know?
Yumiko: Let's see... I suppose you could say it's something of an acquaintance of mine.
Michiru: Y-Yumiko... I kinda thought you didn't have many friends, but... you've been palling around with the undead behind our backs?
Makina: I can totally buy Yumi-chan as a popular kid in ghoul school!
Yumiko: ...Seems as though I've invited some rather irritating misunderstandings... In any case, rest assured. You have nothing to fear from that spirit.
Yumiko: ...Right, Kazami-kun?
Amane: Uh, why ask Yuuji?
Narration: *...Because she's figured out its real identity.*
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm familiar with that spirit as well. From what the principal tells me, it's one of those "friendly ghosts."
Yuuji: Seems it won't cause us any trouble unless we go out of our way to provoke it.
Michiru: Hmmm... if you both say so, I guess it must be true. I'll be able to sleep soundly tonight after all.
Makina: Good fer you, Chiruchiru. Now ya don't need Sacchin ta escort you to the potty at night!
Michiru: I don't call her for stuff like that! For one thing, my room's got a bathroom!
Michiru: Uh... speaking of Sachi, though... she's really been spending a lot of time holed up in her room lately...
Makina: Yeah...
Michiru: I mean, I wanted to tell her about the ghost too... but Yuuji said to leave her alone for the time being, so...
Yuuji: Yeah. She's right in the middle of planning out how to get rid of that test for you. Needs some time to think.
Michiru: I understand that, yes... but are you sure she's okay?
Michiru: I've asked Sachi for all sorts of stuff, but I've never seen her this... desperate before.
Makina: Come ta think of it, yer right. What happened ta Sacchin's service with a smile?
Yumiko: ...This request is just that difficult, I suppose.
Amane: Yeah, I tried brainstorming a little myself... but nothing remotely realistic came to mind...
Michiru: ......
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Four gazes settle on me, silently requesting a comment from the person who volunteered to undertake Michiru's request.*
Yuuji: It's fine. Yeah, Sachi's definitely got some tunnel vision right now...
Yuuji: But that's just because she's seriously concentrating on this request. It's not like she's completely oblivious to the world around her.
Makina: So we don't hafta be worried?
Yuuji: That's right. She isn't missing any meals, and she still stops by my room every day.
Michiru: Well, I guess I'll have to take the boyfriend's word for it, since you spend the most time with her... but I still can't help feeling worried...
Makina: Yeah...
Narration: *Not surprising. As the end of summer vacation approaches, Sachi's been spending more and more time shut up in her room.*
Narration: *Fortunately, the girl does seem to regard maintaining her physical health as one of her responsibilities. I'm pretty sure she's getting at least the minimum necessary nutrition and rest, but...*
Yuuji: All right. Since you're all so concerned, I'll go check up on her in a little while.
Michiru: Yeah, you do that. I think I'd feel a little better.
Makina: I want an immediate report if somethin's up with Sacchin, ya hear?
Yuuji: ...Right. Got it.
Yuuji: Well then...
Narration: *After cleaning the courtyard in Sachi's stead, I make my way over to her room, then pause outside the door.*
Narration: *Lately, Sachi hasn't been responding to knocks or even shouts from outside. It's becoming a matter of course to barge into her room first and say hello second.*
Yuuji: I'm coming in...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *When I enter the room, I'm struck with a powerful sense of deja vu. It's like I'm watching a recording of yesterday. Or the day before that.*
Narration: *Even from behind, I can tell Sachi's glaring down at her desk with intense focus. Thick reference books and piles of paper lie in messy heaps across its surface.*
Narration: *Seems like she's also been doing a little research on the computers in the school building itself, but for the last few days the vast majority of her time has been spent working alone in her room.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Oblivious to my approach, Sachi silently continues to move her eyes across the pages.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *...No reaction. Not that I'd been particularly hopeful.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi...
Sachi: Ah... Yuu-kun...
Narration: *I finally succeed in catching Sachi's attention by shaking her shoulder as I speak. Letting her book fall closed, she calmly turns her chair to face me.*
Narration: *All this is a standard part of the new "normal," but today I seem to have caught Sachi somewhat off her guard. For a moment, I can see the deep exhaustion in her face.*
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Uhm... is there something on my face?
Yuuji: No, can't say as there is... but Michiru and the others are worried, so I promised to check up on you.
Sachi: They are...? So I'm causing everyone concern once again...
Yuuji: Well, your top priority at the moment is fulfilling Michiru's request. I guess you don't have much choice but to slightly neglect the rest for the time being.
Sachi: That's true. One has to keep one's promises, after all. Only bad girls tell lies.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *"Only bad girls tell lies."*
Narration: *―If Sachi truly believes that, there's a question I need to ask her at this point.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi, mind if I ask you something?
Sachi: Not at all. Please go right ahead...
Yuuji: You told me I could leave this job to you. Is that still true?
Sachi: Yes. I'll be fine on my own.
Narration: *I avoided asking outright whether she's found a method to get rid of the test, hoping to lead her gently toward revealing the truth. But Sachi answers my question without a moment's hesitation.*
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Sachi: Yes. I assure you, I will carry it out before the day of the test arrives.
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi intently returns my gaze.*
Narration: *...I've seen eyes like these before.*
Narration: *There's none of Sachi's familiar spark of confidence, none of her composed determination...*
Narration: *These are the eyes of a human being driven into a corner. Knowing that all roads lie closed to them, still unable to accept their approaching ruin, blindly clinging to an impossible vision of the future.*
Narration: *...Sachi's eyes are clouded with a narcotic haze of denial.*
Yuuji: Well, this removes all doubt...
Sachi: All doubt of what?
Yuuji: ...Nothing. Just talking to myself.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Narration: *A slightly disconcerted expression flashes across Sachi's face, but soon enough she's regained control of her features.*
Yuuji: In that case, I'll leave it in your hands... but if something comes up, say the word and I'll help anytime.
Sachi: Thank you. It's very reassuring indeed to hear you say that, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *After ruffling Sachi's hair for a moment, I quietly leave the room.*
Narration: *If Sachi had admitted her dilemma and turned to me for help, events would probably have taken a complete 180 from their current course.*
Narration: *And in doing so, I think the answer to my problem would soon have been revealed to her.*
Narration: *But instead, Sachi brushed my offer aside and hid her struggle from me.*
Narration: *Even to the point of lying, violating her own absolute standards for "goodness"...*
Yuuji: ...Unfortunately, it seems like my preparations won't have been in vain.

Date: *August 31, 2011, 13:33 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―When someone asks you for a "symbol of summer," plenty of things probably come to mind.*
Narration: *"Cicadas." "Watermelon." "The beach." "Fireworks." "Shaved ice."*
Narration: *Anyone can make a pretty decent list out of just the obvious standards. We've all experienced every one of these at some point...*
Narration: *But for students in particular, one of the more memorable aspects of the summer experience arrives only at its very end.*
Michiru: Fuggggghhhh! Why!? Why today, of all days!?
Michiru: The weather's so beautiful that God might as well be shouting "Go forth and enjoy your final day of summer vacation!" Why, oh why, do I have to sit around doing homework!?!
Amane: Well, Michiru, that would be because you slacked off until the last possible minute.
Michiru: C'mooon, I didn't have Sachi to help this time... She always used to do the problems I couldn't figure out...
Yumiko: Unbelievable... You're having Komine-san help with your homework? She's a year below you, isn't she?
Michiru: It's not like I asked, Sachi just offered... so, you know, I sorta...
Amane: Ended up letting her spoil you rotten without even realizing it was happening?
Michiru: Yeah...
Makina: Yer hopeless, Chiruchiru. If ya end up marryin' someone who's got their act together, you're totally gonna turn inta a worthless blob in no time flat.
Michiru: W-Worthless blob...?
Makina: Allow me ta elaborate... Too lazy ta tsun, too lethargic ta dere, shakin' yer sloppy mass of dirty blond hair with every step... A big ol' flavorless plate of human jello!
Michiru: Stop it! Stop realistically forecasting my future!!
Makina: Guhuhuh! Guhuhuhuhuh!!
Yuuji: Michiru's got it tough in her own right...
Yumiko: Kazami-kun, do you have a moment?
Narration: *As I watch Michiru thrash about, her beloved twintails swinging from side to side with all the kinetic energy of a traditional Chinese lion dance, Sakaki sidles up and requests my attention.*
Yuuji: What? You haven't finished your homework either, Sakaki?
Yumiko: ...Follow me, please.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Not dignifying my attempt at humor with a response, Sakaki pivots on her heel and begins to walk. I follow obediently.*
Yumiko: Here should be fine...
Narration: *After briskly making her way up the stairs to the third floor, Sakaki stops abruptly and turns back to face me.*
Yuuji: So, why bring me all the way up here? Planning to confess your love or something?
Yumiko: ...You seem rather composed, but is there really any chance of success?
Yuuji: Ah, so that's what this is about...
Yumiko: Yes. You two accepted a request to "get rid" of the test scheduled to be held immediately after summer vacation.
Yumiko: At this point, there's practically no time left. And class starts tomorrow, which will only make it more difficult to act.
Yuuji: Absolutely right on all counts, Sakaki.
Yumiko: Do tell me, then, how on earth is Komine-san supposed to carry out her mission under the circumstances?
Yuuji: ...You'll find out soon enough.
Yumiko: ...Just how long do you plan to keep feeding me this evasive nonsense?
Yuuji: Such a cynic... I'm not being "evasive" this time.
Yumiko: What's that supposed to mean?
Yuuji: It means that Sachi's going to make her move today.
Yumiko: ...!
Yuuji: On that note, I need your help with something, Sakaki.
Yumiko: ...My help?
Yuuji: Yeah. First of all, take these.
Narration: *I reach into my breast pocket, retrieve the tickets I prepared beforehand, and hold them out for Sakaki to accept.*
Yumiko: What are these...?
Yuuji: A complimentary helicopter ride ticket. Four of them, to be exact. See Mishima Cape's beautiful night scenery spread out below you, and all that.
Yumiko: ...I see. Is this your way of asking for a slap to the face?
Yuuji: No. I'm perfectly serious.
Yumiko: Then kindly explain how these tickets have the first thing to do with stopping the test!
Yuuji: We already talked about the possibility of danger, remember? These tickets have a great deal to do with that.
Yumiko: ...In other words, this is your attempt at getting the rest of us out of harm's way?
Yuuji: Yeah. It's a win-win. You won't face any unfounded suspicion, and it'll be easier for us to act.
Yumiko: ...I see. That makes sense, I suppose.
Yuuji: Glad to hear it.
Yumiko: But do you really think I'm going to go along with this without a proper explanation?
Yuuji: Pretty much, yeah. You did promise to help me out... and I trust you, Sakaki.
Yumiko: .........
Yumiko: As always, you don't play remotely fair...
Narration: *Mumbling in a sulky tone of voice, Sakaki quietly slides the tickets into her pocket.*
Yuuji: Thanks. I owe you one.
Yumiko: I'm not doing this to earn favors from you. Anyway, what exactly do you want me to do with these?
Yuuji: Nothing special. Go enjoy the view. Just make sure you get the others to come along.
Yumiko: ...That's really all there is to it?
Yuuji: Over the last few months, I've learned all too well that corralling that group is never an easy task.
Yumiko: Well, yes... True enough, I suppose...
Yuuji: I'm counting on you to take care of them.
Yumiko: Very well. But when everything's over, I expect a very long and very detailed explanation for all this.
Narration: *Cutting off the conversation, Sakaki turns to leave the room.*
Yuuji: ...Before you go, I want to apologize.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: Sorry, Sakaki.
Yumiko: What's gotten into you now? Are you feeling guilty about hiding the full truth from me, perhaps?
Yuuji: ...You'll understand that soon enough as well.
Yumiko: ...Hmph.
Narration: *My wisecrack goes over like a lead balloon. In the end, Sakaki stalks off down the stairs in an even worse mood than before.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry for the hassle, Sakaki.
Amane: We're hooome.
Makina: Did ya miss us!?
Narration: *Just as I'm leaving my room, I hear Amane and Makina returning through the front door.*
Yuuji: That's a lot of bags. Shopping expedition, I assume?
Amane: Well, yeah... but it was a little weird out there today...
Yuuji: ...How so?
Makina: Welp, Ama-nee was wanderin' around the shoppin' district with me, bouncin' her boobies around like always...
Makina: But everyone kept sayin' stuff like "Must be rough, you two!" and givin' us tons of freebies.
Amane: We had no idea what they were talking about, you know? Felt a little awkward getting showered with all this stuff without even knowing why...
Yuuji: I see...
Amane: How about you, Yuuji? Any idea what that might be about?
Yuuji: ...Nothing comes to mind.
Yuuji: Maybe they just decided to show some appreciation for your constant patronage?
Amane: Mmm, I hope you're right, but...
Narration: *Not entirely convinced, Amane wanders slowly up the stairs to the second floor with her head tilted slightly in puzzlement.*
Makina: Hey, Onii-chan, ya seen Sacchin today?
Yuuji: Come to think of it, no... She hasn't been around.
Makina: Hmmm... if you ain't seen her, then maybe she's off shopping or somethin'.
Yuuji: That's a possibility, yeah.
Makina: Alrighty then. If you happen to run into Sacchin, let her know I was lookin' for her, okay?
Yuuji: Got it. I'll pass that on.
Makina: Thanks ya. Mmkay, I'm off t'help Ama-nee!
Yuuji: ...By snatching half-cooked food off the plate when her back's turned?
Makina: How rude! I only snatch in moderation!
Narration: *Pretty indignant, considering she's not even denying it...*
Narration: *Not bothering to offer a verbal retort, I watch Makina trot energetically up the stairs toward Amane's room.*
Yuuji: ...Assuming she's going to act today, Sachi might already have begun to make her preparations.
Yuuji: Haa...
Narration: *Sakaki's successfully coaxed the others out; the dorm lies silent and deserted. Alone on the roof, I gaze blankly out at the sinking sun.*
Narration: *I'm sure the others had questions about this sudden event - and why Sachi and I weren't coming along - but none of them got to me. Guess Sakaki was thoughtful enough to take care of that.*
Yuuji: ...Not long till nightfall.
Narration: *―I'm not particularly fond of the night.*
Narration: *To be honest, you could say that I actively dislike it.*
Narration: *"Night" is a deep and hostile blackness that swallows us whole.*
Narration: *A darkness so absolute that it feels like a premonition of death.*
Narration: *It makes us remember things we'd rather forget, images we've tried to erase from our memories. It shows us, with gut-wrenching clarity, just how weak and powerless we really are.*
Narration: *Of course, I'm aware that the same doesn't apply for everyone. But ever since that day, this is what the night has been for me.*
Yuuji: Even at a time like this, let down my guard for a minute and I start shaking like an idiot...
Narration: *And tonight, there's more to it than old traumas. The vague anxiety I've felt ever since I decided to bring Sachi "normality" is weighing heavily on my shoulders.*
Narration: *I felt the same way when I forced her to accept this request. It's something like guilt.*
Yuuji: I drove Sachi's back to the wall for my own selfish reasons. Got practically everyone I know mixed up in this as well...
Yuuji: And after all that, even if I succeed... will it really make her any happier?
Narration: *"You're gambling with someone's life here. You really all right with that?"*
Narration: *When I close my eyes, the other side of me whispers its doubts.*
Yuuji: ...Look at that, I'm trembling. Still scared of the dark at my age... Almost like a curse, isn't it?
Narration: *The students gathered in this academy all have their "quirks." And I'm no exception.*
Narration: *Right now, I'm just a piece of defense equipment, kept alive by my country for its own purposes.*
Narration: *I'm not gifted with perfect insight and judgment. I've never been a genius like my sister was... Far from it.*
Yuuji: Am I really qualified to be messing around with her life...?
Narration: *When I voice my worries, I feel sweat gathering unpleasantly in the palms of my hands.*
Narration: *Still... if I let myself flinch this late in the game, my master would probably come back to life just to kick my ass into next week.*
Narration: *That's right...*
Yuuji: No point in hesitating now. I already made my decision.
Yuuji: I'll do everything I can. And I'll believe in Sachi.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Unlock a single window in the afternoon. Use it to infiltrate the school building after dark...
Sachi: Once access is secured, quickly take the item from its hiding place and bring it inside...
Narration: *Mentally reviewing the plan I've polished over these last few days, I follow the procedure with exacting care, one deliberate step at a time.*
Narration: *From what the principal told us, the achievement test will be held the day after tomorrow.*
Narration: *However, considering the opening ceremony tomorrow and the unpredictable obstacles it will present, today is my last real chance to carry out this task.*
Narration: *But even after all my meticulous research and thorough brainstorming, I was unable to find a plausible alternative to my previous method.*
Sachi: ...It'll be all right.
Sachi: Everything worked out just fine last time. There's no inherent problem with this method...
Sachi: So long as I follow the plan to the letter and don't make any careless mistakes... everything will work out this time as well...
Sachi: It's all right... It's going to be all right...
Narration: *I repeat the words again and again, trying to convince myself they're true...*
Narration: *Trying to distract myself from the hazy dark discomfort smoldering somewhere deep inside my chest.*
Sachi: That's a bad feeling... It must be... It's not something a good girl needs...
Sachi: So I've got to stop... thinking so much...
Narration: *Regaining my calm with an effort of will, I begin to spread a certain "something" along the darkened hallway.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *The instant the liquid in the thick plastic can touches the outside air, a unique smell fills my nose.*
Narration: *...I knew this stench well even as a child, when I used to help pour new fuel into the kerosene heaters that warmed our home. But I never did come to like it.*
Narration: *As these distracted thoughts run through my head, I empty the can, then drop a rag to the floor and let the oil soak into it.*
Sachi: Now... I need only light the fire...
Sachi: ...!
Narration: *When I whisper those words to myself, I feel a voice whispering back, somewhere deep inside my mind. My hands come to a sudden stop.*
Narration: *And as my thoughts turn to the nature of that voice, I violently shake my head back and forth, pushing it all away.*
Narration: *I crouch to the ground, determined, resigned, vaguely feeling some small part of myself give up. And I reach out to the slick rag, a lighter clenched firmly in my hand.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *The small seed of flame I plant at the corner of the cotton cloth blossoms quickly. Spreading along the line of fuel, it transforms before my eyes into a full-scale fire.*
Narration: *Scorching heat batters my skin. It's not an unfamiliar sensation. I'm seized with a strange feeling... almost like nostalgia.*
Narration: *...But none of that matters any longer.*
Narration: *Since this time I deactivated the fire alarms and sprinkler system beforehand, all I need do is repeat this procedure a few times throughout the building.*
Sachi: With this... I've succeeded in carrying out Michiru-sama's request...
Sachi: Which means... I'll also find the answer to Yuu-kun's question soon enough...
Narration: *For a moment, relief blooms in my chest. And in the next―*
Sachi: Wha...?
Narration: *With the sound of a dozen showers switched on at once, the sprinklers installed in the ceiling spring to life.*
Sachi: Ah... huh?
Narration: *Before I can even understand the situation, an almost disproportionate torrent of cold water rains down, soaking every inch of the hallway.*
Narration: *The flames that were growing so vigorously only seconds before shrink with astonishing swiftness.*
Sachi: This can't be happening... Didn't I... I'm sure I did... Why...?
Narration: *Just last night, I entered the pump room and turned off every last one of the disaster prevention systems installed in this building, even testing that the sprinklers would no longer activate.*
Narration: *But all of a sudden, they're completely functional. It's simply incomprehensible.*
Sachi: !?
Narration: *"The fire's gone out!"*
Narration: *That one thought filling my mind, I run over to the rag, shelter it with my body, and desperately flick the switch of my lighter.*
Sachi: Please... catch fire...
Sachi: ...Please!!
Narration: *But the cloth's already soaked thoroughly with water. It refuses to accept the flame.*
Narration: *A water-logged piece of cotton isn't going to catch fire. I understand that rationally, but I still push the switch frantically, half-crazed with desperation and terror.*
Sachi: This can't be... why...?
???: ...So you chose this method after all.
Sachi: Huh...?
Sachi: Huh...?
Narration: *When I turn the corner into the thoroughly drenched hallway, I find Sachi crouched low on the floor, her eyes wide with shock.*
Narration: *Interesting that she came in full school uniform, not the maid outfit she finds it easiest to work in. I guess she was trying to show respect for the place, in her way.*
Sachi: Is this... Yuu-kun, did you...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Turned the sprinklers on this afternoon, if that's what you're wondering about.
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: Well, it'd be a bit of a pain in the ass if the alarms went off, so I did leave those deactivated.
Sachi: This can't be happening...
Yuuji: Carefully shutting down the preventative systems beforehand to enable setting a large-scale fire. Just the sort of plan I'd expect from you, Sachi.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: But, why? Why did you do this, Yuu-kun... Why are you here? How did you...
Yuuji: It's actually pretty simple to predict the way a competent, careful person will approach something like this.
Yuuji: If I was going to try and set fire to this building, I'd have done the exact same thing. Taking out the sprinklers was a necessity, and today was the only day to do it.
Sachi: Huh!? Wait... Yuu-kun, you knew I was planning to...?
Yuuji: Yeah. I expected you to use this method from the start.
Yuuji: And I turned the sprinklers back on because there's something I want to tell you.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Sachi's mind doesn't seem to have fully caught up with events. Her face is blank, her eyes filled with puzzlement.*
Narration: *Most likely, she hadn't even begun to consider the possibility that someone would step in to interfere at this juncture.*
Yuuji: The situation you're dealing with here is completely different from the last one. The size and construction of this building is nothing like that little wooden schoolhouse. Plus, it's equipped with state-of-the-art fire-fighting systems.
Yuuji: Disabling those beforehand was a good start, but...
Yuuji: Sprinkling kerosene around like you did last time would require a lot more fuel to be really effective. And you'd need a lot more time to spread it.
Yuuji: Considering that you absolutely have to do the job alone before anyone notices, your chances of success are virtually nil.
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: It's entirely likely you'd cause some damage here and there, but that's not going to be a huge problem. The test would just be moved to an intact classroom.
Yuuji: ...This place was designed for people like us, remember? You're not going to shut it down that easily.
Sachi: !?
Narration: *As I lay out the truth of the situation, Sachi stares up at me with disbelief and terror in her eyes.*
Sachi: T-Then... I'm going to...
Yuuji: Yeah. At this rate, you're going to fail.
Sachi: !?
Sachi: This... can't...
Narration: *The color instantly drains from Sachi's face. She slumps jerkily to the soaking wet floor like a puppet cut from its strings.*
Yuuji: Why so surprised? I'm pretty sure you knew this wouldn't work all along.
Sachi: !?
Yuuji: Otherwise, you wouldn't have been searching that intently for another way. No need for all that research if your previous method was good enough.
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: But no matter how you looked, no matter how hard you thought it over, no other solution presented itself...
Yuuji: And unable to find a genuinely viable strategy, you had no choice but to turn to your previous method.
Yuuji: Since there was no other way... even if the prospects looked dim, you could at least cling to the thought that "it worked before." Am I wrong?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: That's not... true...
Sachi: It worked fine last time... so it's going to work fine this time as well... Everything's... going to be all right...
Sachi: Because... even if there's no other way, I simply have to succeed... I can't even think about failing...
Sachi: I can't! I can't fail! It's not allowed!!
Sachi: I have to be a good girl! I have to!! No matter what it takes, I have to carry out this request!!
Narration: *I've never seen this expression on her face before. Never heard her voice so thick with emotion. The sound echoes fiercely down the dark hallway.*
Narration: *No one responds. Her anguish and desperation hang in the air for a moment, then fade into the indifferent silence, as if to symbolize her long, lonely, futile struggle.*
Yuuji: ...Tell me something, Sachi. Why are you so determined to do everything asked of you? Why're you so persistent with this "good girl" thing?
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: Getting rid of a test is a completely unreasonable demand to make of a normal human being. The others said as much, didn't they?
Yuuji: Even if you give up now, they'll probably just say "Yeah, figured as much." Nobody's going to hold it against you.
Sachi: ...You don't know that, Yuu-kun... You can't know that.
Yuuji: ...What?
Sachi: No matter how intimate you may be with someone, you can never truly know their feelings.
Sachi: Not even... if they're your own family...
Sachi: That's why I can't allow myself to fail. Not even once...
Sachi: I don't want to lose anything... so I have to be a good girl now...
Sachi: I have to study hardier than anyone else... I have to do what I'm told without fail... I have to become a person that anyone would love.
Sachi: Otherwise... everyone will go away...
Sachi: It's true... I was a bad little girl... and all the people I loved left me behind.
Sachi: My mom and dad, who were always so kind and affectionate to me...
Sachi: They got sick of my selfishness... and now they're gone...
Sachi: It was no different with you, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: I'd rather die than have the things I love taken away from me again...
Sachi: I don't want to feel that sort of pain... ever again...
Sachi: I don't want... to lose anything else! I can't fail, no matter what!!
Sachi: If I fail now, everyone will leave me again...
Sachi: Yuu-kun, who told me to be his girlfriend...
Sachi: Michiru-sama, Maki-chan, Amane-san, Sakaki-san, and Principal Tachibana!
Sachi: Everyone! Everyone I care about will leave me!!
Narration: *Sachi's feelings flow out of her in a torrent of words, her voice rising to a shout.*
Narration: *Every sentence is filled with such bitterness that it's difficult even to listen.*
Narration: *The pain of losing those who were precious to her, the sadness, the impotent anger, all jumbled together in an anguished wail.*
Narration: *―To me, it sounds like the voice of a child crying out for help.*
Yuuji: ...So then, if you become a good girl... if you succeed in this request... will you be yourself again?
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: Will acting "like a good girl should" keep the things you love safe?
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: What do you think, Sachi?
Narration: *Sachi's bared her heart to me. In return, I offer not kindness or comforting words, but a steady gaze.*
Sachi: ...Yes. Of course.
Yuuji: I see...
Yuuji: In that case, I'll grant your wish.
Sachi: What...?
Yuuji: I'm going to help you become the person you want to be. I'll make sure you complete this task.
Sachi: That's... But why...?
Yuuji: I made a promise, didn't I? I want to help you be yourself.
Sachi: E-Even so... Yuu-kun, you just said it would be virtually impossible to succeed...
Yuuji: "Virtually impossible" means there's a non-zero chance.
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: And if you're not trying to do everything alone, things change pretty dramatically.
Yuuji: As long as you really are willing to do whatever it takes, there are plenty of ways to get this done.
Sachi: I-Is that really true...?
Yuuji: Of course.
Sachi: ...Yuu-kun, are you saying you have a plan?
Yuuji: Yeah. I have a slightly different way of doing things, but it should be fine. The preliminary arrangements are already in place.
Sachi: W-When did you...
Yuuji: I assumed joint responsibility for our success on this job...
Yuuji: And when 9029 participates in a mission, failure isn't an option.
Narration: *Of course, this isn't an Ichigaya job, and I'm not going on a "cleaning" expedition.*
Narration: *Even so, I'm still my master's pupil. Asako didn't just develop my technique and cram me full of technical knowledge; she taught me a whole way of thinking.*
Narration: *No matter what the job entails, I'll face it with the resolve and focus I bring to the most dangerous missions.*
Sachi: Nine-oh-two-nine?
Yuuji: Well, it's just a number that comes with a bit of a reputation. No matter how ugly things look, 9029 pulls through.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Sachi gazes up at me as though I've descended on a cloud from heaven.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Having proposed this strategy, I naturally know full well how things are going to play out.*
Narration: *And when I think about what's coming, it takes a real effort not to turn away from that gaze.*
Sachi: ...Uhm, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: No, it's nothing.
Narration: *Shaking my head lightly to drive away that lingering touch of guilt, I settle my face into a serious expression.*
Yuuji: But since it's your perfect record at stake here, I think you should be the one to actually carry this plan out.
Sachi: Of course. If there's any part at all I can play, please allow me!
Yuuji: ...Right. In that case, there's something I want you to do for me.
Sachi: What would that be...?
Sachi: We're in... the principal's office, aren't we?
Yuuji: Yeah. This was my base camp during the initial preparations.
Narration: *Although Chizuru might be irritated to hear me say it, I needed a room no one was likely to drop by and visit.*
Sachi: In other words... you've been preparing for some time...
Yuuji: That's right. The method I came up with involved a good amount of simple spade work.
Sachi: Oh, I see...
Yuuji: Anyway, everything's more or less ready to go... but we still need the finishing touch.
Sachi: The finishing touch...?
Yuuji: I'd like you to help me with that.
Narration: *I retrieve a sizable duralumin case from behind the desk and swing it open.*
Sachi: W-What is this...? It's rather squishy, almost like clay...
Narration: *Guess it's not surprising that Sachi wouldn't recognize this stuff, no matter how broad her studies may be.*
Narration: *Well, she might have heard of it, but that probably wouldn't translate into recognizing it by sight.*
Yuuji: I'm hoping to wrap this up before midnight, so I'm not going to explain in detail at the moment. Just think of it as "clay" for now, like you said.
Sachi: ...This clay will enable us to eliminate the standardized test?
Yuuji: Yeah. Once you set some of that up in a few places, the job's done. I'll show you what needs to be done. Think you can handle it, Sachi?
Sachi: Yes. I'm quite proud of my sculpting ability. Please leave it to me!
Yuuji: ...Your artistic talents aren't really relevant, but whatever. That confidence should be more than enough to pull this off.
Sachi: ...Yes!
Yuuji: All right, first of all I'll explain how to install it... You see this deep hole here?
Sachi: Yes... and some sort of wooden boxes here and there in the hallway...
Yuuji: Well, getting all of these ready was one part of the spade work I mentioned.
Sachi: Ah, I see.
Yuuji: Anyway, when you see a hole like this, install one of these long, thin pieces of clay inside. Like so.
Yuuji: If there's a square drawn on the wall instead, set one of these square pieces of clay on top of it.
Yuuji: That's all I need you to do for me. Any questions?
Sachi: None.
Yuuji: ...Excellent. I've marked the points you need to cover on these plans, so go ahead and get started. I'll be taking care of something else in the meantime.
Sachi: Yes. Certainly.
Yuuji: ...Looks like that's about it.
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *Sachi can't fully mask the weariness in her voice or on her face. No doubt a result of all the pressure she's been under lately.*
Narration: *Our final tasks completed, we meet up in the courtyard as arranged beforehand.*
Sachi: Uhm... I really did just place some clay according to the marks on these plans...
Sachi: Will this truly enable us to prevent the test?
Yuuji: Yeah. As long as we didn't make any mistakes, it will.
Sachi: Is that so...?
Narration: *Apparently not fully buying my assurances, Sachi answers somewhat half-heartedly.*
Narration: *Of course, she doesn't have the concrete details. To her, it really was nothing more than scattering some clay around the building.*
Narration: *It'd be stranger if she wasn't a little dubious at this point.*
Yuuji: Okay, I can tell you want to see some results. Let's get moving.
Sachi: Y-Yes. Certainly...
Sachi: Uhm... Yuu-kun, where exactly are we going...?
Narration: *Sachi tagged along in silence for a good while, but eventually she's no longer able to contain her uncertainty.*
Yuuji: A place where we can overlook the school.
Sachi: Why is that necessary...?
Yuuji: ...You'll understand soon.
Yuuji: All right, I guess here will be fine...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *After about twenty minutes of walking, we reach a high place not far away.*
Narration: *There's little cover of any sort; below us, the reclaimed spit of land where our school stands lies clearly visible.*
Sachi: Well, this certainly overlooks the school... It's quite a pretty view, but... Yuu-kun, what are we going to do here...?
Yuuji: Before I answer that question, there's something I want to confirm.
Sachi: Confirm...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: You sure you want to do this? Fulfill this request?
Sachi: ...Uhm... what exactly do you mean by that?
Yuuji: You want to do what you're told without fail. To answer every demand anyone makes of you.
Yuuji: And so, you're absolutely determined to carry out even a completely unreasonable request like "getting rid of a test." That's the choice you're making here. You sure you're not going to regret it?
Sachi: Regret it...?
Yuuji: Listen to me, Sachi. This is an important question. Think it over carefully and give me an honest answer.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Sachi falls silent, a serious expression on her face. Looks like she's already started to deliberate.*
Narration: *I don't know what she's thinking. I don't know how she's reasoning her way through this question.*
Narration: *But no matter how dependent she may be on others, no matter how passive and obedient her way of life, in the end her decisions are her own. If nothing else, I want to remind her of that.*
Sachi: ...Yuu-kun, I want to carry out this request.
Sachi: I need to be a good girl... That's the only way I can be myself!
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *Then I have no choice but to make her realize.*
Narration: *Guess that's going to cause a bit of trouble for you guys, but those're the breaks. Your luck ran out the day I transferred into your class.*
Narration: *...Sorry, Sakaki. Amane. Michiru. Makina.*
Yuuji: All right, then. Throw this switch and you'll get what you want.
Narration: *With those words, I retrieve a crudely made remote control from my jacket and hand it to Sachi.*
Sachi: I just need to... throw this switch?
Yuuji: Yeah. Doesn't look like much, does it? But I guarantee you, that thing will get rid of the test.
Yuuji: Throw that switch, and you'll stay a "good girl."
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Certainly.
Narration: *―After staring down at the small box in her hands for a long moment, Sachi shifts her gaze to our school, firm conviction in her eyes.*
Makina: Wahoof... My tummy's puffed up with all that tasty Chinatown food.
Amane: Yeah, I don't think I've ever had Chinese that good before...
Makina: Chiruchiru, I'm kinda sleepy after eatin' so much. Lemme use yer lap for a pillow, okay?
Michiru: Whaaat!? Why do I have to be your pillow!? ...Only for a minute, you got that!?
Makina: Thank ya kindly, Jellojello!
Michiru: Don't call me that!
Makina: ...How 'bout Juru-juru?
Michiru: That's not even a nickname anymore! It's just a creepy sound effect!!
Amane: But not only did you treat us to a luxury all-you-can-eat buffet in Chinatown, you're taking us on a nighttime helicopter tour...
Amane: I know your family's pretty well-off, Sakaki-san, but are you sure it's okay to live it up like this?
Yumiko: Not a problem. The Chinese was the only thing I paid for, after all.
Amane: Huh? What was that?
Yumiko: ...Nothing important.
Michiru: Hey, hey, Yumiko! Is that Tokyo Tower? You know, THE Tokyo Tower!?
Yumiko: Matsushima-san... I understand that you're a little excited by your first aerial night view, but could you keep it down a little?
Michiru: So rude! This isn't my first time in the sky at night! I flew overseas a couple times, for your information!
Amane: Oh? I didn't know you've been abroad, Michiru...
Michiru: ...Yeah. That was a long time ago, though.
Makina: Hmmmm...
Amane: Anyway, this was a pretty cool thought, Sakaki-san. Pretty memorable way to spend the last day of summer vacation...
Yumiko: I suggest you direct your thanks to Kazami-kun.
Amane: Hm? Wait, why Yuuji?
Yumiko: ...Because he's the one who suggested this to me.
Amane: Oh-hoh, did he now...? So that's why you've gone "dere" on us all of a sudden.
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: Anyway, I gotta say... Tokyo's really pretty and all, but we haven't been looking at our town much, have we?
Amane: Well, yeah, can't do much about that. Mishima Cape's practically the countryside by comparison. Not nearly as flashy...
Makina: That ain't true. Look, somethin' just flashed over there!
Amane: Huh? Wait, where...?
Michiru: Ah―

Sachi: Wha...
Narration: *A brief flash of light―*
Narration: *Unlike an aerial bombing, there's no brilliant burst of flame to accompany the powerful sound of the blast. A pretty plain explosion, as these things go.*
Narration: *The school building where I've spent the last three months of my life, and Sachi nearly a year of hers, crumbles noisily before our eyes.*
Sachi: ...That's... Mihama Academy... isn't it?
Yuuji: Yeah. It was Mihama Academy, at least. We just got rid of it, along with that test.
Sachi: ...!
Sachi: Then that clay-like substance I installed earlier... was that―
Yuuji: Plastic explosives.
Yuuji: Modern Japanese architecture is world-famous for its strict building codes and sturdy engineering, you know...
Yuuji: Demolishing even a modest-sized structure requires a lot of detailed calculations, and boring into the supporting columns is a pretty involved process. Just getting the necessary amount of explosives ready was a real challenge.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: Anyway, with the building itself gone, the school won't be up and running any time soon. That test isn't going to happen.
Yuuji: In fact, I expect that's going to be the last thing on anyone's mind for a while.
Sachi: I suppose you're right...
Narration: *Sachi responds vaguely to my explanation, her tone absentminded.*
Narration: *The words seem to have left her mouth out of reflex. Her attention is clearly glued to the building below... or what's left of it, anyway.*
Yuuji: There were plenty of other formalities and preparations involved as well... Considering all the time it took to set this up, it sure disappeared pretty quickly...
Sachi: That's... true...
Yuuji: ...Something wrong? This is what you wanted, right?
Sachi: Yes... It's just as you say, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: Since there won't be any test, I've fulfilled Michiru-sama's request...
Sachi: And that means I'm still... a good girl...
Sachi: That's all I wanted... That's exactly what I've been trying so hard all this time to accomplish...
Sachi: I've succeeded... so this is rather strange... Why is my chest aching like this...?
Narration: *Apparently unable to grasp her own emotions, Sachi continues to stare down at the rubble that was once our school, her face blank with confusion.*
Yuuji: ...Can't understand where that's coming from, huh?
Sachi: Yes...
Yuuji: Well, I guess that's not surprising...
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: You've never felt uncertainty about doing what you're told, have you?
Yuuji: Never felt it necessary to even consider how obeying an order makes you feel.
Sachi: ...!
Sachi: Then... I...
Yuuji: Put a hand on your cheek.
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *Sachi obediently brings a hand to her face, and her fingers brush against a small stream of tears.*
Sachi: Huh? I'm...
Sachi: But why...?
Narration: *The girl wasn't even aware she was crying.*
Narration: *Her confusion only deepening, Sachi looks up at me with a face full of pure bewilderment.*
Yuuji: You may not be conscious of it yet, but a part of you already knows the answer to that question.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: What was that place?
Sachi: ...The school... I've been attending for the last year.
Yuuji: And?
Sachi: A place where many, many things happened... with you, Yuu-kun... and with our classmates.
Yuuji: ...Specifically? What sort of things?
Sachi: We took many different classes together...
Sachi: We played together...
Sachi: Once, we... even ate flowing somen on the roof...
Yuuji: ...Anything else come to mind?
Sachi: Recently, I shared my troubles and received a great deal of advice there...
Sachi: Advice about slightly naughty matters...
Sachi: Advice about fashion and my personal style...
Sachi: Even advice regarding the problems you asked me to solve, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: So you spent a lot of time there. What sort of memories are those?
Sachi: ...Very... happy ones, I think.
Sachi: At my previous school, I never would have thought it possible... that a classroom could be such a lively, pleasant place...
Sachi: The townspeople likened Mihama Academy to a "prison," but... when I transferred in, I found quite the opposite.
Sachi: Where the outside world had come to see me as a problem to be solved, this school accepted me...
Sachi: Michiru-sama trusted me and relied on me...
Sachi: Maki-chan told me I was her best friend...
Sachi: Amane-san taught me so many things...
Sachi: Sakaki-san always watched over me from behind...
Narration: *The words begin to flow smoothly, naturally―*
Narration: *Sachi no longer needs my questions to guide her. As she begins to understand the meaning of her tears, her honest feelings come pouring out of her mouth.*
Sachi: A place of warmth and shelter, very much like the home I once loved so much...
Sachi: That was the Mihama Academy I knew...
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: Yes, this school was a very special place for me.
Yuuji: Right...
Yuuji: And you just destroyed that special place with your own hands.
Sachi: !?
Yuuji: Since your tenth birthday, you've been clinging persistently to a single idea, telling yourself it's the one and only answer...
Yuuji: Do what you're told. Be a good girl. Never disobey...
Yuuji: And your stubborn adherence to that simplistic rule brought you to this moment.
Sachi: That can't be... Why...?
Sachi: I tried so very hard all this time... to do exactly what I was told... Why did this happen?
Sachi: If being a good girl can't protect the things I love... then what was the point of all my hard work!?
Sachi: Uugh... *Sob*... Ngh...
Sachi: This isn't right... This is all wrong...
Sachi: I didn't want this! This isn't what I wanted at all...
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Remember what you said to me just a few minutes ago?
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: You told me that being a good girl is what allows you to be yourself. That it's the only way to ensure your happiness.
Sachi: Yes...
Yuuji: Sorry, but you were wrong. That's not how this works.
Sachi: !?
Yuuji: Sure, an intelligent, pathologically helpful honor student will probably make plenty of "friends" anywhere they go.
Yuuji: You're so useful to have around, most people probably treated you nicely enough for their own convenience...
Yuuji: And when they realized what you were carrying, when you were no longer of any use to them, I guess they abandoned you quickly enough. That sort always will.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: But how about the people in this school? You think they're the same way?
Sachi: I-I'm not...
Yuuji: Do you really believe Michiru and Makina think of you as nothing but their personal lackey?
Yuuji: Do you really believe they'd abandon a friend for failing to carry out a single "order?"
Sachi: ...No, I don't...
Yuuji: ...That's right.
Yuuji: You've been so afraid of losing something that you couldn't even see what you had. You've been going through life curled up in a shell, both eyes squeezed shut.
Sachi: !?
Yuuji: In exchange for your brittle "happiness," you've lost sight of what's around you. You've lost something you didn't even know you had.
Yuuji: ...That's what I wanted you to realize.
Sachi: In trying to protect my happiness... I lost something...
Yuuji: Yeah.
Yuuji: You know, human beings may be the smartest animals currently strutting around the earth, but that doesn't mean we're the wisest.
Yuuji: No matter how much we learn or how advanced our civilization becomes, we're still complete idiots about the simplest things...
Yuuji: When it comes right down to it, we don't realize how precious anything is until we lose it.
Yuuji: I might be giving you a pretty pompous lecture right now, but I'm no exception to that rule myself.
Sachi: Then... Yuu-kun, you've also...
Yuuji: Yeah.
Yuuji: There was a reason I couldn't promise to play with you on your birthday. My sister had died in an accident.
Yuuji: And with her gone, my family crumbled in on itself like a house of cards. I'm the only one who got through it alive.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: I had... no idea, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Of course you didn't. I never told you.
Sachi: So... Yuu-kun, was this all your attempt to teach me what you learned then...?
Yuuji: ...Not entirely. I also wanted to learn something about you.
Sachi: About me...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Yuuji: There was a time when you could've asked me for anything, and all you requested was my praise...
Yuuji: That's the one thing I've never really understood.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: But after hearing your feelings just now, I think I finally found my answer.
Narration: *I turn Sachi toward me and softly rest my hand on her head.*
Yuuji: ...It's been a long and lonely road, hasn't it? You did good, Sachi. You really did.
Sachi: !?
Narration: *Speaking in the gentlest tone of voice I can manage, I affectionately ruffle Sachi's hair.*
Narration: *Her eyes open wide as saucers. And in the next moment, fat tears are running down her face.*
Sachi: Uuu... *Sob*...
Sachi: Yuu-kun, I... I...
Yuuji: ...You were waiting to hear those words, weren't you?
Narration: *Utterly lost, overwhelmed by pain, sadness, and confusion, waiting for someone to show her the way forward―*
Narration: *Waiting for someone to see the crushing guilt she carried, to know the punishment she levied on herself every moment of every day, and to tell her "you've done enough."*
Sachi: ...Perhaps... you're right...
Sachi: I've been... so afraid, for so long...
Sachi: When I got good grades on my tests... or helped out around the house... Mom and Dad would always smile and praise me...
Sachi: But all of a sudden, they turned so very cold...
Sachi: The home I loved so much... was filled with the droning of machines...
Sachi: And in the end... they left me forever...
Sachi: All because... I'd been such a selfish little girl... If only I'd been good... If only I'd listened, they would have stayed...
Sachi: So I decided never to fail again... to become the good girl I should have been all along...
Yuuji: ...I see.
Yuuji: Then I suppose I'm the only one who can tell you this now.
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: You don't have to be a good girl anymore...
Yuuji: I understand your feelings. I understand how hard you've tried... You've done more than enough.
Yuuji: You can rest now.
Sachi: ...Is that... really so...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah.
Sachi: Do I really... not have to be a good girl anymore...?
Yuuji: Yeah. It's true.
Sachi: !!
Sachi: Uu... uuu... *Sob*... uuu!
Sachi: Waaaaaaaaahhhhh!!!
Narration: *Her tenth birthday, a day that should have been full of happy memories, ended in unimaginable tragedy.*
Narration: *Ever since, Sachi's lived a half-life, bound tightly by the irrational guilt of a child. Until this moment.*
Narration: *The "good girl" she never truly was, the role she forced herself to play all this time, evaporates with her tears into the warm night.*
Narration: *All this time, she's suffered quietly, locking her constant fear and pain somewhere out of sight...*
Narration: *Nobody can erase those years, or the mark they've left on her.*
Narration: *And nobody can undo the accident that ruined her life.*
Narration: *There's one and only one thing I can do for Sachi right now.*
Narration: *―Hold her shaking body in my arms until her tears run dry.*
Sachi: ...*Hic*... *Sob*...
Sachi: I apologize... I'm all right now...
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *When she's cried her fill, Sachi firmly wipes her cheeks dry and raises her head from its resting place against my chest.*
Sachi: I do apologize for the unsightly spectacle...
Yuuji: Nothing to worry about. A girl's tear-stained face is a special privilege reserved for her boyfriend.
Sachi: ...Oh, so seeing me cry is a reward for you?
Yuuji: I did just blow up a school for you, remember? I don't think it's too much to ask.
Sachi: Come to think of it... we really did destroy Mihama Academy, didn't we...?
Sachi: Although it's such a shock that none of this feels particularly real yet...
Yuuji: ...Yeah, we did. Probably going to cause Sakaki and company a lot of trouble. Not to mention everyone who works there.
Sachi: Ah...
Sachi: Wait, is everyone all right!? Was the dormitory damaged!?
Narration: *As she finally realizes the potential for collateral damage involved with this little show, the color drains from Sachi's face.*
Yuuji: Don't worry about them. They're in a safe place.
Sachi: T-That's very good to hear...
Narration: *An expression of pure relief spreading across her face, Sachi brings a hand to her chest as if to slow the frantic beating of her heart.*
Narration: *It's a simple, earnest gesture, one that speaks volumes about her feelings toward our classmates.*
Sachi: But even so, we truly have made a spectacular nuisance of ourselves... Perhaps we should consider cutting our stomachs open in apology...?
Yuuji: That would kind of make this whole thing pointless, don't you think?
Sachi: Come to think of it, I suppose you're right...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *It feels like it's been an awfully long time since I've had one of these distinctive "pure Sachi" moments.*
Narration: *That brings me a slight sense of relief. Somehow, it makes me feel like all this wasn't a waste of effort on my part.*
Yuuji: Well, we can't exactly go put the school back together again, but...
Yuuji: Like I told you before, I spent some time on the planning phase here. And a big part of that was figuring out how to keep the damage and fuss to a minimum.
Sachi: Now that you mention it... considering the size of that explosion, there doesn't seem to be much of an uproar...
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I guess we've got to thank Chizuru and JB for that one.
Sachi: In other words... Harudera-san and Principal Tachibana were aware this would happen?
Yuuji: When we entered the principal's office, didn't you notice that most of the books and documents were missing?
Sachi: No... I can't say that I did...
Yuuji: Well, I guess you had other things to worry about at the time... but in any case, yeah. I got myself in some pretty serious debt to make this happen.
Sachi: ...J-Just how large of a debt would that be?
Yuuji: Let's see... Even if I worked the rest of my life for free, I doubt I'd be able to pay this one back...
Yuuji: Handle this sort of thing wrong, and there's a possibility I end up getting disposed of through an "accidental death."
Sachi: That's... horrible! And you still did all this? That's just...
Yuuji: From what I'd seen, this was the only way I'd get through to you. You needed to fail through success.
Yuuji: If all I wanted was to get rid of that test, I could have just asked Chizuru.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: I hadn't even considered such a possibility...
Yuuji: Exactly the reason I had to blow up the school instead.
Sachi: ...!
Narration: *Sachi draws a sharp little breath and looks away, a tinge of sadness and guilt in her eyes.*
Yuuji: You know, Sachi...
Sachi: Y-Yes...?
Yuuji: A little while ago, I said you were wrong to think being a "good girl" would protect your happiness.
Yuuji: But to be honest, I can't say your way of thinking was entirely mistaken.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: As a kid, you struggled desperately to find that answer. It got you back on your feet.
Yuuji: You fought hard all this time, living by that belief. And eventually, you found people who understand you and care about you. You found what you were looking for.
Yuuji: That's not a way of life you need to be ashamed of.
Sachi: !
Yuuji: But there's one important thing to keep in mind...
Yuuji: You can't allow yourself to lose sight of what you're trying to protect.
Sachi: What... I'm trying to protect...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: No one's asking you to change who you are. You're probably going to keep on being a pretty good kid, and that means people are going to keep asking you for favors.
Yuuji: And that's fine. All you need to do is think over every request individually.
Yuuji: Think about what they're asking you, and why. Think about whether it's reasonable. Think about the consequences of saying yes, and then accept or decline.
Yuuji: I know you're capable of making those decisions for yourself, Sachi.
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: But if your confidence ever wavers, come to me and we'll talk it over together.
Yuuji: I'll rack my brains with you until you make up your mind one way or the other.
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: ...There's not much else I can do, but I'll always be there to listen.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Hearing those words... I believe I finally understand.
Yuuji: ...Understand?
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: There was another question you asked me, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: That day on the beach, you asked why I pulled your sleeve... I think I've found my answer.
Yuuji: ...Come to think of it, I did ask something like that.
Sachi: Yes... and it left me entirely stumped at first. In the end, I asked the others for their thoughts.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *So I guess that would explain the "regular meetings" Sakaki mentioned the other day.*
Sachi: And according to our classmates, the answer was in fact quite obvious...
Sachi: They thought I had simply fallen in love with you, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Sachi: ...Was that the correct answer?
Yuuji: Why ask me? Probably faster to ask your heart. Or hormones, if you're feeling pragmatic.
Sachi: I suppose you're probably right about that...
Sachi: I believe they were right... For some time now, I believe I've been guided by a single emotion above all others...
Yuuji: ...What makes you think that?
Sachi: Just a little while ago, I was feeling perfectly normal...
Sachi: But now, just by being at your side, my heart's pounding like a drum.
Narration: *Blushing an unusually vivid shade of red, Sachi smiles up at me.*
Narration: *Among all the expressions I've seen on her face these past few months, I think this might just be the single most natural. And the happiest.*
Yuuji: ...I see.
Sachi: Please allow me to make the formal announcement...
Narration: *Pausing briefly, Sachi closes her eyes and takes a deep breath.*

Sachi: I, Komine Sachi, love you, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: So if it's all right with you... I'd very much like to keep being your girlfriend.
Narration: *She speaks her feelings plainly and directly, the smile never leaving her face.*
Narration: *It's almost like I'm looking at a memory of the Sachi I knew as a child; there's a slightly enjoyable tickle of embarrassment in my chest.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *...Well, seems I managed to win the girl over somehow, but this one gives as good as she gets.*
Narration: *I came up with a lot of pretty decent justifications for trying to help her...*
Narration: *Repaying the kindness she showed me as a child, discovering the meaning of my master's words. Et cetera, et cetera.*
Narration: *But to be honest, it's a lot less complicated than that.*
Narration: *I've been slowly but surely falling in love with Sachi for a while now.*
Narration: *You want the girl you love to be smiling.*
Narration: *When something's making her suffer, you want to get rid of it.*
Narration: *―That's really all there was to it.*
Sachi: Uhm, Yuu-kun... is the long silence really necessary...? It's making me rather nervous...
Yuuji: Hrm... but your anxious face isn't half-bad either.
Sachi: ...You're a bully after all, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Don't get sulky. You're going to have to put up with this sort of thing on a regular basis from now on.
Sachi: Ah... er, does that mean...
Yuuji: Of course, if my pomposity has finally set off some warning bells, you can withdraw your candidacy before it's too late.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: No. I'm afraid you're stuck with me as well.
Narration: *Breaking into an ear-to-ear grin, she throws herself forward against my chest.*
Narration: *Something about the pleasant warmth of her body brings the vague feelings I've been carrying all this time into sharp focus.*
Sachi: ...I'm not very bright, am I?
Sachi: Yuu-kun, you asked me to be your girlfriend...
Sachi: You told the others you would accept their requests in my place...
Sachi: And you gave me so many words of encouragement and advice...
Sachi: But it took so very long for me to understand their meaning.
Yuuji: ...I don't see the problem.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: This isn't a race. How long it took you to see what you were missing isn't important.
Yuuji: What really matters is how clearly you understand where you went wrong, and how well you make use of that knowledge from now on.
Sachi: That's... a wonderful sentiment...
Yuuji: ...Can't take the credit. I'm quoting someone who helped me find my own way of life. A while ago now.
Sachi: In other words, your Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: The hell's that supposed to mean...?
Sachi: You've always helped me find my way, Yuu-kun. Yesterday and today, then and now. That's what it means.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Nice to hear. I'll have to take Sachi's word for it, though. I really don't remember doing that much for her.*
Narration: *But even if I'm not the half the person my master was, I left a mark on Sachi's heart back then...*
Narration: *And maybe, in helping her now, I've managed to pay off some small part of the debt of gratitude I owe Asako.*
Sachi: In any case... it was very kind of you to say that I don't need to change who I am...
Sachi: But I'm afraid I'll likely never be the "good girl" I was again...
Yuuji: Sorry, what does that mean?
Sachi: You told me you wanted me to "be myself"...
Sachi: I think that means both the selfish person I was and the good person I've tried to become...
Sachi: I'm not fully me unless I accept every part of myself, am I?
Yuuji: ...I see. Yeah, that's one way of looking at it.
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: And at the moment, I'm in the mood to be quite selfish indeed.
Yuuji: ...Selfish?
Sachi: You taught me something very precious today, and my gratitude is proving very nearly irrepressible...
Sachi: And above all else, I want to make you understand just how in love with you I am.
Narration: *The words are barely out of Sachi's mouth before she brings her face to mine.*
Sachi: Mm...
Narration: *Just like that, she softly kisses me.*
Narration: *For the first time, I feel the warmth of her lips against mine.*
Sachi: Fmm... mmn...
Narration: *A long, gentle kiss, as if to affirm our mutual feelings.*
Narration: *As I savor that simple pleasure, I wrap my arms firmly around Sachi, pulling the weight of her body against me.*
Sachi: Mmmm... haa...
Narration: *For a long moment, Sachi closes her eyes and focuses entirely on the movement of her lips. When she finally pulls back to draw breath, her mouth leaves mine with palpable reluctance.*
Sachi: I love you, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: Then and now... and from now on, as well...
Yuuji: Yeah. Same to you, kid.
Sachi: ...Expressing your feelings and having them returned in kind is a truly wonderful thing.
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Sachi: I had wondered for some time why you wouldn't kiss me... Why you never took our sexual encounters to their natural conclusion...
Sachi: But now I think I understand that as well.
Yuuji: Oh? Let's hear it, then.
Sachi: Because of this moment. Because what I'm feeling right now is a very precious thing.
Yuuji: ...Nice work, as always.
Sachi: ...Heheh. Thank you very much.
Narration: *With an amused smile and words of thanks, Sachi offers me a polite little bow.*
Narration: *I've heard the same many times before. But now that I fully understand just how much I care about the girl, the sincere gratitude in her voice inspires a wave of happiness that takes me by surprise in its intensity.*
Sachi: And so, I would ask that you allow me to keep expressing my feelings from this day forward...
Sachi: Including the things I wasn't able to say before... All of my feelings...
Yuuji: You sure do ask a lot, don't you?
Sachi: I suggest you brace yourself. After all, you were my first love as well...
Yuuji: ...Yeah. I'll strengthen my resolve.
Narration: *So Sachi can smile like this after all.*
Narration: *Another small jolt of elation runs through my body. And this time, I'm the one who moves my lips to hers.*
Sachi: Mm...
Sachi: Mmmn...
Narration: *It's a bolder kiss than our first.*
Narration: *I'm nearly shoving my mouth against Sachi's, forcefully expressing my affection and desire.*
Sachi: Mm, mmn...
Narration: *In a momentary pause, I take a survey of the situation. Sachi's squeezed her eyes shut bashfully; the blush on her cheeks has gradually taken on a more vivid shade of red.*
Sachi: Nhaa... mnnnn!?
Narration: *And as she opens her mouth to catch her breath, I instantly slip my tongue inside.*
Sachi: Mmf! Mmmn!
Narration: *Startled, Sachi tries to pull her face back, but I squeeze her tightly against me and cut off her escape.*
Sachi: Mmmn! Mn... *Smack*... *Smack*...
Narration: *But soon enough, she understands what I'm trying to do, and I feel the tension drain slowly out of her body.*
Sachi: *Smack*... *Slrp*... haa... *Slrp*...
Narration: *As Sachi's resistance weakens, my tongue begins to move smoothly through her mouth, filling the air with suggestive wet little sounds.*
Sachi: *Smack*... ha... mnn... fmm...
Narration: *Our tongues intertwine, break apart, then find each other again, swapping spit with every movement.*
Sachi: Haa, Yuu-kun... Mm... *Slurp*... *Smack*
Narration: *Stopping to breathe would be a waste of time. Right now, thoroughly exploring her mouth feels like the most important thing in the world.*
Sachi: Ha, mmn... *Smack* *Slurp*...
Narration: *Gradually, Sachi begins to respond more and more assertively.*
Sachi: Nnf... *Smack*... aah, nn...
Narration: *No longer content with just to parrying my attacks, she actively tries to twine her tongue around mine.*
Sachi: Fmm! Mm... *Smack*... nnn... nnh!
Narration: *Out of respect for her admirable efforts, I push my tongue forward with redoubled intensity.*
Sachi: Mmm! Mm, haah. *Smack*... hmnn...
Narration: *Unlike our gentle first kiss, there's an element of erotic pleasure to this.*
Narration: *The physicality of it seems to have tripped some switch in my unconscious mind. I can feel sexual excitement beginning to build up inside me.*
Sachi: ...Phah! Hah, hah... haaa...
Narration: *When I finally draw back, Sachi gasps noisily, shoulders heaving as she gulps up the warm night air. Guess she was holding her breath ever since I stuck my tongue in her mouth.*
Yuuji: ...So? Thoughts on your first French kiss?
Sachi: Uhm... it was very intense... Halfway through, my head went entirely blank...
Yuuji: Pretty honest.
Sachi: ...Yes. After all, I want you to love the person I really am.
Yuuji: Cheeky brat...
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *In a dubiously effective effort to disguise my happiness, I squeeze Sachi tightly with both arms.*
Sachi: It's very strange... Even though being hugged this hard is rather painful, I can't help feeling that I'd like this to last forever...
Yuuji: ...Same goes for me.
Sachi: So we've found another point of agreement.
Narration: *Loosening my grip around Sachi's waist, I bring my right hand up toward her chest.*
Yuuji: Heads up. I'm going for your breasts now.
Sachi: By all means, feel free. My lips, my chest, and all the rest of me belong to you...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Every once in a while, this girl really does give you a little jolt of surprise...*
Yuuji: I'll take you up on that.
Narration: *I bring my hand forward to Sachi's right breast, then slowly but firmly begin to massage it through her clothing.*
Sachi: Nnn...
Narration: *Thanks to the thick protection of her uniform and brassiere, it doesn't yield easily to my fingers.*
Sachi: Mm... nnn... mnnn...
Narration: *Even so, it seems the stimulation is getting through. Every time I move my hand, Sachi gives a little grunt.*
Sachi: Mm... Yuu-kun's hand... is touching me...
Yuuji: Yeah. Just getting started on that front, actually.
Sachi: Of course... mmn. If you'll truly be satisfied with my meager body... please touch it to your heart's content...
Yuuji: You really do talk like a masochist sometimes, don't you?
Sachi: No doubt an unconscious attempt to ensure compatibility with a sadist like yourself...
Yuuji: I admire the attempt to put a positive spin on things, but I can't say I remember you playing the submissive type when we were kids.
Sachi: W-Well, back then... you weren't such a bully all the time, so I didn't have to...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *It's a seriously childish little excuse.*
Narration: *But right now, even that inspires affection. Before I know it, my hand's moving more boldly than before.*
Sachi: Nhha, hah... nnn...
Narration: *Massaging the entire breast with the palm of my hand, I move my fingers in vigorous circles at its very tip.*
Sachi: Nhaa... nn, that's... a rather lewd way to touch someone, I must say...
Yuuji: I think I'll choose to take that as a compliment.
Sachi: Aaah, nn! Haa... nnn...
Narration: *Every time my fingertips brush against her sensitive nipples, Sachi's body twitches slightly against me.*
Sachi: Yuu-kun... must you keep touching me there...? Nn, it's a bit much...
Yuuji: Sorry, but that's kind of the point. I want you aroused ASAP.
Sachi: Mm, ah... that's not f... ha, nnn!
Narration: *I forge ahead, completely ignoring Sachi's protests. Soon enough, the slow and steady stimulation leaves her squirming, as if impatient for more.*
Yuuji: ...So I guess you want me to grope them directly now?
Sachi: T-That's no way to talk to a girl... you bully...
Yuuji: I notice you're not denying it.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *After a moment spent enjoying Sachi's crimson face, I unbutton her school uniform and roll up the brassiere underneath.*
Sachi: Aah...
Narration: *Her chest fully exposed, Sachi's face takes on a distinctly bashful expression.*
Narration: *A perfectly normal reaction for a girl of her age, but a bit novel in Sachi's case. I can't deny finding it distinctly cute.*
Yuuji: Nice tits, as always.
Sachi: As always... So you've thought as much before?
Yuuji: Yeah, they're shapely and perky. Looks like they've been well taken care of... Guess a diligent type like you never forgets her bra.
Sachi: But... my breasts aren't large like Amane-san's...
Yuuji: True, Amane's got some sizable udders. Probably not a bad grope in their own right...
Sachi: ......
Sachi: In that case... I suppose you'll just have to play with my breasts until they get bigger.
Yuuji: Look at you talking dirty...
Sachi: I am a slutty maid, after all.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Every stupid little joke out of her mouth somehow manages to hit me right in the soft spot.*
Narration: *Feeling my chest grow warm, I reach out and lay my hands on her bare breasts.*
Sachi: Hyaa... nn... nnn...
Narration: *Apparently my fingers are comparatively cold from exposure to the outside air; Sachi gives a little start.*
Sachi: Wait... ah, ahn...
Narration: *In contrast, Sachi's chest is pleasantly hot.*
Narration: *Enjoying the warmth against my hands, I begin to grope both her breasts at once.*
Sachi: Nhaa, nn... I had no idea my breasts could change shape like this...
Yuuji: Well, I'm grabbing pretty hard... Doesn't hurt, does it?
Sachi: No... Somehow, it feels even nicer than last time...
Yuuji: ...Hmm.
Narration: *Having sex with a prostitute tends to be a hell of a lot less pleasurable than sleeping with a lover, even when it's the same woman wearing different hats. Or so the guys at work used to tell me.*
Narration: *I haven't had much experience with the romantic side of the equation, but it definitely does seem to add something. A satisfying sense of possession, maybe? Human beings are pretty damn self-centered creatures...*
Sachi: Aha, nn... nnn... hyan!
Yuuji: What do we have here? Somebody's getting hard all of a sudden.
Sachi: Uhm... but I don't have a penis...
Yuuji: ...I wasn't calling you a dickgirl. Nipples get hard too, idiot.
Sachi: Wah... T-That's true... The scales have fallen from my eyes...
Narration: *Apparently her self-declared change in personality hasn't cured Sachi of her tendency for the airhead moment.*
Sachi: Nhya! Ah!
Narration: *I pinch her stiff nipples to reinforce my point; she responds with sharp little shrieks.*
Yuuji: Bit too strong?
Sachi: N-No... it wasn't that it hurt. I suppose I was slightly surprised by how nice it felt... Uhm, but perhaps...
Yuuji: Guess there's no problem, then.
Sachi: Huh? Well, uhm... mnnn!
Narration: *Taking full advantage of her bashful hesitance to object, I immediately continue my caresses.*
Sachi: Hyaaah, nnnn...
Narration: *I roll her breasts up in the palm of my hands as if kneading dough, my fingers focusing intently on her nipples in particular.*
Narration: *Based on the intelligence I gathered during our first sexual encounter, it's fair to conclude Sachi's unusually weak to this method of attack.*
Sachi: Aaah! Hng... nn, haa...
Narration: *I methodically exploit that vulnerability. Sachi reacts sensitively to the movements of my fingers, panting heavily in between little gasps of surprise and pleasure.*
Sachi: Haa, nnn... it almost tickles, but also feels nice... This is a rather strange feeling...
Narration: *In an attempt to brace herself against the increasingly intense stimulation, Sachi clings tightly to the sleeve of my shirt.*
Yuuji: Sounds like your body's all grown up now. Brings a tear to my eye.
Sachi: But... ah, nn! At this rate, I'm going to... turn into a naughty girl...
Yuuji: Don't worry. I'll take responsibility.
Sachi: Huh...? Er, what does that... nnn! Ah... Yuu-kun!
Narration: *Her question interrupted by a well-timed nipple pinch, Sachi jerks backward slightly in an instinctive attempt at escape.*
Yuuji: Go ahead and enjoy this, all right? You've got permission.
Sachi: But this... mm! Feels almost... too good...
Yuuji: All right then, seems you're getting pretty sensitive... Guess we might as well get started down here...
Sachi: Uhm... well, I don't...
Narration: *Pretending not to notice that Sachi's got some reservations about this proposal, I lower my left hand and bring it to rest against her abdomen.*
Sachi: Mmm...
Narration: *...And even that gets me a little grunt of pleasure. The girl really has gotten sensitive all of a sudden.*
Narration: *No need to waste time, then. I smoothly roll Sachi's skirt up past her waist with one hand.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Although her underwear's now fully visible, Sachi doesn't attempt to protest. Seems she's prepared for what comes next.*
Narration: *Out of respect for her brave resolve, I immediately lower my right hand to her panties and begin to stroke.*
Sachi: Hnaaah!!
Narration: *She practically screams in response; my fingertips are quickly damp.*
Narration: *Apparently my extended breast-groping strategy paid off. The girl's already wet enough to be leaking straight through her underwear.*
Yuuji: A little kissing with some light breast massage and you're already sopping wet...?
Sachi: ...P-Please keep these thoughts to yourself! I'm not immune to shame, you know...
Narration: *Sachi's face flashes a brilliant shade of red yet again.*
Narration: *The girl just called herself a "slutty maid" not five minutes ago, but she finds this embarrassing? I'll never understand the workings of the female mind.*
Yuuji: My bad. Guess I'll have to get you horny enough to forget about all that...
Sachi: Nhah! Ahn! Ah...
Narration: *As I begin to rub my fingers along the line of her vagina, Sachi twitches reflexively in surprise.*
Sachi: Nfh! Nn! Ahn! Haa...
Narration: *I gently trace up and down at a slow, steady rhythm, her wetness growing more pronounced with every pass.*
Sachi: Ahnn, nn... this is rather intense...
Narration: *After only a handful of repetitions, my fingers have grown slippery with her fluids.*
Yuuji: You're a well-lubricated one, as always...
Sachi: That's... nn! Your fault... When you touch me like this, I...
Yuuji: Go on. What happens when I touch you?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: My b-body... gets all twitchy, nnn! And my belly feels... all tingly...
Yuuji: And then the flood. I see.
Sachi: So... if I've become a little naughty, I think it's your fault, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Hoh... really determined to pass the buck, huh?
Narration: *Slipping her now sopping-wet underwear to one side, I run an index finger directly along the lips of her vagina.*
Sachi: Nhyaaa!!
Narration: *The movement produces a surprisingly loud and highly obscene little squelching noise. Sachi bends backward from the waist with a shriek.*
Yuuji: Really doubt I'm entirely responsible for this...
Sachi: M-Maybe not... but even so, it's at least 90% your fault, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Pretty stubborn, aren't we...
Sachi: C-Can we... stop dwelling on this? Yes, I think it would be best if we got back to business...
Yuuji: ...Sure. Just keep in mind, you asked for it.
Sachi: Huh...?
Narration: *With a smug little smirk, I bring one finger to Sachi's plumply swollen clitoris, wetting it with her own fluid.*
Sachi: Nhaaah! Ah, aahhnnn!
Narration: *It's probably the most sensitive spot of the body for any woman, and Sachi's already pretty strongly aroused. She twitches uncontrollably with every touch.*
Narration: *Once I've gotten the clit nice and moist, I begin to gently but insistently rub it back and forth with the pad of my thumb.*
Sachi: Aaahn! Nn, don't! Yuu-kun...!
Yuuji: Feels a lot better than rubbing it through your underwear, right?
Sachi: If anything, that's... the problem! Nnh! It's too much... I can't think straight!!
Yuuji: Well, I know it's a pretty sensitive spot, but I'm sure a pure young lady like yourself can deal with it.
Sachi: Nnn! Stop... Yuu-kun, you bully...!
Yuuji: ...Okay then. Willing to admit this isn't all my fault?
Sachi: ...I admit it...
Yuuji: ...Excellent.
Sachi: "Excellent"...? Was making me say that your real objective here?
Yuuji: Heh. That's what you get for trying to make me the bad guy.
Sachi: W-What a shock... It seems you're an exceptionally immature individual...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *"Look who's talking, kid..."*
Narration: *Instead of offering a verbal retort, I turn my hand and slightly crook one finger, pushing lightly against the lips of Sachi's vagina.*
Sachi: Nhaah! Ah...
Narration: *The palm of my hand rubs roughly against her clitoris, sending Sachi into another minor twitching fit.*
Yuuji: I'm going to try and put my finger in a little, all right?
Sachi: Y-Yes... certainly...
Narration: *Clearly a little unsettled, Sachi reaches out and takes a firm grip on my arm as if to steady herself. I'm willing to bet this is another first for her.*
Narration: *I bend my finger still further, and with only a moment of slight resistance, the tip sinks a little way inside her.*
Sachi: Nhaah! Ah... Y-Yuu-kun's finger... is inside me...
Narration: *Squeezing her eyes tightly shut, Sachi states the obvious to no one in particular.*
Yuuji: I'll move nice and easy for now...
Sachi: Nnn... y-yes...
Narration: *As promised, I move my finger slowly and gently.*
Sachi: Aaah... ah, nnn!
Narration: *Repeating small, shallow thrusts and retreats, I lightly massage her inner walls.*
Sachi: Nhaah! Ah, this is... so strange...
Sachi: It's moving... inside me... nnn!
Narration: *Stimulated in an unfamiliar way in a place she's never even touched herself, Sachi's tone of voice suggests she's slightly disconcerted.*
Narration: *In an attempt to soften her unease, I move my free hand to her left breast and resume caressing it.*
Sachi: Hyaau! Nn! Nn! Aaah...
Narration: *Sachi's concentration had completely wandered down south, so this apparently comes as something of a surprise attack. She lets out a reflexive little shriek.*
Sachi: Aha, ah... wait, this isn't... I'm... nn!
Narration: *The simultaneous stimulation is clearly effective. Only a few seconds after I began, Sachi's breathing is already growing rough and ragged with pleasure.*
Sachi: Aah! Ahn... ah, nnn!!
Narration: *But when I start to move my fingers more rapidly inside her vagina, Sachi grabs my arm strongly, sending a clear physical message to stop.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry. Bit too hard?
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa...
Sachi: N-No, that wasn't the issue... It just that, at this rate I'm going to...
Yuuji: Get off?
Sachi: Yes... and this time, if I'm going to reach climax... I want it to be together with you, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: So... I'd like you to finally take my first today. Please...
Yuuji: ...All right. Thanks, Sachi.
Narration: *Her feelings are simple and sweet and altogether a hell of a lot better than I deserve. Unable to fight down an answering surge of affection, I gently wrap my arms around her for a long moment.*
Narration: *After searching out the most even and soft patch of ground in the area, I lay down my jacket as a makeshift blanket, then carefully lower Sachi on top of it.*
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *Laid out on her back, Sachi peers up at me with anxiety in her eyes.*
Yuuji: All right down there? Your back doesn't hurt or anything, does it?
Sachi: No, I'm all right... I'm a good bit tougher than I look, you see...
Yuuji: True enough, but a coat isn't much of a blanket... Maybe a different position would―
Sachi: I'd like to do it this way...
Yuuji: ...Oh?
Sachi: This way... I can see your face, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Reaching up, Sachi holds a hand tenderly against my cheek.*
Narration: *The warmth of her smile matches the warmth of her hand; all of a sudden, my own feelings are coming to a boil.*
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Narration: *We call each other's names in standard sappy-lovebird style, then trade a few quick little kisses.*
Sachi: Uhm... in my previous school, I was once told that your first time hurts rather intensely... "like having a daikon radish jammed inside you," to quote...
Yuuji: ...Were your classmates frequently raped by vegetables?
Sachi: Leaving aside her sexual history... deflowering is in fact a painful experience, is it not?
Yuuji: Depends, but if the hymen's intact there's often some pain and bleeding.
Sachi: So it was true after all...
Yuuji: Well, if you're not up for it yet we can always call it a day.
Sachi: No... If I'm with you, I'm quite confident I can endure anything.
Sachi: Therefore, no matter how much pain I may be in... please do continue to the very end.
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Doubt I'd be able to stop at this point, to be honest.
Sachi: I'm very happy to hear you say that...
Narration: *Smiling up at me, Sachi lets the tension drain from her body, physically signaling her complete acceptance and trust.*
Narration: *No need to keep her waiting. I unbutton my trousers and bring out my penis, already fully erect.*
Sachi: Wah... Hello there, Mr. Penis...
Yuuji: Why so surprised? You already saw it in the bath, didn't you?
Sachi: True, we were introduced, but I'm afraid we've been out of touch for quite some time...
Yuuji: Just for the record, that's a really weird way to put it.
Sachi: I do apologize... Well then, please go right ahead...
Yuuji: ...Yeah, don't mind if I do.
Narration: *Refocusing on the business at hand, I exhale heavily, then slowly guide my penis to the entrance of Sachi's vagina.*
Sachi: Hyaaah! Nn...
Narration: *I'm only rubbing the tip up against the outside, but she's already trembling violently. Then again, she was about five seconds away from hitting orgasm, so I guess her body's still pretty sensitive.*
Sachi: Nn... Yuu-kun... uhm, aren't you going to put it in?
Yuuji: Take it easy. I'm just getting Mr. Penis here wet so he'll go in nice and smooth.
Sachi: V-Very wise, Yuu-kun... Just the sort of quality I've come to expect from the Kazami brand...
Narration: *I have no idea what she's even talking about anymore. Seems like anything I say right now is going in one ear and out the other.*
Narration: *Just to look at her, it's obvious that the girl's incredibly nervous at the moment.*
Yuuji: Okay, I'm gonna go ahead and put it in.
Sachi: Y-Yes... please go right ahead...
Narration: *After guiding the head of my penis directly to her vaginal opening, I steadily advance my waist.*
Sachi: Aaaaaaah! Aagh!!
Narration: *As Sachi screams in earnest, I feel myself break through something and push my way inside her.*
Sachi: Nggh... mmn, nnn...
Narration: *I went in gently and with plenty of lubrication, but judging from the grimace on Sachi's face, it still caused her a lot of pain.*
Yuuji: You all right, Sachi...?
Sachi: Y-Yes... nngh. Is it... all in now?
Yuuji: ...No. Just the tip.
Sachi: Hah, nn... in that case, please keep going until the end... I'm quite all right, I assure you...
Yuuji: Got it.
Narration: *It's crystal-clear that Sachi's lying for my benefit, but taking things slow out of pity would probably just prolong this initial pain.*
Narration: *I take a moment to brace myself, then vigorously thrust my waist forward.*
Sachi: Nhyaaaaah! Ah, aaah...!
Narration: *In that instant, Sachi arches her back against the ground and shrieks; in one stroke, I force myself deep inside her.*
Sachi: Ahaa... haa, uh, nnn...
Narration: *The tip of my penis bumps firmly up against something. Apparently I've reached all the way to the very back.*
Yuuji: You did good, Sachi... It's all in.
Sachi: Nhaa... haa... haa... really...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Thanks to you being so brave...
Narration: *I reach down and softly pet Sachi's hair in appreciation.*
Sachi: Eheheh... Having my head patted by you like this... makes me glad I was...
Sachi: ...Nnn!
Narration: *Apparently merely speaking causes Sachi some discomfort at the moment. Her smile distorts slightly as she bites her lower lip.*
Narration: *At the same time, the soft walls of her vagina clamp down on me tightly.*
Yuuji: Don't try too hard, all right? You're going to make the pain worse if you get tense...
Sachi: Y-Yes... I understand...
Narration: *Once I offer her this advice, I can feel Sachi's body relax under me.*
Narration: *As always, she's quick to pick up new things. That fundamentally obedient personality of hers comes in handy at times like these.*
Sachi: But I must say, this a rather mysterious feeling... I'm all tingly here, and it rather smarts...
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi gingerly rubs her lower abdomen.*
Yuuji: Well, you've basically got a foreign object lodged inside your body at the moment.
Sachi: But this pain... is also proof that I've become one with you, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Those simple words and her honest smile are enough to fill my heart with tenderness.*
Yuuji: Thanks, Sachi...
Sachi: Of course... I love you, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *I bend over her for a slow, reassuring kiss.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *But as my lips find hers, Sachi's vagina squeezes firmly down on me. I can't help but give a little grunt of surprise.*
Sachi: Nn... I-I do apologize... my body just...
Yuuji: Don't worry. This feels pretty damn good, actually...
Sachi: ...In that case, please go ahead and start moving... I'm all right now.
Yuuji: ...What?
Sachi: From what I understand, men can't really enjoy themselves unless they're in motion... or being stroked, as during our previous service session...
Sachi: And while this may be my first time... I very much want to satisfy you, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Sachi...
Narration: *It's a devoted way of thinking, prioritizing her partner's enjoyment above lessening her own pain.*
Narration: *In a way, that's not so different from the sort of self-sacrifice Sachi's imposed on herself for so long. But right now, she's doing so out of her honest, powerful feelings for me. Hard not to be happy.*
Yuuji: ...All right. Since you asked so nicely, I guess I'll get things moving again.
Yuuji: That said, I'm not quite the sadist you think I am. I don't want to get off at the expense of torturing you.
Yuuji: If you start feeling real pain, just tell me. Don't try to hide it. Understood?
Sachi: Yes... certainly...
Yuuji: ...Okay, good.
Narration: *Once Sachi nods her assent, I slowly begin to move my hips.*
Sachi: Ow! Haaa... ah... aaah...
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *Just trying to pull myself back a little results in another painfully firm squeeze from her warm inner walls.*
Narration: *The girl's unbelievably tight, to be honest. Is this just how it is with first-timers?*
Sachi: Nhahhh... aah, ah...
Narration: *Dragging myself back against the resistance of Sachi's clingy vagina takes some real effort.*
Narration: *But through gradually moving my hips backward, I eventually pull my penis out until I can just see the glans.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... nn... a-are you... taking it out now...?
Narration: *I stop moving for a moment, prompting Sachi's question.*
Narration: *...I guess the way she was gritting her teeth against the pain made this first temporary retreat seem a lot longer than it was.*
Yuuji: Sorry, but I was just pulling back after the first thrust... I'm going to be doing the same thing again. Repeatedly.
Sachi: ...I'll do my best.
Yuuji: Yeah. Don't worry, I'll try and take it as slowly as possible...
Narration: *Sachi's voice drops to a timid whisper when I explain the situation... Can't help but find it a little cute. Seems like a decent cue to start pushing myself back inside her.*
Sachi: Nhaah! It's going back in... Yuu-kun's... nnn!
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *I've only just pushed my waist slightly forward, but Sachi's hot slippery walls have already glued themselves to my penis from all sides. As I try to push further on, I'm struck by a tingling wave of pleasure.*
Sachi: Uuuhn! Nn, nnn...
Narration: *Toughing it out with an effort of will, I continue my slow advance. After a few very long seconds, the tip of my penis finally smacks up against the mouth of Sachi's womb.*
Sachi: Just now... something went "thunk" inside my stomach...
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm in all the way to the back again.
Sachi: But... we're not done yet, correct?
Yuuji: That's right. I'm going to start moving for real at this point...
Sachi: Of course... Please indulge in me to your heart's content, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Instead of responding, I kiss Sachi's forehead, then slowly begin to move my hips.*
Sachi: Nhaaah... ah, aah... haaa...
Narration: *To keep her pain at a minimum, I make a conscious effort to repeat small, gentle movements.*
Sachi: Aah, ah... nn, haaaaaa...
Narration: *Sachi's face is still contorted with distress, but after a few gentle strokes her voice has started to take on a slightly different tone.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... even though it hurts, I'm almost itching for more... This is very strange...
Yuuji: In that case, it should be getting better soon... Tough it out a little longer.
Sachi: Y-Yes... nnn!
Narration: *...Not that she's getting any less tight. Every time I thrust in, I feel myself rubbing ruthlessly against the walls of her vagina.*
Sachi: Nhaaaah! I-It's moving...
Sachi: I can feel... Yuu-kun moving... inside my stomach!
Narration: *Every movement of my hips sends Sachi's body rocking in response; there's a sheen of sweat on her forehead. I can tell how desperately she's trying to endure the pain.*
Narration: *In an effort to distract her slightly, I tightly squeeze her hands in mine.*
Sachi: Fwaaah! Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun...!！
Narration: *Pain and pleasure surging simultaneously through her body, Sachi passionately calls out my name.*
Sachi: Nnnnh... W-Well, what do you think? Is it... pleasant... inside me?
Yuuji: Yeah... Enough to make me want to stay in here forever...
Sachi: In that case... please pay a return visit... whenever the mood strikes you... mmn...
Narration: *In response to Sachi's words, I begin to pick up the pace little by little.*
Narration: *Soon enough, I'm pushing my way right to the back of her well-lubricated vagina with deep, long strokes.*
Sachi: Hyaaah! Ah... aaah!
Narration: *Every time the tip of my penis pokes the mouth of Sachi's uterus, she jerks her waist a few inches off the ground, her entire body quivering slightly.*
Sachi: Wait, don't... My stomach's... going numb...!
Yuuji: So this is your weak point, huh...?
Sachi: Haaagh... p-please! You know it is... so why do you keep... doing that!?!
Narration: *I move my hips even further forward, deliberately rubbing the head of my penis up and down against Sachi's womb. Within seconds, I feel a new wave of lubricating fluid gushing out from deep inside her.*
Narration: *At a guess, she's slowly beginning to gain some genuine physical pleasure from this.*
Sachi: Aahn, ah, haa... haa... somehow... I feel very hot all of a sudden...
Yuuji: Looks like your body's starting to get used to this...
Sachi: Y-Yes... It still hurts a little, but... it's gradually starting to feel... like it did when you touched my breasts...!
Yuuji: ...Guess we're on the right track then.
Sachi: Nhaaah! M-Maybe so, but... don't thrust like that! Nnnngh!！
Narration: *I pull back for a moment, dragging her liquid along with the head of my penis. With a fresh coat of lubricant, it proves easier than before to slide right back into her.*
Sachi: Aaah, an, ah... haaaah, haa...
Narration: *Tightly squeezing my hand, Sachi draws rough, heated breaths.*
Sachi: Nnn, I really am... starting to feel good...
Narration: *Apparently her budding arousal has finally developed into unmistakable pleasure. Sachi's voice has taken on an erotic luster.*
Narration: *I take that as a cue to further hasten the pace of my thrusts.*
Sachi: Nnnhaah! Nngh, mmn... you're going so fast, Yuu-kun!!
Yuuji: Sorry, but I don't think I can stop anymore...
Narration: *I slap my waist firmly up against hers, driving home my point. So to speak.*
Sachi: Aaahn! Ah, that's not f... haaah!
Narration: *As my penis stabs fiercely in and out, her displaced lubricant begins to overflow at the point where we're connected, filling the air with obscene wet noises.*
Sachi: Ah, aah... nooo, I'm making such lewd noises... nnngh...
Yuuji: # **...Kuh!**
Narration: *The constant stimulation of pushing through Sachi's soft, clinging flesh has finally pushed me past the point of no return. I can feel the need to ejaculate building up steadily inside me.*
Yuuji: Sachi... I'm going to come soon...
Sachi: Nhaah... haa... me too... My mind's going... blank...!
Yuuji: Sachi... Sachi!
Sachi: Haaaah! Aaaah! Aaaaah!
Narration: *As I swing my hips violently back and forth, Sachi loses all control of her voice, half-moaning and half-screaming with every thrust.*
Sachi: Hyaaah! What is... this? My stomach's... burning hot... nnnn!!
Yuuji: ...It's fine. Relax your body and let it happen!
Sachi: Y-Yes, nn! Nngh, haaaah! Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun!!
Narration: *Guess the real thing feels a bit different from being pleasured with a finger. Sachi wraps her arms around my back and holds on for dear life.*
Sachi: I'm going to come! It's only my first time... and I've already become a dirty girl!!
Narration: *I'm now moving as fast as I possibly can; and Sachi's vagina begins to clamp down on me again and again, almost convulsively. It's too much.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi! I love you!
Sachi: Huh...? Aah, ah... aah...!
Narration: *Sachi's walls squeeze powerfully against my penis, demanding my surrender.*
Sachi: Haaaaaah!!! Aah, aaaaaaaaahn!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!!**
Narration: *In the same instant, I shove myself forward with a herculean effort, reach the deepest part of her, and release my boiling hot semen.*
Sachi: Nhaaaaaaah! Ah, aaah...!
Narration: *Her body quivering in the aftermath of her orgasm, Sachi accepts my long, forceful ejaculation.*
Sachi: I can feel it... Yuu-kun's semen... is going inside me...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Intermittently, her sensitive vaginal walls clamp down on me, as if consciously trying to wring out every last drop.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa... mmmn...
Narration: *And when it finally ends, Sachi slowly catches her breath, my penis still resting snugly in her.*
Sachi: That was quite a lot... of semen, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Yeah, it really was. All thanks to you, of course.
Sachi: So then... it seems I was able to bring you pleasure, yes...?
Yuuji: Yeah. A damn good job of it for your first time.
Sachi: ...I'm glad to hear that.
Narration: *Sachi smiles up at me with genuine bliss in her eyes.*
Yuuji: You that pleased about getting me off?
Sachi: Well, that's a part of it, to be sure...
Sachi: But you just told me that you loved me for the first time... and I'm very happy...
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *Sachi's words give me a little start.*
Narration: *I wasn't even aware I'd expressed my feelings for her.*
Narration: *But if they unconsciously slipped out of my mouth like that, they're obviously a lot stronger than I've allowed myself to admit.*
Yuuji: I've been pretty full of myself up until now. Sorry...
Sachi: Not at all...
Sachi: I myself only realized my love for you today... so I think your timing was just about perfect...
Yuuji: ...All right, mind if I say it one more time for the record?
Yuuji: I love you, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes... I love you too, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *―Being loved by someone.*
Narration: *And loving them in return―*
Narration: *A basic human experience. Normal, healthy emotions, uncomplicated happiness. The sort of thing I thought I'd lost forever a long time ago.*
Narration: *But it seems the life I've led wasn't enough to permanently erase that part of me. I've finally found it again.*
Narration: *Savoring the pleasure of our simultaneous physical and emotional connection, we lie there for some time, enjoying the warmth of each other's bodies.*

Sachi: I, Komine Sachi, love you, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: So if it's all right with you... I'd very much like to keep being your girlfriend.
Narration: *She speaks her feelings plainly and directly, the smile never leaving her face.*
Narration: *It's almost like I'm looking at a memory of the Sachi I knew as a child; there's a slightly enjoyable tickle of embarrassment in my chest.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *...Well, seems I managed to win the girl over somehow, but this one gives as good as she gets.*
Narration: *I came up with a lot of pretty decent justifications for trying to help her...*
Narration: *Repaying the kindness she showed me as a child, discovering the meaning of my master's words. Et cetera, et cetera.*
Narration: *But to be honest, it's a lot less complicated than that.*
Narration: *I've been slowly but surely falling in love with Sachi for a while now.*
Narration: *You want the girl you love to be smiling.*
Narration: *When something's making her suffer, you want to get rid of it.*
Narration: *―That's really all there was to it.*
Sachi: Uhm, Yuu-kun... is the long silence really necessary...? It's making me rather nervous...
Yuuji: Hrm... but your anxious face isn't half-bad either.
Sachi: ...You're a bully after all, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Don't get sulky. You're going to have to put up with this sort of thing on a regular basis from now on.
Sachi: Ah... er, does that mean...
Yuuji: Of course, if my pomposity has finally set off some warning bells, you can withdraw your candidacy before it's too late.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: No. I'm afraid you're stuck with me as well.
Narration: *Breaking into an ear-to-ear grin, she throws herself forward against my chest.*
Narration: *Something about the pleasant warmth of her body brings the vague feelings I've been carrying all this time into sharp focus.*
Sachi: ...I'm not very bright, am I?
Sachi: Yuu-kun, you asked me to be your girlfriend...
Sachi: You told the others you would accept their requests in my place...
Sachi: And you gave me so many words of encouragement and advice...
Sachi: But it took so very long for me to understand their meaning.
Yuuji: ...I don't see the problem.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: This isn't a race. How long it took you to see what you were missing isn't important.
Yuuji: What really matters is how clearly you understand where you went wrong, and how well you make use of that knowledge from now on.
Sachi: That's... a wonderful sentiment...
Yuuji: ...Can't take the credit. I'm quoting someone who helped me find my own way of life. A while ago now.
Sachi: In other words, your Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: The hell's that supposed to mean...?
Sachi: You've always helped me find my way, Yuu-kun. Yesterday and today, then and now. That's what it means.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Nice to hear. I'll have to take Sachi's word for it, though. I really don't remember doing that much for her.*
Narration: *But even if I'm not half the person my master was, I left a mark on Sachi's heart back then...*
Narration: *And maybe, in helping her now, I've managed to pay off some small part of the debt of gratitude I owe Asako.*
Sachi: In any case... it was very kind of you to say that I don't need to change who I am...
Sachi: But I'm afraid I'll likely never be the "good girl" I was again...
Yuuji: Sorry, what does that mean?
Sachi: You told me you wanted me to "be myself"...
Sachi: I think that means both the selfish person I was and the good person I've tried to become...
Sachi: I'm not fully me unless I accept every part of myself, am I?
Yuuji: ...I see. Yeah, that's one way of looking at it.
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: And at the moment, I'm in the mood to be quite selfish indeed.
Yuuji: ...Selfish?
Sachi: You taught me something very precious today, and my gratitude is proving very nearly irrepressible...
Sachi: And above all else, I want to make you understand just how in love with you I am.
Narration: *The words are barely out of Sachi's mouth before she brings her face to mine.*
Sachi: Mm...
Narration: *Just like that, she softly kisses me.*
Narration: *For the first time, I feel the warmth of her lips against mine.*
Sachi: Fmm... mmn...
Narration: *A long, gentle kiss, as if to affirm our mutual feelings.*
Narration: *As I savor that simple pleasure, I wrap my arms firmly around Sachi, pulling the weight of her body against me.*
Sachi: Mmmm... haa...
Narration: *For a long moment, Sachi closes her eyes and focuses entirely on the movement of her lips. When she finally pulls back to draw breath, her mouth leaves mine with palpable reluctance.*
Sachi: I love you, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: Then and now... and from now on, as well...
Yuuji: Yeah. Same to you, kid.
Sachi: ...Expressing your feelings and having them returned in kind is a truly wonderful thing.
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Sachi: I had wondered for some time why you wouldn't kiss me... Why you never took our sexual encounters to their natural conclusion...
Sachi: But now I think I understand that as well.
Yuuji: Oh? Let's hear it, then.
Sachi: Because of this moment. Because what I'm feeling right now is a very precious thing.
Yuuji: ...Nice work, as always.
Sachi: ...Heheh. Thank you very much.
Narration: *With an amused smile and words of thanks, Sachi offers me a polite little bow.*
Narration: *I've heard the same many times before. But now that I fully understand just how much I care about the girl, the sincere gratitude in her voice inspires a wave of happiness that takes me by surprise in its intensity.*
Sachi: And so, I would ask that you allow me to keep expressing my feelings from this day forward...
Sachi: Including the things I wasn't able to say before... All of my feelings...
Yuuji: You sure do ask a lot, don't you?
Sachi: I suggest you brace yourself. After all, you were my first love as well...
Yuuji: ...Yeah. I'll strengthen my resolve.
Narration: *So Sachi can smile like this after all.*
Narration: *Another small jolt of elation runs through my body. And this time, I'm the one who moves my lips to hers.*
Sachi: Mm...
Sachi: Mmmn...
Narration: *It's a bolder kiss than our first.*
Narration: *I'm nearly shoving my mouth against Sachi's, forcefully expressing my affection and desire.*
Sachi: Mm, mmn...
Narration: *In a momentary pause, I take a survey of the situation. Sachi's squeezed her eyes shut bashfully; the blush on her cheeks has gradually taken on a more vivid shade of red.*
Sachi: Nhaa... mnnnn!?
Narration: *And as she opens her mouth to catch her breath, I instantly slip my tongue inside.*
Sachi: Mmf! Mmmn!
Narration: *Startled, Sachi tries to pull her face back, but I squeeze her tightly against me and cut off her escape.*
Sachi: Mmmn! Mn... *Smack*... *Smack*...
Narration: *But soon enough, she understands what I'm trying to do, and I feel the tension drain slowly out of her body.*
Sachi: *Smack*... *Slrp*... haa... *Slrp*...
Narration: *As Sachi's resistance weakens, my tongue begins to move smoothly through her mouth, filling the air with suggestive wet little sounds.*
Sachi: *Smack*... ha... mnn... fmm...
Narration: *Our tongues intertwine, break apart, then find each other again, swapping spit with every movement.*
Sachi: Haa, Yuu-kun... Mm... *Slurp*... *Smack*
Narration: *Stopping to breathe would be a waste of time. Right now, thoroughly exploring her mouth feels like the most important thing in the world.*
Sachi: Ha, mmn... *Smack* *Slurp*...
Narration: *Gradually, Sachi begins to respond more and more assertively.*
Sachi: Nnf... *Smack*... aah, nn...
Narration: *No longer content with just parrying my attacks, she actively tries to twine her tongue around mine.*
Sachi: Fmm! Mm... *Smack*... nnn... nnh!
Narration: *Out of respect for her admirable efforts, I push my tongue forward with redoubled intensity.*
Sachi: Mmm! Mm, haah. *Smack*... hmnn...
Narration: *Unlike our gentle first kiss, there's an element of erotic pleasure to this.*
Narration: *The physicality of it seems to have tripped some switch in my unconscious mind. I can feel sexual excitement beginning to build up inside me.*
Sachi: ...Phah! Hah, hah... haaa...
Narration: *When I finally draw back, Sachi gasps noisily, shoulders heaving as she gulps up the warm night air. Guess she was holding her breath ever since I stuck my tongue in her mouth.*
Yuuji: ...So? Thoughts on your first French kiss?
Sachi: Uhm... it was very intense... Halfway through, my head went entirely blank...
Yuuji: Pretty honest.
Sachi: ...Yes. After all, I want you to love the person I really am.
Yuuji: Cheeky brat...
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *In a dubiously effective effort to disguise my happiness, I squeeze Sachi tightly with both arms.*
Sachi: It's very strange... Even though being hugged this hard is rather painful, I can't help feeling that I'd like this to last forever...
Yuuji: ...Same goes for me.
Sachi: So we've found another point of agreement.
Narration: *Loosening my grip around Sachi's waist, I bring my right hand up toward her chest.*
Yuuji: Heads up. I'm going for your breasts now.
Sachi: By all means, feel free. My lips, my chest, and all the rest of me belong to you...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Every once in a while, this girl really does give you a little jolt of surprise...*
Yuuji: I'll take you up on that.
Narration: *I bring my hand forward to Sachi's right breast, then slowly but firmly begin to massage it through her clothing.*
Sachi: Nnn...
Narration: *Thanks to the thick protection of her uniform and brassiere, it doesn't yield easily to my fingers.*
Sachi: Mm... nnn... mnnn...
Narration: *Even so, it seems the stimulation is getting through. Every time I move my hand, Sachi gives a little grunt.*
Sachi: Mm... Yuu-kun's hand... is touching me...
Yuuji: Yeah. Just getting started on that front, actually.
Sachi: Of course... mmn. If you'll truly be satisfied with my meager body... please touch it to your heart's content...
Yuuji: You really do talk like a masochist sometimes, don't you?
Sachi: No doubt an unconscious attempt to ensure compatibility with a sadist like yourself...
Yuuji: I admire the attempt to put a positive spin on things, but I can't say I remember you playing the submissive type when we were kids.
Sachi: W-Well, back then... you weren't such a bully all the time, so I didn't have to...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *It's a seriously childish little excuse.*
Narration: *But right now, even that inspires affection. Before I know it, my hand's moving more boldly than before.*
Sachi: Nhha, hah... nnn...
Narration: *Massaging the entire breast with the palm of my hand, I move my fingers in vigorous circles at its very tip.*
Sachi: Nhaa... nn, that's... a rather lewd way to touch someone, I must say...
Yuuji: I think I'll choose to take that as a compliment.
Sachi: Aaah, nn! Haa... nnn...
Narration: *Every time my fingertips brush against her sensitive nipples, Sachi's body twitches slightly against me.*
Sachi: Yuu-kun... must you keep touching me there...? Nn, it's a bit much...
Yuuji: Sorry, but that's kind of the point. I want you aroused ASAP.
Sachi: Mm, ah... that's not f... ha, nnn!
Narration: *I forge ahead, completely ignoring Sachi's protests. Soon enough, the slow and steady stimulation leaves her squirming, as if impatient for more.*
Yuuji: ...So I guess you want me to grope them directly now?
Sachi: T-That's no way to talk to a girl... you bully...
Yuuji: I notice you're not denying it.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *After a moment spent enjoying Sachi's crimson face, I unbutton her school uniform and roll up the brassiere underneath.*
Sachi: Aah...
Narration: *Her chest fully exposed, Sachi's face takes on a distinctly bashful expression.*
Narration: *A perfectly normal reaction for a girl of her age, but a bit novel in Sachi's case. I can't deny finding it distinctly cute.*
Yuuji: Nice tits, as always.
Sachi: As always... So you've thought as much before?
Yuuji: Yeah, they're shapely and perky. Looks like they've been well taken care of... Guess a diligent type like you never forgets her bra.
Sachi: But... my breasts aren't large like Amane-san's...
Yuuji: True, Amane's got some sizable udders. Probably not a bad grope in their own right...
Sachi: ......
Sachi: In that case... I suppose you'll just have to play with my breasts until they get bigger.
Yuuji: Look at you talking dirty...
Sachi: I am a slutty maid, after all.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Every stupid little joke out of her mouth somehow manages to hit me right in the soft spot.*
Narration: *Feeling my chest grow warm, I reach out and lay my hands on her bare breasts.*
Sachi: Hyaa... nn... nnn...
Narration: *Apparently my fingers are comparatively cold from exposure to the outside air; Sachi gives a little start.*
Sachi: Wait... ah, ahn...
Narration: *In contrast, Sachi's chest is pleasantly hot.*
Narration: *Enjoying the warmth against my hands, I begin to grope both her breasts at once.*
Sachi: Nhaa, nn... I had no idea my breasts could change shape like this...
Yuuji: Well, I'm grabbing pretty hard... Doesn't hurt, does it?
Sachi: No... Somehow, it feels even nicer than last time...
Yuuji: ...Hmm.
Narration: *Having sex with a prostitute tends to be a hell of a lot less pleasurable than sleeping with a lover, even when it's the same woman wearing different hats. Or so the guys at work used to tell me.*
Narration: *I haven't had much experience with the romantic side of the equation, but it definitely does seem to add something. A satisfying sense of possession, maybe? Human beings are pretty damn self-centered creatures...*
Sachi: Aha, nn... nnn... hyan!
Yuuji: What do we have here? Somebody's getting hard all of a sudden.
Sachi: Uhm... but I don't have a penis...
Yuuji: ...I wasn't calling you a dickgirl. Nipples get hard too, idiot.
Sachi: Wah... T-That's true... The scales have fallen from my eyes...
Narration: *Apparently her self-declared change in personality hasn't cured Sachi of her tendency for the airhead moment.*
Sachi: Nhya! Ah!
Narration: *I pinch her stiff nipples to reinforce my point; she responds with sharp little shrieks.*
Yuuji: Bit too strong?
Sachi: N-No... it wasn't that it hurt. I suppose I was slightly surprised by how nice it felt... Uhm, but perhaps...
Yuuji: Guess there's no problem, then.
Sachi: Huh? Well, uhm... mnnn!
Narration: *Taking full advantage of her bashful hesitance to object, I immediately continue my caresses.*
Sachi: Hyaaah, nnnn...
Narration: *I roll her breasts up in the palm of my hands as if kneading dough, my fingers focusing intently on her nipples in particular.*
Narration: *Based on the intelligence I gathered during our first sexual encounter, it's fair to conclude Sachi's unusually weak to this method of attack.*
Sachi: Aaah! Hng... nn, haa...
Narration: *I methodically exploit that vulnerability. Sachi reacts sensitively to the movements of my fingers, panting heavily in between little gasps of surprise and pleasure.*
Sachi: Haa, nnn... it almost tickles, but also feels nice... This is a rather strange feeling...
Narration: *In an attempt to brace herself against the increasingly intense stimulation, Sachi clings tightly to the sleeve of my shirt.*
Yuuji: Sounds like your body's all grown up now. Brings a tear to my eye.
Sachi: But... ah, nn! At this rate, I'm going to... turn into a naughty girl...
Yuuji: Don't worry. I'll take responsibility.
Sachi: Huh...? Er, what does that... nnn! Ah... Yuu-kun!
Narration: *Her question interrupted by a well-timed nipple pinch, Sachi jerks backward slightly in an instinctive attempt at escape.*
Yuuji: Go ahead and enjoy this, all right? You've got permission.
Sachi: But this... mm! Feels almost... too good...
Yuuji: All right then, seems you're getting pretty sensitive... Guess we might as well get started down here...
Sachi: Uhm... well, I don't...
Narration: *Pretending not to notice that Sachi's got some reservations about this proposal, I lower my left hand and bring it to rest against her abdomen.*
Sachi: Mmm...
Narration: *...And even that gets me a little grunt of pleasure. The girl really has gotten sensitive all of a sudden.*
Narration: *No need to waste time, then. I smoothly roll Sachi's skirt up past her waist with one hand.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Although her underwear's now fully visible, Sachi doesn't attempt to protest. Seems she's prepared for what comes next.*
Narration: *Out of respect for her brave resolve, I immediately lower my right hand to her panties and begin to stroke.*
Sachi: Hnaaah!!
Narration: *She practically screams in response; my fingertips are quickly damp.*
Narration: *Apparently my extended breast-groping strategy paid off. The girl's already wet enough to be leaking straight through her underwear.*
Yuuji: A little kissing with some light breast massage and you're already sopping wet...?
Sachi: ...P-Please keep these thoughts to yourself! I'm not immune to shame, you know...
Narration: *Sachi's face flashes a brilliant shade of red yet again.*
Narration: *The girl just called herself a "slutty maid" not five minutes ago, but she finds this embarrassing? I'll never understand the workings of the female mind.*
Yuuji: My bad. Guess I'll have to get you horny enough to forget about all that...
Sachi: Nhah! Ahn! Ah...
Narration: *As I begin to rub my fingers along the line of her vagina, Sachi twitches reflexively in surprise.*
Sachi: Nfh! Nn! Ahn! Haa...
Narration: *I gently trace up and down at a slow, steady rhythm, her wetness growing more pronounced with every pass.*
Sachi: Ahnn, nn... this is rather intense...
Narration: *After only a handful of repetitions, my fingers have grown slippery with her fluids.*
Yuuji: You're a well-lubricated one, as always...
Sachi: That's... nn! Your fault... When you touch me like this, I...
Yuuji: Go on. What happens when I touch you?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: My b-body... gets all twitchy, nnn! And my belly feels... all tingly...
Yuuji: And then the flood. I see.
Sachi: So... if I've become a little naughty, I think it's your fault, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Hoh... really determined to pass the buck, huh?
Narration: *Slipping her now sopping-wet underwear to one side, I run an index finger directly along the lips of her vagina.*
Sachi: Nhyaaa!!
Narration: *The movement produces a surprisingly loud and highly obscene little squelching noise. Sachi bends backward from the waist with a shriek.*
Yuuji: Really doubt I'm entirely responsible for this...
Sachi: M-Maybe not... but even so, it's at least 90% your fault, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Pretty stubborn, aren't we...
Sachi: C-Can we... stop dwelling on this? Yes, I think it would be best if we got back to business...
Yuuji: ...Sure. Just keep in mind, you asked for it.
Sachi: Huh...?
Narration: *With a smug little smirk, I bring one finger to Sachi's plumply swollen clitoris, wetting it with her own fluid.*
Sachi: Nhaaah! Ah, aahhnnn!
Narration: *It's probably the most sensitive spot of the body for any woman, and Sachi's already pretty strongly aroused. She twitches uncontrollably with every touch.*
Narration: *Once I've gotten the clit nice and moist, I begin to gently but insistently rub it back and forth with the pad of my thumb.*
Sachi: Aaahn! Nn, don't! Yuu-kun...!
Yuuji: Feels a lot better than rubbing it through your underwear, right?
Sachi: If anything, that's... the problem! Nnh! It's too much... I can't think straight!!
Yuuji: Well, I know it's a pretty sensitive spot, but I'm sure a pure young lady like yourself can deal with it.
Sachi: Nnn! Stop... Yuu-kun, you bully...!
Yuuji: ...Okay then. Willing to admit this isn't all my fault?
Sachi: ...I admit it...
Yuuji: ...Excellent.
Sachi: "Excellent"...? Was making me say that your real objective here?
Yuuji: Heh. That's what you get for trying to make me the bad guy.
Sachi: W-What a shock... It seems you're an exceptionally immature individual...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *"Look who's talking, kid..."*
Narration: *Instead of offering a verbal retort, I turn my hand and slightly crook one finger, pushing lightly against the lips of Sachi's vagina.*
Sachi: Nhaah! Ah...
Narration: *The palm of my hand rubs roughly against her clitoris, sending Sachi into another minor twitching fit.*
Yuuji: I'm going to try and put my finger in a little, all right?
Sachi: Y-Yes... certainly...
Narration: *Clearly a little unsettled, Sachi reaches out and takes a firm grip on my arm as if to steady herself. I'm willing to bet this is another first for her.*
Narration: *I bend my finger still further, and with only a moment of slight resistance, the tip sinks a little way inside her.*
Sachi: Nhaah! Ah... Y-Yuu-kun's finger... is inside me...
Narration: *Squeezing her eyes tightly shut, Sachi states the obvious to no one in particular.*
Yuuji: I'll move nice and easy for now...
Sachi: Nnn... y-yes...
Narration: *As promised, I move my finger slowly and gently.*
Sachi: Aaah... ah, nnn!
Narration: *Repeating small, shallow thrusts and retreats, I lightly massage her inner walls.*
Sachi: Nhaah! Ah, this is... so strange...
Sachi: It's moving... inside me... nnn!
Narration: *Stimulated in an unfamiliar way in a place she's never even touched herself, Sachi's tone of voice suggests she's slightly disconcerted.*
Narration: *In an attempt to soften her unease, I move my free hand to her left breast and resume caressing it.*
Sachi: Hyaau! Nn! Nn! Aaah...
Narration: *Sachi's concentration had completely wandered down south, so this apparently comes as something of a surprise attack. She lets out a reflexive little shriek.*
Sachi: Aha, ah... wait, this isn't... I'm... nn!
Narration: *The simultaneous stimulation is clearly effective. Only a few seconds after I began, Sachi's breathing is already growing rough and ragged with pleasure.*
Sachi: Aah! Ahn... ah, nnn!!
Narration: *But when I start to move my fingers more rapidly inside her vagina, Sachi grabs my arm strongly, sending a clear physical message to stop.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry. Bit too hard?
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa...
Sachi: N-No, that wasn't the issue... It's just that, at this rate I'm going to...
Yuuji: Get off?
Sachi: Yes... and this time, if I'm going to reach climax... I want it to be together with you, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: So... I'd like you to finally take my first today. Please...
Yuuji: ...All right. Thanks, Sachi.
Narration: *Her feelings are simple and sweet and altogether a hell of a lot better than I deserve. Unable to fight down an answering surge of affection, I gently wrap my arms around her for a long moment.*
Narration: *After searching out the most even and soft patch of ground in the area, I lay down my jacket as a makeshift blanket, then carefully lower Sachi on top of it.*
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *Laid out on her back, Sachi peers up at me with anxiety in her eyes.*
Yuuji: All right down there? Your back doesn't hurt or anything, does it?
Sachi: No, I'm all right... I'm a good bit tougher than I look, you see...
Yuuji: True enough, but a coat isn't much of a blanket... Maybe a different position would―
Sachi: I'd like to do it this way...
Yuuji: ...Oh?
Sachi: This way... I can see your face, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Reaching up, Sachi holds a hand tenderly against my cheek.*
Narration: *The warmth of her smile matches the warmth of her hand; all of a sudden, my own feelings are coming to a boil.*
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Narration: *We call each other's names in standard sappy-lovebird style, then trade a few quick little kisses.*
Sachi: Uhm... in my previous school, I was once told that your first time hurts rather intensely... "like having a daikon radish jammed inside you," to quote...
Yuuji: ...Were your classmates frequently raped by vegetables?
Sachi: Leaving aside her sexual history... deflowering is in fact a painful experience, is it not?
Yuuji: Depends, but if the hymen's intact there's often some pain and bleeding.
Sachi: So it was true after all...
Yuuji: Well, if you're not up for it yet we can always call it a day.
Sachi: No... If I'm with you, I'm quite confident I can endure anything.
Sachi: Therefore, no matter how much pain I may be in... please do continue to the very end.
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Doubt I'd be able to stop at this point, to be honest.
Sachi: I'm very happy to hear you say that...
Narration: *Smiling up at me, Sachi lets the tension drain from her body, physically signaling her complete acceptance and trust.*
Narration: *No need to keep her waiting. I unbutton my trousers and bring out my penis, already fully erect.*
Sachi: Wah... Hello there, Mr. Penis...
Yuuji: Why so surprised? You already saw it in the bath, didn't you?
Sachi: True, we were introduced, but I'm afraid we've been out of touch for quite some time...
Yuuji: Just for the record, that's a really weird way to put it.
Sachi: I do apologize... Well then, please go right ahead...
Yuuji: ...Yeah, don't mind if I do.
Narration: *Refocusing on the business at hand, I exhale heavily, then slowly guide my penis to the entrance of Sachi's vagina.*
Sachi: Hyaaah! Nn...
Narration: *I'm only rubbing the tip up against the outside, but she's already trembling violently. Then again, she was about five seconds away from hitting orgasm, so I guess her body's still pretty sensitive.*
Sachi: Nn... Yuu-kun... uhm, aren't you going to put it in?
Yuuji: Take it easy. I'm just getting Mr. Penis here wet so he'll go in nice and smooth.
Sachi: V-Very wise, Yuu-kun... Just the sort of quality I've come to expect from the Kazami brand...
Narration: *I have no idea what she's even talking about anymore. Seems like anything I say right now is going in one ear and out the other.*
Narration: *Just to look at her, it's obvious that the girl's incredibly nervous at the moment.*
Yuuji: Okay, I'm gonna go ahead and put it in.
Sachi: Y-Yes... please go right ahead...
Narration: *After guiding the head of my penis directly to her vaginal opening, I steadily advance my waist.*
Sachi: Aaaaaaah! Aagh!!
Narration: *As Sachi screams in earnest, I feel myself break through something and push my way inside her.*
Sachi: Nggh... mmn, nnn...
Narration: *I went in gently and with plenty of lubrication, but judging from the grimace on Sachi's face, it still caused her a lot of pain.*
Yuuji: You all right, Sachi...?
Sachi: Y-Yes... nngh. Is it... all in now?
Yuuji: ...No. Just the tip.
Sachi: Hah, nn... in that case, please keep going until the end... I'm quite all right, I assure you...
Yuuji: Got it.
Narration: *It's crystal-clear that Sachi's lying for my benefit, but taking things slow out of pity would probably just prolong this initial pain.*
Narration: *I take a moment to brace myself, then vigorously thrust my waist forward.*
Sachi: Nhyaaaaah! Ah, aaah...!
Narration: *In that instant, Sachi arches her back against the ground and shrieks; in one stroke, I force myself deep inside her.*
Sachi: Ahaa... haa, uh, nnn...
Narration: *The tip of my penis bumps firmly up against something. Apparently I've reached all the way to the very back.*
Yuuji: You did good, Sachi... It's all in.
Sachi: Nhaa... haa... haa... really...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Thanks to you being so brave...
Narration: *I reach down and softly pet Sachi's hair in appreciation.*
Sachi: Eheheh... Having my head patted by you like this... makes me glad I was...
Sachi: ...Nnn!
Narration: *Apparently merely speaking causes Sachi some discomfort at the moment. Her smile distorts slightly as she bites her lower lip.*
Narration: *At the same time, the soft walls of her vagina clamp down on me tightly.*
Yuuji: Don't try too hard, all right? You're going to make the pain worse if you get tense...
Sachi: Y-Yes... I understand...
Narration: *Once I offer her this advice, I can feel Sachi's body relax under me.*
Narration: *As always, she's quick to pick up new things. That fundamentally obedient personality of hers comes in handy at times like these.*
Sachi: But I must say, this is a rather mysterious feeling... I'm all tingly here, and it rather smarts...
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi gingerly rubs her lower abdomen.*
Yuuji: Well, you've basically got a foreign object lodged inside your body at the moment.
Sachi: But this pain... is also proof that I've become one with you, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Those simple words and her honest smile are enough to fill my heart with tenderness.*
Yuuji: Thanks, Sachi...
Sachi: Of course... I love you, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *I bend over her for a slow, reassuring kiss.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *But as my lips find hers, Sachi's vagina squeezes firmly down on me. I can't help but give a little grunt of surprise.*
Sachi: Nn... I-I do apologize... my body just...
Yuuji: Don't worry. This feels pretty damn good, actually...
Sachi: ...In that case, please go ahead and start moving... I'm all right now.
Yuuji: ...What?
Sachi: From what I understand, men can't really enjoy themselves unless they're in motion... or being stroked, as during our previous service session...
Sachi: And while this may be my first time... I very much want to satisfy you, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Sachi...
Narration: *It's a devoted way of thinking, prioritizing her partner's enjoyment above lessening her own pain.*
Narration: *In a way, that's not so different from the sort of self-sacrifice Sachi's imposed on herself for so long. But right now, she's doing so out of her honest, powerful feelings for me. Hard not to be happy.*
Yuuji: ...All right. Since you asked so nicely, I guess I'll get things moving again.
Yuuji: That said, I'm not quite the sadist you think I am. I don't want to get off at the expense of torturing you.
Yuuji: If you start feeling real pain, just tell me. Don't try to hide it. Understood?
Sachi: Yes... certainly...
Yuuji: ...Okay, good.
Narration: *Once Sachi nods her assent, I slowly begin to move my hips.*
Sachi: Ow! Haaa... ah... aaah...
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *Just trying to pull myself back a little results in another painfully firm squeeze from her warm inner walls.*
Narration: *The girl's unbelievably tight, to be honest. Is this just how it is with first-timers?*
Sachi: Nhahhh... aah, ah...
Narration: *Dragging myself back against the resistance of Sachi's clingy vagina takes some real effort.*
Narration: *But through gradually moving my hips backward, I eventually pull my penis out until I can just see the glans.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... nn... a-are you... taking it out now...?
Narration: *I stop moving for a moment, prompting Sachi's question.*
Narration: *...I guess the way she was gritting her teeth against the pain made this first temporary retreat seem a lot longer than it was.*
Yuuji: Sorry, but I was just pulling back after the first thrust... I'm going to be doing the same thing again. Repeatedly.
Sachi: ...I'll do my best.
Yuuji: Yeah. Don't worry, I'll try and take it as slowly as possible...
Narration: *Sachi's voice drops to a timid whisper when I explain the situation... Can't help but find it a little cute. Seems like a decent cue to start pushing myself back inside her.*
Sachi: Nhaah! It's going back in... Yuu-kun's... nnn!
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *I've only just pushed my waist slightly forward, but Sachi's hot slippery walls have already glued themselves to my penis from all sides. As I try to push further on, I'm struck by a tingling wave of pleasure.*
Sachi: Uuuhn! Nn, nnn...
Narration: *Toughing it out with an effort of will, I continue my slow advance. After a few very long seconds, the tip of my penis finally smacks up against the mouth of Sachi's womb.*
Sachi: Just now... something went "thunk" inside my stomach...
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm in all the way to the back again.
Sachi: But... we're not done yet, correct?
Yuuji: That's right. I'm going to start moving for real at this point...
Sachi: Of course... Please indulge in me to your heart's content, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Instead of responding, I kiss Sachi's forehead, then slowly begin to move my hips.*
Sachi: Nhaaah... ah, aah... haaa...
Narration: *To keep her pain at a minimum, I make a conscious effort to repeat small, gentle movements.*
Sachi: Aah, ah... nn, haaaaaa...
Narration: *Sachi's face is still contorted with distress, but after a few gentle strokes her voice has started to take on a slightly different tone.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... even though it hurts, I'm almost itching for more... This is very strange...
Yuuji: In that case, it should be getting better soon... Tough it out a little longer.
Sachi: Y-Yes... nnn!
Narration: *...Not that she's getting any less tight. Every time I thrust in, I feel myself rubbing ruthlessly against the walls of her vagina.*
Sachi: Nhaaaah! I-It's moving...
Sachi: I can feel... Yuu-kun moving... inside my stomach!
Narration: *Every movement of my hips sends Sachi's body rocking in response; there's a sheen of sweat on her forehead. I can tell how desperately she's trying to endure the pain.*
Narration: *In an effort to distract her slightly, I tightly squeeze her hands in mine.*
Sachi: Fwaaah! Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun...!！
Narration: *Pain and pleasure surging simultaneously through her body, Sachi passionately calls out my name.*
Sachi: Nnnnh... W-Well, what do you think? Is it... pleasant... inside me?
Yuuji: Yeah... Enough to make me want to stay in here forever...
Sachi: In that case... please pay a return visit... whenever the mood strikes you... mmn...
Narration: *In response to Sachi's words, I begin to pick up the pace little by little.*
Narration: *Soon enough, I'm pushing my way right to the back of her well-lubricated vagina with deep, long strokes.*
Sachi: Hyaaah! Ah... aaah!
Narration: *Every time the tip of my penis pokes the mouth of Sachi's uterus, she jerks her waist a few inches off the ground, her entire body quivering slightly.*
Sachi: Wait, don't... My stomach's... going numb...!
Yuuji: So this is your weak point, huh...?
Sachi: Haaagh... p-please! You know it is... so why do you keep... doing that!?!
Narration: *I move my hips even further forward, deliberately rubbing the head of my penis up and down against Sachi's womb. Within seconds, I feel a new wave of lubricating fluid gushing out from deep inside her.*
Narration: *At a guess, she's slowly beginning to gain some genuine physical pleasure from this.*
Sachi: Aahn, ah, haa... haa... somehow... I feel very hot all of a sudden...
Yuuji: Looks like your body's starting to get used to this...
Sachi: Y-Yes... It still hurts a little, but... it's gradually starting to feel... like it did when you touched my breasts...!
Yuuji: ...Guess we're on the right track then.
Sachi: Nhaaah! M-Maybe so, but... don't thrust like that! Nnnngh!！
Narration: *I pull back for a moment, dragging her liquid along with the head of my penis. With a fresh coat of lubricant, it proves easier than before to slide right back into her.*
Sachi: Aaah, an, ah... haaaah, haa...
Narration: *Tightly squeezing my hand, Sachi draws rough, heated breaths.*
Sachi: Nnn, I really am... starting to feel good...
Narration: *Apparently her budding arousal has finally developed into unmistakable pleasure. Sachi's voice has taken on an erotic luster.*
Narration: *I take that as a cue to further hasten the pace of my thrusts.*
Sachi: Nnnhaah! Nngh, mmn... you're going so fast, Yuu-kun!!
Yuuji: Sorry, but I don't think I can stop anymore...
Narration: *I slap my waist firmly up against hers, driving home my point. So to speak.*
Sachi: Aaahn! Ah, that's not f... haaah!
Narration: *As my penis stabs fiercely in and out, her displaced lubricant begins to overflow at the point where we're connected, filling the air with obscene wet noises.*
Sachi: Ah, aah... nooo, I'm making such lewd noises... nnngh...
Yuuji: # **...Kuh!**
Narration: *The constant stimulation of pushing through Sachi's soft, clinging flesh has finally pushed me past the point of no return. I can feel the need to ejaculate building up steadily inside me.*
Yuuji: Sachi... I'm going to come soon...
Sachi: Nhaah... haa... me too... My mind's going... blank...!
Yuuji: Sachi... Sachi!
Sachi: Haaaah! Aaaah! Aaaaah!
Narration: *As I swing my hips violently back and forth, Sachi loses all control of her voice, half-moaning and half-screaming with every thrust.*
Sachi: Hyaaah! What is... this? My stomach's... burning hot... nnnn!!
Yuuji: ...It's fine. Relax your body and let it happen!
Sachi: Y-Yes, nn! Nngh, haaaah! Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun!!
Narration: *Guess the real thing feels a bit different from being pleasured with a finger. Sachi wraps her arms around my back and holds on for dear life.*
Sachi: I'm going to come! It's only my first time... and I've already become a dirty girl!!
Narration: *I'm now moving as fast as I possibly can; and Sachi's vagina begins to clamp down on me again and again, almost convulsively. It's too much.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi! I love you!
Sachi: Huh...? Aah, ah... aah...!
Narration: *Sachi's walls squeeze powerfully against my penis, demanding my surrender.*
Sachi: Haaaaaah!!! Aah, aaaaaaaaahn!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!!**
Narration: *In the same instant, I shove myself forward with a herculean effort, reach the deepest part of her, and release my boiling hot semen.*
Sachi: Nhaaaaaaah! Ah, aaah...!
Narration: *Her body quivering in the aftermath of her orgasm, Sachi accepts my long, forceful ejaculation.*
Sachi: I can feel it... Yuu-kun's semen... is going inside me...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Intermittently, her sensitive vaginal walls clamp down on me, as if consciously trying to wring out every last drop.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa... mmmn...
Narration: *And when it finally ends, Sachi slowly catches her breath, my penis still resting snugly in her.*
Sachi: That was quite a lot... of semen, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Yeah, it really was. All thanks to you, of course.
Sachi: So then... it seems I was able to bring you pleasure, yes...?
Yuuji: Yeah. A damn good job of it for your first time.
Sachi: ...I'm glad to hear that.
Narration: *Sachi smiles up at me with genuine bliss in her eyes.*
Yuuji: You that pleased about getting me off?
Sachi: Well, that's a part of it, to be sure...
Sachi: But you just told me that you loved me for the first time... and I'm very happy...
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *Sachi's words give me a little start.*
Narration: *I wasn't even aware I'd expressed my feelings for her.*
Narration: *But if they unconsciously slipped out of my mouth like that, they're obviously a lot stronger than I've allowed myself to admit.*
Yuuji: I've been pretty full of myself up until now. Sorry...
Sachi: Not at all...
Sachi: I myself only realized my love for you today... so I think your timing was just about perfect...
Yuuji: ...All right, mind if I say it one more time for the record?
Yuuji: I love you, Sachi.
Sachi: Yes... I love you too, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *―Being loved by someone.*
Narration: *And loving them in return―*
Narration: *A basic human experience. Normal, healthy emotions, uncomplicated happiness. The sort of thing I thought I'd lost forever a long time ago.*
Narration: *But it seems the life I've led wasn't enough to permanently erase that part of me. I've finally found it again.*
Narration: *Savoring the pleasure of our simultaneous physical and emotional connection, we lie there for some time, enjoying the warmth of each other's bodies.*

Date: *August 31, 2011, 23:08 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―Human warmth just might be the one and only drug God permits us.*
Narration: *Or so I thought the first time I slept with a woman.*
Narration: *The welcoming softness of their skin, the just-right heat of their bodies... It's enough to make your brain melt out your ears.*
Narration: *When you've got something like that lying in your arms, it's only natural that you'd want to hold on to it forever.*
Narration: *But unfortunately, only monkeys get to spend their lives immersing themselves in physical pleasure, and I happen to be a higher primate with other things to worry about.*
Narration: *Specifically, the stunt I just pulled on behalf of the girl I fell in love with.*
Narration: *I destroyed Mihama Academy, knowing full well how much trouble it would cause.*
Narration: *I've got to accept reality and own up to my actions.*
Narration: *First and foremost, to the four girls who were so concerned for Sachi...*
Michiru: ...Sachi!!
Narration: *The instant we enter the dorm and announce our arrival, Michiru pounces like a twin-tailed tiger, wrapping both arms around Sachi.*
Sachi: Wah, please contain your lust, Michiru-sama! As I've said on numerous occasions, my sexual orientation―
Michiru: Do you really have to play dumb at a time like this!? I'm just happy to see you safe and sound, idiot!
Sachi: ...Safe and sound? Me?
Makina: Yeah, what Chiruchiru said! We were flyin' through the sky an' everythin' an' then it went boom, ya know!? We were crazy worried!
Sachi: Flying through the sky... and it went boom?
Yumiko: I suppose you might not have been aware, Komine-san... The four of us were taking a helicopter ride at the moment of our school's destruction.
Sachi: I see... So the "safe place" Yuu-kun referred to was the sky.
Yuuji: Pretty pulse-pounding little tour, right? Just about right for the last night of summer vacation.
Yumiko: ...Yes. The absolute worst night view I've ever been subjected to.
Narration: *Sakaki's words are sardonic and accusatory, but the look on her face is surprisingly gentle. I don't get the impression she's actually angry.*
Amane: Well, yeah, nice to see you two alive and all...
Amane: But we're going to need a really, really good explanation for this, okay?
Narration: *In contrast, Amane marches right up and grabs me by the shoulder, resembling nothing so much as an ogre who woke up on the wrong side of the bed.*
Yuuji: Sure. What do you want me to explain?
Amane: Are you seriously trying to play dumb? Explain why our school was just destroyed, smartass!
Amane: You have any idea how it felt, running back home to find the school building a pile of rubble? I'm amazed the dorm's still standing...
Yuuji: ...Ah, right. That.
Amane: Are you for real...?
Yuuji: Well, what's to explain? We just got rid of that test, as requested.
Amane: "Just?" You've got a lot of nerve! I don't remember anyone asking you to get rid of the whole damn school!
Amane: We were having a nice time flying around looking at the view, and all of a sudden our school starts crumbling before our eyes... We practically had a collective heart attack up there, you know?
Makina: Yumi-chan, fer example, was all...
Makina: "Komine-san and Kazami-kun are down there! Let me off! Let me off already!" Threw a total tantrum at th' poor ol' pilot dude, ya know?
Yumiko: W-Well... anyone would be a little flustered to see something like that...
Michiru: That's right! And what if we'd been in the dorm? With a shock like that, we'd be white-haired beauties by now!
Yuuji: Sounds like a net positive... but in any case, that's the exact reason I made sure you were all safe in the sky.
Michiru: Aah, makes sense...
Amane: Okay, that's really not what I was asking! I want to know WHY you destroyed the school!!
Yuuji: Well, as for that―
Sachi: As for that, I'll explain everything.
Narration: *Interrupting mid-sentence, Sachi takes a determined step forward.*
Amane: Y-You will, Sacchan?
Sachi: Yes. You see, our acceptance of this request, and the specific "solution" of demolishing the school...
Sachi: All of this was instigated by Yuu-kun for my benefit...
Narration: *And so, she explains clearly and frankly, starting at the very beginning...*
Narration: *The advice I gave her, the feelings I conveyed to her...*
Narration: *The trauma of her past, and the struggles she's undergone ever since. She doesn't hold back a thing; she doesn't flinch or hesitate.*
Sachi: Therefore, this incident is entirely my responsibility...
Sachi: I know you cared for this school no less than I. And because of my short-sightedness, it was destroyed... I'm truly, truly sorry!
Narration: *There's a reason everyone here avoids talking about the past. We all vaguely understand that it can't be a pleasant topic for anyone in a place like this.*
Narration: *Sachi, of course, is no exception. Talking about this can't be easy for her. But even so, she lays everything bare in front of her friends, then bows her head in sincere apology.*
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: ......
Narration: *Our classmates, still half in shock over the abrupt demolition of their school, now have Sachi's complicated and unhappy life story to contend with as well.*
Narration: *Finally understanding how their friend became the "obedient maid" they've joked about all this time, the four girls sink into awkward silence.*
Yuuji: ...Well, that's the way Sachi sees it. But the fact is, I'm the one who decided to blow up the school.
Yuuji: I knew it was going to cause you trouble, but I did it anyway. And for what it's worth, I'm really sorry.
Narration: *Following Sachi's example, I lower my head in apology.*
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Amane: *Sigh*... It's kind of hard to say anything when you both apologize so earnestly...
Yumiko: ...Well, I more or less figured it was something along those lines.
Michiru: So basically, Sachi doesn't have to do anything she's told from now on, right?
Michiru: In that case, it's something to celebrate.
Makina: I only cared about Sacchin and Onii-chan comin' back safe in th' first place, ya know?
Sachi: Y-You're all... very kind...
Narration: *Sachi must have been genuinely prepared for anger or rejection. When she receives warm words instead, tears well up in the corner of her eyes.*
Narration: *Now that she's finally realized just how important these people are to her, their acceptance must feel incredibly good.*
Yuuji: I think I owe you an apology in particular, Sakaki.
Yumiko: Well, now I understand that spontaneous expression of remorse earlier.
Yuuji: Yeah. I know it's not enough just to say this, but I really am sorry.
Yumiko: ...You don't particularly need to be.
Yuuji: ...What?
Yumiko: I have absolutely no idea how you managed to persuade my father, but...
Yumiko: Even with our school abruptly destroyed, he's left me entirely alone. Not so much as a phone call.
Yumiko: I suppose that's just how little he really cares about this place. And the daughter he's keeping here. Not that I'm complaining.
Yuuji: Even so―
Yumiko: In any case, I doubt it'll take him long to prepare another birdcage.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I'm aware that Sakaki and her father don't exactly get along, but...*
Narration: *We're talking about a large, modern building with top-of-the-line facilities and equipment. The initial construction costs alone would have to be well into the billions of yen.*
Narration: *Dismissing something like that as a "birdcage" suggests she's still got a bit of the East Beach Group CEO's daughter in her, whether she likes it or not.*
Makina: Hey, Yumi-chan. Y'can play it cool like that if you want, but think about it...
Makina: Ya got a golden chance here, ya know? Why not demand an apology-screw or two?
Yumiko: Wha-!? D-Don't be ridiculous!!
Sachi: Uhhhm... Maki-chan?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Well, judging from how quickly things have returned to "normal," I guess learning Sachi's past isn't going to make them awkwardly self-conscious around her.*
Amane: Okay, but I have to say... if things were heading in this direction, you could've at least talked to us first...
Yuuji: Let's say I did. Would you have agreed to go along with this plan?
Amane: Ugh... w-well, uh...
Yuuji: More importantly, getting this done required some dicey maneuvering...
Yuuji: If things had ended badly, your knowledge of the plan would have become a serious liability for you.
Michiru: W-Wait, hold on a second... Does that mean you two're wanted criminals now?
Amane: Uh, I think there'd be a lot more of a fuss. Like, police crawling all over the place, for one thing.
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Like Amane says, there's only a few cops standing outside the gate, and no media presence whatsoever.*
Narration: *I've noticed a few curious locals passing by to gawk at the rubble, but that's about it.*
Michiru: So then...
Yuuji: ...Sorry to disappoint. Doesn't look like we'll be doing any time for this one.
Michiru: Haaa... geez, don't startle me like that...
Yumiko: Knowing you, I assume there were measures in place to ensure such an outcome.
Yuuji: I did what I could, but things could have played out differently. It came down to your father.
Yumiko: I see...
Michiru: You see? Seriously? I don't see a friggin' thing, personally... What kind of an explanation is that?
Amane: Well, I'm not as completely lost as Michiru... but there's definitely a lot of things I don't quite understand about this...
Amane: For one thing, why isn't there a crowd of people outside? Everybody has to have noticed an explosion like that...
Principal: ...Allow me to explain.
Amane: P-Principal Tachibana...?
Yuuji: Chizuru... you already done out there?
Principal: Yes. Thanks to you and Harudera-san, there really wasn't much for me to do.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Seems the dice really did fall pretty nicely this time. Almost freakishly so.*
Amane: Wait... so you knew Yuuji was going to blow up the school, Principal Tachibana?
Principal: Yes. Of course, the blood drained from my face when he brought me the idea...
Principal: But Kazami-kun was very adamant, and made a persuasive argument that this would help Komine-san in a way nothing else could...
Sachi: ......
Makina: In other words, a hot young man looked into yer eyes and begged, so ya folded like a house of cards...
Principal: T-That's absolutely not true! As an educator, I gave my cooperation entirely out of concern for my student's future and―
Yumiko: Leaving that aside... even if you knew of his plan, I find it rather odd that you're so calm.
Principal: W-Well... I don't have any reason to panic. The matter in question took place with the full consent of society at large.
Amane: The consent of society...? Sorry, what does that mean?
Principal: It means exactly what it sounds like. The destruction of our school building was a lawfully performed demolition. We even notified the neighborhood beforehand...
Narration: *Accepting a flyer from Principal Tachibana's outstretched hand, a puzzled Michiru begins to read its contents out loud.*
Michiru: Hm, let's see... Message to the Mishima Cape Community: As part of our planned renovation and construction of new facilities, Mihama Academy's main school building will be demolished by controlled implosion...
Yumiko: What!?
Amane: Wait... I didn't hear a thing about this...
Michiru: The demolition is scheduled to take place on... August 31, 2011...
Michiru: W-What the heck is this...?
Narration: *...Well, it's exactly what it looks like.*
Narration: *I made two specific requests of Chizuru.*
Narration: *First and most important, I needed her to provide me with detailed blueprints of the school, in order to ensure an efficient, reliable demolition and prevent any collateral damage to the dormitory that's become our home.*
Narration: *And secondly, I asked her to provide advance warning and follow-up with the Mishima Cape community.*
Narration: *As Chizuru's both the principal of our school and the well-connected daughter of the prefectural governor, she was uniquely suited to play that role.*
Principal: In other words, the destruction of our school was announced beforehand, and we simply carried it out according to schedule. Nothing to warrant that much attention.
Amane: Ah... so that's why everyone in the shopping district was being all sympathetic...
Principal: Most likely, yes.
Yumiko: Even so, the complete lack of television crews and newspaper photographers strikes me as rather odd.
Principal: Yes... I'm not fully aware of the details myself, but it seems a gag order was issued.
Yumiko: A gag order? Why on earth?
Principal: You have heard of this before, Sakaki-san... but after a certain demolition went wrong in 1992, virtually no large-scale building implosions of this sort have been performed in Japan...
Principal: Even the demolition of a single school might well have become politically sensitive news. In any case, there would have been disproportionate media presence.
Principal: Apparently our country found this prospect unpleasant enough to formally silence the press...
Yuuji: ...What?
Principal: Uh... why are you surprised? I assume you and Harudera-san instigated that in the first place.
Yuuji: ...Yeah. That we did.
Principal: Figured as much. I knew you two would take some sort of action on that front, but you've certainly exceeded my expectations...
Michiru: The "country"...? Seriously? You people are unbelievable...
Amane: I mean, I've always had the feeling Yuuji's "out of the ordinary" in a different way from the rest of us... but seriously, who are you?
Yuuji: What, again with this...?
Yuuji: Name, Kazami Yuuji. Occupation, student. Currently attending Mihama Academy. We've been introduced, haven't we?
Yumiko: Oh, please. You're really not fooling anyone at this point.
Amane: Well, I guess the total non-answer means you can't explain. I'll leave it alone...
Yuuji: Just what I'd expect from a discreet young lady like yourself, Amane. You're a damn good woman.
Amane: Hearing that from the guy who chose another woman doesn't do much for me...
Sachi: I-I do apologize...
Amane: Uh, no, please don't. You're just rubbing salt in the wound.
Michiru: Forget that stuff. Shouldn't you be taking a bath right now? Your clothes are a mess, you know?
Narration: *Michiru reaches down and sweeps a few lingering clumps of grass from Sachi's skirt.*
Sachi: Come to think of it, I suppose you're right...
Amane: Nothing seems to have been damaged. The grand bath should be working fine.
Makina: While yer at it, why not bring Onii-chan along?
Sachi: Maki-chan seems to have her heart set on this, so I suppose there's nothing for it. Let's bathe together, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ...Using her babbling as an excuse? You're shameless, woman!
Sachi: Au! Your defenses are tight as always, Yuu-kun...
Principal: Mm, ahem!!
Principal: As the principal of this academy, I will not allow this dormitory to become a den of debauchery! Take your baths separately, please!
Sachi: Is this jealousy, perhaps?
Principal: No, it is NOT! It's an exercise of my moral responsibility as an educator!
Sachi: What a disappointment...
Principal: ...In any case, once you two have finished your baths, please have everyone gather here again.
Principal: Once we've all calmed down a little, I'd like to explain the details regarding our temporary school facilities.
Michiru: T-Temporary school facilities!?
Principal: Well, of course. We may not have a building at the moment, but we can't exactly stop learning, now can we?
Principal: Just so you know, I put in quite a bit of effort to ensure we could begin classes right away.
Michiru: I kiiiind of wish you hadn't.
Principal: That sort of attitude is exactly why cancelling lessons is not an option!
Michiru: Yes, ma'am...
Principal: ...All right then, let's wrap this up for the moment.
Yumiko: Uhm... if you don't mind, I've got a question first.
Principal: What would that be, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: ...Are you planning to hold that standardized test as scheduled?
Sachi: !!
Narration: *The instant the question leaves Sakaki's lips, Sachi's expression grows visibly serious.*
Narration: *This entire plan was carried out under the pretext of "getting rid of" that test.*
Narration: *I guess it's only natural that the outcome would be a point of interest for everyone in this room.*
Principal: Well... I'd like to ask Komine-san first.
Sachi: You're asking... me?
Principal: That's right. Komine-san, do you still feel the need to prevent that achievement test from taking place?
Sachi: Well, I...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Halfway through a tentative sentence, Sachi closes her eyes and falls silent to think over the question more carefully.*
Narration: *We watch and wait in tense silence for the result of her deliberations.*
Sachi: ...No, I do not.
Sachi: Everyone's going to be taking the test, yes? It seems to me that we should participate as well.
Principal: ...Are you absolutely sure about that?
Narration: *I get the impression Chizuru had been expecting this answer, but she gently asks for confirmation anyway.*
Sachi: Yes. I'll work hard, get an excellent score on the test, and then have Yuu-kun praise me!
Narration: *And Sachi's shamelessly cheerful response, delivered with a big smile on her face, takes even me by surprise.*
Yumiko: Wha...
Amane: Wow, she's brazen all of a sudden... I'm too stunned to be pissed off...
Makina: Yer kinda cool, Sacchin!
Michiru: Haaa... so now we're back to the bragging, huh? Yes, congratulations on your boyfriend...
Narration: *Just a few hours ago, the girl had been willing to do anything and everything to get rid of that test. Up to and including something as dramatic as destroying her own school.*
Narration: *So, understandably enough, everyone was startled by her overwhelmingly bright and positive answer...*
Narration: *But it was undeniable proof that Sachi was no longer trapped by the skewed system of values she'd clung to for so long. Maybe that cheerful smile was a little audacious after all that, but nobody was about to criticize her for it.*
Narration: *Once Chizuru let us know that the standardized test would in fact be conducted a few days later than originally scheduled, we brought the gathering to a temporary conclusion.*
Narration: *And after watching Sachi head off for her well-deserved bath, I pull out one of my cell phones and make a call.*
Yuuji: ......
JB: Hello. That you, Yuuji?
Narration: *After a single ring and a little electronic static, I hear the usual voice on the other end of the line.*
Yuuji: Hey, JB. I've got a question I need to ask you. In person.
JB: Isn't that a coincidence? There's something I want to discuss with you as well.
Yuuji: How convenient. Unfortunately, we've got some onlookers hanging around the usual place. Would you mind heading somewhere else? I'll send you the address.
JB: ...No, that shouldn't be a problem.
Narration: *Our concise little conversation concluded, I immediately prepare to head out.*
Narration: *About ten minutes after I reach the place I specified, a comically conspicuous yellow sports car arrives on the scene.*
JB: ...Here I am.
Narration: *Naturally, it isn't long before a certain splendidly shaggy-headed blond emerges.*
Yuuji: That didn't take long. Not that it ever does with you...
JB: ...As an accessory to the crime, I decided I should be around to watch the final moments of that poor school.
Yuuji: Yeah, sure. Maybe you're just watching me constantly through a high-powered telescope?
JB: I assume you know that we don't have quite that much time on our hands.
Yuuji: You have enough time to bitch about nagging bosses with your coworkers, don't you?
JB: ...I'm going to leave now.
Yuuji: Sorry. Just a joke.
JB: ...Well? I assume this "question" of yours has something to do with this incident.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: From what Chizuru tells me, Kasumigaseki dropped a gag order on this.

Date: *September 1, 2011, 16:53 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: Ohh...
Michiru: Ooohhhh...
Michiru: Ooooohhhhhhh!!
Yuuji: What's up, Michiru? Practicing your courtship behavior in preparation for mating season?
Michiru: Want me to break your face? You've got a lot of nerve for the guy who blew up our school... Mad Bomber Kazami!
Yuuji: Don't be mean...
Michiru: Don't gimme that crap! Acting all cutesy isn't gonna undo all the damage you did!
Yuuji: Hey, it's not all bad. Remember how depressed you were about summer vacation ending? Now you've got another week.
Michiru: W-Well, yeah. I guess it's not all bad, but...
Narration: *As Chizuru said, our present lack of a school building doesn't mean we can stop holding classes entirely.*
Narration: *At the second meeting yesterday evening, she explained Mihama Academy would be temporarily renting a nearby building that had previously been used as a commercial cram school.*
Narration: *But it seems some relatively extensive maintenance was necessary to bring the infrastructure up to the necessary standards, so we ended up getting a one-week emergency extension to our summer vacation.*
Narration: *Of course, considering the limited amount of time Chizuru had to prepare for this demolition, I doubt anyone else could've gotten things up and running even that quickly.*
Yuuji: So? Why were you practicing your war shout?
Michiru: It wasn't a friggin' war shout either! Honestly, you must be blind as a cat. Try taking a look around you, wise guy...
Narration: *Consciously refraining from any comment on Michiru's interesting choice of words, I glance around the lobby.*
Narration: *Sure enough, something unusual immediately catches my eye.*
Yuuji: Now that you mention it, the dorm seems really clean today.
Michiru: That's right. I was admiring this devoted workmanship.
Yuuji: In other words, this is the work of...
Sachi: Indeed! It was I, reformed slutty maid Komine Sachi! Presently a maid in love!
Michiru: ...Hey, Sachi. I'm glad that you're feeling cheerful and everything, but... is it just me, or is your personality kind of totally different?
Sachi: Ah, perhaps this too is the bonds of love at work...
Michiru: Bonds? Are you investing?
Sachi: Michiru-sama, I think it may be time for a new look. How would you feel about having your twintails tied into a knot?
Michiru: H-Hmm... sure, bonds of love, whatever you say...
Michiru: Anyway, it's a big help to have you cleaning again.
Sachi: ...Is that so?
Michiru: Well, yeah. I mean, Yuuji and Amane did tidy up now and then while you were off brainstorming...
Michiru: But the instant you come back it's unbelievably better! This place is sparkling! I've realized your greatness all over again...
Yuuji: ...Guess you have a point.
Narration: *I put a respectable amount of effort into maintaining the dorm in Sachi's stead, but unlike her, I was acting out of necessity...*
Narration: *When you've got someone who actually enjoys cleaning for its own sake, you'll naturally get a more thorough, attentive job. Somehow, the place feels genuinely more pleasant to be in.*
Sachi: If my cleaning is proving useful, I believe my parents are the ones who deserve your thanks.
Michiru: Really? Why?
Sachi: Well, Yuu-kun has already heard this story, but...
Sachi: I owe my enthusiasm for cleaning entirely to the compliments and encouragement of my mom and dad.
Michiru: Huh. No kidding?
Michiru: That's kind of cute. Sounds like you got plenty of attention, huh? They must have really loved you.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: I suppose... so.
Michiru: Hm? What, something wrong?
Sachi: No, not at all.
Michiru: Okay...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Sachi told our classmates about the tragic accident that scarred her childhood, but not about the way her parents had abruptly grown distant and disinterested.*
Narration: *Without knowing that part of the story, I suppose Michiru's reaction is perfectly natural.*
Michiru: Oh, hey, I know! Wanna do my twintails, Sachi? It's been a while, right?
Sachi: You want me to fix your hair, Michiru-sama...?
Michiru: Yeah. I mean, I can do it myself, but I gotta admit yours look a lot snappier.
Sachi: Certainly. In that case, I will of course braid your hair. With pleasure.
Michiru: Yes! Let's do this!!
Narration: *The instant Sachi agrees, Michiru grabs her by the hand and drags her up to the second floor.*
Principal: ...Komine-san certainly seems lively. Quite the dramatic change from a few days ago.
Yuuji: Oh, if it isn't Chizuru...
Principal: You know, Kazami-kun, there's something I've been meaning to bring up for a while now...
Principal: When we're talking in a school-related setting, would you please be so kind as to call me "Principal Tachibana" like everyone else?
Yuuji: In other words, you want me to reserve "Chizuru" for bed?
Principal: This coming from a guy who just filled that vacancy...
Yuuji: ...You say something?
Principal: No, I most certainly did not!
Narration: *Her expression suddenly dripping with displeasure, Chizuru turns her face away from me like a sulking child.*
Narration: *She's been seeming oddly cranky lately. Maybe it was a bad one this month?*
Yuuji: Whatever. Anyway, glad you're here. I know I've caused you a hell of a lot of hassle recently, and I wanted to apologize.
Principal: W-Where's this coming from, all of a sudden?
Yuuji: Well, I guess I've gained a little more perspective on all this after the fact...
Yuuji: But when all's said and done, that plan never would have gotten off the ground without your cooperation. I'm trying to show a little gratitude.
Principal: ...I see. An admirable way of thinking.
Principal: But don't let it bother you too much. I'm the one who volunteered my help, after all.
Yuuji: Well, thanks. I appreciate it.
Principal: ......
Principal: And Komine-san's problem has been successfully resolved, has it not?
Yuuji: Don't know about that... But at the very least, I think she's gotten free of those laws that were binding her.
Principal: And you're the one who cut her loose, now aren't you?
Yuuji: ...Thanks, but you're wrong. I just gave her the chance she needed to wriggle her way out.
Principal: What do you mean?
Yuuji: Her rules were a defense mechanism. Before she could accept her own feelings, she had to see that system fail. She had to lose something precious to her.
Yuuji: For that to happen, she needed to have something precious to lose in the first place.
Principal: Well, that's true...
Yuuji: And Sachi cared enough about Mihama Academy for it to qualify.
Yuuji: In other words, the real credit for her change has to go to this place. And everyone in it.
Principal: Ah, I see...
Yuuji: What's with the detached tone, Chizuru? You're on that list too. Pretty near the top, in fact.
Principal: ...Huh?
Yuuji: Not to put too fine a point on it, but every student in this school is a live grenade.
Yuuji: And not only did you accept them, you've been juggling skillfully enough that nobody's lost a limb yet. Don't you think that's worth a little recognition?
Principal: ......
Principal: I never expected you to say something like that to me, Kazami-kun... I'm a little stunned...
Yuuji: Well, all I'm saying is you should try to have a little more confidence in yourself.
Principal: I wonder why getting a pep talk from you tends to have exactly the opposite effect...
Narration: *With a small sigh, Chizuru smiles wryly.*
Narration: *Seems I've managed to blunder obliviously onto yet another landmine...*
Principal: Well then, I think it's about time I got back to work.
Yuuji: Yeah. Keep it up, Principal Tachibana. We're counting on your skills.
Principal: You just leave everything to me.♪
Narration: *With a girly little pump of her fist, Chizuru strides out the front door.*
Yuuji: ...Resolved Sachi's problem, huh?
Narration: *Hope she's right, but...*
???: ......
???: ......
???: Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Finally noticing the soft voice calling my name, I turn around to find Sachi tugging on my sleeve. Makes me a little nostalgic for our first meeting here.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi. What, you already done with Michiru's hair?
Sachi: Yes. To ensure Michiru-sama's complete satisfaction, I went above and beyond the call of duty to add another tail to her existing complement.
Yuuji: Uh, I don't think that would qualify as "twintails" anymore... A triple-tail?
Sachi: Michiru-sama said much the same thing at first...
Sachi: But when I advised her that "Three looks stronger than two," my proposal won her enthusiastic approval.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *Oh, Michiru... Just how pitiful can one human being be?*
Sachi: ...More importantly, Yuu-kun, you certainly seem to get along with Principal Tachibana.
Yuuji: Uh, don't know if I agree with that assessment...
Sachi: So you say. I do believe I've heard you call her "Chizuru" from time to time, have I not?
Yuuji: Yeah. Not sure if she's mentioned this to you, but we're acquaintances. Nothing else to it.
Sachi: ...Yuu-kun, do you make a habit of calling mere acquaintances by their first name?
Yuuji: ...I've been calling you "Sachi" pretty much from the moment I transferred in, you know.
Sachi: Come to think of it, so you have...
Yuuji: Uh, look...
Sachi: Thanks to your straightforward sincerity, I must acknowledge that it seems Principal Tachibana truly is a simple acquaintance of yours.
Sachi: Even so, I'm afraid my anxiety as the owner of a much-craved piece of man-meat hasn't diminished in the slightest...
Yuuji: ...What?
Sachi: Accordingly, I will now be taking preemptive womanly countermeasures.
Yuuji: Preemptive countermeasures?
Sachi: Yes. Please come right this way...
Narration: *Just like that, she marches decisively off, towing me along by the hand.*
Yuuji: Uh, hold on. Sachi...?

Sachi: ...All right, I believe we're safe here.
Narration: *As we enter her room, Sachi cautiously surveys the area, then nods to herself.*
Yuuji: ...Safe from what?
Sachi: From the prying eyes of society. Free to pursue whatever illicit activities we please.
Yuuji: Illicit activities? Don't tell me...
Sachi: Yes. I'm afraid so.
Narration: *An earnest smile on her face, Sachi sinks to her knees in front of me and brings her hands to my groin.*
Sachi: Well then, please excuse me...
Narration: *Without a moment's hesitation, she begins stroking my cock through my pants.*
Yuuji: Listen to me when I'm talking to you, woman!
Sachi: I'll consider it, depending on what you have to say.
Yuuji: Guh...
Narration: *The girl's always had a bit of a stubborn side to her, but this pushiness is really something else...*
Narration: *The thought makes me a little guilty, but... at times like these, I almost miss how easy she was to handle before.*
Sachi: It seems Mr. Penis here hasn't yet experienced any growth...
Yuuji: If talking to women was enough to give me a boner, just walking around town would be a real challenge.
Sachi: So much the better. I only want you getting big when I make you that way...
Narration: *Sachi's surprisingly straightforward possessiveness proves effective in its own right; I can feel blood gradually gathering downstairs.*
Sachi: Whoa... Yuu-kun, your little friend has suddenly grown all plump...
Yuuji: Well, yeah. Because you're touching it.
Sachi: But the first time I tried, it took a great deal more touching before it got this big... I wonder why?
Yuuji: ...Probably because I've completely fallen for you in the meantime.
Sachi: F-Fallen...?
Narration: *...Why ask in the first place if you're going to get all embarrassed about it?*
Sachi: In that case... from now on, do you think you might be able to refrain from having sex with other women...?
Yuuji: Yeah. You're all I need.
Sachi: ...!
Narration: *When I state the obvious, Sachi's face grows comically red.*
Narration: *I had an idea from the way she was talking about Chizuru, but the girl's clearly developed something of an irrational jealous streak.*
Yuuji: Load off your mind?
Sachi: Yes... your manly words left my heart at peace... and my loins moistened...
Yuuji: ...You don't say.
Sachi: Nonetheless... as your girlfriend, I must take responsibility for enlarging your penis.
Narration: *Even as she speaks, Sachi's slowly pulling down my zipper.*
Yuuji: Hold on, Sachi...
Narration: *Without even pausing to acknowledge my objection, she liberates our mutual friend from my boxer briefs.*
Sachi: Wah...
Narration: *As my penis emerges before her eyes, Sachi lets out a small, startled gasp.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Next, she proceeds to stare at it with laser-like intensity.*
Yuuji: What's so interesting? You've seen it a couple times now.
Sachi: That may be so, but not quite like this... I've, ah, never had the opportunity to see the male genitalia at such close range before.
Narration: *True enough, Sachi's face is only a few centimeters away. Now and again, I can feel her breath lightly tickle the head of my penis.*
Yuuji: ...So? What's your plan for the genitalia in question?
Sachi: I'd like to pleasure it quite thoroughly...
Sachi: Toward that end, I would truly appreciate your cooperation, sir.
Narration: *Sachi gives my penis a respectful little nod of the head.*
Yuuji: I'm pretty sure this is the first time I've seen anyone bow to a dick...
Sachi: Well, the little master here has fully earned my respect and gratitude.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Bringing her face still closer, Sachi swallows audibly, then reaches out to grab her prey.*
Sachi: First of all... the same basic procedure I used in the bath...
Narration: *Mumbling her mental checklist out loud, Sachi timidly begins moving her hands along my penis.*
Sachi: Mm...
Narration: *The stimulation produces a reflexive little twitch. Slightly startled, Sachi quickly wraps her fingers all the way around the shaft for a firmer grip.*
Sachi: When seen up close... it really is astoundingly large...
Yuuji: Nice to hear, I guess. Better that than "What a hideous excuse for a penis! You've let me down, Yuu-kun!"
Sachi: Please rest assured, Yuu-kun. Even if you were a phimotic premature ejaculator with the world's most miserable micropenis, my feelings for you wouldn't change.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Somehow, I think that attempt at encouragement actually damaged my ego a little.*
Sachi: Well then, just like last time... I'm going to service you with my hands...
Yuuji: You're really determined to do this, huh?
Sachi: ...Well then, would you prefer if I stopped now?
Yuuji: ...No, that'd be a bit of a problem at this point.
Sachi: Heheheh. Very well then. An honest young man like yourself deserves a reward...
Narration: *With an impish grin, Sachi begins gently stroking my penis with both hands.*
Sachi: Mm, nn, mn...
Narration: *Maybe because she's already got one handjob behind her, Sachi's movements are noticeably more smooth and confident than before.*
Sachi: ...Is this about the right level of intensity?
Yuuji: Yeah. Feels just about perfect.
Sachi: Very well then. I'll continue like this, yes...?
Narration: *Maintaining the ideal speed and strength she discovered last time, Sachi continues to stroke my penis, settling into a workmanlike rhythm.*
Sachi: Nn, mn, nn...
Sachi: Yuu-kun, Mr. Penis seems to be picking up a bit of a temperature... Is he enjoying himself?
Yuuji: That he is. You've come a long way already. Hard to believe this is only your second handjob, what with these skills.
Sachi: Hmm. You almost make me sound like some sort of naturally lewd sex-beast, but...
Sachi: It seems I can't help but be happy when you compliment me, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *Smiling happily up at me, Sachi starts to gradually pick up the pace.*
Narration: *Her soft fingers twine nimbly around my penis, accurately pinpointing the sensitive spots. Every stroke is genuinely pleasurable.*
Sachi: From this point on, I'll be experimenting with a variety of new tricks.
Yuuji: All right...
Narration: *With this announcement, Sachi begins to mix up her tempo, irregularly alternating slow strokes with faster movements.*
Sachi: And next... a little twist, like so...
Narration: *Before I have time to adjust, she starts moving her right and left hand in different directions, adding an unexpected new dimension to the attack.*
Sachi: Mnn, nn, mf...
Narration: *At some point during all this, she seems to have gotten a little excited herself, judging from the heated sound of her breathing.*
Sachi: And lastly, go for the tip... like so...
Narration: *Sachi wraps the head of my penis up in her right hand and begins to rub it against her palm, all the while maintaining a steady stroke along the shaft with her left.*
Narration: *This sudden, powerful stimulation to a highly sensitive area takes me slightly by surprise. I reflexively jerk my waist back a little.*
Sachi: Ah... there's some clear liquid coming out from the tip, just like last time...
Yuuji: Yeah, pre-cum. I'm pretty much ready to ejaculate.
Sachi: In that case, I think it's about time I moved on to phase two, yes...?
Yuuji: ...Phase two?
Narration: *I'm still trying to figure out what the hell that means when Sachi leans forward and firmly guides my penis into her mouth.*
Sachi: Mn... mmf...
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *All of a sudden, I'm halfway engulfed in her warm, wet mouth. I can't help letting out a grunt of surprise.*
Yuuji: ...A blowjob, Sachi? You serious?
Sachi: Yesh... T'day, I'd hike to servishe you wif my mouf...
Narration: *Mouth still full of dick, Sachi admits her plot. Choosing not to wait for my approval, she immediately proceeds to lap up my pre-cum with the tip of her tongue.*
Sachi: Shlurp, *Smack* *Slurp*... nn...
Narration: *Moving her tongue vigorously around her narrow mouth, she deliberately targets the already sensitive head of my penis.*
Sachi: Nnf... *Slurp* *Smack* *Smack*...
Narration: *The strategy's good, but her tactics are what really take me by surprise. From the very tip of the head down to the sensitive fold of skin underneath, then tracing along the thick neck of the glans, Sachi precisely attacks my weak points.*
Sachi: Mnf... what do you think? How do you like my mouf...?
Yuuji: Okay, question. It doesn't really surprise me that you know about blowjobs in theory, but how the hell did you pick up this sort of technique?
Sachi: *Shhmack*... nhaaah...
Sachi: As a matter of fact... when I asked Sakaki-san for advice earlier, she provided me with a movie that served as a valuable reference...
Narration: *Temporarily releasing my penis, Sachi unabashedly explains the circumstances behind her impressive fellatio.*
Yuuji: Okay, Sakaki, I think we need to have us a little chat.
Narration: *Giving advice is one thing, lending an innocent classmate hardcore pornography is another...*
Sachi: But... thanks to that visual aid, I was able to devote myself to image training...
Sachi: And I learned... that men like it when you do this...
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi rolls up her shirt and underwear in one smooth movement, exposing her breasts.*
Yuuji: Hey now, Sachi...
Sachi: Hehehe. Your little friend just went "twitch," Yuu-kun. I'm very happy to see my chest excites you...
Narration: *A mischievous smile on her face, Sachi pops my penis back into her mouth, quickly resuming her oral caresses.*
Sachi: Nnf... hah... fhere... now we'be hot you a profer reward, I fink...
Narration: *Can't deny she seems to be on to something here. With this erotic new visual complement to her ministrations, I can feel more blood pulsing into my little friend.*
Sachi: *Slurp*... *Smack* *Smack*... hah, nn... nnn...
Narration: *After running her tongue down the back of the glans several times, Sachi slowly begins to move her head forward and back.*
Sachi: Nnn... *Slrp* *Slurp*... hah... nnn...
Narration: *Her lips, glistening with saliva, gently move over my penis.*
Sachi: Mmn... *Kiss* *Smack*... nn... *Slurp*...
Narration: *After delivering a few light kisses to the very tip, she takes me all the way inside until I'm practically tickling her throat.*
Narration: *Her deep, affectionate strokes stimulate every inch of my penis simultaneously.*
Sachi: Nhaah... *Lick* *Smack*... mmm...
Narration: *As she relentlessly repeats these movements, a pleasant numbness slowly begins to spread throughout my lower body.*
Sachi: *Smack* *Slurp*... Haa... nnn... Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Looking down from above as my swollen dick violates Sachi's small mouth, my physical pleasure is accompanied by a primitive sense of satisfaction. The lust for conquest fulfilled, I guess.*
Sachi: Nnf... *Lick*... *Slurp*... mngh...
Narration: *The intervals between each sway of Sachi's head gradually grow shorter; spit runs sloppily from the corners of her mouth.*
Sachi: Haaah... Yuu-kun, your friend here... has a rather erotic flavor...
Sachi: I wonder if that's why... mm, mff... I wouhn't mihd foing this horever...
Narration: *Cheeks bulging with "man-meat," the girl looks up at me with moistened, wistful eyes.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Sachi: *Lick* *Slurp* *Kiss* Lick*... nhaaah...
Narration: *Not missing even the slightest twitch or grunt, she relentlessly zeroes in on my weak points, attacking with lips and tongue.*
Sachi: Nff... *Slrp* *Lick*... *Smack* *Kiss*...
Sachi: Whah... fo hou fink? Is mifter penif heeling good?
Yuuji: Yeah. To be honest, it's taking some serious effort to hold out right now.
Sachi: Nhaah... there's no need to "hold out," Yuu-kun. Please come just when you please...
Sachi: But in any case... I'll do my very best to pleasure you even further...
Narration: *After delivering this line with a cheerful smile, Sachi latches back on and resumes fellating me, her pace noticeably faster than before.*
Sachi: Nff... *Slurp* *Slurp* *Kiss*... nnn...
Narration: *Her hot tongue twines stickily around the head of my penis, sending a jolt of pleasure up my spine.*
Sachi: Nlrp... *Smack*... *Smack* *Slurp*
Narration: *And even as she coils around me, Sachi begins to suck in earnest, her whole mouth pulling tight against my skin.*
Yuuji: Kuh. This is... tougher than I expected...
Sachi: Lrp... *Sluuurp*... *Slurp* *Smack*... mnn...
Narration: *The girl's just too relentless. I can't hold down the need to ejaculate much longer.*
Sachi: Haaah, mn... *Slurp*... *Slurp*...
Yuuji: Sachi, I'm about to...
Sachi: Yesh... tha'sh huite all hight... Pleahe feel fhee to come at any hime...
Narration: *Taking my penis deep inside, she squeezes vigorously down, using her entire mouth to guide me toward climax.*
Narration: *The powerful stimulation pushes me past the point of no return. I can feel the orgasm starting to build up inside me.*
Sachi: Hah, nn... *Lick* *Slurp*... *Slurp*... *Slurp*...
Narration: *Pulling back a little, Sachi firmly strokes the shaft of my penis between her soft hands, simultaneously launching a vigorous attack on the glans with her tongue.*
Sachi: Mmmf... blrb... *Smack*... haa!
Narration: *Carried away with a greedy desire for more of that pleasure, I reflexively start moving my hips as well.*
Sachi: Nnah, haa... *Slurp* *Smack*... nhaah...
Sachi: Mmf, *Slurp* *Smack*... sslpp... mn, frmmm!!!
Yuuji: Khhh!!
Narration: *And so, as Sachi gives my penis one final powerful suck, I release my semen inside her mouth.*
Sachi: Hyaa! Fhaa... ah, aah...!!
Narration: *Surprised by the sheer force of my ejaculation, Sachi releases her "little friend," who proceeds to spew hot come all over her face and hair.*
Sachi: Nhaaah... ah, there's so much, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *The girl just might have had a light orgasm herself. Her whole body's trembling convulsively, and there's a dreamy, ecstatic expression on her face.*
Sachi: Nhaah... haa... haa... your semen's... so very hot... mm...
Yuuji: Sorry... got it all over your face...
Sachi: Mmf... that's all right... I'm very happy to have brought you pleasure, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: That said... you said that you love me, Yuu-kun... and by the same token, I love you very much.
Sachi: And so, the mere act of servicing you... has brought me to this state...
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi holds up her skirt with both hands, deliberately showing me her panties.*
Narration: *It's quite a sight, to be sure. The delicate cloth is already soaked through; she's clearly sopping wet underneath.*
Sachi: Therefore... would you be so kind as to pleasure me in return?
Yuuji: Yeah. Leave it to me.
Sachi: Thank you very much. In that case, please lie yourself down on the bed, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ...You want me on bottom?
Sachi: Yes. Today, I'd like to be the one making love to you...
Narration: *Sachi waits for me to settle face-up on the bed, then lowers herself into a straddling position with a pleased grin on her face.*
Sachi: Hmm... When I gaze down on you from above in this way, I can't help but feel that I'm doing an extremely naughty thing...
Yuuji: Why? You're just a maid faithfully serving her master, right?
Sachi: Yes... and today, I happen to be an exceptionally lewd maid. Even by maidly standards.
Narration: *With a coquettish little smile, Sachi reaches down to grab my penis, already fully recovered and ready for action.*
Sachi: Wah... Yuu-kun, Mr. Penis seems to have grown harder than before... and he's running quite the temperature...
Yuuji: Seems he's really looking forward to what comes next.
Sachi: Yes... it's the real deal this time, my friend... Please do enjoy yourself...
Narration: *Slowly and carefully, Sachi brings Mr. Penis to her own genitals.*
Sachi: Nn, nnnn!
Narration: *As the two meet, the head of my penis brushes against Sachi's already-sensitive labial folds. She stifles a moan and pauses for a moment.*
Sachi: Fwah... ah, aaah...
Narration: *At this point, I hit on the idea of teasing her a little, and immediately start a little deliberate swaying of my hips.*
Sachi: Nhaaaah! Y-Yuu-kun... don't!! Nnn!
Sachi: Nnn! Ah... don't squirm around like that... naah, ah... I'm really going to...!
Narration: *Just as Sachi's body begins to quiver above me, I bring my movements to an abrupt halt.*
Sachi: Nhaah... haa... haa... geez... you really are a hopeless bully, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Funny thing about that. Sometimes just seeing your face gets me all mischievous.
Sachi: ...I'm not sure if I should be happy about that...
Narration: *Even as she puffs out her cheeks in a childish expression of irritation, Sachi's guiding my penis back to her vaginal opening.*
Sachi: Well then... this time, I really am going to put it in, okay...?
Sachi: ......!
Narration: *As good as her word, Sachi squeezes her eyes shut and slowly lowers her hips.*
Sachi: Nhaaaaaaaaah!! Ah... nnnn!
Narration: *Although she's pretty well-lubricated this time, Sachi only lost her virginity yesterday. In other words, it's still an extremely tight fit.*
Yuuji: Sachi... don't overdo it, all right?
Sachi: I-I'm quite all right... It doesn't hurt much compared... to last...!
Narration: *Trailing off mid-sentence, Sachi bites down on her lower lip, then lets her waist fall a little further down.*
Narration: *With help from the weight of Sachi's own body, my penis forcibly pushes its way up into her.*
Sachi: Nnn... nn... nnnn...
Sachi: Fwaaaaaah... ahh!!
Narration: *And with a shriek at least one octave higher than before, Sachi takes me in all the way to the base.*
Sachi: Nnnn... haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *For a long moment Sachi just sits there, her shoulders heaving as she gasps for air. Not that it's surprising, given her inexperience.*
Yuuji: You all right, Sachi?
Sachi: Y-Yes... if you can wait just a little longer, I'll be able to m... mnnnn!
Narration: *Even the slightest attempt at movement leaves Sachi grimacing in obvious pain.*
Narration: *That violent insertion just now probably opened up a few half-healed wounds from our first encounter the other day.*
Yuuji: That has to hurt, right? Take it easy. Nice and slow is fine.
Sachi: N-No need to concern yourself... This really is nothing much, I assure you...
Narration: *In a show of determination, Sachi slowly begins to pull her waist back up, trying to regain a little distance.*
Sachi: Khhn! Nn... nnngh!
Narration: *That alone puts a strained expression on her face. A groan of distress escapes from between her clenched teeth.*
Sachi: Nhaaaah... ah, haan...
Narration: *Even so, Sachi doggedly persists, rising as far as her shaking legs will carry her.*
Sachi: Nnn... haa... haaa... I'm going to... begin moving now, all right?
Yuuji: Uh, hold on, Sachi...
Narration: *Before I can even object, she begins to move her hips again without so much as a pause for rest.*
Sachi: Fhaaaah, ah, aaah...!
Narration: *Every time a moan escapes Sachi's mouth, her still-tight vagina clamps ruthlessly down on my dick as if to strangle it.*
Sachi: Haaaah... aah... nnn!
Narration: *Apparently this is her attempt at declaring "no need to concern yourself with me." Pushing right through the pain, she keeps her waist in constant vertical motion.*
Yuuji: Kuh... you really are unbelievably tight, you know that...?
Sachi: Nnnn! Nn, Yes... I can feel... you spreading me open, Yuu-kun...!
Narration: *Every time she pulls back, Sachi's walls close tight above me; and every time she lowers her hips, I feel the head of my penis pushing them apart again. It's almost like I'm violating a little girl.*
Sachi: Nhaaah! Ah, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *In an effort to soften Sachi's pain a little, I quietly reach out a hand to her clitoris.*
Sachi: Fuwaaaah! N-Not there... aaaah...
Narration: *Taken by surprise at this sudden stimulation, Sachi lets out a sharp little scream.*
Yuuji: C'mon. This should distract you from the pain a little...
Sachi: Nnnf, nn, well... yes, I suppose, but...!
Narration: *As if to prove my point, Sachi's little moans are already starting to take on a slightly different tone.*
Sachi: Aaah, ah... you're rubbing me... so hard, both inside and out...!
Narration: *Her nervous system bombarded with simultaneous waves of pleasure and pain, Sachi babbles out a play-by-play to no one in particular.*
Sachi: Fhaaaaah! Ah, aaah... ahaaaaah!
Narration: *Every time I gently roll her clit around with my fingers, warm liquid floods out from the depths of her vagina.*
Sachi: Mmfhh... oh no, not again... it sounds so lewd... nnn!
Narration: *Our bodily fluids play their role as lubricant, making every round trip a little easier than the one before. The only notable side effect is the constant stream of obscene wet sounds echoing through the room.*
Yuuji: Well, your voice is getting a lot louder too...
Sachi: Wha... A-Am I... nn, really being that loud...?
Yuuji: That you are. Wouldn't surprise me if the others have caught on by now...
Sachi: Nooo... d-don't even joke about that! Nnn! I'd absolutely... die of embarrassment... nnn!!
Narration: *Something about the way Sachi's face trembles with shame hits a switch in some primitive part of my brain. I'd been making a conscious effort to hold still until now, but all of a sudden I'm thrusting up into her.*
Sachi: Fwaaah! Yuu-kun, why are you moving...!?
Yuuji: Sorry about that. I appreciate the sentiment and all, but I want you to enjoy this as well...
Sachi: Well, that... nnn... makes me happy, but... if you move like this now, I'm going to... nnn!
Narration: *Confirming that Sachi's not really asking me to stop, I grind my hips up against hers, nice and slow.*
Narration: *Naturally, I haven't stopped playing with her clitoris either. Nothing too fierce yet; I'm just getting her warmed up for the moment.*
Sachi: Nhaaah! Ah, if you move like that... you're going to hit the back...!
Narration: *As Sachi struggles to adjust to my rhythmic motions, small beads of sweat begin to break out on her forehead.*
Sachi: Aah, ah... please, it feels so... My waist is... all tingly, nnn!
Narration: *I repeat my movements calmly but persistently, and soon enough Sachi begins to whimper with pleasure.*
Yuuji: Sounds like you're finally starting to feel good, huh...?
Sachi: Yes... just knowing that you're making love to me... makes the inside of my belly... all hot...
Narration: *As if to demonstrate the truth of Sachi's words, there's another gush of lubricating fluid from deep inside her.*
Narration: *The moment seems right. I pick up the pace, swinging my hips faster and harder than before.*
Sachi: Naaah! Ah, that's too... aaaah!
Narration: *Sachi screams incoherently. My slight increase in speed seems to have amplified the effectiveness of every thrust.*
Sachi: Don't! Aaah... I'm going to go, nn... crazy...
Narration: *Every time she moans, her hot, wet vagina coils closely around my penis from shaft to tip.*
Yuuji: Kuh... you're really squeezing down, Sachi...
Sachi: Yes... nn, I won't let you go... You're staying with me, Yuu-kun... nnnn!
Narration: *Thanks to my thorough efforts, her inner walls have finally opened up just a little, enabling me to thrust more quickly and powerfully.*
Sachi: Ahaaah! Ah, aah... this, this is too...!
Narration: *No longer entirely in control of the situation, Sachi struggles to endure my attacks. Her voice is tinged with ecstasy.*
Narration: *From the sound of things, she's not feeling much in the way of pain anymore. With that concern lifted, I gradually accelerate the movement of my hips.*
Sachi: Nhaaah! No... No matter how hard I try, I can't... stop moaning...!
Narration: *Pursing her lips in a desperate attempt to muffle her own voice, Sachi's body bends backward as if to escape the relentless stimulation.*
Sachi: Noooo... ah, aaahn! Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun!!
Narration: *As she passionately shouts out my name, I feel my second ejaculation of the day rapidly approaching.*
Yuuji: Sachi... I'm going to come soon...
Sachi: Yes... me too... My head's... gone blank...!
Narration: *Even as she speaks, Sachi's vagina begins to spasm rapidly against me.*
Sachi: Fwaaaah! Ah, aaah! Aaaaahn!!
Narration: *Trying to hasten the arrival of Sachi's orgasm, I forcefully push all the way up against the entrance to her womb.*
Sachi: Nhaaaah! Not again... you're... poking me all the way back there... nnn!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *Apparently Sachi has similar plans. I can feel her tensing her muscles, deliberately squeezing down even tighter in an attempt to make me come.*
Sachi: Aaahn! Ah... no! This feels too good... I can't...!!
Narration: *She swings her hips up and down frantically, from all appearances completely crazed with pleasure. Not that I'm much calmer right now.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi! Sachi... Sachi!!!
Sachi: Nhaaah! Aah! Yuu-kun, Yuu-kun!!
Narration: *For a moment, her tight grip on my penis slackens. But in the next, she clamps down twice as fiercely.*
Sachi: Fwaaaaaaah! Ah... AaaaaaAaaaah!!!
Yuuji: ...Khhhhh!!
Sachi: Nhaaah! Ah... aaah... haaa...
Narration: *The pressure's so intense that it feels like she's going to rip my dick clean off. I reflexively retreat just as I hit orgasm; the instant I slip out of Sachi, a blast of semen sprays onto her stomach.*
Sachi: Fwaaaaah... ah, look how much there is... even though it's the second round...
Narration: *It's a vigorous ejaculation, and it doesn't end quickly. I spew come all over Sachi's body and face.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... nnn... Yuu-kun's penis... slipped out of me...
Narration: *Accepting the barrage passively, Sachi stares down into my eyes, her expression dreamy and content.*
Yuuji: Yeah... That big squeeze at the end there really caught me by surprise...
Sachi: W-Well, it was rather intense for me too... I thought I was going to lose consciousness for a moment...
Yuuji: You know, it seems like our bodies work pretty damn well together...
Sachi: I'm exceptionally happy to hear that, but... I'm a little disappointed you didn't come inside me again...
Narration: *Delivering this slightly alarming announcement with a straight face, Sachi proceeds to scoop up some of the semen lying on her body, then carries it to her mouth with her fingers.*
Sachi: Mmmf... *Smack*... Yuu-kun's semen... really is astonishingly hot...
Narration: *As I watch Sachi lap up my semen with an entranced expression on her face, I find myself growing hard again.*
Sachi: Wah... Yuu-kun, my insatiable friend Mr. Penis is getting big yet again.
Yuuji: Don't blame him. When I see my favorite girl acting sexy, I'll get hard whether I want to or not.
Sachi: How frightening. I can only imagine how many women you've left in tears... It seems you may be something of a lusty brute, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ...Maybe so, but what does that make my girlfriend?
Sachi: I think you may have noticed by now, Yuu-kun... but the truth is, I happen to be a rather lewd young lady in my own right...
Sachi: Accordingly, I will answer your desires until you're fully satisfied... no matter how long that may take.
Narration: *Not even stopping long enough to gather her breath, Sachi once again guides me to the mouth of her vagina, a bold smile on her face.*
Narration: *Before I can even react, she lets her hips fall, skewering herself on my penis.*
Sachi: Nhaaaaaaaaah!! Aaah!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *So soon after her last orgasm, she's still incredibly sensitive. The mere act of accepting me leaves her inner walls convulsing fiercely.*
Narration: *A visible wave of pleasure runs through Sachi's body. She curves her spine backward like a bow, letting out something halfway between a moan and a scream.*
Sachi: Nhaah... haaa... haaa...
Narration: *It's almost like I'm seeing an instant replay of a few minutes ago. Sachi trembles weakly above me, her eyes unfocused and misty.*
Yuuji: Did you come already?
Sachi: Nnn, mn... yes, I did... just from putting it in...
Sachi: It seems... I'm now a slutty maid in truth as well as title...
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi offers me a weak, quavering smile.*
Yuuji: ...Don't worry. You're my slutty maid. I'll take responsibility for making you that way.
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *After gently petting Sachi's head in an attempt at reassurance, I begin moving my waist.*
Sachi: Fwaaah! Already...? I... can't...
Narration: *I made a conscious effort to move nice and slow, but even so, Sachi immediately begins to whimper.*
Yuuji: I see... Right now, it barely makes a difference how gently I do it...
Sachi: Nhaaah... uhm... does that mean you'll take it nice and easy?
Yuuji: You really think I'm that kind of man?
Sachi: ...No... I suppose not.
Narration: *Her tone resigned, Sachi reaches out and grasps my hand; her fingers slip tightly between mine, as if to brace herself against what's coming.*
Yuuji: Okay... Try to tough it out for a while, all right?
Sachi: Yes... I'll do my utmost...
Narration: *In the instant Sachi squeezes her eyes tightly shut, I thrust vigorously upward, piercing her deeply.*
Sachi: Hwwwaaah!! Ah... aaah...!!
Narration: *That single stroke leaves Sachi practically screaming with pleasure. Her wet flesh clamps down on me hard enough to hurt.*
Narration: *Not that I allow that to give me pause. It's about time I showed her what I'm really made of.*
Sachi: Nhaaah! Ah, aaah... haaaah...
Narration: *I continue moving my hips back and forth, quickly picking up the tempo. Fortunately enough, the interior of Sachi's vagina is flooded with various bodily fluids, so it's relatively smooth going.*
Sachi: Fnn, nn, nnn... Yuu-kun... am I imagining things, or are you even bigger than before...?
Yuuji: Maybe... but you've got no one but yourself to blame, little miss lewd.
Sachi: Ah, aah... I was right... nn, you really are a brute...!
Narration: *...This meager show of defiance is counter-productively adorable. I'm even more determined than before to drive her wild with pleasure.*
Sachi: Ah! Ah, haahn! Aaah...
Narration: *Even speech is quickly growing difficult for her. My thrusts and retreats are answered only by throaty gasps.*
Narration: *In those sweet little sounds, I find tangible evidence that I've made Sachi into a woman. Spurred on by a primal sense of satisfaction, I firmly grind my hips up against hers.*
Sachi: Fwaaah, aaah! Even though I came just minutes ago... my head's... going blank again...
Narration: *It doesn't take long before my vigorous attacks leave her whimpering.*
Yuuji: Not a problem... I'm getting there myself...
Sachi: Nhaaaah! Ah! Aah... Yuu-kun!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *Every time Sachi braces herself against a new assault of pleasure, her hot walls tremble against my cock; she seems to be actively trying to wring out my semen.*
Narration: *I'm going to come pretty soon myself if I just keep swinging my hips like this.*
Yuuji: But unfortunately for you, I think I need to get a little payback in first...
Narration: *Slowing my pace slightly, I reach out and grab hold of Sachi's defenseless breasts.*
Narration: *Before she even has time to yelp in surprise, my thumbs are rubbing up and down against her perky little nipples.*
Sachi: Fwahhh! Ah, there too...? Nhaah...
Yuuji: Sorry, but I can't let myself get completely routed by a girl who was a virgin all of two days ago...
Sachi: That's not fair... nngh! When you do that... it feels too good... nnn!!
Narration: *Apparently my multi-stage assault on her genitals has left Sachi's entire body sensitive. She curves back as I caress her tits, as if trying to flee.*
Narration: *Keeping up my attack on the nipples, I begin to knead her nicely-sized breasts in the palms of my hands.*
Sachi: Nooo! Aah... that's lewd... The way you're touching me... is too lewd...!
Yuuji: ...Hey now, don't get too worried about your breasts... Can't forget the main front, you know?
Sachi: Huh...? Ah, nhaaaah! Ah, don't... don't thrust like tha... aah... fwaaaaah!!
Narration: *I alternate between moving my hips and firmly massaging Sachi's breasts, throwing off her defenses through an irregular attack pattern.*
Sachi: Aaaah! Ah, aaah... it's going all tingly again... deep inside my belly... nnnn!
Yuuji: That's fine. As long as we're alone, you can feel free to stick out your tongue, roll back your eyes, and squeal like a pig.
Sachi: T-That's absolutely NOT fine! I'm... embarrassed, for your information... nnn! Yuu-kun, you jerk... Pervert...
Narration: *My gentle (?) teasing leaves Sachi red as a lobster, quivering with embarrassment.*
Narration: *In an apparent attempt at retaliation, her vagina squeezes down on me, turning her pleasant tightness into an absolute stranglehold.*
Sachi: Fwaaah, at this rate... I really am going to...
Narration: *She's not just getting tighter but stickier as well, thanks to the stream of liquid flowing out from deep inside her. Even without her saying so, it's obvious she's getting very near to orgasm.*
Sachi: Please, Yuu-kun... this time, I want to do it together... nnn!!
Yuuji: Yeah... I think that can be arranged...
Narration: *Dropping my hands from Sachi's breasts, I quickly begin thrusting as fast as I can, trying to synchronize my climax with hers.*
Narration: *As I pound myself against her waist, the room echoes with the rhythmic sound of flesh slapping against flesh.*
Sachi: Fwaaaaah! Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun...!
Yuuji: Sachi... I'm almost there...
Sachi: Yes! Come inside me! Please... let me pleasure you to the very end!!
Yuuji: Sachi... Sachi... Sachi!!
Narration: *Calling her name repeatedly for no particular reason, I break into the final sprint.*
Sachi: Fwaaaah, aah, aah! Aaah...
Sachi: Nhoooo! Don't stab me so hard, I'll... I'll, aaaah!!
Narration: *Just as the tip of my cock scrapes up against the mouth of her uterus, Sachi's body spasms powerfully.*
Sachi: Nnnn! Fwaah! Ah... I love you, Yuu-kun!! I love you!!
Yuuji: Khhhhh!! Sachi!!!
Narration: *And in the very instant that Sachi's strongest orgasm of the day finally takes her, I release my load deep inside her.*
Sachi: Fhaaaaaaa! Ah, ah... aaaaaaaaaahn!!!
Narration: *Sachi throws her head back and screams, physically overwhelmed by the strength of her climax.*
Sachi: Nhaaah! Ah, aah... Yuu-kun, your come's so... hot...!
Narration: *Her body repeatedly twitching against mine, she accepts every drop of my third ejaculation.*
Sachi: Nhaaah... haa... haa...
Yuuji: You did good, Sachi... That was amazing...
Sachi: Yes... for me as well... For a moment there, all my thoughts were simply blasted out of my head...
Narration: *An embarrassed smile on her face, Sachi meekly offers me her impressions. Warm affection spreads pleasantly through my chest.*
Sachi: Yuu-kun... I love you...
Yuuji: Yeah. Right back at you...
Narration: *Physically exhausted at last, we lean our bodies against each other, exchanging countless brief kisses.*
Sachi: Mmm... nnn...
Narration: *Immediately after we made love, Sachi fell soundly asleep. But a little before midnight, she begins to stir in my arms.*
Yuuji: ...What, up already?
Sachi: Uh... Yuu-kun...?
Narration: *Apparently a bit dazed, she blinks her eyes repeatedly in evident confusion.*
Sachi: Ah, that's right... I must have fallen asleep immediately afterward, yes...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Day's practically over by now, though. You can just go back to sleep if you want.
Sachi: The day's... over?
Yuuji: ...More or less. What about it?
Sachi: Well... it's nothing in particular...
Sachi: I was just thinking... I did a lot of dirty things with you today, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: That you did...
Narration: *Up against a girl who was a virgin until just the other day, I went three rounds in a row without so much as a pause for rest.*
Narration: *Been quite a while since the last time Mt. Yuuji experienced such a monumental eruption.*
Sachi: Perhaps that's why... even now, it almost feels like you're still inside me...
Yuuji: ...You really have gotten lewd all of a sudden, Sachi.
Sachi: ...Yes. With you and you alone, I'll be the dirtiest girl a man could ever want.
Narration: *Smiling happily, Sachi cuddles up against my arm and hugs it tightly.*
Narration: *Pure, straightforward affection is always a pleasant thing. But when it's coming from someone you care about in return, pretty much nothing else compares.*
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Uhm, Yuu-kun... since I'm already imposing, there's a favor I'd like to ask of you...
Yuuji: ...Hm? What's that?
Sachi: If at all possible, I'd like this to be a regular occurence...
Sachi: Would it be all right if I continued to sleep with you from now on?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *The expression on Sachi's face is placid, but something in the tone of her voice seems earnest, even pleading.*
Narration: *I don't think she's just playing her slightly pushy girlfriend character right now. There's something else to this. For a moment, I hesitate to reply.*
Sachi: ...Is it a "no" after all?
Narration: *Apparently a little unnerved by the delay, Sachi looks up into my eyes and presses for an answer.*
Narration: *It's such a characteristic little gesture that I can't help but smile reassuringly back at her.*
Yuuji: ...No, fine by me. Sharing a bed's easy enough.
Sachi: ...Thank you very much, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *Smiling in relief, Sachi slowly closes her eyes and nestles up against me.*
Sachi: ...Zzz... zzz...
Narration: *And within seconds, I hear her breathing take on a quiet, regular rhythm.*
Yuuji: ...Wait, are you already asleep?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *I try poking her cheeks as a little experiment, but get nothing in the way of a reaction.*
Narration: *...Well, I guess she did work pretty damn hard for my benefit today.*
Narration: *In recognition of her gallant efforts, I suppose I can overlook this lapse in discipline for the time being.*
Yuuji: Get yourself some rest, Sachi...
Narration: *Mumbling a few pointless words to my snoring girlfriend, I reach out and gently brush a few loose strands of hair from her forehead.*

Date: *September 2, 2011, 04:25 - School Dormitory - Sachi's Room*
Yuuji: ......
???: Uuh... ugh...
???: Haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *Early the next morning, I snap awake to the sound of someone breathing heavily a few inches from my ear.*
Sachi: Nnn... haa... haa...
Yuuji: ...Sachi?
Narration: *I turn my head toward the irregular sound that roused me. Sachi's lying at my side, squirming in her sleep.*
Narration: *It takes me a few seconds to remember that I agreed to share her bed last night.*
Sachi: Haa... haa...
Narration: *Sachi seems to be having some sort of nightmare. Her breathing's rough and ragged.*
Narration: *From the look of things, I should probably wake her up immediately.*
Yuuji: Sachi... Hey, Sachi...
Sachi: Nnn... nnngh...
Narration: *When I quietly call her name, Sachi opens her eyes just a sliver.*
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: You awake?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *But instead of responding to my voice, she just gazes vaguely over at me.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi?
Sachi: Nn... Nnyu.
Yuuji: ..."Nnyu," is it?
Narration: *I just gave her a considerate wake-up call, and now she expects me to play along with this cutesy sleepy-head act? Some nerve.*
Narration: *Seems I've been too lax on the girl lately. Time to reestablish a little discipline.*
Yuuji: Haaa...
Yuuji: What's all this then, Head Maid!? You've forgotten your morning duties!!
Sachi: Wah, I do apow'gize. That'sh right...
Narration: *Her body quivering with surprise, Sachi reflexively reaches for my pants like a well-trained dog ordered to fetch a "bone."*
Narration: *I respond with an instant karate chop to the crown of her head.*
Sachi: Myonnn!?
Narration: *With a dopey little yelp, Sachi's sleep-fogged eyes snap fully open.*
Yuuji: ...You finally conscious?
Sachi: Wah... Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Spare me your "Wah." If this was an NCO barracks, you'd be running five laps around the grounds by now.
Sachi: I do apologize... Having only just woken up, it seems I was a little dazed...
Yuuji: You were tossing and turning in your sleep. Have a nightmare or something?
Sachi: ...A nightmare...? Well, I suppose so. I do dream as much as the next person.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *True enough, her little groans weren't particularly dramatic. Might just have been a run-of-the-mill bad dream.*
Yuuji: Have to say, though, I'm a little surprised you're not a morning person.
Sachi: Well, I normally wake up quite easily and in full possession of my faculties. I believe today is something of a special case.
Yuuji: Oh? Why's today any different?
Sachi: Because sleeping next to you was exceptionally pleasant, Yuu-kun. In other words, it's entirely your fault.
Yuuji: Stop pushing the blame onto me every time you embarrass yourself, you cheeky little punk.
Sachi: ...Oh, am I cheeky? In that case, I suppose I'll have to be punished.
Narration: *There's a vaguely expectant expression on Sachi's face as she delivers this line.*
Narration: *Her newfound aggressiveness on this front reminds me pretty strongly of the pushy little kid she used to be, but at the moment it's a little hard to celebrate...*
Yuuji: No, I think I'll pass.
Yuuji: I don't dislike the whole master of the mansion roleplaying, but I'm not enough of a lust-crazed monkey to start screwing first thing in the morning.
Sachi: ...In other words, by endeavoring to maintain habitual abstinence, our sexual encounters will burst with the fiery passion of long-distance lovers reunited only once a year. Quality over quantity, yes?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Sachi's always had a habit of clinging stubbornly to certain misconceptions, but the trend actually seems to be accelerating lately... in some very weird ways. Is this my fault?*
Sachi: In any case, since we woke up together, why don't I make some morning coffee?
Yuuji: An attractive proposal, but I want to take care of my daily running first.
Narration: *Rolling out of bed, I proceed to straighten my appearance a little.*
Sachi: Certainly. In that case, I'll gladly assist with your preparations.
Yuuji: Well, you don't really need to, but...
Amane: Ah...
Narration: *Amane happens to be coming down the stairs from the second floor just as we leave the room. Our eyes meet.*
Narration: *Instantaneously evaluating the approaching danger, I turn to my side and issue preemptive orders.*
Yuuji: Emergency situation, Sachi! Take her into custody!!
Sachi: Sir!!
Amane: Heh? Ah...
Narration: *Sachi circles smoothly behind her target, binds her thumbs together with a bit of nylon cord, then pushes a knee sharply against the back of her right leg. Amane's forced to her knees, both arms effectively immobilized.*
Narration: *Truly graceful, confident movements. Reminds me of a well-trained professional operative at work.*
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Seems like you've been keeping up with your daily training.
Sachi: Sir! Thank you, sir!
Amane: ...Sorry to interrupt this little chat, but I'd really like to ask a question.
Yuuji: Very well. You have permission to speak.
Amane: Why did you restrain me, exactly? No, wrong question. Why capture me in the first place?
Yuuji: There was a possibility you'd get some funny ideas about us leaving the room together and start squawking. I acted to neutralize this threat.
Amane: What, were you doing "you-know-what" in there?
Yuuji: I'm not going to fall for your leading questions. I'm the one conducting this interrogation! Who sent you after us? Is this Makina's doing?
Amane: Uh... what do you mean, leading question? Everyone knows you two're going out, remember...?
Amane: It's hardly that surprising to see you two coming out of the same room early in the morning. I'm not going to kick up a fuss or anything...
Yuuji: What, really? Should have said so in the first place.
Amane: Unfortunately, I was trussed up like a turkey before I had the chance to say anything!!
Sachi: Uhm... I do apologize for the rough treatment, Amane-san.
Amane: Aah, you don't have to apologize, Sacchan. Yuuji made you do it, right?
Sachi: Yes. Even now, Yuu-kun's word is my gospel.
Amane: Okay, look... I don't mind if you want to boast about your relationship, but would you mind undoing these ropes first?
Sachi: Wah, that's right...
Narration: *Finally coming to her senses, Sachi retrieves a pair of scissors from god-knows-where and carefully snips the nylon cord binding Amane's fingers.*
Amane: Haaah... can't say I ever expected to become a prisoner of war in my own country...
Yuuji: But if you weren't shadowing us, why are you up and about this early?
Amane: Aah, right. They're having a morning market in the shopping district today, you know? Early bird gets the produce.
Yuuji: ...What, just economizing on your food costs?
Amane: Yep, exactly. The veggies there are always way cheaper than usual, you know?
Sachi: In that case, I'll gladly look after Maki-chan in your absence.
Amane: Thanks, Sacchan. I left breakfast in my room, so if she wakes up before I get back, you can just feed her that.
Sachi: Certainly. That shouldn't be a problem.
Amane: Okay then, I'm gonna do this thing!♪
Narration: *With an energetic pump of her fists, Amane bounds out of the dorm in pursuit of her bargains.*
Yuuji: Well, can't let Amane make us look bad. Let's get ready...
Sachi: Yes!♪
Sachi: ......
Narration: *That afternoon, halfway through her routine laundry duty, Sachi begins to spread out pens and paper on the table.*
Yuuji: Getting some studying in while you wait?
Sachi: No... I didn't find the time to return home this summer, so I was planning to write my uncle and aunt a letter describing my current situation.
Yuuji: Right, now that you mention it... you were adopted by your dad's brother and his wife, weren't you?
Sachi: Yes. The two of them have always been very kind people...
Sachi: After the adoption, they treated me like their own daughter... I can't convey the depths of my gratitude in words.
Yuuji: Their own daughter, huh...
Narration: *When someone ends up adopting a niece or nephew, problems of neglect and abuse are sadly common...*
Narration: *But from JB's information, Sachi's aunt and uncle were decent people who'd never managed to have a child of their own. I guess she was fortunate in that respect.*
Yuuji: In that case, I guess there's no reason to sugarcoat it. Might as well tell them how you're really feeling.
Sachi: Yes. I'll write all about the boy who transferred into the academy, and the daily lessons he provides me in the pleasures of womanhood.
Yuuji: Good thinking. Maybe they'll send you a celebratory box of condoms.
Sachi: How nice. It'll save me the effort of going to the drugstore.
Yuuji: ...Okay, this IS a joke, right?
Sachi: But of course. If I wrote something like that, I might well receive one of my uncle's specialty long-distance karate-chops.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Well, I did more or less get the sense she was kidding around, but you can never be too careful with this one.*
Sachi: ...Are my jokes really that regrettable?
Yuuji: That's not it. I'm more concerned with what you're writing about me.
Sachi: Please rest assured. I'm writing that I was reunited with my first love, and about how happy my everyday life has become as a result.
Yuuji: Your first love, huh...
Narration: *It honestly feels a little awkward to hear that, but it's hardly unpleasant to know that she had feelings for me even back then.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *But while we're on the topic of Sachi's past, there's something that's been weighing on my mind for a while now.*
Narration: *Specifically, her mother. In a persistent vegetative state ever since the accident, she's still lying in that hospital bed.*
Narration: *Sachi has to be aware of that fact, but she's never shown any intention of paying a visit. Or even mentioned her mother in the present tense.*
Narration: *I can't help but wonder how Sachi feels about her parents now... What she thinks about the "cold" way they treated her before the accident. That's one part of the story that's still mostly a blank.*
Sachi: Judging from your expression... it seems there's something difficult on your mind, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Okay, Sachi. Mind if I ask you a serious question?
Sachi: ...This has something to do with my mom and dad.
Narration: *It's a statement, not a question. Sachi's expression is suddenly very serious.*
Yuuji: ...That's right.
Yuuji: On the day we destroyed the school, you said they abruptly "turned cold." Did something happen between you and your parents back then?
Sachi: Rather than "something happening," I think the problem was that nothing did...
Yuuji: ...Nothing happened?
Sachi: Yes. Until a little while before our first meeting at that park, my parents had been very caring and kind.
Sachi: But the workshop run by Dad's parents happened to be featured prominently on television, leading to a rapid increase in the work that came to us...
Sachi: My parents no longer paused their work to talk with me, and stopped using the weekends to play with me...
Sachi: Most often, I was eating my meals alone, in a house constantly filled with the din of machines making metal dies.
Sachi: I came to think their disinterest in me was the result of my own lack of effort...
Sachi: And so, I devoted myself to both my studies and my household chores with redoubled intensity.
Sachi: But no matter how hard I tried, the two of them simply wouldn't pay attention to me...
Sachi: That was the nature of the situation.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *From what I've just heard, it's easy enough to arrive at a reasonable conjecture. Sachi's parents were just too occupied with work to give her the attention she was craving. Their "coldness" was probably simple exhaustion.*
Narration: *But I can still remember the way Sachi used to talk about them on the playground back then... It's not hard to imagine how hurt and unhappy she must have been.*
Yuuji: Even so, I remember you saying that you "loved them very much" just a few weeks ago. Are those your honest feelings?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Sachi averts her eyes, clearly hesitant to answer.*
Narration: *There's no doubt that this is a painful question for her.*
Narration: *But Sachi's relationship with her parents was the root cause of all her suffering. Until she finds some sort of closure about this, I haven't "saved" her in any real sense.*
Sachi: I don't know how the two of them felt about me in the end...
Sachi: But it doesn't change the fact that I loved them both very much.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *The words have the ring of truth. Right now, I think Sachi understands her own feelings with absolute clarity.*
Narration: *In that case, maybe helping her escape the law she imposed on herself was enough.*
Narration: *Maybe, in breaking free of that defensive shell, she's found something like "normality" again...*
Yuuji: Sorry for asking you an unpleasant question, Sachi.
Sachi: There's no need to apologize, Yuu-kun.
Sachi: You went so very far to help me realize what I had been missing...
Sachi: In return, I want you to understand me completely.
Narration: *Sachi's words and tone convey something very close to absolute trust.*
Narration: *I respond to her earnest feelings by reaching out and gently petting her head.*
Yuuji: ...Thanks, Sachi.
Sachi: Of course...
Yuuji: But if you're that sure of your feelings toward your parents, I guess there's nothing for me to worry about.
Yuuji: Go ahead and tell your uncle that you're happy. Sounds like it's true.
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: When you're done writing that letter, let's go drop it off together.
Sachi: ...Yes.
Sachi: The sun... is setting in the sky... so find your way back home to me...♪
Narration: *Her freshly completed letter in hand, Sachi trots along a step ahead of me.*
Narration: *I've come to enjoy hearing this song, knowing that it means she's in a good mood. The gentle, flowing melody inspires relief and contentment.*
Narration: *...I guess even Michiru can be a valuable source of information every once in a while.*
Sachi: ...Come to think of it, Yuu-kun, did you know there's a small playground a little further down this road?
Yuuji: Yeah. Happened to pass by a little while ago on my way to work.
Sachi: That's a bit unfortunate. I was hoping to surprise you with a bit of high-quality intelligence...
Yuuji: ...That's high-quality intelligence in your book?
Sachi: Indeed it is. After all, the playground is a very special place for the two of us...
Sachi: I was rather expecting a burst of extravagant praise. Something along the lines of "Sachi, you really are something else. I love you more than anyone else on Earth! No, more than anyone in the universe!"
Yuuji: Sachi, you really are something else. I love you more than anyone else on Earth. No, more than anyone else in the universe.
Narration: *As I parrot the corny line, I wrap my arms around Sachi and hug her tightly.*
Sachi: ......
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: ...Hey, Sachi. You planning to say something here?
Sachi: Hah... I do apologize. I believe I stopped breathing from sheer joy...
Yuuji: I really wish I could interpret that as a joke...
Narration: *That said, it's kind of a relief that she enjoyed hearing it.*
Narration: *I'd been fully prepared for the possibility of something like "I was only joking, Yuu-kun. That's rather nauseating." Guess it was worth the gamble.*
Sachi: But I must say, Yuu-kun, you are truly a difficult nut to crack... It's hard to imagine surprising you or defeating you in any way...
Yuuji: You're overestimating me. I didn't beat you at "Xtreme Typos," did I?
Sachi: Come to think of it, I also won our swingset and chin-up competitions...
Yuuji: ...What, this is back when we were kids?
Sachi: Yes. At the time, you could still be accurately described as "cute," and I was always an athletically gifted child.
Yuuji: I'm not particularly happy about the "cute" thing, but... sounds like we played some pretty fierce games back then.
Sachi: It's probably more accurate to say that I forced you to play...
Yuuji: True, I've got a pretty strong impression of you as a complete tomboy.
Sachi: And as a result, I'm still the standing shoe-kicking champion...
Yuuji: ...Shoe-kicking?
Sachi: Oh, it's nothing.
Yuuji: If you say so...
Narration: *Seems like Sachi remembers those days pretty vividly...*
Narration: *But unfortunately, my own memories from back then are still pretty indistinct. At this point, that strikes me as a bit of a shame.*
Yuuji: Well, when we've both got some free time, maybe we can try messing around in a playground again.
Sachi: ...Is that offer in earnest?
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm a little irritated that I can't remember those days as well as you. Making some new memories strikes me as more productive than sulking about it.
Sachi: September third, 2011, 14:16...
Yuuji: ...Mind telling me why you're writing down the exact time all of a sudden? Am I under arrest?
Sachi: I'm recording your exact words as evidence, in order to ensure you can't refuse any future invitation to the playground.
Yuuji: I see, very prudent. It seems you've got a good grasp on my personality.
Sachi: But of course. You're the person I fell in love with, after all.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Well, so much for the last-minute "sorry, too embarrassing" escape route.*
Sachi: A date with Yuu-kun at the playground... I'm already looking forward to it very much...
Narration: *Swinging her arms back and forth in evident good cheer, Sachi marches along at my side.*
Narration: *Seeing this sincere smile on her face, I can feel my chest growing warm.*
Narration: *"Wonder if my master used to feel this way when I smiled at her..."*
Narration: *The thought brings a small, irrepressible smile to my own face.*
Yuuji: First things first, let's get that letter to the post office.
Sachi: ...Yes.
Narration: *Sachi's cheerful mood would last the entire day and well into the night - right until the moment we fell asleep, nestled against the warmth of each other's bodies.*

Date: *September 10, 2011, 04:08 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *"Human beings are most vulnerable in moments of celebration."*
Narration: *Growing up in a house where a thoughtless smile on my face could earn me a punch to the jaw, I figured that much out before I even graduated from elementary school.*
Narration: *Probably because of that, I've always been pretty cautious about making my real feelings too obvious to others...*
Narration: *And by the same token, I'm aware of associating "carelessness" with "danger" more strongly than most people. I make a conscious effort to stay alert, if not tense, at all times.*
Narration: *But as I've just been reminded, true carelessness is something that sneaks up on you; the nastiest surprises always come when you don't even realize you've let down your guard.*
Sachi: Haa... haa...
Narration: *Jerked involuntarily out of a light sleep, I hear harsh, gasping breathing nearby.*
Narration: *It doesn't take long for me to realize that it's Sachi. I instantly reach over and shake her trembling body.*
Yuuji: Sachi... Wake up, Sachi...
Sachi: ...Uuu... uuugh...
Narration: *When I call her name, her eyes slide open quickly enough.*
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: Ah... good morning, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *And a few moments later, she responds in a sluggish voice - a voice tinged with genuine exhaustion, rather than typical morning lethargy.*
Narration: *This has become a familiar pattern lately.*
Yuuji: ...Another bad dream?
Sachi: So... it would seem.
Narration: *This was my point of carelessness. Sachi's nightmares.*
Narration: *The first night I spent sharing a bed with Sachi became the first morning I saw her groaning in her sleep.*
Narration: *Hardly a problem in itself, but since then she's been having these nightmares practically every day.*
Narration: *And with each passing morning, her suffering seems to be growing worse.*
Narration: *When her squirming finally grows strong enough to rouse me, I quickly reach over and shake her awake.*
Narration: *Recently, this has become almost routine.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *Sachi closes her eyes and waits motionlessly for her breathing to grow calm.*
Yuuji: Is your throat dry? Need something to drink?
Sachi: No... I'm all right.
Narration: *Slowly sliding off the bed onto her feet, she makes her way directly to my bathroom.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *This clear exhaustion after the fact is a recent development.*
Narration: *At first, she'd quickly return to normal, so energetic and cheerful that I'd all but forget about her tossing and turning.*
Narration: *Because of that, I was slow to pick up on the fact that something was seriously wrong...*
Narration: *But recently, her poor sleep has begun to take its toll. In the last few days, she's been noticeably absentminded and inattentive, frequently spacing out at random moments.*
Sachi: ...I feel much better now that I've washed my face.
Narration: *Sachi returns from the bathroom a few minutes later, looking slightly more awake.*
Yuuji: ...Can you remember what the dream was about today?
Sachi: No, I'm afraid not...
Sachi: I do have the feeling that I saw an unpleasant dream... but I can't recall the precise contents.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *This response is familiar as well.*
Narration: *Sachi's aware of the nightmares, but so far she hasn't been able to remember the specific details after waking up.*
Sachi: In any case, it's about time you left for your daily running, isn't it?
Yuuji: Yeah, but―
Sachi: I'm quite all right, Yuu-kun. Please do go ahead with your normal routine.
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: I'll have breakfast waiting by the time you return.
Yuuji: ...All right.
Narration: *When Sachi's like this, the world's longest lever couldn't budge her.*
Narration: *Trying to push the issue wouldn't be productive. Reluctantly, I leave my room and head out for my run.*
Yuuji: ...Nightmares, huh?
Narration: *Alone on the rooftop of the dorm, I mutter the word to myself.*
Narration: *Sachi's gone out shopping for daily necessities. Finding myself with a little free time on my hands, I wandered up here to think things over.*
Yuuji: Mental exhaustion is a hell of a lot harder to deal with than the physical kind... Doesn't always show on the face.
Narration: *Sachi told me she was "quite all right," and it didn't look like she was consciously telling a lie.*
Narration: *But that just means the girl isn't fully aware of what these nightmares are doing to her. If anything, that makes the situation all the more troublesome. I need to take action quickly.*
Narration: *Bad dreams occur more often when there's something weighing on your mind. This constant barrage suggests Sachi's deeply troubled by something on a subconscious level.*
Narration: *To resolve this cleanly, I'd need to identify the specific cause of those nightmares...*
Narration: *But given that she can't provide me with any information on their content, I don't have many clues to work off. I'm not sure where to begin.*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Makina: Just what are those pointlessly huge boobs of Amane's made of, anyway...?
Yuuji: ...The hell?
Narration: *Rudely pulled out of my ruminations, I turn toward the unexpected interloper. Makina's standing a few feet behind me with a shit-eating smirk on her face.*
Makina: How's that? Were ya shocked at our superb synch rate, Onii-chan?
Yuuji: Yeah. Synchronization rate, approximately two percent. Astounding, in a way.
Makina: Uuu... yer kind of a buzzkill, ya know that...?
Yuuji: Well? What're you doing up here?
Makina: Nnwo? I noticed ya up here on my way to buy some juice, so I decided to practice my dubbin'.
Yuuji: That a fact...
Makina: How 'bout you then, Onii-chan? Busy navelin', maybe?
Narration: *...I'm going to guess she means "navel-gazing."*
Yuuji: ...Not really. Just thinking about something.
Makina: Somethin' on yer mind, eh? Wonderin' about the wallpaper on Yumi-chan's PC?
Yuuji: Definitely a point of curiosity, but no.
Makina: In that case, I guess it's Sacchin.
Yuuji: ...What makes you think that?
Makina: Uh, c'mon. Ya might as well have "My head's stuffed full of Sachi!" written on yer face.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *After arriving at this school, I've been thoroughly reminded that "a woman's intuition" can't be underestimated...*
Narration: *Since I've run into something of a dead end here, maybe it wouldn't be such a bad idea to try relying on that natural female perceptiveness.*
Yuuji: Makina, my friend, I have a favor to ask of you as a woman.
Makina: Whaaa!? E-Err, I appreciate yer feelings, Onii-chan... but I can't betray my best bro Sacchin, ya know?
Yuuji: ...Are you misunderstanding something here?
Makina: Huh? I figgered Sacchin wasn't givin' you what ya need, so it was time fer my baby-fat belly to make its sensational debut. Were ya talkin' about somethin' else?
Yuuji: Sorry to ruin this spectacular fantasy, but I'm not looking for sex with anyone other than Sachi.
Makina: I guess my mind-readin' skills aren't quite there yet...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Okay, no matter how desperate I might be, turning to Makina for advice might have been a little rash.*
Narration: *...But then again, she's the same age as Sachi, and the two of them are very close. Sachi might spend more time with Michiru, but her relationship with Makina is more of a straightforward friendship.*
Narration: *In other words, there's a decent chance the girl has the information I need.*
Yuuji: All right, Makina, allow me to rephrase that. I have a favor to ask of you as Sachi's best friend!
Makina: Ooh? Ya sure got an intense look on your face alluva sudden... What d'ya need?
Yuuji: I need you to answer a serious question. Has Sachi talked to you about having nightmares recently... No, at any point since she transferred in?
Makina: ...Nightmares?
Yuuji: Anything come to mind? Even just "dreams" in general. Try to remember.
Makina: I talk with Sacchin about all sortsa stuff, but... I don't think she's ever mentioned anythin' about dreams...
Yuuji: Have you ever seen her groaning or thrashing around in her sleep, then?
Makina: Uuu... un-forch'anut-ly, can't say as I have...
Yuuji: I see...
Makina: ...Ah! Hold on, that's right!!
Yuuji: What!? You remember something!?
Makina: Yeah... When we went ta visit Sacchin in th' hospital after you found her, we did see her havin' a pretty nasty nightmare. Just th' one time.
Yuuji: ...Did she say anything in her sleep?
Makina: Uh, I think she was yellin' "I'm sorry" a bunch of times... and at th' end, somethin' about "Mommy" and "Daddy."
Yuuji: I see...
Makina: ...Is somethin' wrong with Sacchin?
Narration: *Apparently my concern is pretty transparent. Makina peers up into my face with an anxious expression.*
Yuuji: She's just been having a lot of bad dreams lately, so I wanted to gather any information I could. It's nothing you need to worry about...
Makina: Hope that's true, but... I'm countin' on you ta help Sacchin out if she's havin' a rough time, Onii-chan.
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Leave it to me.
Narration: *I drop a hand onto Makina's head and ruffle her hair around a little in my usual way.*
Makina: Okay...
Makina: Mmkay then, I'm gonna buy some juice an' feed my crawfish.
Narration: *Her expression returning to a reassured smile, Makina shows me the jumble of coins in her hand, then trots back inside the dormitory.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: "I'm sorry" and "Mommy, Daddy," huh...
Narration: *I had my suspicions, but those keywords make it pretty clear. The dreams have to be connected to the accident that occurred on her birthday.*
Narration: *Sachi decisively stated that she still loves her parents, despite their "cold" attitude toward her near the end.*
Narration: *I'd taken that to mean Sachi had reached some sort of personal closure over what happened, but apparently that was wishful thinking on my part.*
Narration: *And if Sachi's memories of the past are the cause of her current suffering, JB's executive summary isn't going to be enough. I'm going to need more detailed information about what happened back then.*
Principal: ...Ah, so this is where you were hiding. Your outdoor shoes were in the rack, but I couldn't find you anywhere.
Yuuji: Oh, it's Chizuru...
Principal: Geez... I believe I've mentioned it's rude to call older women by their first name...
Yuuji: Figured I could just keep saying it until you lose the energy to complain.
Principal: That will absolutely never happen!
Yuuji: Anyway, sounds like you were looking for me... What do you need?
Principal: Ah, yes, that's right... Honestly, my conversations with you always get so hopelessly off-topic...
Narration: *Grumbling pointlessly in her usual manner, Chizuru takes out a thick envelope from under her arm and offers it to me.*
Yuuji: ...What's this?
Principal: It's a delivery. Addressed to you.
Yuuji: A delivery? What, from Ichigaya?
Principal: ...I believe you're capable of reading the label on your own.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I silently accept the envelope and look for the sender's name in the corner of the label.*
Yuuji: Komine Akihiro...? "Komine?" Is this...
Principal: That's right. Akihiro-san is our Komine-san's current legal guardian, as well as her paternal uncle.
Yuuji: Why would Sachi's uncle send me a package? What's in this thing?
Principal: I don't know the answer to either of those questions...
Principal: I was simply asked to hand that off to you, and to convey a verbal message.
Yuuji: ...A message?
Principal: Yes. Specifically, if you want to discuss the contents of this envelope, he'd like you to give him a call...
Yuuji: Sends a package to someone he's never met, and now he wants a phone call too? I don't get it...
Principal: Huh? I'd assumed... So you weren't acquainted with him from when you and Komine-san knew each other as children?
Yuuji: ...No. I never went to Sachi's house. Didn't even meet her parents, let alone her uncle.
Principal: In that case... this really is a little odd.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *In the first place, how does this man even know I exist?*
Yuuji: ...Oh, wait. That's right, I do have an idea what this might be about.
Principal: Did something happen?
Yuuji: Yeah. Sachi just recently sent her family a letter about how things are going. Said she was mentioning me.
Principal: Ah, I see... That might explain why he'd want to talk with you.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Maybe. But even if he knows who I am from the letter, I don't understand why he'd suddenly send a package directly to me.*
Narration: *If Sachi told him a little more than she should have, there's always the possibility he might be looking to give me a stern parental talking-to...*
Narration: *In any case, since I'm currently in need of detailed information regarding Sachi's past, this is a convenient coincidence.*
Principal: ...What do you think? I can give you his phone number if you're interested.
Yuuji: ...All right, yeah. I'll give him a call.
Yuuji: From the look of this number, he's not in the Tokyo area...
Narration: *Back in my own room, I look over the scrap of paper Chizuru handed me, cell phone in hand.*
Narration: *Whatever the contents of the envelope may be, it's clear that Sachi's uncle has something he wants to tell me.*
Yuuji: ...No reason to think too hard. I'll know once we talk.
Narration: *After one final attempt at persuading myself, I enter the number from Chizuru's note on my private cell phone.*
Yuuji: ......
???: ...Hello, this is Komine.
Narration: *When the call connects, I hear the voice of a seemingly mild-mannered middle-aged man on the other end of the line.*
Yuuji: Am I speaking with... Komine Akihiro-san?
Sachi's　Uncle: ...Yeah. I'm Akihiro, but... would this be Kazami Yuuji-kun, by any chance?
Yuuji: Yes. I apologize for not introducing myself...
Sachi's　Uncle: That's all right. Anybody would be a little wary when someone they've never met asks for a phone call.
Yuuji: I appreciate your understanding.
Sachi's　Uncle: So then... have you taken a look inside that envelope yet?
Yuuji: No... I thought it might be best to hear what you have to say first...
Sachi's　Uncle: Guess that makes sense. Okay then, could you open it now?
Yuuji: ...Certainly.
Narration: *As instructed, I rip open the thick envelope Principal Tachibana handed to me on the rooftop.*
Narration: *Inside, I find a single metal key, weathered with age.*
Yuuji: This would seem to be...
Sachi's　Uncle: You found a key inside, yes?
Yuuji: Yes, that's correct.
Sachi's　Uncle: That right there unlocks the workshop next to Sachi's old home.
Yuuji: The workshop...?
Sachi's　Uncle: Yeah. Thought I'd entrust that to you.
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: I understand what you're saying, sir... but why would you give this to me?
Sachi's　Uncle: Ah, right. Sorry. Guess I should have started from there...
Yuuji: I'd appreciate some clarification, yes.
Sachi's　Uncle: You see, Kazami-kun... I was more than a little shocked by a certain letter I received recently.
Yuuji: Shocked...?
Sachi's　Uncle: Yeah... The last time I talked with Sachi was just after that incident where she went missing...
Sachi's　Uncle: At the time, I ended our conversation by asking her to try and come back home over summer break if she had the chance.
Sachi's　Uncle: But the Obon Festival came and went, and we didn't hear so much as a word from Sachi.
Sachi's　Uncle: The missus and I were getting pretty worried there... We were just thinking about giving her a call from our end when that letter arrived.
Sachi's　Uncle: And when we actually opened it up and read it, we were just about bowled over.
Sachi's　Uncle: Her sentences were as bright and lively as they used to be way back when... She wrote all about her friends and the memories she made at that school of yours...
Sachi's　Uncle: And at the end of that letter, she wrote "In short, I'm very happy right now."
Yuuji: You don't say...
Sachi's　Uncle: That's not all. She also told us all about reuniting with a boy she used to play with as a child. About becoming his girlfriend. Clearly something she was quite happy about...
Sachi's　Uncle: Sachi wrote very passionately about just how amazing this young man was. That being you, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: I see, so that's how you learned about me...
Sachi's　Uncle: Yes.
Sachi's　Uncle: I think you're probably aware by now, but...
Sachi's　Uncle: The girl witnessed a terrible accident at a very young age. And ever since, she's been completely incapable of refusing the requests of others.
Sachi's　Uncle: And after a thorough evaluation, they told us that almost robotic obedience would make it extremely difficult for her to safely attend a normal school...
Sachi's　Uncle: We had no choice but to transfer her to Mihama Academy.
Yuuji: Yes...
Sachi's　Uncle: So given all that, I think you can imagine how much of a shock it was to receive a letter like that from her.
Yuuji: ......
Sachi's　Uncle: And if I'm not mistaken, the one who changed Sachi would be you, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: No. I only gave her the opportunity to realize something about herself...
Yuuji: If the Sachi you knew has "changed," Akihiro-san, it's entirely the result of her own efforts.
Sachi's　Uncle: I see...
Sachi's　Uncle: In that case, allow me to express my gratitude... Thank you, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: As I said, you really don't owe me any thanks.
Sachi's　Uncle: Hahaha. You're pretty humble for such a young man.
Yuuji: You're very kind, sir...
Sachi's　Uncle: Well then... as for the specific reason I sent you that key.
Sachi's　Uncle: The truth is, there's something we've never told Sachi.
Yuuji: Is that so...?
Sachi's　Uncle: Yeah...
Sachi's　Uncle: Were you aware the accident that traumatized Sachi occurred on her tenth birthday?
Yuuji: Yes. She's told me that much herself.
Sachi's　Uncle: Okay then, that makes this simpler. The key I sent you was found in her mother's pocket after the accident.
Yuuji: ...Did she have the key to their house as well?
Sachi's　Uncle: No. That was the only key found on either of them. Seems a little strange, don't you think?
Yuuji: I have to agree, yes...
Narration: *Typically, people keep their most frequently used keys together on a single ring.*
Narration: *And since her parents had left the house presumably planning to bring their daughter back home, grabbing the key to their workshop doesn't really make sense.*
Sachi's　Uncle: I paid a visit to my younger brother's house a week before his death... and I still remember what he said to me.
Sachi's　Uncle: "I'm going to have some news that'll make your jaw drop pretty soon, Akihiro."
Yuuji: Your jaw drop...?
Sachi's　Uncle: In the end, I never got to hear the details... but it seemed like he was up to something in the workshop.
Yuuji: Are you saying... you haven't entered the workshop yourself since the accident?
Sachi's　Uncle: ...That's right. I haven't so much as peeked inside.
Yuuji: Excuse my saying so, but why not?
Sachi's　Uncle: .........
Sachi's　Uncle: Has Sachi told you that her relationship with her parents wasn't going well?
Yuuji: Yes. From what she's told me, the family business was featured on television, things became very busy, and they stopped paying much attention to her...
Sachi's　Uncle: That's right. I was taken into my wife's family business years before, so it didn't have any real effect on me...
Sachi's　Uncle: But my little brother had always been the most talented sibling. Once he had a little publicity, it didn't take long for him to get absolutely flooded with orders.
Sachi's　Uncle: They were so desperately shorthanded over there that I actually ended up running over to help out quite a few times.
Yuuji: Is that so...?
Sachi's　Uncle: That said, I have a real hard time believing my brother would have neglected Sachi just because the business picked up.
Yuuji: ...Would you mind explaining?
Sachi's　Uncle: Well, he was the youngest of three brothers... Pampered by his parents and siblings alike.
Sachi's　Uncle: So he was always saying that any kid of his would be spoiled just as rotten...
Sachi's　Uncle: And in fact, he used to cancel jobs and delay orders constantly so he could spend time with that daughter of his.
Yuuji: Sounds like quite the doting parent...
Sachi's　Uncle: Yeah. Point being, I don't think he turned into a workaholic out of the blue. I'm guessing there was a reason he was slaving away like that.
Yuuji: A reason...?
Sachi's　Uncle: And what with that key in his wife's pocket on Sachi's birthday, I've got an inkling that the answer might be inside that workshop of his.
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: And you're saying Sachi doesn't...
Sachi's　Uncle: ...Yeah. She doesn't know that her parents might have been planning something, and she doesn't know about the key.
Sachi's　Uncle: That girl was completely convinced the accident happened because she wasn't enough of a "good girl," you see...
Sachi's　Uncle: Right after the accident, even talking about her parents was enough to make her sick to her stomach. That's how intense her sense of guilt was.
Sachi's　Uncle: The psychiatrist ended up advising us not to take her anywhere near her old home.
Yuuji: ......
Sachi's　Uncle: But if she can write a letter like that now, I thought she might just be ready to face up to the past again.
Yuuji: And therefore, you sent me this key.
Sachi's　Uncle: Yeah...
Sachi's　Uncle: Kazami-kun, you probably understand Sachi better than anyone else right now. If you decide it's necessary, I want you to use that key.
Yuuji: Are you... really comfortable leaving something this important to my judgment?
Sachi's　Uncle: Well, mainly just the intuition of a married man... but Sachi trusts you very much indeed.
Sachi's　Uncle: Reading that letter was enough to convince me of that.
Sachi's　Uncle: And that's why I think you're the only one who can make this decision.
Yuuji: ......
Sachi's　Uncle: I guess you might be a little stunned, getting all this thrown at you at once...
Sachi's　Uncle: But Sachi's very precious to us. We want very much for her to live the happiest life she possibly can.
Sachi's　Uncle: If you feel the same way, I want you to have that key.
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: All right. In that case, I'll accept it.
Sachi's　Uncle: ...Good to hear. Looks like I made the right call in sending it to you.
Yuuji: ...What makes you say that?
Sachi's　Uncle: Oh, just parental intuition.
Yuuji: If you say so.
Sachi's　Uncle: I feel a little bad about asking you for so many favors in our very first conversation...
Sachi's　Uncle: But the next time Sachi finds the opportunity to visit us, please come with her. The missus and I would be happy to have you in our home.
Yuuji: Of course. I'd be honored...
Sachi's　Uncle: Right. Okay then... thanks again, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: Yes. And thank you, sir.
Narration: *As our call comes to an end, I give a pointless little bow of the head to Sachi's uncle. Can't help but offer a little respect to a man who shows such sincere trust in a youngster he's never even met.*
Yuuji: Most likely, Sachi and her parents had their signals crossed... and everything should have been cleared up that very day.
Narration: *I'd vaguely suspected something of the sort, but Komine Akihiro's story has left me pretty firmly convinced.*
Narration: *From the sound of things, there's a decent chance that workshop holds the answer that will unravel Sachi's painful misunderstanding.*
Narration: *Assuming that these nightmares are connected to her sense of guilt about the past, I'll almost certainly need to take my chances and make use of this key.*
Yuuji: That said...
Yuuji: Right now, I don't think Sachi could accept what she'd find there.

Date: *September 18, 2011, 03:59 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *―My dreams are always the same. But not today.*
Narration: *Today, I dreamed of a girl in a small, dim room, weeping and wailing.*
Narration: *When I squinted my eyes against the darkness, I realized that the girl cowering on the floor was Sachi.*
Narration: *Sachi, but not the Sachi I know.*
Narration: *Her legs were locked in thick chains, binding her to a massive ball of iron. She couldn't stand. Couldn't even drag herself along the rough floor.*
Narration: *Even so, she struggled and squirmed, desperately trying to escape the heavy fetters biting into her flesh.*
Narration: *But no matter how hard she tried, the cold iron wouldn't yield. Every twist and turn only brought more anguish. In the end, she stopped trying.*
Narration: *...Sachi was sealed in that gloomy prison with no chance of escape, and I was powerless to help her.*
Narration: *I could only watch her, exhausted and hopeless, slowly wasting away.*
Narration: *Oddly enough, I'm freed from that despairing nightmare by the same thing that announced its arrival: the sound of Sachi screaming.*
???: Nooooooo!!
Yuuji: !?
Narration: *The ear-splitting shriek jolts me awake, adrenaline coursing through my veins.*
Sachi: What... is this...?
Sachi: Why... did this happen...?
Narration: *Twisting to my side, I immediately understand that the final scream was all too real.*
Sachi: Noo... No, no, no, no... Nooooo!!
Narration: *Sachi's curled up in a tight ball under the blanket, clutching at her arms as if to embrace herself. Her clenched teeth audibly chatter against each other.*
Yuuji: Hold on... this is...
Narration: *It doesn't take long for me to realize the abnormality of the situation.*
Narration: *Sachi admitted that she's been having nightmares lately, and I knew they were leaving her dispirited and exhausted.*
Narration: *As of yesterday, the situation didn't seem like an outright emergency. But these symptoms are all too clearly something else entirely.*
Narration: *She's experiencing pain and terror well beyond what a mere "bad dream" can offer.*
Narration: *Sachi's eyes are wide open, tears streaming relentlessly down her cheeks, a contorted grimace frozen on her face. It's the expression of a human being forcibly shown a gruesome memory they'd like nothing more than to forget.*
Sachi: Uuugh... I'm sorry... I'm sorry, I'm sorry...
Narration: *Even as these alarming thoughts run through my head, Sachi continues to grind out apologies like a broken wind-up toy.*
Yuuji: Damn...!
Narration: *I don't know exactly what she's seeing right now, or what triggered her to suddenly enter this state.*
Narration: *But whatever the answer to those questions may be, I can't allow this to continue even a second longer.*
Narration: *Seizing on that one firm conviction, I lift Sachi's body up off the bed.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Sachi! Wake up!
Sachi: Noo... Nooo...
Narration: *I shout her name at point-blank range, to no effect. She continues to mutter deliriously, staring right through me.*
Yuuji: Sachi, snap out of it! Sachi!!
Sachi: Ah, aah... ah...!
Narration: *Even when I shake her by the shoulder almost too vigorously, the light doesn't return to her clouded eyes.*
Yuuji: Goddamnit!
Narration: *What do I do...?*
Narration: *How do I make her hear my voice...?*
Yuuji: ...!
Sachi: !!
Narration: *In the end, only one thing comes to mind. Wrapping my arms around Sachi, I envelop her in a gentle hug.*
Yuuji: It's all right... It's all right...
Narration: *Keeping my voice as calm as possible, I whisper reassuring words in her ear.*
Narration: *Just like my master used to do for me...*
Narration: *Using the simple warmth of my body, more real than words can ever be, I speak directly to Sachi's heart.*
Sachi: Hah... haa... haa... hah...
Narration: *In time, Sachi's previously frantic breathing begins to slow, and the violent trembling of her body gradually subsides.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa... nnn...
Sachi: ...Y-Yuu...kun?
Narration: *Finally regaining her consciousness, Sachi looks up at me with the eyes of a disoriented child.*
Yuuji: You all right, Sachi...?
Sachi: ...All right...?
Yuuji: You were having a nightmare until just a second ago. A pretty terrible one.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Then I suppose... that dream really has come back...
Yuuji: ...That dream?
Sachi: No, it's nothing.
Sachi: It seems... I've made quite the spectacle of myself, haven't I, Yuu-kun? I doubt I'll ever live this down.
Narration: *When I try to prod the conversation forward, Sachi avoids the subject with a forced attempt at humor.*
Sachi: For the moment, I think I'll go wash my face...
Yuuji: ...Hold it, Sachi.
Narration: *I reach out and catch Sachi's arm as she tries to flee.*
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: What's torturing you like this?
Sachi: Torturing...? You're being rather dramatic. I just had another slightly scary dream, that's all...
Narration: *The girl's doing her best to put up a tough front, but she's still too visibly shaken for it to be halfway convincing.*
Yuuji: That's a lie.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: The way you were screaming just now? That wasn't just a bad dream.
Yuuji: I'm thinking it was a PTSD attack. You going to tell me I'm wrong?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: It seems... I can't hide anything from Yuu-kun after all...
Narration: *Mumbling resigned words in a wry tone of voice, Sachi turns back to face me, then slowly lowers herself to a sitting position on my bed.*
Yuuji: In other words, I was on the money...
Sachi: Yes. My primary symptoms are vivid flashbacks of the traumatic moment, technically known as "involuntary recurrent memories."
Sachi: Or so the doctor told me after my first examination...
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *This is one of those times where being right isn't particularly pleasant.*
Narration: *I'd been so damn pleased with myself for "saving" Sachi. Self-centered as it may be, this feels like some cosmic slap to the face. Like someone's telling me "You haven't saved anyone yet."*
Narration: *There's a sharp, bitter stab of pain somewhere deep in my chest.*
Sachi: I'm sorry... I lied to you, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: No, you don't need to apologize for that.
Narration: *I understand that she couldn't bring herself to volunteer the truth out of concern for me.*
Narration: *To criticize her for that, you'd have to be an oblivious asshole or a genuine sadist.*
Yuuji: But I do want to know what's making you suffer like this.
Sachi: It's...
Narration: *Stopping in mid-sentence, Sachi lightly bites her lower lip.*
Narration: *From the expression on her face, just thinking about it must be enough to send some painful images flashing through her head.*
Sachi: Yuu-kun... you know about the accident that occurred on my birthday, yes?
Yuuji: I know what they wrote on the reports, at least. Not much more.
Yuuji: From what I read, a drunk driver ran a red light on the road outside the park where the two of us used to play, hitting your parents at full speed.
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: Dad was struck head-on and died instantly. And Mom...
Yuuji: Survived, but fell into a persistent vegetative state. She's still hospitalized to this day.
Sachi: Yes. You're quite correct...
Yuuji: Are you telling me you've been reliving the precise moment you witnessed that accident over and over?
Sachi: I... believe so, yes...
Sachi: The disgusting smell of burning rubber... the sound of the engine idling indefinitely... All the sensations return to me with perfect, vivid clarity...
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: But what I'm truly afraid of... is a single word.
Yuuji: ...A word?
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: My mother was still conscious immediately after that truck hit her.
Sachi: Her body could no longer move properly, but by sheer force of will she crawled her way forward, raising her face from the pavement...
Sachi: And as I stood there, utterly frozen with fear, Mom spoke to me...
Sachi: "Sachi... why...?"
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Those words shocked me to the core...
Sachi: ...Why didn't you stay at home with us?
Sachi: ...Why weren't you a truly good girl?
Sachi: Now look what you've done. It's all your fault we ended up like this, you know?
Sachi: It felt as though... that was what she meant to say.
Sachi: And so... after I woke up in my hospital bed...
Sachi: When they told me my mother was still alive, the first thing I felt was fear.
Sachi: I should have been relieved... overjoyed... But instead...
Sachi: I was so afraid... that if Mom woke up, she'd finish that sentence... with hateful, bitter words...
Sachi: It scared me so much... that even after leaving the hospital, I never found the courage to so much as pay her a visit...
Sachi: All I could think of... was becoming a girl Mom and Dad wouldn't hate... as much of a good girl as I could possibly be...
Narration: *I don't think Sachi's ever shared these feelings with anyone else.*
Narration: *In parallel to this cascade of raw, honest emotion, a constant stream of tears flows down her cheeks.*
Sachi: So I... I...
Yuuji: That's enough...
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *As words finally fail her, I embrace her trembling body.*
Yuuji: I'm sorry for making you talk about something you didn't want to remember...
Sachi: No... I'm the one who should be apologizing.
Sachi: But...
Sachi: Please... let me stay like this just a little longer...
Sachi: ...Thank you. I'm all right now.
Narration: *A little after the sun begins to peek above the horizon, Sachi lifts her face from my chest and smiles at me.*
Yuuji: You're not lying this time, are you?
Sachi: No, I'm not. Thanks to you, I've managed to recharge my emotional batteries.
Yuuji: ...All right.
Narration: *Determining that her smile isn't artificially plastered on her face, I slowly release Sachi's body.*
Sachi: I must say, it always makes me very happy when you pet me on the head, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: But every time you embrace me, I fall a little more in love with you...
Yuuji: ...This blatant attempt at flattery isn't going to earn you any head petting.
Sachi: While that's extremely regrettable, I wish to state for the record that my statement was no mere flattery. It's the absolute, unvarnished truth.
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *Feeling the warmth of the person you love is a comfortable, calming thing. Enough to make you want to forget all the rest.*
Narration: *...That said, I can't just let the discussion from before drop.*
Narration: *I hesitate awkwardly, unsure how to proceed; but after a moment of silence, Sachi resolves my dilemma by speaking first.*
Sachi: ...That dream must be my punishment.
Yuuji: ...Punishment?
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: As I mentioned the other day, Mom and Dad had been cold to me ever since their work grew busy...
Sachi: But on the day of that accident, they were so affectionate it was as if none of that had ever happened.
Yuuji: Affectionate, huh...?
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: When I woke up that morning, I noticed that I couldn't hear the machines running in the workshop next door like they always were.
Sachi: Curious, I poked my head into the living room. Mom and Dad were sitting side by side at the table, waiting for me.
Sachi: They told me that they wanted to celebrate my birthday together, just as we used to.
Sachi: For a moment, I was simply dumbfounded... Why were the two of them being so nice to me all of a sudden? Was this a dream, perhaps...?
Sachi: But soon enough, I realized it had to be reality.
Sachi: And at that point, I grew very angry.
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Why now? They'd ignored me for so long, no matter how hard I tried.
Sachi: Did they really think showing a little affection on my birthday would make up for that?
Sachi: Such thoughts quickly filled my head, and I burst out of the house.
Sachi: And I ran until I reached the park where I'd promised to wait for you, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: As the day grew into evening and I didn't return, my parents must have grown worried. They came looking for me, and so...
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *That explains how Sachi convinced herself the accident was her fault.*
Sachi: No matter how deeply I regret my actions, no matter how hard I try to be a good girl...
Sachi: I can never undo what happened on that day. The reality of that accident won't just disappear.
Sachi: Nor the fact that my own unspeakable childishness made it happen...
Sachi: Had I simply listened to my parents that morning, that tragedy couldn't possibly have taken place.
Sachi: Therefore, Mom and Dad must surely bear a grudge against me as the cause of their awful misfortune...
Sachi: So long as some part of me feels that way, I believe I'll keep on seeing these dreams.
Narration: *And from the sound of things, she's still blaming herself even now. The tone of her voice is almost resigned, as if accepting her responsibility.*
Narration: *But that doesn't mean she's come to terms with what happened; she's simply despaired of ever finding forgiveness.*
Narration: *The proof is written on her face. Even as Sachi speaks calmly of the past, her expression is filled with bitter regret.*
Yuuji: ...All right. I understand where this is coming from.
Yuuji: But there's still one thing I don't get. Up until just recently, I'm pretty sure you weren't having daily nightmares, let alone traumatic flashbacks.
Yuuji: What happened? Do you have any idea why they've gotten so bad?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Most likely, it's because I've found happiness.
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: I was only truly tormented by the flashbacks for a brief period immediately following the accident...
Sachi: After I decided to redeem myself by becoming the good girl my parents deserved, the frequency of my nightmares decreased steadily over time.
Sachi: But then I was reunited with you in this school...
Sachi: Thanks to you, I realized my mistake. I rediscovered the simple joy of spending time with people I care for...
Sachi: And once again... I started to see the nightmares...
Sachi: In that case, perhaps Mom and Dad are simply angry at me.
Yuuji: In other words, you're saying...
Yuuji: Your parents don't want you to be happy?
Sachi: Of course, this may be nothing more than an arbitrary delusion of mine...
Sachi: But... after they suffered so much, why should I alone be smiling...?
Sachi: I destroyed my own family's happiness through sheer selfishness... Do I really deserve to be happy...?
Sachi: They're telling me... not to forget that day...
Sachi: Or so... it feels to me...
Yuuji: ...All right. I understand.
Narration: *"I committed the sin of disobedience."*
Narration: *"My selfishness led directly to that accident. Of course my parents would resent my happiness."*
Narration: *Her father's dead, her mother still asleep in a hospital bed; they can neither confirm nor deny that belief, let alone offer Sachi their forgiveness.*
Narration: *With no possibility of resolution, your sense of "sin" swells grotesquely inside you like an ugly black tumor.*
Narration: *...I really do understand.*
Narration: *The circumstances were very different, but I carry similar feelings about the deaths of my own parents.*
Narration: *Unless you know a way to turn back time, the debts you owe the dead can never truly be repaid. They can never accept your apologies or excuses.*
Narration: *Sachi too realized that harsh truth. Desperate to escape the torture of her flashbacks, she reduced herself to a shell of a human being; numbing her own feelings, she overwrote her identity with that of the "good girl."*
Narration: *And it worked. The nightmares left her.*
Narration: *But thanks to my meddling, Sachi's returned to "normality." Once again, she's defenseless against her dreams.*
Narration: *...It makes sense.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *There are two specific elements that contribute to these awful nightmares...*
Narration: *First, Sachi never had the chance to hear her parents' explanation for their cold behavior; and second, she continues to believe, on some half-rational level, that the accident was her fault.*
Narration: *Her guilt and fear of her parents' hatred feed off her own happiness.*
Narration: *...In other words, if she wants to stop seeing these nightmares, she has to stop being happy.*
Narration: *Sachi seems to have half-convinced herself that suffering like this is just the price she has to pay, but I'm not enough of a masochist to accept that.*
Narration: *I'm not about to put up with the girl I love being miserable.*
Narration: *No, forget "not miserable." If at all possible, I want her to be happiest person in the damn world. I think that's only natural.*
Narration: *And precisely because I carry a burden similar to hers, I might be able to teach her a thing or two.*
Narration: *...Our burdens may be similar, but we're carrying them very differently.*
Narration: *There's no reason to let your sin chain you to the ground. There's no need to lock yourself up in a dark room forever. It doesn't do anyone any damn good.*
Narration: *And most of all...*
Narration: *―If I'm not mistaken, Sachi has an obligation to become happier than anyone else.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi, are you really all right with that?
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: Are you really satisfied with this? Tortured by nightmares, living every day in terror of your mother's words?
Sachi: Well, I...
Narration: *Caught off-guard by my challenge to the status quo, Sachi casts her eyes down in bewilderment.*
Narration: *She can't find the words, but the answer's written on her face: "Of course I don't want to see the nightmares, but there's nothing I can do."*
Yuuji: Personally, I don't think there's any reason you need to be tied down by the past any longer.
Sachi: Tied down... by the past?
Yuuji: That's right...
Yuuji: Keeping that in mind, I'm going to tell you a way to get rid of those nightmares that're giving you so much trouble.
Sachi: !?
Yuuji: What you do with that knowledge is up to you.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: What, you don't believe what I'm telling you?
Sachi: Y-Yes...
Sachi: It was surprising enough to hear you suggest I'm allowed to just leave the past behind...
Sachi: But a method of ending these nightmares... That's just...
Yuuji: Guess it might be hard for you to believe, having lived with that guilt for so long.
Yuuji: That said, I really don't think you need to drag it around anymore. And I'm not lying about knowing a way out.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Then... there really is a way...?
Yuuji: That's right...
Yuuji: There's only one thing for you to do about these nightmares.
Yuuji: ...Kill the source.

Date: *September 23, 2011, 14:26 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *To end my persistent nightmares, I need only "kill the source."*
Narration: *Five days after Yuu-kun spoke those words to me, I've arrived in the town where I spent the earliest years of my life.*
Narration: *I'm here to pay a visit to my mother, sleeping even now in the local hospital.*
Narration: *...In this, as in so many other things, I was guided by Yuu-kun's advice.*
Yuuji: There's only one thing for you to do about these nightmares.
Yuuji: ...Kill the source.
Sachi: ...Kill...?
Yuuji: That's right.
Yuuji: Your sin won't be forgiven. It's just not possible. So if you want to free yourself from this guilt, you've got no choice but to eliminate its source.
Sachi: !?
Sachi: The source of my guilt... Are you telling me to kill my own―
Yuuji: That's up to you.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: I'm telling you to kill. That's it. You've got plenty of options, and there's more than one answer here.
Yuuji: I can't make that decision for you. You have to do this yourself.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Presented with this new problem, I began with a serious consideration of the word "kill."*
Narration: *Interpreting it literally, he was telling me to deprive someone of their life. To cause death.*
Narration: *From there, I could find only two plausible answers.*
Narration: *The first, as had immediately occurred to me, was to kill my mother.*
Narration: *The second was to kill myself. To end my own life.*
Narration: *But even now, I'm not confident that I correctly identified the options of which Yuu-kun spoke.*
Narration: *True, killing my mother might put an end to my fear of her final question.*
Narration: *And if I die, I'll no longer even be capable of suffering or feeling guilt.*
Narration: *But fundamentally, I can't help feeling that the act of "killing" itself is a very extreme way of approaching these problems.*
Narration: *Killing my mother would make me a criminal. And killing myself would mean leaving this world behind.*
Narration: *In either case, of course, I could no longer be with Yuu-kun.*
Narration: *If these were the answers he wanted me to find, was Yuu-kun lying when he said that he loved me?*
Narration: *My thoughts ran in circles; before I knew it, five days had flown by, and I was no closer to an answer. In the end, Yuu-kun was unable to hold his silence...*
Yuuji: No matter what decision you're going to make, you should see your mother first.
Yuuji: I think you're capable of that now, Sachi.
Narration: *...It's only been a few hours since he spoke those words.*
Sachi: See my mother...
Narration: *The moment I heard his proposal, my heart thudded heavily in my breast.*
Narration: *Since the day of the accident, my mother has never spoken, never opened her eyes...*
Narration: *She's been reduced to a living symbol of my indelible sin.*
Narration: *And if Mom really does resent me, she might not even want to see my face.*
Narration: *These very thoughts have kept me from visiting her for many years now.*
Narration: *...Not to say that the "visits" I paid her in those first weeks were worthy of the name. Since that horrible day, I've never once managed to spend any real time with her.*
Narration: *Perhaps Uncle Akihiro understood how I felt. He didn't challenge me on the matter, or even encourage me to make the trip.*
Narration: *In that case, there was no real reason for me to visit that hospital. Or so I allowed myself to believe.*
Sachi: But...
Narration: *In truth, I've just been making selfish excuses. I was running away from my own mother.*
Narration: *That neglect is proof enough that I never really overcame my guilt toward her; I was simply hiding from it.*
Narration: *As long as I permit myself that cowardice, it may well be impossible to find a meaningful answer to my current dilemma.*
Narration: *And so, I resolved to face up to what I had refused to acknowledge for so long.*
Sachi: That said... do I have no choice but "to kill?" What could he have meant...?
Narration: *Of course, speaking the question out loud doesn't get me any closer to an answer.*
Narration: *Yuu-kun's always three or four steps ahead of me, thinking on a far higher level.*
Narration: *This puzzle must have meaning. And I want very badly to reach the answer he found.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *But even so...*
Narration: *I must admit, I find myself disturbed. Merely speaking the word "kill" leaves a bitter aftertaste on my tongue and a sharp ache in my stomach.*
Sachi: But I can't just give up now...
Sachi: I haven't even... managed to see Mom yet...
Sachi: Excuse me, I'd like to visit a patient.
Nurse: Yes. First of all, can I have your name and address here, please?
Narration: *After filling out some paperwork at the nurse station, I'm provided with directions to my mother's sickbed.*
Narration: *The procedure hasn't changed. Neither has Mom's hospital room.*
Narration: *...Everything is exactly the same as it was on that day.*
Narration: *At one point, a nurse I recognize from my time here calls out to me: "Is that you, Sacchan? Will you be all right alone, dear?"*
Narration: *I answer with a polite "Yes, I'll be fine," and proceed down the hallway without breaking my stride.*
Sachi: ...!
Narration: *But when I finally arrive in front of my mother's hospital room, my breath catches in my throat.*
Narration: *And with that as a signal, my previously functional legs abruptly turn to clumsy, leaden stumps; my head begins to throb violently.*
Sachi: Haah! Haah... haah... haa...
Narration: *"It's been many years now. Maybe it won't hurt like it did back then."*
Narration: *I was a fool to believe such nonsense for even a moment.*
Narration: *My body knows that "something painful" waits behind that door, and it's not shy about registering its objections.*
Narration: *Mom's anguished, bloodied face flashes unbidden before my eyes. Before I know it, I've begun to hyperventilate.*
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa... guh!
Narration: *Gradually, even standing grows perilously difficult, and I find myself leaning heavily against the corridor wall.*
Nurse: Hold on, Sacchan!? Are you okay!?
Sachi: Y-Yes... I'm all right... so please...
Nurse: ......
Nurse: All right. But if it gets to be too much, call for someone right away, okay?
Sachi: Thank you... very much...
Narration: *Apparently sensing something of the desperation I feel from the expression on my face, the nurse kindly withdraws.*
Narration: *To tell the truth, I don't even remember what I said to her just now.*
Narration: *Just keeping myself conscious is taking every ounce of effort I can muster.*
Sachi: Kuh...
Sachi: It's all right... It's all right...
Narration: *Trying very hard to convince myself of that, I forcefully throw open the door of the room, letting the momentum carry me stumbling inside.*
Sachi: ...!
Narration: *Instantly, my eyes find my mother's face, peeking out from above the sterile white sheet covering her lower body.*
Narration: *But the person sleeping in that bed is utterly unlike the "Mom" who remains so clearly in my memories.*
Narration: *Her cheeks are thin to the point of emaciation; the color of her skin is as pale and waxy as that of a corpse.*
Sachi: !?
Narration: *And yet, seeing her transformed like this brings back, with astonishing clarity, the awful moment when I was first guided into the Intensive Care Unit. The first time I saw what had become of her.*
Narration: *She lay there in a nest of unfamiliar machines...*
Narration: *A huge oxygen mask covered her mouth. Her body was pierced with IV needles. Medical tubing connected her to strange electronic equipment. And even as the machines hissed and clicked around her, my mother simply lay there, so still it seemed she'd been transformed to stone.*
Narration: *When I saw her there...*
Narration: *I remember feeling the same way I do now.*
Narration: *"She isn't the Mom I knew anymore. And she never will be again."*
Sachi: Uugh...
Sachi: Uaagggh!!
Sachi: Ah... aah... aah...
Narration: *The words echo forcefully through my head, as though someone's drilled a hole in my skull and whispered them directly into my brain. Cold sweat seeps from my forehead; my stomach begins to contract spasmodically with an ominous creaking growl.*
Sachi: ...Haa! ...Haa! ...Haa!
Narration: *There's a familiar sensation of warmth draining steadily from my body. It's the same chill that usually accompanies the onset of my flashbacks.*
Narration: *Tears roll in neat lines down my face, so cold I expect them to freeze against my cheeks.*
Sachi: Uu, uuh... hah, haah!
Narration: *It's fortunate that I didn't eat anything before this trip.*
Narration: *Had I chosen to stop for lunch, I'd likely be vomiting it up right about now.*
Narration: *That was the usual conclusion to my visits, in the old days. I would empty my stomach, a nurse would come running up, and that would be that.*
Narration: *...But today is different.*
Narration: *Today, no one ushered me in here. I came here of my own free will, resolved to face this.*
Narration: *Yuu-kun told me I should see my mother.*
Narration: *That advice was an implicit affirmation of his trust in me. He believes I'm capable of this visit.*
Narration: *I can't give up now. It's simply not an option.*
Narration: *I've come this far to put an end to my nightmares. I won't allow myself to turn back.*
Sachi: ...Kuh!!
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *Clinging with all the stubborn determination I can muster to that simple decision, I somehow manage to hold myself together through the worst of it...*
Narration: *And eventually, through an enormous effort of will, I'm able to shakily lower myself into the folding chair that sits at the side of the bed.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *How many hours have passed since I collapsed into this chair?*
Narration: *It feels like only moments ago, but the sun's already sinking low in the sky; the unlighted room's illuminated by a warm orange glow from the window behind me.*
Narration: *Now that I think more carefully, it must have taken nearly an entire hour to calm myself to the point where I could gaze at Mom's face like this.*
Narration: *But it's been many hours since then, and I've gone no further. No words, no movement. I've spent the afternoon glued to this chair like a statue.*
Narration: *I'm finally able to visit my mother... I can finally look her in the face again.*
Narration: *There should be so many things to say... so many things to tell her, to ask her...*
Narration: *But now that I'm actually gazing down on her lined, impassive face, the words have betrayed me. They've melted into thin air, leaving no trace by which I might find them.*
Sachi: ...Mom...my...
Mom: ......
Narration: *At long last, I'm able to speak a single word.*
Narration: *Is it a greeting, or a half-spoken question? I'm not sure myself. There is, of course, no response.*
Narration: *Mom's in a deep coma because of the traumatic damage her brain sustained in that traffic accident. She hasn't answered a question, or even spoken a word, in many years now.*
Narration: *My mother's doctor once said that the odds of her ever regaining consciousness were lower than my chances of hitting the jackpot in a national lottery.*
Narration: *In other words, barring a miracle, she'll live out the rest of her days like this.*
Narration: *This is her life now - incapable of movement, let alone feeding herself. Kept alive on the whims of others like a potted plant. This is the life I gave to my own mother.*
Sachi: Uugh...
Narration: *With that thought, the nausea that had subsided earlier swells up in me once more.*
Sachi: Hah! Haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *The suffering comes to me in unpredictable waves, with all the random malevolence of a curse. Weary and numb, I observe my own pain with a curious sense of detachment; and I reach my first real conclusion of the day.*
Sachi: I see...
Sachi: This must have been what... Yuu-kun wanted me to understand...
Narration: *By visiting my mother for the first time in many years...*
Narration: *By directly facing my guilt in its most raw and undiluted form, he wanted to make me realize this.*
Narration: *That so long as I live, I'll never simply be released from this suffering.*
Narration: *My father's dead. My mother's sleeping, and she's never going to wake up.*
Narration: *That's reality. This status quo isn't going to abruptly change for the better.*
Narration: *All my guilt, all my attempts at atonement - no matter how sincere, they can never overturn what's come to pass.*
Narration: *Perhaps Yuu-kun simply wanted me to recognize anew how truly crushing the weight of my sin really is.*
Sachi: On that day...
Sachi: The person I was must have died with them.
Narration: *The answer isn't so complicated after all.*
Narration: *Mom's the fountain of this guilt, and I'm the vessel that willingly accepts it. We're mutual culprits in these nightmares.*
Narration: *So long as the two of us continue to cooperate, my suffering will go on indefinitely.*
Narration: *In that case, I...*

Sachi: I guess I have to... kill Mom...
Narration: *Mom's the source of my suffering.*
Narration: *After leaving me that terrifying final question, she's spent years in constant sleep, little more than a living reminder of that tragedy...*
Narration: *At the very least, her death would put an end to the pain even now racking my body. An end to my fear of her words.*
Narration: *And if I want to be liberated from my nightmares, this may be the only means remaining to me.*
Narration: *I'm a weak person.*
Narration: *I doubt there's a more selfish coward anywhere on the face of the earth.*
Narration: *In order to protect myself from my unendurable guilt, I lied to myself for many years. I made the world simple and tried to erase who I was.*
Narration: *...But I can't tell myself that lie anymore.*
Narration: *I can't betray Yuu-kun, who went so very far to make me realize my mistake.*
Narration: *In that case, I've got no choice but to find a new way to run from the past.*
Narration: *...Namely, killing my mother.*
Narration: *Maybe Mom's suffering in her own right, being kept alive in such a miserable state.*
Narration: *Maybe she'd be happier going up to heaven, where Dad's waiting for her. Where she'll never have to see my face again.*
Sachi: ...!
Narration: *As soon as the idea crosses my mind, nauseatingly convenient excuses pop up one after the other.*
Narration: *...I'm a terrible daughter.*
Narration: *Even after all the suffering my selfishness caused my parents, all I'm thinking about is how to make life easier for myself.*
Narration: *Is there even blood running through my veins?*
Narration: *Perhaps it would actually be for the best if I was branded a criminal and sent off to jail.*
Narration: *Yes, a real "prison," where I could spend my entire life atoning for my crimes. Whatever people may say, I'm afraid Mihama Academy's hardly suitable for the purpose.*
Sachi: I mean...
Narration: *The days I spent there were very special to me.*
Narration: *Michiru-sama, Maki-chan, Amane-san, Sakaki-san, and Principal Tachibana...*
Narration: *Everyone I met there was a truly kind-hearted person. And above all else, it was the place where I reunited with Yuu-kun.*
Narration: *The place where he made me his girlfriend; where he told me that he loved me.*
Narration: *It was all far more than I deserved.*
Narration: *This will put an end to all that. To my unfair, unwarranted happiness.*
Narration: *Therefore...*
Narration: *Therefore...*
Sachi: ...I'm sorry, Mom.
Narration: *With the same words I always cry when escaping from my nightmares, I reach out and put my hands on my mother's neck.*
Sachi: !?
Mom: Hey, Sachi. What do you feel like eating tonight?
Mom: Heheheh. You really are spoiled rotten, Sachi...
Mom: A perfect score? Amazing, Sachi! I'm so proud of you!
Sachi: ......
Sachi: I... can't...
Sachi: I can't possibly do such a thing!
Sachi: I loved her! I loved Mom so much!!
Sachi: I loved her kindness and warmth, her wonderful smile...
Sachi: I loved our home, always filled with happiness and laughter!!
Sachi: So no matter how much Mom and Dad may have come to hate me...
Sachi: No matter how bitterly they resent me...
Sachi: I can't resent them! I could never, ever hate them!!
Sachi: Therefore...
Sachi: I can't kill Mom with my own hands... I just can't... no matter what...
Narration: *As I speak, Mom's face flashes before my eyes again and again.*
Narration: *Her slightly embarrassed smile when someone said dinner was delicious.*
Narration: *That proud grin when I told her about winning an art contest at school.*
Narration: *The excited, happy expression she always had when talking about work with Dad.*
Narration: *And many more, far too many to count, all as clear as day: the faces of the person I loved more than anyone else in the world.*
Sachi: ...Why?
Narration: *And oddly enough, the next word to leave my mouth is the same one that's been tormenting me all this time.*
Sachi: ...Why, Mom?
Narration: *Once the floodgates open, the words don't stop. One after the other, the feelings I've kept locked inside flow uncontrollably out of my mouth.*
Sachi: Why... did you suddenly grow so cold?
Sachi: Why... did you start spending all your time at work?
Sachi: Why didn't you just come out and tell me that you hated me?
Sachi: If you'd at least told me, maybe I could have done something about it...
Sachi: And after all that... why were you so nice to me that one final morning?
Sachi: That accident never would have happened if things had been the same as always...
Sachi: Right...?
Sachi: So why... were you different on that day and that day alone?
Sachi: Answer me, Mom...
Sachi: Please, Mom!!
Mom: ......
Narration: *I call out to my mother again and again, but no response is forthcoming. Her sleep is undisturbed.*
Narration: *That's the nature of a persistent vegetative state. This is reality. I'll never hear her answer.*
Narration: *I suppose I'm going to have to accept that. Accept it, and find a way to carry on.*
Narration: *―If I can't run away, I have to move forward.*
Sachi: But... I'm so afraid...
Sachi: Afraid that you might finish that question in tonight's dream...
Sachi: That the next words out of your mouth would be full of blame and hate...
Sachi: That's why I came here with the intent of putting an end to those nightmares...
Sachi: But in the end... I couldn't do a thing...
Sachi: I can't kill the source of my guilt... I'm not capable of it...
Sachi: Even though I haven't visited Mom once since that accident...
Sachi: Even though she's always grimacing with hatred in my dreams...
Sachi: When I'm actually by her side, all I can see is her smiling face...
Sachi: Her smile, bursting with happiness... The smile I loved so much...
Sachi: There's just no way... I can kill her...
Sachi: Therefore...
Sachi: I'm sorry, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: ...For what?
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: You've got nothing to apologize for, Sachi. You did fine.
Narration: *As Sachi kneels on the linoleum floor, I move quietly to stand at her side.*
Sachi: ...Y-Yuu... kun?
Yuuji: I don't know much about your parents...
Yuuji: But I think I have a pretty good idea of just how much you cared about them.
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: When we talked in the park back then, you were always telling me stories about your mom and dad...
Yuuji: Even after we reunited in Mihama, you brought up your parents many times. More than you realize, I think.
Yuuji: You loved them very much, and you still do. That much was obvious.
Yuuji: And that's the exact reason why you've been so afraid, why you've suffered so much...
Yuuji: That's exactly why you've never been able to shake your guilt over "causing" that accident.
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: It's the same with the final words your mother left you...
Yuuji: You're tortured most of all by the thought that she might have hated you. That your parents might have resented you for what happened to them.
Yuuji: So in the end, what you really want is to know your parents' feelings. Am I wrong?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: You may... be right.
Yuuji: In that case, why not find out?
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: Find out exactly what your beloved parents really thought of you. With your own eyes.
Sachi: That's... ridiculous... How could I possibly...?
Sachi: I mean, Dad's been gone for years... and Mom's never going to wake up again...
Sachi: It doesn't matter how loudly I shout... my voice can no longer... reach them...
Sachi: Under such circumstances, there's no way I could learn their feelings...
Yuuji: What if I told you it's possible?
Sachi: Wha...
Sachi: I don't believe it... Even for you, Yuu-kun, there's no...
Yuuji: Have I ever lied to you before, Sachi?
Sachi: W-Well...
Yuuji: Here's the thing: I don't know what you're going to find. For all I know, you might end up learning something you'll wish you hadn't.
Yuuji: You might end up going through life bearing an even heavier burden than before...
Yuuji: Are you prepared to take that risk and learn the truth?
Sachi: ......
Sachi: I... I...
Narration: *Sachi squeezes her eyelids shut, breaking off in mid-sentence. For a long moment, she contemplates the question.*
Narration: *And when they snap open again, the anxiety and uncertainty in her eyes has been replaced with firm determination.*
Sachi: I want to know how Mom and Dad felt.
Sachi: Visiting Mom like this has given me that resolve.
Sachi: No matter what the final outcome may be, I'm prepared to accept everything.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *I could never manage to do the same myself...*
Narration: *You really are a hell of a lot tougher than you look, Sachi.*
Yuuji: Take my hand, then.
Sachi: Wha...?
Yuuji: I'll show you what you really need to kill.
Sachi: What I really need to kill...?
Yuuji: That's right.
Yuuji: And no matter what answer you find in the place we're going next, I'll be your ally.
Yuuji: You said you believe in me? Well, the feeling's mutual.
Yuuji: I know you can do this. And if you find an answer that's too painful for one person to bear, I'll share the burden with you.
Yuuji: I'll be there. That's not changing, no matter what.
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: All right, I'm done. Want to go destroy the culprit behind your nightmares?
Sachi: ...Yes!
Narration: *Leaving the hospital behind, I set off toward the residential district, Sachi at my side.*
Sachi: Uhm... Yuu-kun, where exactly are you headed...?
Yuuji: That's a surprise. You'll find out when we get there.
Sachi: Is that... so...?
Narration: *I intentionally give Sachi a pretty pompous non-answer, but she doesn't take the bait.*
Narration: *She's probably too concerned with the whereabouts of the "truth" I promised her to play along like she usually would.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *In an attempt to slightly ease Sachi's anxiety, I reach out and take her hand in mine.*
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: This help a little?
Sachi: Yes... Thank you very much...
Narration: *I can help Sachi see her mistakes. I can offer her reassurance and affection.*
Narration: *But if she's going to be "saved" outright, that's not enough. Her parents need to step in.*
Narration: *As for how they really felt about her...*
Narration: *Even Sachi, who spent many years with them, doesn't know. So maybe this is a little presumptuous of me...*
Narration: *But personally, I don't think any parents loved this much by their daughter could possibly hate her in return.*
Sachi: Ah...
Sachi: So you really were taking me... to my home.
Narration: *As I come to a halt before the small house, Sachi finally allows herself to state the obvious.*
Yuuji: To be more exact, we're heading to the workshop next door.
Sachi: The workshop...? I don't believe there's anything but machinery for manufacturing metal dies in there...
Yuuji: That a fact...?
Narration: *All I've heard from Sachi's uncle is that her parents seemed to be "up to something" in the workshop a little before her birthday.*
Narration: *But hidden in those words lies the answer Sachi's seeking. I'm pretty firmly convinced of that.*
Sachi: "That a fact...?" I don't understand. Why the workshop, of all places?
Yuuji: Sachi...
Narration: *Her mother's final question - "Why...?"*
Narration: *Now that the woman's in a coma, we'll probably never know for sure how she intended to finish that sentence.*
Narration: *But if a parent who'd been planning something for her daughter's birthday wanted to say one thing at the end...*
Narration: *I think it might have been something like this.*
Yuuji: ...Why the long face? We've got a surprise for you.
Sachi: ...!
Yuuji: The answer you've been seeking should be waiting in here.
Sachi: The answer... I've been seeking...
Yuuji: If you're ready to face it, open this door.
Narration: *With those words, I take the aged metal key out of my pocket and unlock the workshop.*
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: It's your decision whether to take that step. You can lock this door and walk away.
Yuuji: And no matter what you choose, my feelings aren't going to change.
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: So don't worry about me or anyone else.
Yuuji: One way or another, you need to put an end to this with your own two hands.
Sachi: ...Yes.
Narration: *Nodding with a serious expression on her face, Sachi slowly closes her eyes.*
Narration: *There's probably a whole torrent of conflicted feelings swirling around in her head right now.*
Narration: *Terror that she'll discover proof her parents resented her...*
Narration: *Hope that she'll learn the opposite was true...*
Narration: *I can almost see the tug-of-war between those powerful emotions shaking this small girl's heart.*
Narration: *Even so, Sachi's capable of accepting the truth now. Whatever it may be.*
Narration: *―I absolutely believe that.*
Sachi: ...I've made my decision. I'm going to open this door.
Narration: *With that declaration, Sachi opens her eyes and stares firmly at the entrance to the workshop.*
Yuuji: ...You sure about that?
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: It's rather odd... I'm quite firmly decided, but my body won't stop shaking...
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: But I'm not going to run away again...
Sachi: So please... would you be so kind as to lend me a little strength?
Yuuji: ...Yeah.
Narration: *As Sachi's hand trembles against the cold iron, I reach out and overlap it with mine.*
Narration: *We take two long, simultaneous breaths, then push open the heavy door.*
Sachi: !?
Sachi: What... is this...?
Narration: *Her voice full of surprise, Sachi slowly advances inside. With every step, her eyes grow wider, full of confusion at the scene before her eyes.*
Sachi: All of those machines are... just gone...
Sachi: And... this is...
Narration: *The workshop's not entirely empty. One wall is covered with dusty party decorations.*
Narration: *A carefully arranged flock of photographs and certificates crowd the space, contrasting strongly with the dull grey wall behind.*
Sachi: Happy birthday... Sachi...
Narration: *Most eye-catching of all is the large, hand-lettered banner above; Sachi slowly reads the words aloud.*
Yuuji: ...September 23rd. Today's your birthday, right?
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: From what I hear, you haven't been to this place even once since the day of that accident.
Sachi: W-Why... do you know that...?
Yuuji: Truth is, after you wrote that letter mentioning me, I had the chance to talk with your uncle over the phone...
Yuuji: I asked about your parents' "disinterest," and he told me about this place.
Yuuji: He didn't know the details, but it seemed as though your parents had been up to something here in the weeks before your birthday...
Yuuji: He also told me that you had no idea about any of this.
Sachi: So that's... how you knew to bring me here...
Yuuji: To be honest, I was tempted to drag you over right away. But I knew that wasn't going to cut it.
Yuuji: As long as you kept hiding from your mother, the person you'd transformed into a symbol of your guilt, you couldn't possibly face up to the past in any meaningful way.
Yuuji: Unless you were prepared to accept anything, you'd be able to interpret whatever we found here as part of your warped narrative.
Sachi: And that's why you told me to meet Mom before making a decision...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: You needed to be a blank slate, so to speak.
Yuuji: Given a piece of paper filled to the margins with thick black letters, you have to erase before you can write something new.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: You thought things through so thoroughly... You really are―
Yuuji: "You really are amazing, Yuu-kun?"
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: Your parents are the amazing ones here.
Narration: *As I speak, I run my eyes carefully along the painstakingly decorated wall.*
Yuuji: Getting all those machines removed without you realizing would have been hard enough...
Yuuji: And these decorations are all hand-made. It must have taken them days...
Yuuji: They must have wanted very badly to surprise you. To make you happy.
Sachi: Do you... think so...?
Yuuji: ...I didn't want you to kill your mother. Not the woman sleeping in that hospital bed, at least.
Yuuji: That accident was too much for a child to process. Too terrifying. Too painful.
Yuuji: Thanks to that overwhelming tragedy, you were imprinted with a hollow, false image...
Yuuji: An image of two people who resented you and wanted you to suffer. A hateful illusion you mistook for your parents. That's what you needed to "kill."
Sachi: !?
Yuuji: In this place, time stopped on that day...
Yuuji: Here's the reality. Your real mom and dad's feelings, preserved in amber.
Sachi: Mom and Dad's... feelings...
Narration: *Repeating my words absentmindedly, Sachi gently reaches out to touch the decorations on the wall.*
Mom: Sachi's first perfect test. Must have gotten her talent at math from me.
Dad: Sachi painted me a picture for Father's Day. I cried with happiness. I'll treasure it for the rest of my life.
Mom: Sachi seems to like playing catch. Talked with Daddy - maybe she'll be a softball player one day?
Dad: Today was sports day at Sachi's school. I ended up holding her back in the parent-child three-legged race... Think I'll have to start jogging.
Mom: I helped Sachi make her very first omelette. To be honest, she used a bit too much salt, but Daddy gobbled it up with a big smile on his face.
Dad: I found a test in the trash. Sachi got a perfect score in Japanese, even though it's her weakest subject... I wish I'd told her how proud I was...
Narration: *Along with a series of photographs chronicling the first decade of Sachi's life, the wall's packed with tests, paintings, and prize certificates.*
Narration: *And on every single one, there's a note from her parents, spelling out their feelings.*
Narration: *They're the simple, earnest sentences of two people watching over their growing child with unabashed pride and affection.*
Narration: *It's nothing less than a crystallization of pure parental love.*
Sachi: I made those paintings years before... and I never got the chance to show them this test...
Sachi: Had they been holding on to all of these...?
Sachi: Even though they stopped paying attention to me when work got busy...
Sachi: Just look at all these photographs they saved...
Sachi: And... all those huge machines... Where on earth did they...?
Narration: *After all this time, her parents' feelings are finally laid bare.*
Narration: *After all those years believing "My mom and dad hated me..."*
Narration: *What Sachi's found here is completely incompatible with that long-standing delusion. She's so bewildered you can practically see the question marks floating over her head.*
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *Dropping her eyes from the wall of memories, Sachi finally notices the small wooden object sitting on a table on the far side of the room.*
Sachi: This is... the music box Mom and Dad loved so much...
Sachi: And... a letter...
Yuuji: Curious? Might as well read it.
Narration: *The envelope, discolored by its long exposure to the sun, still bears the faint letters "To Sachi."*
Narration: *Seems they left her an answer after all.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Sachi carefully opens the envelope, takes out the letter she finds inside, and begins to read it out loud.*
Narration: *To Sachi...*
Narration: *First of all, happy tenth birthday.*
Narration: *I know we should be saying all of this to your face, but...*
Narration: *Lately, the three of us haven't been able to talk that well... so we decided to try writing a letter.*
Narration: *Dad and I tried very hard to write down everything we need to tell you, so we'd be happy if you read it to the end.*
Narration: *And the very first thing we want you to know...*
Narration: *Is that we're sorry. So very sorry, for so very many things.*
Narration: *We got all caught up with our job and didn't make time to play with you...*
Narration: *We stopped watching your hard work and cheering you on...*
Narration: *We ended up making you eat dinner alone, more often than not.*
Narration: *Please let us apologize for all of that. For everything.*
Narration: *...We really are very sorry, Sachi.*
Narration: *But the one thing you have to know is that we absolutely never stopped caring about you. We never hated you.*
Narration: *By working harder at our job, we thought we'd be able to make you happier.*
Narration: *So when things picked up, and we started having a little extra money to spend, your father and I were very happy.*
Narration: *We thought, "Now we can give Sachi all sorts of tasty food. We can afford to buy her lots of nice clothes."*
Narration: *But you taught us something very important, Sachi...*
Narration: *Instead of eating steak alone and listening to the machines clanging, you wanted to have curry with us.*
Narration: *When you said that, the two of us realized that we had everything backward.*
Narration: *What our family needed wasn't lots of money...*
Narration: *Dad and I talked it over, and we decided to change jobs together.*
Narration: *So that we can spend lots more time with our daughter, who we love so much...*
Narration: *So that we can all be together again in a warm and happy home...*
Narration: *We wanted to make that your next birthday present, Sachi.*
Narration: *But we love this workshop, and it would be sad if you hated it forever...*
Narration: *So we decided to make this a place you could love as well, Sachi.*
Narration: *Our answer was this "album."*
Narration: *We'd take out all the machines, and use the workshop to store the memories of our soon-to-be happy family. Our personal records room...*
Narration: *A family "album" like none other anywhere in the whole wide world.*
Narration: *So from today on, let's all fill it up with lots more memories.*
Narration: *Lots and lots and lots... until this place is bursting at the seams...*
Narration: *We hope that might make you smile. Nothing would make us happier.*
Narration: *Our single greatest joy in the world is seeing your cheerful smile, Sachi.*
Narration: *If nothing else, I hope this letter conveys some small piece of those feelings to you...*
Narration: *But while we're at it, we do have one more present for you. This music box is yours now.*
Narration: *You're ten years old today, so I guess it wouldn't be too odd for you to find someone you like pretty soon...*
Narration: *My instincts are telling me this "Yuu-kun" you play with at the park is the top candidate at the moment... Maybe it's just my imagination, though?*
Narration: *But whoever it may be, when you find someone who's truly precious to you, please listen to this music box with them.*
Narration: *The melody you called "gorgeous" just might bring you happiness, the same way it did for us...*
Narration: *And if you really fall in love with that person... if you end up getting married... I want you to make an even happier home than ours.*
Narration: *Well, I think I'm getting more than a little ahead of myself here...*
Narration: *But I want your future to be a bright and happy one...*
Narration: *We both want you to be smiling forever and ever.*
Narration: *That's our request to you, Sachi, who we named "happiness."*
Narration: *I know it got a little long, but I think that's just about everything we needed to tell you.*
Narration: *There's just one last thing.*
Narration: *"We love you" might still be a little hard to swallow right now, so I'll put it like this...*
Narration: *Thank you very much for being our daughter, Sachi.*
Sachi: ......
Sachi: No. Thank you...
Sachi: Mommy... Daddy...
Narration: *Sachi has the answer she's been yearning to find since her childhood.*
Narration: *I stand quietly at her side as the tears flow in streams down her cheeks.*
Narration: *I can't say for sure how it felt to read that letter. That's something only Sachi herself will ever know.*
Narration: *But there is one thing I can say with some confidence: she won't be suffering from those nightmares again...*
Narration: *Because right now, the words spilling from her mouth aren't "I'm sorry" but "Thank you."*
Narration: *And while I might just be a completely deluded narcissistic moron, I'm pretty sure I also know what the next words out of her mouth are going to be―*
Sachi: Yuu-kun... I'm afraid I need to ask you a favor...
Yuuji: Oh? And what would that be?
Sachi: Would you be so kind as to listen to this music box with me?
Yuuji: ...Yeah. I think I can do that.

Sachi: I guess I have to... kill myself...
Narration: *I'm the only one to blame here.*
Narration: *Mom and Dad didn't deliberately get hit by the truck just to make me suffer horrible nightmares and traumatic flashbacks. I came down with PTSD all on my own.*
Narration: *My death would, I suppose, allow a clean escape from the constant torment of my own conscience.*
Sachi: ...But I doubt that's what Yuu-kun wanted to tell me.
Narration: *If you don't like your nightmares, you'll just have to die.*
Narration: *Yuu-kun couldn't have arrived at such a blunt, ugly conclusion.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *...No, I take that back.*
Narration: *Yuu-kun might well be capable of such a thought, if the situation warranted it. But I'm quite certain that wasn't the case here.*
Narration: *If Yuu-kun had concluded that I had no choice but to die, he would have told me so outright.*
Narration: *But instead, the advice he gave me was deliberately vague. A hint, rather than an order.*
Narration: *Yuu-kun wanted me to retrace his reasoning, to find my own path to his conclusion.*
Narration: *Given that, the answer he wants me to find can't possibly be a simplistic, brute-force solution that might pop into my head right away.*
Sachi: That's right...
Narration: *I wasn't entirely wrong. I need to kill "myself."*
Narration: *...To destroy my own weakness. This frailty of spirit that I've allowed to define who I am.*
Narration: *Mom's done nothing wrong. Not in asking that final question; not in continuing to sleep in her hospital bed.*
Narration: *And rationally speaking, the accident that occurred that day was the product of many overlapping coincidences, easier to blame on the negligence of that drunk driver than anyone else. There's no real reason for me to feel such extreme guilt and self-loathing.*
Narration: *I think Yuu-kun wanted to say something along those lines.*
Narration: *So long as I continue to cower in fear of the past, believing "that accident was all my fault," this suffering will continue indefinitely.*
Narration: *Instead, I should accept the sin I bear, shoulder only the guilt I deserve to carry, and strive to move forward.*
Narration: *I believe that's the answer he was hoping I might find.*
Sachi: But that's so very hard, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Truly "accepting" something is different from merely resigning yourself to it.*
Narration: *I can't simply erase my regrets. Even now, the words "if only I'd listened to my parents on that day" are running through my mind.*
Narration: *In the short term, I think it's unlikely that I'll be able to just "move on" and embrace a positive mindset.*
Narration: *But even so, Yuu-kun said that he believed in me.*
Narration: *I won't make him regret that trust. It may be a long, hard road, but somehow I will overcome these nightmares.*
Narration: *As a child, that proved impossible; but today, I have Yuu-kun.*
Narration: *Not to mention Michiru-sama, Maki-chan, Amane-san, and Sakaki-san. They'll all stay by my side, no matter how long it takes.*
Narration: *Therefore, I know I can be strong.*
Narration: *Therefore―*
Sachi: Until then... please wait just a little longer, Mom.
Narration: *With those final words to my sleeping mother, I leave her hospital room with steady strides.*
Yuuji: ...Almost 6:30, huh?
Narration: *It's been over five hours since Sachi told me "Well then, I'll be on my way" and left the dorm.*
Narration: *There's been no contact from her or the hospital since then, so I think it's safe to say she successfully managed to visit her mother.*
Narration: *Right about now, odds are she's sitting next to her mother's sickbed, or perhaps already making her way back to the dorm.*
Narration: *In the end, sitting and waiting finally grew too frustrating to endure, so I came all the way out here to meet her.*
Narration: *It's not that I don't trust Sachi. I just want to be there to reassure her as soon as I possibly can...*
Narration: *To reward her bravery in facing up to everything she's avoided for so long. To hear the answer she found, pet her head, and tell her "well done."*
Yuuji: Then again, I don't know what conclusion Sachi's going to reach after seeing her mother for the first time in years...
Narration: *I gave the poor girl a pretty nasty excuse for a hint, if I do say so myself.*
Narration: *But simply explaining my reasoning and dropping the answer into Sachi's lap wouldn't have changed anything.*
Narration: *Before she can accept the truth, she needs to fight through her own hardened preconceptions. That won't come without a struggle. It can't.*
Narration: *The guilt she carries is too heavy and unwieldy a burden to shed that easily.*
Narration: *There are two sources of Sachi's ongoing suffering.*
Narration: *First, her bedridden mother, whose unfinished final question perpetuates Sachi's fear of her parents' hatred.*
Narration: *Second, Sachi's own guilt-ridden heart, still branded with an irrational conviction: "that accident was all my fault."*
Narration: *Unless those two issues are resolved, I don't think Sachi will ever be free of her nightmares. And I think she knows it.*
Narration: *In other words, I've deliberately forced her to contemplate a stark choice between killing her mother or herself.*
Yuuji: Neither being the correct answer.
Narration: *Sachi needs to kill something else entirely. Something she can only understand when she's rejected the easy alternatives.*
Narration: *As she is today, Sachi can find her way to the truth. I genuinely believe that.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *When I finally return my attention to the world around me, I spot the girl in question just on the other side of the intersection.*
Narration: *But from this distance, this position, I can't tell what answer she's found.*
Narration: *She walks along the road, gazing far off into the sky...*
Narration: *Is that an expression of confidence on her face, or a mask of uncertainty? Somehow, it seems like both and neither.*
Sachi: Ah...
Sachi: Yuu-kun!!
Narration: *And the instant Sachi notices me, she begins to run toward me―*
Yuuji: !?
Yuuji: Wait! Sachi!
Sachi: Huh...?
Narration: *The truck barrels past the green light and into the intersection, tires squealing harshly against the pavement as the driver slams on the brakes. A fraction of a second later there's the dull "thump" of impact.*
Narration: *Struck by a vehicle easily over a ton in mass, Sachi's flung through the air. Too fast, too far. When she lands, she lands hard.*
Sachi: U... uu... uh...
Narration: *Sachi lies crumpled limply on the asphalt, small gasping groans leaking from her mouth, in a slowly expanding puddle of blood.*
Yuuji: What the hell... just...
Yuuji: This can't... be real...
Narration: *Is this my punishment, then?*
Narration: *My own sins: red painted over red in layer after thick layer, until the stain was jet-black, indelible.*
Narration: *Still unable to even begin atoning, I tried to take on another's burden. And now I've received my rebuke.*
Narration: *Another person who trusted me, who offered me warmth, gone. Another I've brought to misfortune.*
Narration: *Kazuki, Asako, and now Sachi...*
Narration: *All the women I give my heart to die.*
Narration: *Will it always end this way? Am I cursed?*
Narration: *─No! This isn't over yet!*
Yuuji: ...Sachi!!
Narration: *Pulling myself together through a violent effort of will, I dash out into the road. In an instant, I'm at Sachi's side.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi! Talk to me!!
Sachi: Uu... uuh...
Narration: *When I shout her name, her eyes ease slowly open.*
Yuuji: Sachi!!
Sachi: ...Yuu-kun... why...?
Narration: *...Ah.*
Narration: *Now, only now, do I finally understand.*
Narration: *Sachi must have felt exactly as I do in this moment.*
Narration: *As if my heart's been gouged out of my chest, still beating.*
Narration: *I'll carry this with me from now on. For every moment of my life, waking or asleep.*
Narration: *The not knowing. Never to hear what answer she found, never to know what she's thinking in this moment.*
Narration: *The guilt. The irresolvable, eternal guilt.*
Narration: *Fine. I won't hide from my punishment.*
Narration: *If Sachi failed to atone for her "sin," I'll accept her share of suffering with the rest―*

Sachi: ...And in PE class yesterday, we played "extreme sports" for the first time in a while.
Sachi: Ah, "extreme sports" is the name Yuu-kun came up with for a team game we sometimes play, which involves...
Sachi: So Maki-chan managed to catch my line drive on the first hop, then fired it at Michiru-sama as she ran to second base...
Sachi: However, Maki-chan doesn't have much of an arm, so it ended up falling a little short...
Sachi: But Michiru-sama managed to trip over her own feet into a head-first slide, so the ball bounced right off her head for a highlight-reel out.
Sachi: I managed to safely reach first base by that point, but those two really are amazing, don't you think?
Narration: *The hospital room is filled with the warm glow of afternoon sunlight.*
Narration: *As a gentle breeze blows in through the open window, Sachi chatters on, recounting the recent happenings at Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *Unlike before, there's no trace of melancholy in her expression.*
Mom: ......
Narration: *Of course, that doesn't mean her mother's offering any reply.*
Narration: *Even so, her sleeping face looks strangely peaceful...*
Narration: *Somehow, it makes me think of a parent affectionately half-listening to her daughter's stories while doing housework.*
Nurse: Excuse me, Komine-san. I'm coming in.
Nurse: ...Oh, hello there Sacchan. Visiting today as well, I see.
Narration: *The one-sided conversation is interrupted by the arrival of a familiar nurse, who immediately greets the two of us.*
Sachi: Good morning. Is it time to take her temperature?
Nurse: Yes, that's right. Don't worry, it won't take long... You can stick around.
Sachi: Ah, thank you... but I think we'll be on our way now. We had just reached a good point to leave off.
Nurse: Really? Well, okay then... if you're sure.
Sachi: Yes, thank you...
Narration: *Still smiling, Sachi slowly rises from her seat.*
Narration: *I follow suit, pushing myself up off my undersized folding chair.*
Sachi: ...I'll come again soon, Mom.
Mom: ......
Narration: *As she speaks, Sachi gently squeezes her mother's hand.*
Sachi: Well then, I'm sorry for the bother... but please do look after Mom.
Nurse: Of course, Sacchan. Make sure you work hard at school, okay?
Sachi: ...Certainly. Thank you very much.
Narration: *After exchanging polite little nods with the nurse, we quietly leave the hospital room.*
Yuuji: ...You really all right with that?
Sachi: All right with what, exactly?
Yuuji: Wrapping up the visit so quickly.
Sachi: ...Yes. That's plenty for today.
Narration: *Sachi seems to have grasped what I'm getting at, but her reply is strangely casual in tone.*
Yuuji: ...Didn't you have more you wanted to talk about?
Sachi: Well, yes. Of course.
Yuuji: So why didn't you stay a little longer like the nurse suggested?
Sachi: Because I didn't want to bother Mom by babbling on for hours.
Yuuji: ...What?
Sachi: There are so many things I need to tell her about, you know...
Sachi: About my experiences during the years when I wasn't able to visit...
Sachi: About everything that's happened at Mihama Academy... and about you, Yuu-kun.
Sachi: It would be quite a headache for Mom to have all that dumped on her at once, don't you think?
Yuuji: Guess you've got a point...
Sachi: Therefore, I'd like to visit many times, and tell her my story little by little.
Narration: *There's no guilt or bitterness in Sachi's eyes as she speaks those words.*
Narration: *They're the shining eyes of a child talking about a beloved parent.*
Yuuji: ...I see. Fine, you've convinced me.
Sachi: Heheh. Thank you very much...
Sachi: What's more, we have a pressing appointment today. I assume you haven't forgotten, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: Oh, now that you mention it...
Yuuji: Something about "reverting to childhood" and spending the whole day playing in the park, wasn't it?
Sachi: ...Indeed.♪
Sachi: Look at this, Yuu-kun! We have it all to ourselves! It's a private reservation!
Narration: *The moment she realizes the playground's empty, Sachi takes off at a gallop, practically floating off the ground with excitement.*
Narration: *Today, the two of us are playing in the park where we first met until Sachi's thoroughly satisfied.*
Narration: *This is what she chose for her belated birthday present.*
Sachi: Swingset, monkey bars, jungle gym, seesaw...
Sachi: This is truly something else... Even using every minute from now until midnight, I might not be able to experience all this playground has to offer...
Yuuji: ...How are you keeping a straight face right now?
Sachi: It's quite easy when you're completely serious.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *"As my birthday present to you, I'll accept any one request unconditionally, no matter how spoiled or selfish it may be."*
Narration: *From the moment I made my offer, Sachi's been eagerly anticipating this day.*
Narration: *I knew the girl never really lost her fundamental love for playing around outside, but it seems all those years of self-denial may have amplified her enthusiasm.*
Yuuji: You seriously want to go straight through midnight? In some ways, that might be harder than your average ranger training course...
Sachi: Yuu-kun, you did promise to accept even the most selfish of demands unconditionally, did you not?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's what I said, but can we try to be a little realistic? Human beings do have their limits.
Sachi: All right, then we'll just keep going until we hit this supposed limit. Come on, we'll start with the swings!
Narration: *Even as she speaks, Sachi's yanking impatiently on my arm.*
Yuuji: You're not listening to a word I say, are you...
Narration: *I may be grumbling, but for some mysterious reason there's a smile on my face.*
Narration: *This is how it's been lately. We eat our meals together; we talk about nothing in particular and end up laughing; every once in a while, she pulls me around like this.*
Narration: *Hackneyed stuff. The sort of thing I used to read about in cheap love stories.*
Narration: *...Maybe the "happiness" I wanted to help Sachi find was something as simple as that.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Even after visiting that workshop, neither Sachi nor I believe that we've come to understand everything her mother and father were thinking.*
Narration: *The feelings of two parents cut down by an accident in the middle of searching for their distraught child...*
Narration: *That's probably something you can't fully understand until you have a family and children of your own.*
Narration: *But there's one thing that's clear: the two of them wanted her to find happiness even greater than their own. In a way, that bittersweet knowledge will be Sachi's "punishment" from now on.*
Yuuji: A family, huh...?
Narration: *At the rate this relationship is going, the two of us might end up married. Maybe even have children of our own at some point.*
Narration: *Kind of bizarre, in a way... I wouldn't have been capable of imagining such a future just a few short months ago, but right now it seems completely natural. Even obvious.*
Narration: *And if Sachi feels the same way, I don't think anything could make me happier.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi. I've got a suggestion to make, if you're willing to listen.
Sachi: If it involves cutting our playground time short, I'm not inclined to hear you out.
Yuuji: Yeah, that's not it...
Yuuji: What do you think about getting married after we graduate from Mihama?
Sachi: ...Married?
Yuuji: Yeah. Even if I end up quitting my current job somewhere down the line, I'm confident I'll be able to feed the two of us.
Yuuji: And I want you with me for the rest of my life, Sachi.
Sachi: Wait, is this... Did you just propose to me?
Yuuji: I guess so.
Sachi: I see, I see...
Sachi: To be certain, if we get married I'll be able to stay with you even after graduation. A very attractive offer indeed.
Narration: *Nodding to herself, Sachi slowly closes her eyes.*
Yuuji: ...Guess it's decided, then.
Sachi: No. I refuse.
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Narration: *Thrown off balance by this 180 degree reversal from her initial reaction, I do a bit of a double-take.*
Sachi: After all...
Sachi: I haven't seen you kick your shoe further than me yet.
Narration: *The mid-afternoon sun, blazing down as if to insist "summer's not over yet," is thoroughly outshone by a single dazzling smile.*
Narration: *That smile belongs to a girl named Komine Sachi.*
Narration: *The only child of two people who treasured her above all else. The daughter of two parents who exchanged their ambitions for one simple wish.*
Narration: *And today, I'm sure the two of them know that wish has been wholeheartedly inherited...*
Narration: *―Because the woman I love has found a smile so befitting of the name her parents gave her.*

Makina: Totally plausy-bull. The guy's crazy strong and weirdly experienced fer his age, ya know? I could totally see him out there fightin' crime an' whatnot.
Michiru: Whaaaat? Oh man, no way! What if he arrests me!?
Sachi: Michiru-sama, we don't even know if he works for the police yet.
Makina: The heck, Chiruchiru? You already done suckin' that sucker? You must be one helluva licker, girl. Nice tongue power.
Michiru: Excuse me! Can you stop implying that I'd be totally awesome at blowjobs or whatever!?
Michiru: But seriously, is this police thing for real? Aren't you guys freaked out? If Yuuji bursts in and yells "You're under arrest!" it's game over, man!
Amane: ...Sacchan, mouth.
Sachi: Yes. Have a sandwich, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Mogwh!?
Makina: So Chiruchiru's a B.J. expert, eh? Ya better watch out, Yumi-chan. What's yer sex speciality?
Yumiko: ...I don't have the slightest intention of answering that question. But just to be perfectly clear, Kazami-kun and I aren't in a relationship of that sort―
Yumiko: And I'm not particularly interested in the first place, so I'd appreciate it if you stopped with the vulgar insinuations.
Makina: Oh puuuh-leeeze. Lookit this, Boss, the lady's still tryin' ta play dumb! Nice try, kid, but we've got a whole pile of dirt. You're head over heels, an' we can prove it!
Yumiko: Wha...?
Amane: Wait, we're already going there? Aren't you kind of rushing things?
Makina: Ferget it, Boss. Let's just make th' kid spill her guts already. We ain't gonna crack that purty li'l mouth open by makin' small talk fer hours.
Amane: ...Why am I "Boss" now? Well, whatever. Let's move on to phase two.
Yumiko: W-What "dirt?" Also, what's this "phase two!?"
Makina: Sacchin, toss th' items in question onta th' floor.
Sachi: Yes. Behold!
Yumiko: ...! T-These are...!
Makina: Kuudere Yumi-chan Goes Full Dere: An Illustrated History～
Yumiko: Photographs of me... W-When on earth did you...!?
Sachi: This was taken at the entrance of the dormitory one morning, capturing Sakaki-san just about to go out.
Sachi: While putting on her outdoor shoes, her eyes find Kazami-san standing just a little in front of her... Goodness, what's this? A little sleepy? Such an indescribably dreamy expression. Look, her lips are slightly parted...
Yumiko: T-This is incredibly rude! Let me out of those ropes! Hand over those photographs!!
Sachi: And here we have a shot of her return from the river. Watching Kazami-san who's walking a little ways behind out of the corner of her eye, her countenance grows somewhat forlorn.
Sachi: This redness in the cheeks cannot be blamed on the setting sun alone...! This is, without a doubt...
Yumiko: S-Stop it! Don't―!
Sachi: This image was taken only the other day. Here we see a young lady longing to touch the untouchable. Her slightly outstretched hand, paused halfway to its target, speaks more eloquently than a thousand words.
Sachi: And above all, this expression! Just look at it! One might almost think the deed had already been done...
Yumiko: Ah... aaah...!
Sachi: As I'm sure you all agree, this is the face of a woman in love.
Amane: The camera doesn't lie. And these aren't the only photos, either. Our investigator brought us plenty of proof.
Makina: Any reason-abull observer'd take one look at these an' say "Wouldn't be surprised if he's already given her th' business!"
Michiru: Huh, what? What business? Does Yuuji own a store?
Sachi: Michiru-sama... please stay just the way you are forever...
Michiru: L-Look, what's with you today!? I seriously don't get it, all right!?
Amane: ...Plug the hole.
Sachi: Yes. Here, Michiru-sama. It's juice time.
Michiru: Guh, gblllfh!
Amane: ...Well, anyway, we've got mounds of dirt. Protesting your innocence in the face of all this would just be unseemly... don't you think, Sakaki Yumiko-san?
Yumiko: U-Ugh...
Amane: Admit it. You've fallen for Kazami Yuuji. Am I wrong?
Yumiko: Cowards! You're heartless cowards! I-I can't believe you'd sneak around taking pictures! How could you? Did... Did you want to make a laughingstock of me that badly!?
Yumiko: I mean, yes, I wasn't the most friendly classmate... I know I kept my distance from you... but this is just too cruel!
Amane: ...What? Uhm, hold on. We're not really here to make fun of you or anything...
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Amane: Well, c'mon. I said so from the start, right?
Amane: We wouldn't get in the way if you and Yuuji were in a romantic relationship. Heck, if anything we were kind of hoping to offer a little help from the shadows or something. After we double-checked our theory with you, of course.
Sachi: I do apologize. It's just not possible to be completely sure about these things from outside observations... Our method was certainly a little rough, but we needed your confirmation.
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: Now that we understand how you feel about Yuuji, it'll be easier for us to take action or whatever.
Makina: Course, everybody was also totally lookin' forward to seein' your reaction when we showed you these! Ngoh!
Makina: Yowch! Ama-neee, that hurrrt!
Amane: ...So that's how it is, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: ...All right. I understand.
Amane: Great. Glad we cleared that up, at least.
Yumiko: ...But that said, I'm afraid your efforts were pointless.
Amane: ...Huh?
Yumiko: ...My feelings toward Kazami-kun are entirely one-sided, after all.
Sachi: ......
Makina: ...Yumi-chan...
Yumiko: I asked him very clearly why he was going so far to protect me, and his answer was "because it's my job."
Yumiko: ...Only natural, of course. It's not as though anyone would put their body on the line to guard the likes of me without some circumstances of that sort.
Yumiko: ...Still, I was happy. I'd never had anyone protect me like that before. Even if it was only a job to him, it meant a great deal to me.
Michiru: ......
Yumiko: It would be nothing but a nuisance for him, I'm sure. I don't even understand these feelings very well myself. Much less what I should do about them.
Yumiko: For the moment, all I've managed to do is express concern about his safety... although that seems pointlessly one-sided as well, to be honest.
Amane: Sakaki-san, have you... never fallen in love before?
Yumiko: ...If I was capable of that, I wouldn't have turned into an antisocial box cutter menace.
Amane: ...Sorry. We asked you some pretty thoughtless questions, didn't we?
Yumiko: Don't worry about it. It was a laughable story from the start.
Amane: Well, okay then. If that's how it is, we'll just have to teach that clueless blockhead to appreciate Sakaki-san's charm. Am I right or am I right?
Yumiko: Huh...?
Makina: Agreedo. Yumi-chan's got a killer bod to work with, right? One well-timed wiggle of th' ass when he's in a dry spell should do th' trick!
Yumiko: Wait, uhm...
Sachi: I am entirely in agreement. Kazami-san should immediately be made to realize that an ultra-high-quality meal has been set out for him. And how it yearns to be eaten! He must devour it right down to the plate...!
Michiru: Wait, a meal? Did you make dinner already? I don't get it, Sachi!
Yumiko: W-Wait, hold on! Don't tell me you're planning to say something ridiculous to Kazami-kun...!!
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: They're gone, aren't they?
Yumiko: ...When exactly are they planning to untie me...?
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*
Yuuji: Hrm...
Yumiko: ...Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: ...Hm? What's wrong?
Yumiko: ...I'd appreciate it if you stopped staring at my body.
Yuuji: Right. My apologies. A certain individual directed me to observe you more carefully, you see. Couldn't go about it any other way.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Would you mind telling me about this "certain individual" in greater detail?
Yuuji: Sorry, but I've been sworn to silence.
Yumiko: Then you don't have to say a word about who's involved. But, uhm, would you mind at least explaining what they told you to "observe" about me... and why?
Yuuji: Not sure that would be such a good idea either... I have a feeling the answer might irritate you somewhat. But if you're really that interested in hearing someone else's groundless speculation regarding your physical characteristics...
Yumiko: ...*Siiigh*... It's all right. That response was more than enough of an explanation.
Yuuji: I see. In that case, I'll continue my observations.
Yumiko: Just because I understand the situation doesn't mean I've given you permission to stare at me!
Yuuji: That so? My apologies.
Yumiko: ...Honestly...
Yumiko: ...Some "help" this is... They're just looking for laughs after all... *Siiiigh*
Yuuji: What's with all the heavy sighs?
Yumiko: It's nothing!
Yumiko: It's nothing, all right...? For crying out loud...
Yuuji: What on earth is going on around here, anyway...?
Date: *August 6, 2011, 09:00 - East Beach President's Office*
Michiaki: What on earth is the meaning of this!?
JB: We simply put the matter into practice just as you requested...
Michiaki: ...I'm having a very hard time believing that.
Michiaki: I think I explained that the purpose of this charade was to influence Yumiko's feelings by convincing her she was in danger.
JB: Yes, that was our understanding.
Michiaki: But not only is your pet dog refusing to play his part, he's sabotaging the entire play. We needed him to fail as a bodyguard. Instead, it seems he's flawlessly protecting the girl.
Michiaki: Tell me, how is that supposed to turn Yumiko's loyalty toward her family!? She's obviously going to get attached to that dog of yours instead!
JB: We've carried out your strategy to the letter. That said, we aren't an acting troupe or a detective agency. Anticipating such subtle psychological details is beyond our capabilities.
Michiaki: Hmph. Coming from a dog of Akasaka pedigree, that's somewhat less than convincing. I doubt there's anything up to and including espionage you're not "capable" of.
JB: ......
Michiaki: In any case, I can no longer trust you with this matter. Remove that "Kazami Yuuji" of yours from this operation immediately, and notify him to stay out this!
JB: ...Understood.
Yuuji: What was that...?
JB: ...It's exactly as I said. You heard me just fine, didn't you?
Narration: *The return call from JB I'd been waiting for has finally arrived. But instead of the information I wanted, she's brought me a whole new world of trouble.*
JB: I'll repeat that, just in case you didn't quite catch it the first time. Kazami Yuuji, you've been removed from the role of Sakaki Yumiko's bodyguard. As of this moment, you are not to involve yourself with this operation in any way.
Yuuji: ......
JB: ...Was that clear enough for you?
Yuuji: ...Yeah.
Narration: *I don't have the slightest clue what's going on here.*
Narration: *First, they dump the job of guarding my classmate on me without even providing half of the details. Now they cancel it just as abruptly... even ordering me to stay out of the matter entirely.*
Yuuji: You're not going to tell me the reason?
JB: That's correct. Not for this operation.
Yuuji: JB...
JB: No. You can butter me up all you want, but it's not happening this time. There are some complicated circumstances involved... I'm sure you noticed that the whole thing was kind of fishy to begin with, yes?
Yuuji: Do those "circumstances" have something to do with the bizarre behavior of the people attacking Sakaki for the last week?
JB: Listen, I just told you I can't answer...
Yuuji: No matter how you look at it, their attack plan is just absurd. They're unbelievably sloppy, and they don't learn from their mistakes. Almost as if they're handicapping themselves. It's completely unnatural in every respect.
JB: Look here, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Also, you just told me not to involve myself with this "operation" going forward. Seems a little overblown to refer to me guarding Sakaki as an op, wouldn't you say...?
JB: .........
Yuuji: C'mon, JB...
JB: ...I can't tell you anything more. But I will confirm that you have been officially ordered not to involve yourself with this operation any further.
Yuuji: I see. So there really is something worthy of being called an "operation" going on here.
JB: ...I'm hanging up now.
Yuuji: Thanks, JB. I love you.
JB: You really need to work on your timing with that line...
Narration: *With this grumpy farewell, she abruptly hangs up on me.*
Narration: *After gazing at the cell phone as it emits a droning dial tone for a moment, I snap the device shut and slide it back into my breast pocket.*
Narration: *There's no doubt that someone's arranging these threatening movements in Sakaki's vicinity.*
Narration: *I'm fairly confident that it's not a simple matter of some group of criminals looking to carry her off for some financial objective. This is clearly something much more complicated.*
Narration: *But at the current stage, all I've got to work on are the scraps of information JB gave me. Worse, I was just pulled off the job itself.*
Narration: *Orders from the "main office" are absolute. I'm no longer Sakaki's bodyguard. That's a fact, and there isn't a thing I can do about it.*
Narration: *However, the girl's clearly in some form of danger.*
Narration: *I'm not willing to overlook that, no matter what my employer expects of me. Sakaki's not a stranger to me anymore.*
Narration: *Not to say that I've developed feelings of the sort that would entertain our voyeuristic dormmates. She's a classmate and someone I've spent a lot of time with lately, that's all.*
Narration: *But at the very least, I don't intend to just abandon the girl when she needs my help.*
Yuuji: Anyway... an operation, huh...?
Narration: *JB's clearly under a professional obligation not to divulge the details. By making that so clear, however, she gave me crucial grounds for speculation.*
Narration: *Most likely, the decision to remove me was made over JB's opposition. But she couldn't provide any information about that either.*
Narration: *In other words, people she can't discuss with me are involved in the planning.*
Narration: *The strange behavior of the assailants... my sudden dismissal... and this mysterious "operation."*
Narration: *Every major clue I have suggests this is going to become a huge pain in the ass.*
Yuuji: ...For the time being, I guess I'll report in to Sakaki.
Yumiko: What...!?
Narration: *When I give Sakaki the rough outline of the situation, her face fills with a surprisingly clear expression of dismay.*
Yuuji: It was just decided today. They gave me official notice by phone, so I'm already off the job.
Yumiko: I-I see...
Yuuji: Sorry about following you around all this time. It was my job, so I didn't have any choice. Think you can forgive me?
Yumiko: ...There's nothing to forgive, really...
Narration: *Sakaki's tone of voice suggests she couldn't care less about that particular detail at the moment.*
Yuuji: I'm sure you're aware, Sakaki, but just because I've been pulled from this assignment doesn't mean the threat has passed.
Yuuji: From now on, you need to be keeping a watchful eye on your surroundings whenever you go out. Constantly monitor everything that's going on within a thirty meter radius for signs of danger. Also...
Narration: *I've been removed from my position as her bodyguard, but they didn't restrict me from lecturing her to prepare for future threats.*
Narration: *Not that they would have approved if I'd asked for permission, of course. That's part of the reason I didn't press JB too hard for specific details.*
Yuuji: ...So that's the basic outline, but... Sakaki? Sakaki...?
Yumiko: Ah... huh?
Yuuji: That's no good. You really need to listen to me this time, all right? After all, next time something happens you're going to be the one protecting yourself.
Yumiko: I... suppose so...
Narration: *I patiently repeat my self-defense lecture from the top.*
Narration: *Not sure if the girl's actually listening this time, but she's certainly got a serious expression on her face. Seems to be thinking something over very intently.*
Yuuji: ...That's all I have to say.
Yumiko: Ah...!
Narration: *I've finished my explanation.*
Narration: *Deciding to wrap this up for the moment, I look straight into Sakaki's eyes and continue.*
Yuuji: From now on, we'll be back to just "classmates."
Yumiko: Uh...
Narration: *Sakaki doesn't offer a clear reaction. Far from typical.*
Narration: *Deciding not to stretch this out, I turn my back on her and begin to walk toward my room.*
Narration: *At a bare minimum, I've told her what to watch out for. She'll probably be on guard for a while, and I'm planning to keep an eye on her from a greater distance than before, providing "coincidental" help when necessary.*
Narration: *In some respects, this should actually make it easier for me to take action compared to when I was specifically acting as a close-protection bodyguard.*
Narration: *I don't know if JB read this far ahead when she dropped those hints over the phone, but for the moment I think I've reached a respectable compromise solution that doesn't violate the letter of my orders...*
Narration: *...But my satisfaction proves short-lived.*
Yumiko: W-Wait!
Narration: *Just as I'm taking my second step, she calls out to me from behind.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *When I turn back, Sakaki's still facing me. She stands with her legs spread wide, her head hanging slightly. Not far enough to hide the intense, anguished expression on her face.*
Narration: *Both of her hands are clenched tightly into trembling fists. Ten-odd seconds of silence pass before she finally opens her mouth to continue.*
Yumiko: Kazami-kun. You said... you were protecting me because it was your job, didn't you?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, that I did.
Yumiko: I see. All right. In that case...
Narration: *She swallows softly, then looks me in the eye...*
Yumiko: I'll employ you. As a bodyguard.
Narration: *And just like that, Sakaki Yumiko's fired right back with a complete surprise of her own.*
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Yumiko: Didn't you hear me the first time? Then I'll repeat myself...
Narration: *Taking a page out of a certain shaggy-headed blond's book, Sakaki repeats herself, clearly enunciating every syllable.*
Yumiko: I want to employ you. As my... as Sakaki Yumiko's bodyguard.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *...This is about the last thing I was expecting.*
Narration: *Didn't Sakaki hate having me following her around all the time?*
Narration: *To be sure, she's softened up noticeably over the last week or so. When I was lightly wounded in the course of duty as her bodyguard, she even showed some honest concern on my behalf.*
Narration: *That said, the girl always had fundamental problems with the nature of my protection. I'd approached this on the assumption she disapproved of being guarded in the first place...*
Yuuji: ...Are you serious?
Yumiko: Surely you've noticed by now that I'm not much of a comedian by nature.
Yuuji: Under the circumstances I couldn't help wondering. But anyway, I'm pretty damn expensive. You sure about this?
Yumiko: I don't waste my money normally, so I have plenty of savings. And even if that wasn't true, a certain someone ensures I don't want for much of anything...
Narration: *Perhaps because it's not money she earned herself, Sakaki's tone of voice takes on a hint of self-ridicule.*
Narration: *At any rate, it seems perfectly clear that this is no joke. She really means it.*
Yuuji: ...All right then. I'll accept that request.
Yumiko: I see... Thank you. In that case, I'd like you to resume your previous duties immediately, if you don't mind.
Narration: *Compared to a minute before, Sakaki's expression seems to have regained a bit of vigor.*
Yuuji: You all right with me approaching this the same way as before?
Yumiko: Yes... Why wouldn't I be?
Yuuji: Well, I'd be fundamentally trying to be aware of your movements at all times, even when you're doing things generally regarded as "shameful" or "embarrassing." Just wondering if that's really all right with you.
Yumiko: I'd appreciate a little restraint on that front!
Narration: *...Seems like she really has gotten a bit of her spirit back.*
Yumiko: I-In any case, just keep things as they were! That's all I'm asking!
Narration: *Immediately after throwing these words in my direction, Sakaki turns away and begins stomping loudly up the stairs.*
Narration: *Probably headed to the rooftop again, at a guess. Judging from the flow of that conversation, I think it'd be best to give her a little time to herself.*
Yuuji: For the time being, I suppose we'll resume this afternoon... Hm?
Narration: *Half of a smirking female face pokes out from around the corner in a clearly deliberate way.*
Amane: Teheheheh?
Yuuji: ...Amane?
Amane: Well, well. I was really on pins and needles there for a while, but in the end things seem to be heading in a good direction. What a relief.
Yuuji: Were you eavesdropping the whole time?
Amane: How very rude. This was sheer coincidence. A few words happened to fall into my ear as I was passing by, so I couldn't help but listen to them. Right, Sacchan?
Sachi: Yes, this was a coincidence. There's no other way to describe it.
Yuuji: Even Sachi...?
Narration: *Maybe it was a coincidence that they were passing by, but I think listening to the entire conversation may have had something to do with their personal curiosity...*
Narration: *What with the way they kept striking up bizarre conversations about Sakaki the other day, I've got the distinct feeling these people are up to something. Especially Amane.*
Amane: But seriously, Sakaki-san's got an unexpectedly bold side, doesn't she? Big sis was surprised!
Yuuji: You really shouldn't keep playing up your age like that, even as a gag. You'll get wrinkles.
Amane: Shaddup, you! Err, okay, never mind me... I guess you're her exclusive private bodyguard now? Sounds kindaaa nice, am I right?
Makina: I detect a lewd scent in th' air!
Michiru: Lewd! Yuuji is lewd! Although I don't really get the details!
Yuuji: ...Every last one of you was listening in?
Narration: *I've felt some doubts in this regard before, but... could it be that these people have too much time on their hands?*
Narration: *I've shared "dorms" with female colleagues before, but they used their off days studying intensely or throwing themselves into personal training, just like everyone else...*
Narration: *By comparison, I can't help thinking these girls suffer from a chronic lack of productive uses for their time.*
Yuuji: You people can think whatever you want, but the fact is Sakaki's got some very complicated personal circumstances that warrant protection. It's not something you should be laughing...
Amane: Yes, yes, we knooow. But just for your information, Lord Know-it-All, there are a few "personal circumstances" here that even you don't know about.
Narration: *...Say what?*
Yuuji: You're saying the intelligence I've gathered on Sakaki is incomplete? That's highly interesting...
Narration: *The moment I speak those words...*
Narration: *Four sets of eyes simultaneously narrow to reproachful slits, overflowing with pure scorn.*
Narration: *They're the eyes of people who've just lost all respect for someone.*
Yuuji: ...Okay, what's with the look?
Amane: ...I'm getting the feeling this "intelligence" might never fall into your hands, Yuuji.
Sachi: In these matters, Kazami-san has left me deeply disappointed. No, even "despairing" would be no exaggeration.
Makina: Welp, what're you gonna do? Onii-chan's one of those guys who just rolls through life stickin' it into any hole that presents itself. Am I right, Chiruchiru!?
Michiru: T-That's right! Yuuji's a big stupid carrot! Go stick yourself in a hole, you lunkhead!
Yuuji: Carrot...?
Michiru: Huh...? Well, yeah, I mean... you stick carrots into holes, right...?
Sachi: Michiru-sama... please come to your senses...
Makina: Wow. Quite th' bomb ta drop outta nowhere.
Michiru: Hold on, we're talking about Yuuji right now, aren't we!? Why'd you guys start making fun of me the minute carrots came up!?
Sachi: Michiru-sama... Michiru-sama...!
Makina: First it's bananas, now carrots... Chiruchiru's a bold spirit herself, ain't she?
Michiru: Mukiii!!
Amane: Oh, shut up... Wait, uh, where'd Yuuji go...?
Narration: *Having successfully passed through the storm of frenzied, meaningless excitement, I make my way back to the lobby alone.*
Yuuji: Haaah...
Narration: *Sinking deeply into the sofa, I think back over my conversation with Sakaki.*
Narration: *...Sure didn't see that one coming. I'm still having a hard time wrapping my head around it.*
Narration: *I mean... for the first couple days there, the girl was so furious about being guarded that she dusted off her treasured sword, the legendary box cutter of wrath...*
Yuuji: Maybe she just realized that she's in real danger here...?
Narration: *When threatened by a mysterious menace, it's only natural to grow uncertain and fearful.*
Narration: *At present, I suppose I'm the only means she has to relieve that anxiety even a little.*
Narration: *From that perspective... I guess it's reasonable enough. Sakaki's basically a rational person. I can understand how she'd swallow her pride and make this choice after carefully weighing the alternatives.*
Narration: *Whatever the case may be, I now have her approval. That should make it easier to continue protecting her, as I'd planned from the start. No need to look a gift horse in the mouth.*
Yuuji: Since she's hired me, I'll have to earn my salary...
Narration: *Pushing myself up off the sofa, I glance down at my watch. There's still plenty of time before Sakaki will be heading out to draw her pictures.*
Yuuji: Guess I'll go run for a while.
Narration: *The threats are getting steadily stronger, and I'm not getting backup. That just means I'll have to intensify my training to match.*
Narration: *After a light warm-up, I slap my hands together in the entrance, then push my way out the front door at a jog.*
Narration: *And today, as usual, our mysterious friends make their appearance.*
Narration: *However... something's clearly different this time.*
Narration: *From the moment they spot me, the men seem oddly flustered.*
Narration: *Many of them appear to have gotten cold feet. One or two take out cell phones and try to contact someone.*
Man　A: H-Hey! Why's that guy still here!?
Man　B: I didn't hear anything about this! They said the guard would be gone!
Yuuji: Hmm, wonder where they heard a thing like that...
Narration: *I've got a feeling this might have something to do with JB's evasiveness earlier.*
Narration: *Whatever the case, the men take much longer than usual to approach me.*
Man　A: S-Screw it! Just go! Take the asshole out already!
Men: Graaah!!
Man　C: S-Shit, this isn't what we signed up for!
Man　D: Hey, let's get the hell out of here! We can't take him straight on!
Narration: *When they finally managed to spur themselves to action, their strategy was as confused as always. Even more so, really. None of them seemed eager to take the lead.*
Narration: *They're so sloppy that you'd think they were trying to fail.*
Yumiko: Are they... gone...?
Narration: *Sakaki calls out timidly from behind me, slowly opening her eyes.*
Yuuji: Yeah... But something was definitely off this time.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Narration: *Sakaki looks up at me with an expression of pure bewilderment.*
Narration: *These constant attacks must be causing the girl more than enough worry. Adding their unclear, suspicious motives to the equation would probably only upset her further.*
Yumiko: Does that... have something to do with me hiring you...?
Yuuji: Hard to say. It sounded like that might be the case, but... there's no way to know if they were trying to mislead us.
Narration: *After brushing off a little dust, I indicate "Let's go" with a slight movement of my head.*
Narration: *As we slowly climb up the slope leading away from the riverbank, I think long and hard about our "enemies."*
Narration: *I just can't figure out their objective. It's obviously connected to Sakaki, but their attacks are far too sloppy for this to be a real kidnapping job.*
Narration: *And that phrase they used again today... "This isn't what we signed up for." They clearly knew I was taken off the job, which suggests a connection to Ichigaya, my original client in this matter.*
Yuuji: (Just what is this...?)
Narration: *Still unsatisfied, I clamber my way up to the road.*
Narration: *Across from the setting sun, the world's already grown dark and murky. Something in the air suggests an approaching storm.*
Narration: *Might have to take countermeasures before the rain starts to fall in earnest...*
Date: *August 7, 2011, 09:00 - East Beach President's Office*
Michiaki: ......
JB: ......
Michiaki: ...Do you have anything to say for yourself?
JB: We have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of, sir.
Michiaki: Don't play games with me! I told you to get that thug Kazami so-and-so out of the picture! Why is he still hanging around Yumiko!?
Michiaki: The man's actively interfering with my plan! You call that "absolutely nothing?" Have you no shame whatsoever!?
JB: I formally informed Kazami Yuuji of his removal from this operation. And considering the strict regulations of our organization and the character of the individual involved, I don't believe he would disobey those orders.
Michiaki: ...Then tell me, how exactly do you explain the current situation?
JB: This is only speculation on my part, but after I relieved Kazami Yuuji from his role, I think he may have informed Sakaki Yumiko of that decision.
JB: The most plausible scenario is that the news left Yumiko-san herself uneasy, leading her to recruit Kazami Yuuji as a bodyguard in a private capacity.
Michiaki: Even if that were the case, anyone with a shred of common sense would refuse!
JB: That's only "common sense" from your perspective, President Sakaki. I didn't inquire about his own thoughts on the matter the other day, so it's quite possible he interpreted the situation differently.
Michiaki: ...Do you really think that child's self-centered logic is going to satisfy me!?
JB: Child or adult, we consider our orders absolute. And our promises.
Michiaki: ......
Michiaki: ...That's enough. Leave.
JB: Certainly. Please excuse me.
Michiaki: ......
Michiaki: About the matter with my daughter... Ichigaya's definitely acting strangely.
Aide: ...What would you like me to do, sir?
Michiaki: Gather some genuinely competent people. I want this taken care of, even if we have to get a little rough.
Aide: Certainly. May I interpret that as authorization for potentially lethal force against those who interfere...?
Michiaki: Yes. If it comes to that, so be it. Do what has to be done.
Aide: Understood, sir. It will take some time to make the arrangements.
Michiaki: Give this your highest priority. You can temporarily discontinue the attacks until your preparations are complete.
Aide: Yes. I'll begin at once...
Michiaki: ...It would have been wiser to do as you were told, Yumiko...
Narration: *It's been several days since I came into Sakaki's employ.*
Narration: *Strangely enough, they've been largely peaceful. That confused encounter immediately after she hired me was the last time those people tried anything.*
Narration: *That doesn't mean they've given up, of course. More likely they've withdrawn for the moment to prepare a more decisive move. I can afford to be a little less vigilant, but I'm careful not to let my guard down entirely.*
Yuuji: Come to think of it, why're you always wearing the school uniform?
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: We're on vacation, so normally you'd wear casual clothes every once in a while. I was just wondering if there was some reason you don't.
Yumiko: ...Well, I...
Yumiko: ...I don't think there's any reason to constantly loiter around town in casual clothes. That's not how a well-behaved student conducts themselves.
Yuuji: Then I guess everyone else in our school is a juvenile delinquent in the making, eh?
Yumiko: The others are free to do as they please. This is just what they taught me in my previous school, so I'm sticking with it. I don't intend to push it onto anyone else...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Sakaki's grown calm enough to humor me with pointless small talk of this sort.*
Narration: *She seems much less tense after several days without violent interruption. Probably because there's no need for constant wariness, the movement of her pencil appears to have grown smoother as well.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *All of a sudden, her hand stops moving.*
Narration: *With a brief exhalation of breath, she glances over at me out of the corner of her eye.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? You notice something?
Narration: *Turning her face away at my words, Sakaki curls her body forward over her sketchbook...*
Yumiko: ...Thank you.
Narration: *Her voice is almost small enough to be lost in the wind, but I hear it clearly enough.*
Yuuji: ...What was that?
Yumiko: I'm able to relax and focus on my art because I know you're guarding me.
Yuuji: ...Sakaki?
Yumiko: No... more than that, it's... because you're there... Well, not quite, but...
Yuuji: This is suspicious...
Yumiko: Huh!? Is something wrong...?
Yuuji: Well, I mean... A thank-you like this, from Sakaki of all people...? Don't tell me... Is that why nothing's been happening the last few days?
Yumiko: ...Uh, what?
Yuuji: I see. It all fits. Sakaki's already been kidnapped, and the person sitting in front of me is an impostor. A classic trick, but you just gave yourself away.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: What have you done with Sakaki? If you're not planning to talk, I'm prepared to...
Yumiko: I'm right here, thank you very much! Stop being such an utter idiot!
Yuuji: ...! Sakaki...? Is that you after all?
Yumiko: ...And NOW you decide it's me!? You have a true talent for insulting people...
Yuuji: What do you mean by that? I'm only considering every possible scenario, so I can respond to minor abnormalities before...
Yumiko: Forget about it! Thanks so much for your work!
Yuuji: What're you so angry about...?
Narration: *She seemed to be in an unusually good mood just a minute ago, but now she's in full sulk mode.*
Narration: *For all the severe lectures I've received from JB and others regarding the treatment of women, it seems I still have a great deal of room for improvement when it comes to interactions with females in my own age group.*
Narration: *Sighing ruefully, I close my eyes for a moment.*
Narration: *Honestly... if only the sky would give me a little advance warning, I wouldn't get struck by lightning at such random moments...*
Yuuji: Hm...?
Narration: *A plop of water against my forehead brings me back to reality. I raise my head and look up at the sky.*
Yuuji: ...Seriously?
Narration: *At some point, it's filled up with angry grey rain clouds.*
Narration: *I'd noticed it was looking a little overcast, but I hadn't expected such a sudden and dramatic turn for the worse.*
Narration: *For a moment I consider attributing the abrupt storm to Sakaki's out-of-character remarks disturbing the balance of the universe, but I have the feeling she wouldn't appreciate the gag.*
Yumiko: Oh no, we've got to hurry back...
Narration: *Sakaki immediately begins to push her art supplies back into her tote bag.*
Narration: *But the rain, indifferent to our concerns, rapidly intensifies.*
Yumiko: At this rate, we're going to be soaked to the bone by the time we get back...
Narration: *With a slightly archaic expression that reveals her for the avid reader she is, Sakaki accurately forecasts an unfortunate future.*
Yuuji: Guess there's nothing for it. Let's wait this out over there.
Narration: *I point at the bridge that stands comparatively nearby.*
Narration: *It was just part of the scenery up until now, but at the moment it's our best option for a shelter from the rain.*
Yumiko: The railway bridge...?
Yuuji: Yeah. C'mon, I think it'd best to run.
Narration: *Leading Sakaki along the river, I hurry to the bridge as the rain grows steadily stronger.*
Narration: *She follows close behind, her bag protectively clutched to her chest.*
Yumiko: Haah... haah... haah...
Narration: *Having sprinted all-out for 200 meters or so, Sakaki's completely out of breath by the time we reach our shelter.*
Yuuji: You all right? Get your breathing back to normal, then take a seat and rest for a while.
Yumiko: Y-Yes... haaah... haah...
Narration: *The area under the bridge quickly falls into shadow. Even the faint light trickling through cracks in the storm clouds can't reach us through the heavy iron above.*
Narration: *Fortunately, since we're more or less in the country, there isn't much junk littering the area compared to what you'd find in a city. Sometimes an empty bottle or can rolls by on the river, but that's about it.*
Narration: *Sakaki and I brush off a light layer of dirt from the bare concrete foundation of the bridge, then settle ourselves down to wait out the storm.*
Narration: *As the girl at my side tries her best to wipe the water from her hair with a handkerchief, I examine the state of affairs outside.*
Narration: *The streaks of rain have only grown larger and more frequent. There's no sign of it stopping any time soon.*
Narration: *The sky, slightly gray and cloudy only minutes ago, is already a sea of uninterrupted black.*
Narration: *In a country town like this, they don't even light the streets properly. The area's already grown dark, as if to exacerbate our unease.*
Narration: *And finally, there's that familiar roar. A sound that always seems to accompany summer downpours.*
Narration: *Thunder can be a frightening thing. I had colleagues with experience on mountain rescue operations who'd cower nervously every time a storm rolled by.*
Narration: *Judging from the sound, it's relatively close. Probably best not to move around too much at the moment.*
Yuuji: Guess we'll have to kill some time here, Sakaki...
Narration: *Turning to my side, I try to make eye contact.*
Yumiko: ......!
Narration: *She doesn't meet my gaze. Her throat moves; I can hear a faint gulp.*
Yuuji: (Come to think of it, this girl had an unexpectedly fearful side...)
Narration: *Should probably reassure her that it can't strike us here.*
Narration: *But just as I'm opening my mouth to speak―*
Yumiko: Kyaaaaaa!!
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko doesn't let other people touch her. And it's completely unthinkable that she'd touch them herself.*
Narration: *When rain falls on her head, she brushes it off. When wind blows in her face, she forces her way stubbornly through it. That's the person I thought she was.*
Narration: *And that's why this doesn't quite feel real to me. Especially after those strangely sweet words of thanks from before. It feels like I've stepped into some oddly realistic dream.*
Yuuji: I see. Seems you really are quite the scaredy-cat, Sakaki...
Narration: *I understood quickly enough - it'd be easiest to pretend that was the reason.*
Narration: *But the fact of the matter is, it's hard to blame this on her naturally fearful side. Something else seems to have taken hold of the young woman trembling in my arms. Something powerful and difficult to understand.*
Yuuji: Sakaki...
Narration: *It's still fairly warm out, but her clothes are wet with rain. Only natural that her body temperature would fall.*
Narration: *I try to convince myself that's the only reason Sakaki's trembling, but it doesn't quite work.*
Yumiko: I'm... I'm sorry... I can't handle this...
Narration: *She finally speaks, wringing the words out of her throat.*
Narration: *Her voice is frail and utterly weak in a way I never would've thought possible from the Sakaki I know.*
Narration: *With that, the last of my strained explanations crumble. This is something new entirely. A side of her I've never seen before.*
Yumiko: I'm scared... I'm scared... I'm scared...
Narration: *Sakaki's cowering in terror.*
Narration: *Even menaced by thugs on a daily basis, even when she couldn't completely hide her fear, she went about her business as usual. But that stubborn, prideful, resolute person seems to have melted away.*
Narration: *All that's left is a frightened, trembling little girl, clinging to me like a life preserver.*
Narration: *A diesel locomotive passes overhead with a loud, sustained roar.*
Narration: *The water that had gathered on top of the bridge rains down to either side; the very air around us seems to shake.*
Narration: *But Sakaki doesn't react. She lies on top of my body, completely motionless except for her trembling, and waits for the thunder to pass...*
Yumiko: ...I'm sorry about that.
Yuuji: Not a problem...
Narration: *I can't bring myself to ask her anything.*
Narration: *There was obviously something behind Sakaki's behavior. But it was such a strong reaction that it feels wrong to ask out of mere curiosity.*
Narration: *The rain slaps heavily on the bridge above; the wind whistles loudly by outside, sometimes driving water into us from the side.*
Narration: *But now that the thunder has passed, Sakaki seems to be gradually regaining her calm.*
Yumiko: I just... can't handle thunder...
Narration: *Cuddling close, Sakaki stares up into my eyes.*
Yumiko: ...Why are you so strong...?
Yuuji: I might look strong to you, but I've never thought of myself that way.
Yumiko: You're strong. Strong enough to live on your own like this...
Yumiko: You don't spend all your time building walls against the outside world... while everything inside crumbles to pieces... You're not like me...
Narration: *On my own, huh...*
Yumiko: ...I'm sorry to ask this sort of thing of you, but...
Yuuji: What is it? Go ahead.
Yumiko: There's something I want you to hear... Would that be all right...?
Yuuji: ...I told you before, didn't I? If you want to talk, I'm willing to listen.
Narration: *Sakaki nods. And in that same small, soft tone, she begins to tell me about herself.*
Narration: *The rain shows no sign of letting up. Her quiet voice flows past me and dissolves into the deepening darkness.*
Narration: *The weakness of those words seems to echo the fragility of the girl in my arms.*

Date: *July 17, 2011, 16:00 - East Beach President's Office*
JB: ―This concludes our investigator's report concerning Sakaki Yumiko-san.
Michiaki: ......
JB: Although she demonstrated a pronounced rejection impulse on first contact, the two have since established a comparatively cordial relationship. Continuing investigation should...
Michiaki: That's enough.
JB: ...All right.
Michiaki: Harudera-san, wasn't it...? Thank you for the update. I believe I now have a firm grasp on the recent developments in that ungrateful child's social life.
JB: I see. In that case, please allow me to excuse myself...
Michiaki: Don't be in such a hurry.
JB: ...Is there something else?
Michiaki: It seems that my intentions haven't quite gotten across to you people.
Michiaki: Allow me to clarify. I wasn't asking your organization to carry out a mere character investigation of my daughter.
JB: By which you mean... what, exactly?
Michiaki: Are you really under the impression that I constructed that ridiculously large facility just to provide my daughter and a handful of other drop-outs with a carefree living environment?
Michiaki: I expect her to reflect on the idiotic stunt that nearly landed her in a courtroom. I want her to reform into an upright human being, prepared to join our East Beach Express Group. And I need this to happen as soon as possible.
JB: ......
Michiaki: But from what you're telling me, the lot of them are idly enjoying a stress-free communal life, while Yumiko herself shows no sign whatsoever of repenting. I've waited long enough, and now I want results.
Michiaki: ...For that purpose, I expect that investigator you people sent in... What was his name again?
JB: It's Kazami Yuuji. President Sakaki, allow me to reiterate that Kazami is not merely an investigator. He's a student first and foremost, acting on our behalf in a private...
Michiaki: Yes, right, that Kazami So-and-So individual. Since you have him in place, I expect you to make use of him to influence events in a more favorable direction.
Michiaki: Specifically, I want Yumiko to correct her antisocial behavior, indicate her willingness to do as she's told, and return home obediently.
JB: ...You may be under some misunderstanding in this regard, but our organization isn't in the business of counselling. Or brainwashing.
JB: Naturally, we do occasionally engage in such things in the course of operations. But as I'm sure you can appreciate, even for a child of the Sakaki family, national assets can't be used quite that freely in pursuit of personal interests...
Michiaki: Harudera-san, listen carefully. This isn't a mere family squabble.
Michiaki: Our East Beach Group has supported this country for one hundred years, and it is absolutely critical that we have a cornerstone for the next generation ready to smoothly inherit that tradition.
JB: ......
Michiaki: I doubt anyone would begrudge you a slight contribution of excess resources in pursuit of that goal.
Michiaki: As I'm sure an individual of your stature must be aware... the taxes we pay, in combination with numerous voluntary "gratuities," make those "operations" of yours a great deal easier to carry out.
JB: ...Outside of the very lowest ranks, there isn't a single person in our organization who doesn't appreciate the significance of your contributions, President Sakaki.
Michiaki: ...Oh, so you do understand? Well then, not to rush, but... do you have any clever ideas as to how we might encourage Yumiko to reform her conduct?
JB: ...That's a rather sudden request, sir.
Michiaki: Well then, how about this? I'll arrange for Yumiko to be attacked. A constant sense of danger should snap her out of that tranquil indolence quickly enough.
Michiaki: Once she's gained an appreciation for how frightening the world outside her sheltered bubble can be, I expect she'll prove more receptive to my words. How about it? A good start, don't you think?
JB: ......
Michiaki: What's the matter? Do you have an objection?
JB: ...No, we'll support you in that strategy. I do have one additional proposal, however...
Michiaki: A proposal?
JB: Yes. I'd like to have our investigator, Kazami Yuuji, act as your daughter's bodyguard.
Michiaki: What're you talking about? How are we supposed to frighten her if she's being protected?
JB: Respectfully, a sudden threat out of nowhere would likely be more confusing than anything else. But by assigning her a bodyguard first, and slowly escalating an atmosphere of crisis...
Michiaki: ...I see. You're saying it would add a greater sense of reality to the danger?
JB: ...Yes.
Michiaki: Very well. I'll leave that element entirely to your discretion, Harudera-san.
JB: Of course. Well then, please excuse me...
Date: *July 18, 2011, 10:00 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *There's no such thing as a "fun job."*
Narration: *Of course, you'll find plenty of people willing to declare that work brings them nothing but joy. But look around them or underneath them, and you'll always find scowling people covered in mud...*
Narration: *More often than not, the person who loves their job is really just the biggest slacker in the office.*
Narration: *Work is unpleasant and often boring. That's why they pay you to do it.*
Narration: *If something you were doing in the first place just naturally becomes your job, you're either a genius, a starving lunatic, or incredibly lucky.*
Makina: Hey, Onii-chan...
Yuuji: What?
Makina: What's th' deal with that "job" of yours, anyway?
Narration: *Unfortunately, I'm none of the above. By most standards, my occupation is just about the last thing you could describe as "fun."*
Narration: *It requires steady, rigid discipline. There's no tolerance for failure, but even in success you'll never see the spotlight. On top of it all, it demands specialist expertise, extensive experience, and training even when off-duty.*
Yuuji: It's a little hard to summarize, but... I guess you could call me a "craftsman" of sorts.
Makina: A craftsman...? Like a sushi chef? Or one of those guys who makes th' little fittings for foldin' fans? That sorta thing?
Yuuji: Well, I guess those would be the typical examples, but...
Narration: *Craftsman is a pretty vague term. There's quite a range of people who fall under that umbrella.*
Narration: *Although you tend to think of those working with material objects as in Makina's examples, there are some who engage in more abstract forms of workmanship. And the "craftsman" in my line of work deal in the most formless thing of all.*
Yuuji: Anyway, uh... what's with the sudden interest in my job, after all this time? Hardly that interesting a subject.
Makina: Ac'shully, everybody in th' school's hella curious.
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Sachi: It's just as Maki-chan says.
Amane: Indeed!
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Not that I'm constantly acting, but... I have been trying to keep my behavior fairly "normal," so as to avoid projecting the atmosphere characteristic of my occupation.*
Narration: *Even so, it seems there's a degree of stiff artificiality to my performance that may have an equally unsettling effect on my classmates. A deeply regrettable failure on my part.*
Michiru: Yeah, that's right! I can't really tell what your deal is, you know?
Michiru: You throw these big words around all casually, and you can run like fifty miles without breaking a sweat, and you're always making fun of me...
Sachi: Michiru-sama, I feel obligated to point out that the final item on your list does not indicate a trait peculiar to Kazami-san.
Michiru: Wha? T-That's not true! I mean, the guy's always talking to me like I'm an idiot, or calling me a "newly-discovered mystery lifeform" or whatever... I swear, wouldn't know "tact" if it hit him over the head...
Amane: Well, I'm afraid Yuuji's commentary regarding Michiru is mostly justified. If a bit on the tactless side.
Michiru: Wait! Now you, Amane!? Enemies all around me! Atchoo, Glutus!?
Sachi: The phrase is "Et tu, Brute," Michiru-sama. I'm terribly sorry, but it would be best for you to stay silent for the moment...
Michiru: Huh...? Ah... uuu...
Makina: There, there, nothin' to be shocked speechless about. Here, I'll give ya a nice banana to gnaw on.
Michiru: What the heck! Now you're making fun of me, Makina!? Why a friggin' banana, anyway!? Am I supposed to be a banana-freak just because my hair's yellow!?
Sachi: A yellowish hair color leading to a fondness for bananas...? What an exceptionally novel hypothesis. Michiru-sama, at this moment I am truly glad I chose to follow you.
Michiru: If you're "following" me, then how about backing me up once in a while!? Ukkiiiii!!
Sachi: Ukiii...? Amazing... You're truly without peer, Michiru-sama...
Yuuji: ...So, uh, are you guys done asking me questions now...?
Narration: *There haven't been many cases since my arrival at this school when I was grateful to Michiru, but her ability to rapidly derail conversations is truly welcome at times like these.*
Yuuji: Hm...?
Narration: *But just as I'm about to wrap things up and make my leave, a cell phone rings in my pocket. Unfortunate timing.*
Narration: *I slide it out and check the caller ID panel.*
Yuuji: ...JB, huh...?
Narration: *Most contact from JB in any form means a business discussion.*
Narration: *Accordingly, I'm always careful not to answer her calls when the others are in earshot.*
Narration: *I leave the dorm and walk a few paces before hitting the answer button and bringing the phone to my ear.*
Yuuji: ...It's me.
Narration: *You'll have better luck finding the proverbial free lunch than a job that's genuinely "fun."*
Narration: *And mine is certainly no exception to the rule...*

Date: *July 18, 2011, 14:28 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *When you live in a communal residence, you're always going to find some people you hit it off with and some who're harder to handle.*
Narration: *Ideally, you find points of compromise and stay on cordial terms even with the difficult residents. One of those under- appreciated little skills that gets you ahead in life. Unfortunately, I don't possess it.*
Narration: *In this dorm, I guess Amane would be first on the list in terms of friendliness, although in her case it's less "hitting it off" and more "hitting on"...*
Narration: *Next in line would be Sachi, but she's got some abnormal quirks that can be tricky to handle, so her rank falls slightly.*
Narration: *Makina and Michiru have a hard time even holding coherent conversations, making it a little hard to evaluate if we think in similar ways...*
Narration: *But if I humor them with a little attention they'll start chattering away all on their own, so in a sense they're easy enough to deal with.*
Narration: *I might not be blessed with much in the way of social skills, but even I can interact with those four without particular difficulty.*
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *This girl, however, is a different story.*
Narration: *We were on seriously hostile footing from the very start, and our frequent chance encounters in the dorm haven't helped. There's still a sense of tension in the air when we run into each other.*
Narration: *Granted, that's a bit of an improvement compared to the way she used to slash at me with a box cutter on sight, but her attitude's remained stubbornly standoffish. There's no sign of a real thaw in relations.*
Yumiko: ...Are the others out today?
Narration: *Looking around the area in a slightly forced way, Sakaki mutters those words without particularly directing them at me.*
Yuuji: Amane's out shopping with Makina. Said they'll be back this evening. The principal called Sachi to run an errand for the school. Haven't seen Michiru all day.
Narration: *When I answer, she glances at my face for a brief moment.*
Yumiko: ...I see.
Narration: *The conversation dies there. Sakaki once again begins moving her eyes across the pages of a novel I'm sure she already finished reading.*
Narration: *We may not talk much, but I've learned enough about Sakaki over the last few months to say that we've got a surprising amount in common.*
Narration: *We both enjoy reading and don't mind spending time alone. We're both prone to mull things over in languid sky-gazing sessions on rooftops.*
Narration: *But "similarity" doesn't have much to do with hitting it off with someone. When it's two similarly unsociable types like us, it's easy for conversations to stagnate awkwardly.*
Narration: *Asymmetrical interactions where people compliment each other through contrast actually make for a much more harmonious atmosphere.*
Yumiko: .........
Narration: *Every once in a while, Sakaki's eyes flick up off the page to shoot a quick glance in my direction.*
Narration: *Might sound like a girl in love trying to secretively keep an eye on her crush, but the reality's less idyllic. She seems to be trying to figure out how to extricate herself from this awkward situation.*
Narration: *Although Sakaki's clearly bothered by the heavy silence in the air, I don't find it that uncomfortable. After piling the four books I brought from my room on the table, I lean back on one elbow and begin to work my way through the first.*
Narration: *It'd probably be more considerate for me to take the initiative and leave, but owing to certain circumstances, that's not going to happen this time.*
Yumiko: ...Excuse me.
Narration: *Apparently reaching the limits of her endurance, Sakaki abruptly drops her book onto the coffee table and stands up.*
Narration: *Before I can even react, she turns to three o'clock and starts to walk away.*
Narration: *Looking up from my book, I call out a question before she can make her getaway.*
Yuuji: You going somewhere?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki's progress pauses, but after a moment she walks off without so much as turning around.*
Narration: *Her slippers squeak against the hallway floor with an orderly rhythm reminiscent of a soldier on the march.*
Yuuji: All right then...
Narration: *Snapping my book shut, I rise quietly from my seat and begin to walk off in the same direction.*
Narration: *With a steady regular gait, just like Sakaki's - following in her footsteps.*
Date: *July 18, 2011, 12:00 - "Ichigaya"*
Yuuji: ...You want me to play bodyguard?
JB: Yes. Sakaki Yumiko-san's, specifically. You're familiar with her, aren't you?
Yuuji: I'm familiar with her name and face. Other than that, my information's pretty limited.
JB: Hmmm, no kidding. I was convinced you'd been learning all sorts of things...
Yuuji: I have no idea what you're trying to imply, but she's just a classmate. And we're not particularly close.
JB: ...In that case, I suppose we'll have to educate you somewhat. Here, these are the case materials.
Narration: *JB picked up a thick file from her desk and passed it to me.*
Narration: *It contained a bulky bundle of A4-size documents. The first page had a photograph of Sakaki's face, along with some simple bullet points concerning her background.*
Narration: *I did receive a very basic overview of the girl's personal circumstances when her father visited the school...*
Narration: *At a glance, those pages didn't contain much beyond what I'd already heard from the principal. But the fact that we had a file on her in the first place reinforced my impression of Sakaki's importance.*
Yuuji: I see. With a background like this, I suppose a bodyguard or two might be warranted.
JB: Indeed. She may be a normal classmate to you, but the circumstances surrounding her are tangled and potentially dangerous...
Yuuji: So it would seem.
JB: Numerous parties have their eyes on her as the only child of the East Beach Group's president. And since the girl seems particularly fond of solitude, the risk of a potential kidnapping can no longer be ignored.
Yuuji: Makes sense so far, but... you want me to protect her by myself?
JB: She'd likely object to any elaborate measures. And even if we could assign ten random security police to look after her, I doubt they'd be worth one of you.
Yuuji: Don't overestimate me too much. It'll end up biting you in the ass.
JB: I'm not in the habit of overestimating anyone. Kazami Yuuji. As of 1200 hours today, you're to officially commence this duty. Should disturbances arise, you are authorized to suppress them with force.
Yuuji: ...Understood.
Narration: *The reason I've begun poking my nose into Sakaki's life to the point of following her around―*
Narration: *It's not a manifestation of any personal feelings on my part, but rather the result of a perfectly legitimate "order" handed down to me in a professional capacity.*
Narration: *Since I've been employed in this role, I fully intend to approach it seriously. In my line of work your orders have absolute priority, even when a job happens to involve a close friend or relative.*
Narration: *And protecting a classmate from approaching threats is something I'd do without being asked, so I didn't have any real reason to refuse this particular position.*
Narration: *Through this rather abrupt sequence of events, I assumed the role of Sakaki Yumiko's bodyguard. Without her knowledge.*
Narration: *However... although I'd anticipated as much from the start, the mission in question quickly encountered a number of practical difficulties.*
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Yo. Where are you off to?
Yumiko: ...For some reason, you've been asking me that question a great deal lately.
Yuuji: Have I?
Yumiko: In any case... where I'm going, if anywhere, has absolutely nothing to do with you. Goodbye...
Yumiko: ...Excuse me. You are aware that I can't leave when you're standing there, yes?
Yuuji: Yeah. So where are you headed again? Didn't catch it the first time.
Yumiko: You're being extremely persistent. Wherever I'm heading is none of your business, is it? Will you please just step aside?
Yuuji: Why? Going somewhere in a hurry?
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*
Yumiko: ...I'm going down by the station. To a used bookstore. Where I'm planning to buy a book I've had my eye on for a while. Title: "A History of Russian Folk Instruments." Author: Komuro Juusei. Satisfied now?
Yuuji: That so? Good to know. All right, you're free to go.
Yumiko: ...Listen to me. It's got nothing to do with you, and I certainly don't need your permission...!
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...Okay then, let's go...
Yumiko: ...What, you again?
Yuuji: Why the "again?" Not like we run across each other that often.
Yumiko: Perhaps it's just a coincidence, but I have the feeling these one-on-one encounters are becoming much more frequent lately...
Yuuji: Just your imagination. By the way, you headed anywhere in particular?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...What on earth does it matter?
Yuuji: Oh. Somewhere you can't tell me about? Everything all right?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...If you hadn't noticed, I was trying to ignore you and walk off. Is there some reason you went around and cut me off?
Yuuji: Well, you didn't answer the question. Pretty rude.
Yumiko: ...Look. Can't you, I don't know, make an educated guess about the circumstances from my attitude?
Yuuji: Those "circumstances" are what I'm asking about. If there's some kind of a problem, then―
Yumiko: I'm visiting the bathroom!
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ...Now do you understand why I didn't feel like explaining myself to you?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I believe I have a solid grasp of the situation. My apologies. Enjoy your trip.
Yumiko: ......!
Yuuji: She's really on guard... Well, not that you can blame her.
Narration: *From the moment I began putting my instructions into practice, Sakaki's gotten a great deal more wary around me.*
Narration: *The reason, of course, is my abrupt intrusion into her bubble of isolation.*
Narration: *It's entirely understandable. When someone who hasn't demonstrated much interest in you suddenly develops an acute interest in your movements, anybody would get a little suspicious.*
Narration: *But since I'm acting on orders here, retreating outside of her comfort zone isn't an option...*
Date: *July 21, 2011, 17:40 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Sachi: Two, three, four... All right then, I'll be buying this. Every last share.
Makina: Ah, sheesh. Fer real? C'mon, Sacchin, if ya land there th' game ain't even gonna be competitive...
Michiru: H-Hold on, Sachi... you're buying up the railroad? Wait, no, I'll seriously go bankrupt! Cut me a break here!
Sachi: I feel your pain, Michiru-sama. I truly do.
Sachi: Through my seizure of this railroad line, your last glimmer of hope will be utterly snuffed out. No matter how the dice fall, only a life of exploitation at my hands awaits you...
Sachi: But there's nothing to be done. This is a game. Should I stay my hand out of mercy, the time we have invested into earnest competition would be rendered truly meaningless.
Sachi: Do you understand? I take this action for you, Michiru-sama. It may be painful for now, but please grit your teeth and endure...
Michiru: ...Where the heck did you pick up that "pain is pleasure" philosophy? You sound like a friggin' dominatrix...
Michiru: I mean, forget "enduring" or whatever, if you steal that from me it's just game over! Come oooon!
Sachi: I buy it all.
Michiru: Gyaaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *After returning from class, I was immediately "invited" to participate in playing a board game of Makina's. Not that I was given much choice in the matter.*
Narration: *It's based off a simple dice movement game. Depending on the square you land on, there are options to purchase stocks or property, and with development you can extract rent on others who pass through. That's the basic outline, anyway.*
Narration: *Makina seemed pretty confident she'd win, but once we actually got started, Sachi picked up the strategy with fearsome speed. She's been slowly, cruelly squeezing the cash out of us like juice from a grapefruit.*
Makina: Yer a mega-sadist, Sacchin. Chiruchiru's seriously lost her road through life...
Michiru: Uhhm... one would be Sachi, two would be Yuuji, three is Makina, four, five, six are all Sachi... Gah, it's no good, I'm trapped...
Makina: Whoooa, it's true... wherever ya land, yer money's goin' straight down the drain.
Yuuji: Why don't you just sell those stocks you've been hoarding away so stubbornly? They're only slowing you down.
Michiru: Those stocks are my money tree! The bonus from cashing them in at the end of the game can totally flip the rankings on their head!
Sachi: Ah, with my purchase of the railroad Michiru-sama's stocks have crashed rather severely. Utterly wiped out, in fact. Not even worth the paper they're printed on.
Michiru: <Noooooooooooooo!!!>
Narration: *In particular, Michiru's being economically annihilated on a scale that reminds one of the old Soviet Union's downfall.*
Narration: *Guess her luck's just terrible, but it seems like every time the girl makes a move she ends up falling into a trap of Sachi's and forking over her liquid cash.*
Narration: *If this game were taking place in a mahjong salon or something, I'd be seriously wondering about weighted dice at this point.*
Michiru: Just forget it... Struggle on as best you can, everyone... My life is already over...
Sachi: With this asset secured, it seems that I'm well on my way to another victory.
Makina: I wanna chip away at Sacchin's resources somehow, but thanks to a certain doofus who keeps feedin' her cash, it's like spittin' into the wind.
Michiru: ...My stocks... My poor, innocent stocks...
Yuuji: The outcome of the battle's already been decided. Just give in...
Narration: *In that moment, just as we all stood on the brink of abandoning resistance against our dominant foe―*
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Sakaki strides quietly out the front door without so much as a glance in our direction.*
Yuuji: ...I'm going out for a while.
Makina: Huh? Hold on, Onii-chan, we're still in th' middle of the game!
Yuuji: Yeah, just remembered something I have to do for work. Sorry to skip out early. You three finish the game without me, all right?
Makina: Just the three of us? What're we supposed to do with your stuff?
Yuuji: How about one of you take over my position? It'll be a good exercise in parallel processing, right?
Yuuji: Anyway, see you later.
Makina: Grm... we ain't playing a video game here, ya know? Not like we can flip a switch ta put you in COM mode. What a friggin' pain...
Sachi: Well, work has to take priority, Maki-chan. Why don't we just wrap this up peacefully by declaring me the winner?
Michiru: ...My stocks... My stooocks...
Amane: I'm back. So, uh, I just saw Yuuji run off. He going somewhere?
Makina: Ran off ta god-knows-where chasin' a woman's butt...
Amane: A woman...? W-Who's that, exactly?
Makina: Ol' bony-butt the broody.
Amane: ...What, Sakaki-san? You'd better watch it with that. Things would get seriously ugly if she overheard.
Sachi: Shortly after Sakaki-san left the dorm, Kazami-san followed without giving a specific reason for his departure.
Amane: ...Does Yuuji really like his butts that scrawny...? Gotta say, he has been acting pretty weird around Sakaki-san lately.
Sachi: I have to agree with you on that. He's been expressing uncharacteristic curiosity about her destination every time they come across each other...
Makina: Just th' other day, I saw him grillin' Yumi-chan when she was tryin' to go to the friggin' bathroom. She weren't too pleased.
Amane: ...It's a little hard to believe when we're talking about Yuuji, but frankly, that sounds kind of stalker-ish...
Michiru: Aaagh... this path's hopeless... No, but this one's even worse...
Amane: ...Incidentally, is there some reason Michiru's moaning like an invalid?
Yumiko: ...This, and... ah, I was out of that as well...
Narration: *Talking to herself softly, Sakaki picks her way through a shelf of art supplies.*
Narration: *Her outing to the station area was evidently an extremely minor errand. Seems like she's just replenishing her stock of artistic materials.*
Narration: *Mishima Cape gets a fair amount of traffic, but it's still a small city. There are plenty of inconspicuous blind spots and back alleys where threats could be lurking.*
Narration: *I keep a diligent eye on Sakaki from behind, checking for suspicious characters among the other customers and watching for any vans nearby that might be used for a "grab and run" as she leaves.*
Yumiko: ...Oh, it's gotten rather dark out.
Narration: *After killing a little time rummaging around in a used bookstore, Sakaki glances up at the dark purple sky and makes her way out of the store.*
Narration: *Slipping her newly-purchased paperback into the paper bag with her art supplies, she sets off on the road back to the school with the same steady pace as always.*
Narration: *Following from a distance, I jot down a few quick notes on today's events in a pocket-sized memo book.*
Yuuji: Abnormalities in the subject's vicinity... None worth noting, I guess...
Narration: *Today in particular, everything seemed reassuringly normal.*
Date: *July 22, 2011, 15:15 - Mihama Academy - Classroom*
Principal: All right. Let's leave it at that for today.
Principal: Whoever's on day duty, please make sure to lock up the classroom and bring the key back!
Amane: Aaah, it's over at last. Hey, Makina, I'm going straight out to do a little shopping today. Come along and help me out.
Makina: Yeah, gotcha! But luggin' the toilet paper around makes my fingers hurt, so that's yer job, okay?
Michiru: By the way, Sachi, were you the one who took out that stuff I left in the laundry room this morning?
Sachi: Well, yes. Large quantities of your underwear had been left negligently scattered about the place, so I collected them and put everything in order. Was that problematic in some way...?
Michiru: ...I was going to say thank you, but for some reason it just got a lot harder!
Amane: ...You better watch your step, Michiru. Technically, we're not an all-female household anymore.
Michiru: Yeah, I know! That's why I...
Yumiko: ...Excuse me, everyone.
Yuuji: ...All right, see you all later.
Amane: ......
Sachi: ......
Michiru: ......
Makina: ...Yet again with th' butt-chasin'...
Amane: What is this, the fourth day in a row? How long is this afterschool stalking fun-time going to last?
Michiru: That's got a kind of dirty ring to it... What with the "afterschool" and the "fun-time" and everything...
Sachi: I believe that's because your mind is saturated with filthy delusions, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Excuse me!? I wasn't thinking dirty thoughts! I just imagined some dirty-ish stuff for a second, that's all!
Amane: ...Uhm, sure, whatever you say. Moving right along... At this point, it really seems like something more than just curiosity on his part, right?
Makina: I'm dyin' to know why he's chasin' that ice-cold robot-girl around alluva sudden.
Michiru: Then why don't you ask Yuuji to his face?
Sachi: For one thing, I doubt Kazami-san would answer...
Amane: Probably not. Yuuji doesn't really tell lies, but when he decides to keep something to himself, it's impossible to pry it out of him.
Michiru: Gaaah, but now it's really bugging me. What the heck is he thinking? Why would he just turn into a stalker overnight!? It makes no sense! And why Yumiko, of all people!?
Sachi: Michiru-sama, if you think too hard about this your brain will likely melt down. When pondering such matters, try to proceed in a slow and careful fashion to avoid overheating.
Michiru: Can you not talk about my brain like it's some kind of cheap-ass imported machinery!?
Amane: Well, I do understand where you're coming from. Once you start thinking about this, it's hard to stop... but we don't really have any way of knowing what's going on...
Makina: ...In that case, we've got no choice but ta investy-gate!
Amane: Investy...
Sachi: Gate...?
Michiru: Uh, how are we supposed to do that, exactly?
Makina: If we can't ask the guy to his face, then we've got no choice but to gather information and devise our own hy-pothy-siss. Lend me yer spare key, Ama-nee.
Amane: Wait, you want to start rummaging around in Yuuji's room?
Michiru: U-Uh, I don't know if that's such a good idea...
Makina: What's th' big deal? We're talkin' about Onii-chan here. He wouldn't leave evidence lyin' around his room if it was anything fishy. Not like it's gonna kill us to take a look-see. Right, Sacchin!?
Sachi: Indeed. I see no reason to delay. Why don't we begin our investigation this evening?
Amane: ...Gaaah. Don't come crying to me later...
Michiru: L-Leave me out of this! I didn't say a thing! No comment!
Makina: Sacchin, I think yer aware, but startin' now you're under my command. Refer to me as "Captain" for th' duration of this mission!
Sachi: Sir!
Makina: Very good. Have ya got the goods I asked you to bring?
Sachi: Sir! We're fully supplied with gloves to avoid leaving fingerprints. I've also brought a portable light capable of producing 1000 lumens!
Makina: Awwright! Let's begin th' investigation!
Sachi: Sir!
Makina: ...One heckuva dreary room, as always...
Sachi: There isn't much here, but at least it isn't cluttered. Where shall we begin working, Captain?
Makina: Hm. Can't just start pullin' out drawers and rustlin' around, or Onii-chan's gonna get ticked off... Let's start with th' more con-spick-you-us places.
Sachi: Sir!
Sachi: There's nothing here, Captain...
Makina: ...Yep, I'm not seein' anythin' either...
Sachi: I thoroughly searched the top of his desk, the trash bin, and under the bed, but couldn't locate any pornographic material.
Makina: Woulda be fun to see Ama-nee's reaction if we found a mag with a centerfold that looks like Yumi-chan, but that sorta interestin' stuff just ain't anywhere to be found...
Sachi: Perhaps we have no choice but to ask Kazami-san after all...
Makina: Welp, let's just get outta here for th' moment. Things'd get kinda messy if Onii-chan came home, an' with this sorta investigation you gotta know when to quit.
Sachi: Hmm? Captain, what did you just step on...?
Makina: Huh...? Ah, whassis, a memo book...?
Makina: ......
Sachi: Captain...?
Makina: ...Paydirt.
Sachi: ...Huh?
Date: *July 23, 2011, 13:20 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Amane: ...So, Makina memorized everything in Yuuji's notebook on the spot, then typed it up on the PC?
Makina: Couldn't eggs-actly walk outta the room with it, after all!
Sachi: Well, yes... but it's rather amazing that you could just memorize it like that, Maki-chan...
Amane: ...Good work. I think. Maybe. Uhm, you guys didn't do anything else in there, right? I'm the one who loaned you the key and all, so, well...
Makina: Hurry up an' read it already! It's some pretty crrrrazy stuff, ya know?
Amane: Don't ignore me! ...Okay, Michiru, you sure jumped right into reading that. I thought you wanted nothing to do with this...?Uh, Michiru?
Michiru: ...What... IS this...?
Amane: Huh? What? Give it here... Let's see. July 18th: Weather fine, but waves high. Today was a holiday, so there were many civilians in the street. No noteworthy events... Uhm, okay. What's so bad about this?
Sachi: The problem... lies thereafter, Amane-san.
Michiru: Yeah, there after...
Amane: There's more? Uhhhm, Sakaki Yumiko's movements. 14:28, left her room in the dorm. Questioned her at the entrance, after which she went out. 15:53, returned home, went straight to the second floor and entered her room...
Amane: Uh, hold on, is this, er...?
Makina: It is indeed...
Sachi: Yes... the memo book contained extensive records concerning his surveillance of Sakaki-san...
Amane: ......
Amane: ...W-Well, for the time being, I'll keep going... July 19, 20:12. Left her room and went outside. Made her way to the convenience store using inconspicuous back roads.
Amane: Although she approached the vicinity of the over-18 magazine counter, after four minutes frozen to the spot she heaved a single sigh. Proceeded to purchase a single cheap pudding and go home.
Amane: Just as she was approaching the dorm, realized that they'd forgotten to give her a spoon. Quietly expressed her resentment toward a certain clerk...
Michiru: July 20, 17:44. While loitering around the campus, abruptly began humming to herself in a third-floor corridor. After about ten seconds, she grew self-conscious and stopped.
Michiru: After carefully looking around her and confirming no one was nearby, resumed her previous humming at an increased volume. 18:34, returned to the dorm with an oddly exhausted expression on her face.
Makina: July 21, 18:18. Rummaged through a wagon sale outside the used bookstore by the station for 26 minutes, then headed to the art supplies store next door. Examined the colored pencils shelf, ultimately purchasing one box.
Sachi: July 22, 7:54. Subject suddenly left the dormitory lobby for no apparent reason. Asked where she was going, but received no response. I proceeded to follow her at a distance.
Sachi: Her destination was the visitor's bathroom. Based on the time she spent inside, her objective was likely urination.
Amane: ...This thing is, uh... ridiculously detailed...
Sachi: He followed her around practically every day, asking where she was going at every opportunity, and recorded the results...
Amane: Uuh, so in other words, this is... well...
Amane: ...Pretty much stalking, isn't it...?
Sachi: It's hard to call it anything else...
Michiru: Yuuji, of all people...
Makina: A shockin' truth was waitin' for us...
Yumiko: ...What an extremely interesting discussion.
Amane: Uwaaah!
Sachi: Hyah...!
Makina: Geh! Yumiko!
Yumiko: ...I'm not Guan Yu, so spare me the "Geh." Now then, about those notes. You're quite sure they're Kazami-kun's work?
Michiru: Y-Yes, yep, yeah, t-that's right!
Makina: We snuck into his room an' copied this stuff from his memo book, so it's gotta be.
Sachi: It's certainly hard to imagine anyone else wrote this, I'm afraid.
Yumiko: I see. In that case, I suppose there's nothing for it...
Yumiko: ...What nerve. And in such detail... Even the times I thought I was alone... The humming... and the pudding, too...
Yumiko: ...I'm going to take this off your hands. Assuming you have no objections...?
Michiru: G-G-G-G-Guh, go right ahead!! By all means!!
Yumiko: ...You'll pay for this, Kazami Yuuji!
Michiru: T-This is really bad! What the heck do we do now!?
Sachi: Sakaki-san had bloody murder in her eyes, didn't she?
Amane: But, well... what're you gonna do? Yuuji pretty much owes her an explanation after all that...
Makina: Captain Creepo can fend fer himself!
Amane: Wow, okay, that was blunt... I mean, not that I completely disagree. Never would have guessed Yuuji was into this sort of stuff.
Michiru: I-I'm SO not dealing with this! Don't come crying to me if it turns into a total disaster!
Amane: Michiru's such a worrywart... But seriously, I wonder why Yuuji did this in the first place?
Sachi: Romantic feelings, perhaps...?
Amane: That would be the obvious guess, but it's Yuuji we're talking about here. If he really did fall in love with someone, I think he'd be a lot more upfront about it.
Makina: Yep. Onii-chan seems more the full-court press type. Less stalking, more pin ya down and have his way with you.
Amane: ...You really don't mince words. Uhm, well, yeah. I think Yuuji would just come out and tell somebody if he had feelings for them, you know?
Sachi: That's true as well...
Amane: In any case, he's no doubt getting a thorough interrogation at the hands of a vicious ogre right about now. We'll just have to see what happens...
Yumiko: ...Would you mind explaining yourself?
Narration: *Bursting onto the rooftop, Sakaki strides up to me with a look of pure fury on her face, then hurls a bundle of paper in my general direction.*
Yuuji: Putting that aside for the moment, can you retract that blade before we talk?
Narration: *And in her left hand, the girl's holding her fully-extended box cutter.*
Narration: *Her knuckles are white; even from a few meters away, I can see her hand trembling.*
Yumiko: That depends entirely on your response. Hurry up and explain yourself!
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...Who did this? Makina? Sachi?
Yumiko: What on earth does that matter? I'm asking you a very simple question! Why are you following me around like some kind of a stalker!?
Narration: *I did stow the documents from JB about Sakaki's personal data inside a securely locked drawer. There's not much risk they found those...*
Narration: *But my notes on Sakaki's movements didn't contain anything problematic from a professional perspective, so I wasn't nearly as careful with them. Obviously a serious mistake.*
Narration: *I'll have to punish the trespassers later, but at the moment there's a more immediate problem to deal with.*
Yumiko: Well!? What do you have to say for yourself!? I expect an answer!
Yuuji: It's pretty simple. I was asked to guard you, that's all.
Yumiko: Wha...?
Narration: *The rage on Sakaki's face instantly changes to utter confusion.*
Narration: *Not waiting for her to process the remark, I continue my explanation.*
Yuuji: Your father, Sakaki Michiaki, contacted my employer. After determining that your personal safety was at risk, they made arrangements for your protection.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: I've been assigned to the job, so knowing where you are at all times is my responsibility. I'll apologize if you found it disturbing...
Narration: *Sakaki's sharp glare falters; her eyes drop to the ground at her feet. Gripping her knife even more firmly than before, she mutters something too quietly for me to hear.*
Yuuji: Sakaki...?
Narration: *Gradually, her voice grows louder, until at last a few words squeeze their way out of her mouth.*
Yumiko: ...Not necessary.
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Narration: *Sakaki's eyes flash up to meet mine once more.*
Yumiko: ...That's not necessary. I don't know what my father told you, but a bodyguard is the last thing I need.
Yuuji: ...You're the daughter of the East Beach Group's president. That places you in a dangerous position. If you keep walking around without any security, eventually...
Yumiko: I don't particularly mind if someone does come for me...
Yumiko: What's the worst that could happen? I end up dead?
Yuuji: Uh... what?
Yumiko: Let them kill me, then... Suits me fine.
Narration: *I can still see the anger in Sakaki's face, but it's changed.*
Narration: *There's a hint of something reckless and indifferent in her expression. Something like resignation.*
Yumiko: ...It's not as though this life's anything worth protecting...
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: In any case, stop this nonsense immediately.
Narration: *With those words, Sakaki turns and leaves the roof.*
Yuuji: ...The hell was that about...?
Narration: *I can understand that having someone follow you around would be unpleasant.*
Narration: *But the reason Sakaki refused my protection doesn't seem to have much to do with that.*
Narration: *The woman talks like she's completely disinterested in her own safety...*
Narration: *Of course, I was ordered to protect her, so I'm going to continue doing so. But it's unsettling to hear her talk like that. Left a bad taste in my mouth.*
Narration: *The documents I was given on Sakaki Yumiko contained extensive information on her current situation, but there was very little concerning her past or that of the East Beach Group.*
Narration: *This borderline self-destructive attitude clearly didn't come from nowhere. I just don't have enough information to make sense of it.*
Narration: *For now, the only thing I can do is take care of the job I was assigned...*

Date: *July 25, 2011, 10:00 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *Can't say if this applies to more typical student dormitories, but in this place there isn't that dramatic a difference in atmosphere between school days and vacation days.*
Narration: *The residents wear casual clothes instead of school uniforms. That's about it.*
Narration: *Days off aren't really that much of an "upper," and weekdays aren't that strong a "downer." The energy level around here appears to stay pretty much constant.*
Narration: *Amane's always thrusting her tits out, Makina's constantly babbling away in dubious Japanese, Sachi never fails to offer perfect service with a superficially polite smile, and Michiru's an idiot 24/7.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Likewise, this woman's expressions don't change much no matter what the calendar reads.*
Narration: *Gazing at the clouds outside the window, she reaches tentatively toward an umbrella, then hesitates. After a moment, the pattern repeats itself.*
Narration: *Eventually, she picks up the tote bag sitting at her side, shoots a few cautious glances around the area, and begins to ease open the front door as quietly as possible.*
Yuuji: Yo.
Yumiko: ......!!!
Narration: *Sakaki twitches like a startled cat. Slowly, stiffly, she turns to face me.*
Yuuji: Going out, I see? Just so you know, the weather won't turn bad until late tonight. Have a safe trip.
Yumiko: ...Are you planning to follow me around today as well?
Narration: *Despite my considerate umbrella-related tip, the woman's expression is now one of clear hostility.*
Yuuji: It's my job, after all.
Yumiko: I told you not to bother, didn't I? How much clearer can I be about this? I don't need or want a bodyguard, so please stop following me around.
Yuuji: ...Sorry, but whether you think it's necessary doesn't really matter. The objective evaluation was that you're in danger. And more importantly, I have orders from the main...
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...All right then. Time to go, I guess.
Sachi: ...This is the third day in a row, isn't it?
Amane: I know it's got something to do with Yuuji's job or whatever, but... I gotta say, it must be pretty rough having to follow her around after getting shot down that hard.
Makina: Major pain in th' posterior.
Michiru: But why's she getting a bodyguard in the first place? Was there anything that dangerous going on around her? I mean, I know she's a real rich girl and all, but still...
Amane: Who knows? Things might've changed. But I doubt Yuuji or Sakaki-san are going to tell us any of the details...
Sachi: Then I suppose all we can do is watch over them from afar for now.
Amane: I guess so. Just have to hope things don't take a turn for the grisly in the meantime.
Sachi: Michiru-sama, I notice that you're cocking your head in puzzlement. Allow me to explain just to be on the safe side. In this context, "grisly" refers not to a large and ferocious variety of bear, but rather to gruesome bloodshed.
Michiru: I know that! I wasn't even thinking about bears! I just kinda didn't know what it meant!
Amane: ...That really ain't much better.
Narration: *The place where Sakaki spends her off days isn't far from the academy.*
Narration: *Follow the footpath from our front gate until it turns to the south, then walk 300 meters or so along the prefectural road down to the sea, and you're there.*
Narration: *There are few obstacles and nothing in the way of blind spots, so it's not much of a challenge as an observer.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakai's been shooting frequent looks over her shoulder in my direction ever since we left.*
Narration: *I'd guess sixty percent of the reason is her hoping to find some opportunity to slip away and escape my surveillance. The other forty's pure anger.*
Narration: *As for concern on behalf of her bodyguard... clearly not even a single percent.*
Narration: *In fact, the day after I admitted the truth, Sakaki tried to run away from me the moment she saw my face.*
Narration: *The girl's only an amateur, so naturally it didn't take long for me to catch up. But since then she's been constantly watching for another chance. Can't be too careless.*
Narration: *Easy enough to catch up to her after she bolts, but there's always a possibility someone will attack her in the meantime. Far safer to constantly keep an eye on her.*
Yumiko: ...You're certainly focused.
Yuuji: I'm on the job, after all. They'll cut my wages if I slack off.
Narration: *Sakaki heaves another heavy sigh, then heads for her destination with a slightly quickened gait.*
Narration: *Easily matching her pace, I follow in silence.*
Narration: *After less than ten minutes of walking, we arrive at the riverbank.*
Narration: *The river's called the Shinozaki - a smaller class B river that flows down to the coast at Mishima Cape. Since we're close to where it meets the sea, it's fairly wide here, with a moderately sized bank on either side.*
Narration: *Not too far away, one of the East Beach Express lines owned by Sakaki's family cuts across the water. Every thirty minutes or so, a two-car diesel train rumbles across the iron bridge.*
Yumiko: *Sigh*...
Narration: *Exhaling softly, Sakaki lowers the tote bag in her hand to the grassy ground.*
Narration: *She settles herself down next to it, retrieves colored pencils from inside, then props her B4 size sketchbook against her knees.*
Narration: *And looking straight out at the scenery before her, she begins intently moving her pencils across the paper.*
Narration: *I only learned this after becoming Sakaki's guard, but the reason she abruptly leaves the campus for hours at a time is a very simple one. She draws pictures.*
Narration: *Maybe she didn't want her classmates to know about her hobby. Maybe there's some other reason. Either way, I'm just glad she wasn't coming into contact with any strange characters.*
Narration: *In that scenario, there would've been a lot of troublesome preliminary "cleanup" to take care of...*
Narration: *But JB probably would've warned me if the girl was up to anything too risky, so I'd never been that worried about her activities. More like mildly curious.*
Yumiko: ...Not as many clouds as before. Bit of a different feeling...
Narration: *Sakaki's approach to her art is straightforward and orthodox. She begins by roughly sketching out the scene in general, then proceeds to fill in details little by little.*
Narration: *She's not quite on the level of a dedicated art student, but judging from what I've seen of her work, the girl has a good amount of talent and skill.*
Narration: *That said, I don't have much of an eye for art. I can tell she's good on a technical level, but I don't have many other impressions.*
Narration: *Even if I did, expressing them would probably only irritate Sakaki further.*
Yuuji: ...Nice weather.
Narration: *Hanging back far enough not to get in Sakaki's way, I look up into the sky, feeling the sun beating down on my face.*
Narration: *The latter half of July is always pretty hot, especially in this area. Nice refreshing scenery and all, but it's not the most pleasant season.*
Narration: *Drops of sweat. The blazing summer sun. A vibrant picture taking shape...*
Narration: *I shake my head to dispel the shadowy wisps of memory floating to the surface of my mind, then return my attention to the subject of my surveillance.*
Narration: *The sun sinks to the horizon as if sliding gently down the slope of a mountain. All of a sudden, the area's bathed in orange light.*
Narration: *Perhaps taking that as a signal of sorts, Sakaki gathers up her materials, stretches out her legs for the first time in hours, then slowly gets to her feet.*
Yumiko: ...Hey.
Narration: *And kicking lightly at the ground in apparent irritation, she speaks to me.*
Yumiko: You haven't said a single word this entire time, have you? All you do is stand there like a statue.
Yuuji: Did you want me to make conversation?
Yumiko: Of course not! I just found it a little strange that you'd constantly pester me about my destination, only to go completely silent after arriving.
Yuuji: You came here to draw. Once I'd confirmed that you weren't going anywhere, I didn't have any reason to bother you.
Yumiko: ...In other words, you're only asking for the information necessary to do your job.
Yuuji: That's right. Talking to your client more than necessary would be an expression of personal interest. When that's not relevant, the bare facts are enough.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ...What's wrong?
Yumiko: ...It's nothing.
Narration: *Sakaki turns her back in a somewhat grumpy fashion, hefts her tote bag off the ground, then begins to walk off without so much as a word.*
Narration: *I follow her quick, irritated strides at a similarly rapid pace.*
Narration: *My investigation of Sakaki Yumiko's movements and protection of her person continued along those lines.*
Narration: *Sakaki fundamentally ignored me. When she did talk, it was mostly hostile questions or arbitrary complaints. The atmosphere was badly strained, to say the least.*
Narration: *And gradually, the complaints began to grow more frequent and more aggressive... culminating in an incident about one week later.*
Date: *August 1, 2011, 18:00 - Riverbank*
Yumiko: I can't take this anymore! You follow me around day in and day out! I can't get a moment's peace!
Narration: *Today, Sakaki seemed even more irritable than usual.*
Narration: *She was reading in the lobby from early in the morning, and before noon she headed out to sketch at the riverbank.*
Narration: *In other words, the two of us have been alone together more or less all day. Seems to have grated on her nerves.*
Narration: *Stopping her drawing in the early evening as always, she gathered up her belongings more rapidly than usual, then stomped up to me and began to vent her spleen.*
Yuuji: Not to worry, I do have basic manners. I make sure to avert my eyes from any potentially shameful actions on your part.
Yumiko: Do you really not understand that even saying something like that is incredibly rude!?
Narration: *I'd been intending to smooth things over, but seem to have poured oil on the fire instead.*
Narration: *...This is something I've been vaguely aware of for a while now, but it seems I have a bad habit of enraging women over the strangest little things.*
Narration: *All the more pathetic because it's usually the result of well-intentioned words backfiring, rather than actual maliciousness on my part.*
Yumiko: I mean, what's this "threat" you keep talking about supposed to be, anyway? Surely you've spied on me long enough to notice, but my family regards me as a nuisance best ignored.
Yumiko: The idea of someone coming after me for money after all this time is completely ridiculous!
Narration: *From the start, Sakaki had insisted that she didn't want protection, but now she tries out a different objection.*
Narration: *To be sure, I haven't picked up on any concrete threats approaching Sakaki in the week that I've been watching over her.*
Yuuji: It'd be too late to start protecting you after something happens. A bodyguard is a preventative measure. Not much good in installing a burglar alarm after someone's cleaned out your safe, right?
Yumiko: But the fact of the matter is that no one's attacked me!
Yumiko: Just for your information, that doesn't just apply to the week you've wasted following me around. I've been on my own for nearly two years without a single incident of any sort...!
Yuuji: But today just might be the day that changes.
Yumiko: Spare me the sophistry!
Yuuji: ...All right. In that case, take a look behind you.
Yumiko: Listen! ...Huh?
Narration: *Sakaki starts another angry retort, but swallows her words as she notices that I've said something strange.*
Narration: *...There's been something wrong with this picture for a little while now.*
Yumiko: ...What's... behind me?
Narration: *Sakaki, too, seems to have finally caught the scent of something strange in the air.*
Narration: *With timid, uncertain movements, she slowly turns her head to look behind her.*
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *A group of blatantly suspicious-looking men in black suits stare back.*
Narration: *They're not even trying to hide what they are, which probably means they're planning to take forcible measures.*
Narration: *Only reinforcing this impression: the unmarked van parked next to their car on the road above. Standard vehicle for carrying off a kidnap victim.*
Yuuji: These gentlemen don't strike me as the most peace-loving bunch.
Narration: *Even without the van and the suits, it's clear enough from a glance at the lead group that these people aren't here for a calm negotiation.*
Narration: *A brawny man, strikingly wide in the shoulders, towers at the head of the pack. At his side, there's a man with bandages rolled around his fists. Probably gripping something hard.*
Narration: *A third keeps his arms dangling loosely at his sides in the manner of a martial artist, waiting and watching for us to make a move.*
Narration: *Even if they came out with a "Good evening, could you spare a moment to talk?" at this point, it'd be hard to take it as anything but a sarcastic provocation.*
Yumiko: W-Wait... who are these people? Are they really here because they want something from me...?
Narration: *Sakaki's tone of voice has grown distinctly uneasy.*
Narration: *Faced with an unfamiliar atmosphere of danger, her normal cool-headed indifference has melted away. She's unconsciously grabbed hold of my shirt, and there's clear fear in her eyes.*
Yuuji: Well, I don't have much value as a commodity, so I think it's safe to assume they're after you, Sakaki.
Yumiko: But that doesn't make any sense! I'm not...!
Yuuji: You can make excuses if you want, but I don't think they're going to change their objective.
Yumiko: ......!
Narration: *Sakaki's hand grips my sleeve even more tightly.*
Narration: *The men approach slowly and silently, eyes fixed intently on us, looking for the right moment to take action.*
Narration: *The three in front seem like the main threat. They've got five others hanging back as support, including their drivers, but that group doesn't seem to have any combat experience.*
Yuuji: ...Listen very carefully, Sakaki.
Yumiko: Wha...?
Narration: *Drawing my face close to Sakaki, I push her long hair away from the side of her head.*
Narration: *A shapely white ear emerges from its hiding place behind the black curtain. I speak a few quiet, blunt words into it.*
Yuuji: Stay down, make yourself as small as possible, and keep yourself behind me.
Yumiko: W-Why...?
Yuuji: Just do it, all right? Unless you're eager to take a ride with these charming people.
Yumiko: Wait, don't tell me you're planning to...?
Narration: *Sakaki's question falters off halfway through, but her meaning's clear enough.*
Narration: *I offer her a firm, emphatic nod.*
Yuuji: I can handle eight. Might be a little frightening, but deal with it.
Yumiko: Don't be ridiculous! I don't know what it is you do, but there's no way you can fight those people, let alone this many of them!
Yuuji: It'll be fine. Just do what I told you.
Yumiko: But that's just...!
Narration: *In that instant, as Sakaki tries to continue her objection―*
Narration: *The man with the physique of a rugby player who'd been standing at the head of the pack rushes forward, aiming to tackle me to the ground.*
Yumiko: Kyaaa!
Yuuji: Get down, Sakaki!
Narration: *As soon as Sakaki throws herself face down to the ground, I dodge the enormous man's charge like a toreador evading a bull.*
Man　1: Whah...!
Narration: *Apparently rugby man wasn't expecting such a well-timed sidestep. He makes a strange little grunt as the momentum carries him past me.*
Yuuji: ...Nice broad back you've got there.
Narration: *Before he can begin to turn, I sharply drop my right elbow down onto his oversized spine.*
Man　1: Guh... flrgh...!
Yuuji: You have to admit, though, it makes for a nice big target as well.
Narration: *Rugby man exhales roughly, then collapses face-first into the dirt.*
Yuuji: That's one, for starters...
Narration: *Confirming that my oversized friend isn't getting up anytime soon, I whip around 180 degrees to face the other attackers.*
Man　2: Haa... haa...
Narration: *Bandage-hands here has a different style. He's spitting out short pants at regular intervals, bouncing slightly from side to side in time to the rhythm.*
Narration: *This one's shorter than me, but his body's abnormally slim and lithe. His physique suggests extraordinary agility.*
Narration: *From his stance, with his right arm slightly below and behind his left, it's clear that he's an experienced boxer.*
Yuuji: (If he lands a punch, it's probably going to be a bone fracture or internal bleeding...)
Narration: *A slugging match with a boxer is never a good idea, let alone when he's grasping something.*
Narration: *In other words, I need to dodge until I have a chance to launch a disabling counterattack to a weak point.*
Man　2: Hah, hah, hah...
Narration: *The tempo of bandage-hands' breathing grows steadily quicker.*
Narration: *As he slowly begins to close the distance between us, the slight movements of his body begin to include something of a forward-back sway.*
Man　2: Shuh...!
Yuuji: (He's coming...!)
Narration: *The man exhales heavily and springs forward, his half-hidden right hand shooting out toward my face.*
Yuuji: Kh!
Narration: *I duck my head just barely enough to avoid the punch.*
Man　2: Hugh...
Narration: *Now within range, he follows up with a wider swing from the left.*
Yuuji: (That's what I was looking for...!)
Narration: *Cleanly evading the second half of this predictable combination, I slide forward to point-blank range and land a violent kick to his shin.*
Man　2: Gwoh...!!
Narration: *As bandage-hands freezes up from the pain, I step back, pivot, and swing my fist into his right flank, throwing my whole body into the punch.*
Man　2: Guh...! Gahaaah!
Narration: *Spittle and a strangled little grunt spray from the boxer's mouth; his eyes roll back in his head, and he collapses heavily to the ground.*
Yuuji: Should probably stay down for a while after taking a direct hit to the liver...
Narration: *Before the others can react, I've resettled myself at Sakaki's side.*
Yuuji: Two down...!
Narration: *I look over at the final remaining member of the attacking team.*
Narration: *Although there's a hint of shock in his expression after seeing the others go down so quickly, his composed posture suggests a fundamental confidence. He clearly thinks himself on a different level from those two.*
Narration: *His peculiar stance, involving constant movement of his limbs, reminds me strongly of the Chinese Kenpou my master taught me back in the day.*
Yuuji: (This one's aiming at a counter himself...)
Narration: *I can picture him smoothly sidestepping the instant I try to lunge forward.*
Narration: *The loose swaying of his body might not look particularly intimidating to an amateur's eye, but I'm confident he's more dangerous than the others.*
Yuuji: (Well, let's try a trap...)
Narration: *Imitating rugby man, I spring forward like a sprinter, charging directly at the martial artist.*
Man　3: Heh...
Narration: *He instantly slips away from my attack with a triumphant little laugh.*
Narration: *From the side, he fires off a sharp kick aimed at my pivot leg.*
Yuuji: (Took the bait...!)
Narration: *I swivel to grab his extended leg, then twist it roughly in my arms, bringing him to the ground in a leg lock.*
Man　3: Wha...!!
Narration: *Specifically, it's a "heel hook" of the sort frequently seen in your nastier mixed martial arts competitions.*
Narration: *I twist his foot back with my arms, causing agonizing pain that would normally inspire a quick tap-out.*
Man　3: Uwah! Gyaaah!
Narration: *Of course, this isn't a match, so that's not an option. The man desperately uses his free leg and arms to attack me.*
Narration: *But with his heel completely immobilized, it's impossible to gain the leverage necessary for an effective blow.*
Yuuji: Sorry, but I need you to settle down for a while.
Narration: *Bringing the strength of my arms to bear, I bend the man's heel sharply to the side.*
Narration: *The joints of his ankle crack loudly, and his foot turns in a direction nature never intended it to.*
Man　3: Gahah...!
Narration: *The man lets out a strangled little scream, and I feel the fight go out of him.*
Narration: *When I release the hold, he instantly clutches his ankle and rolls around on the ground, tears streaming down his face.*
Yuuji: That's everyone...!
Narration: *Rising quickly to my feet, I place my body protectively in front of Sakaki's.*
Narration: *The only men left standing nearby are two members of the support team. I glower up at them expectantly.*
Man　4: W-What the hell...? No way!
Man　5: Okay, this ain't what we signed up for!
Narration: *But the remaining men keep their distance, watching warily and hissing to each other in flustered voices.*
Yuuji: (What they signed up for...?)
Narration: *Maybe the kidnappers hashed out internal contracts or something of the sort. Nothing I need to be too concerned about at the moment, I suppose...*
Yuuji: We're going to run away now, Sakaki.
Yumiko: Y-Yes...!
Narration: *I pull Sakaki by the hand and run up the sloping bank toward the street above.*
Narration: *Sakaki quickly runs out of breath, but pushes herself desperately forward, barely managing to keep up.*
Narration: *After reaching the road, I shoot one quick glance over my shoulder at the group of men we left behind.*
Narration: *The remaining members are helping the battered fighters back to their vehicles rather than pursuing us. Concluding that they're backing off for now, I set off at a rapid jog toward the dorm, towing Sakaki along behind me.*
Date: *August 1, 2011, 20:00 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *Although the men didn't seem to be chasing us, just to be on the safe side I took a number of brief detours on the way back to the campus.*
Narration: *The sun had just been setting as we left, so by the time we finally reach the gate it's already dark out.*
Narration: *Bursting into the dorm in this state would just alarm everyone, and I don't think Sakaki's looking for more of a fuss right now; instead of running straight into the lobby, I lead her to the courtyard.*
Yuuji: You all right, Sakaki...?
Narration: *Finally releasing her hand, I ease Sakaki down onto a bench to rest.*
Yumiko: Haaa... haaa... I-I'm fine.
Narration: *The girl makes an admirable effort at keeping up a tough front, but after all that running she's understandably fatigued.*
Yumiko: Haa, haa... Did you... do something... back there...?
Yuuji: Something? That's pretty vague. You referring to my scuffle with those gentlemen?
Narration: *Sakaki silently nods her head.*
Yuuji: Well, I've been trained on how to deal with people proficient in various skills... It's kind of relevant in my line of work.
Narration: *In my profession, you naturally meet people with a wide range of experience in this regard.*
Narration: *Former dan-rank kenpou practitioners, karate experts who made it to nationals... sometimes you'll even run into guys who competed in the world championships of something or other.*
Narration: *Naturally, the same goes for our organization's "competitors" and professional rivals, so the instructors teach you a wide variety of coping strategies covering more or less the full range of martial arts.*
Narration: *And by "taught," I mean they beat the techniques into you. I myself suffered more than a few lessons that very nearly ended in bone fractures.*
Yumiko: I see. That certainly does sound like... quite the rough job...
Narration: *She mutters the words without a hint of ridicule, in a tone of complete conviction.*
Narration: *This is a world Sakaki knew nothing of until now. It's simply outside her range of experience.*
Narration: *Even if she understood in an academic sense that people like that existed, personally coming into contact with them has clearly driven home just how real and unpleasant that world is.*
Yuuji: So there's your wake-up call. You understand now just how much danger you're in?
Yumiko: ...Yes, I suppose...
Narration: *Sakaki nods with uncharacteristic honesty.*
Yumiko: But that doesn't mean I need a bodyguard.
Yuuji: ...Why not?
Yumiko: ...I told you from the very start, didn't I? I don't particularly care if something does happen. There's no need for you to defend me...
Narration: *Her expression changes. The fear's fading, leaving something gloomy and bitter in its place. Just like the other day, I can see a hint of defeat in her eyes.*
Yumiko: ...I don't want your protection. Please don't follow me tomorrow.
Narration: *Sakaki brushes off a few clumps of earth from her skirt, then opens her bag and carefully returns the colored pencils scattered loosely inside to their box.*
Narration: *When that task's accomplished, she takes the bag in her hand and rises abruptly to her feet.*
Yumiko: ...I'm going back to my room now.
Narration: *And with this brief announcement, she strides quickly off in the direction of the dorm.*
Narration: *But...*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki stops dead about four paces away. After a moment's hesitation, she turns toward me and comes back.*
Narration: *Her body's facing me, but her eyes won't quite meet mine.*
Yuuji: ...What is it?
Narration: *All of a sudden, she lowers her head in a slight bow.*
Yumiko: Well... thank you for helping me today.
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ...It wasn't necessary, but that doesn't change the fact that you helped me...
Narration: *It's so genuinely unexpected that all I can do is watch. I can't think of anything to say in return.*
Yumiko: ...Goodbye...
Narration: *Once again, Sakaki turns on her heel; and this time she doesn't stop. Her feet crunch across the gravel at a steady, controlled pace as she makes her way across the courtyard.*
Narration: *By appearance, at least, she's already back to the Sakaki Yumiko I know.*
Narration: *I watch her as she goes, thinking back over the events of the day.*
Yuuji: ...Have to say, though... that was strange.
Narration: *The people who came after us today were without a doubt a standard crew of moderately-skilled hooligans, but there's one thing that's been bothering me.*
Narration: *They came at me one by one, taking turns, like something out of a manga. That makes exactly zero sense.*
Narration: *All three of their tough guys should have rushed me at once. Hell, even the five they had hanging back for support. The sheer numbers would have made it difficult even for me, especially with Sakaki to protect.*
Narration: *Divide and conquer is the basic rule of fighting when outnumbered, and they went out of their way to divide themselves for me. No matter how I look at this, it just doesn't add up.*
Narration: *It might just be a coincidence, but there's a possibility it means something. Better to figure it out now, rather than run into some nasty surprise down the road.*
Yuuji: Guess JB would be the person to ask...
Narration: *Visions of a shaggy-headed know-it-all blond floating unpleasantly before my eyes, I slowly follow Sakaki's path toward the dorm.*

Date: *August 4, 2011, 10:00 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *Approach your "jobs" from a detached perspective. Don't second guess your instructions―*
Narration: *That's the fundamental attitude my employers have beaten into me ever since I got into this line of work.*
Narration: *And in fact, I've never thought too hard about the jobs they give me. I just try to carry out my orders promptly, aiming for optimal efficiency and a near-perfect success rate.*
Narration: *My master showed me the ropes, and she was the best. The field commanders, especially JB, give me precise and accurate instructions.*
Narration: *I have the skills, and my employer tells me what to do with them. There's nothing to second-guess. Never has been, never will be.*
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *The time: early afternoon. The place: a dormitory lobby. Two residents confront each other across a coffee table.*
Narration: *Normally, the word "confront" shouldn't apply to this sort of casual interaction between classmates. But when Sakaki Yumiko's involved, it's a different story.*
Narration: *To be more precise, the withering power of her glare can transform any encounter into a battle of wills.*
Yumiko: ...All right. I'm going now.
Yuuji: Sure.
Narration: *However, over the last few days that fearsome scowl of hers seems to have lost some of its edge.*
Yumiko: ...Something might happen again today. Are you sure, well...
Narration: *Proceeding slowly toward the door, Sakaki mutters the words without looking in my direction.*
Narration: *Her voice is unusually uncertain, carrying more than a hint of genuine concern.*
Yuuji: Don't worry about it. Whatever happens, I'll protect you.
Yumiko: ...That's quite the guarantee.
Yuuji: It's my job, after all.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Right. It's your job, after all...
Amane: ...Is it just me, or have those two gotten weirdly intimate all of a sudden?
Sachi: Yes, it seems that way to me as well. You'd never believe things were so dangerously hostile between them only a few days ago...
Makina: But they keep talkin' about all this "job" crap like a pair of broken records, ya know? Onii-chan's actin' a little  <businesslike> 'bout the whole thing.
Michiru: Uhm, what? Okay, <business> means work, right? So what's  <like?> Being alive? No, wait, that's <life>... What was  <like> again? Affection? He loves his job?
Sachi: Michiru-sama, allow me to present you with a tasty treat. It's a marshmallow. Please munch away on it for a while.
Michiru: Wha? U-Uh, thanks. But why... Omfh nomfh...
Amane: Well, Makina does have a point too. That sense of danger from before may be gone, but you can definitely feel this awkward distance between them.
Makina: The mysteries are only growin' deeper, ya know?
Sachi: Indeed...
Michiru: Monfh nomfh... Thish is tashty! Chompfh nomfh...
Narration: *Together, we walk the usual road to the riverbank.*
Narration: *Although I'm not sure if "together" is exactly the right word. For a number of reasons.*
Narration: *First of all, there's our physical distance. Sakaki and I always walk a few meters apart.*
Narration: *A few days ago, Sakaki had been purposefully creating that gap. Even trying to widen it. But now, if anything I'm the one consciously maintaining our distance.*
Narration: *I'm acting as a close-protection bodyguard. Normally speaking, the closer I can be to point-blank range, the better.*
Narration: *But at the moment there aren't any visible threats, and I don't expect any bullets to come flying Sakaki's way. The girl reacts strongly against overprotectiveness, so I'm trying to give her some space when I can...*
Narration: *If I take a step forward and stretch out my hand, I can reach her. That seems the right distance for now.*
Narration: *Sakaki soon assumes her standard moderately rapid pace - no longer trying to escape me, but not looking back or making conversation either. Her long black hair flutters behind her.*
Narration: *I follow at the same pace, careful not to fall behind.*
Narration: *Since the first attack several days ago, Sakaki's outings have constantly been attracting similar groups of shady, suited men. Sometimes they're lurking around in the distance; sometimes they try the forcible approach.*
Narration: *Their objective seems to be a kidnapping, but obviously, that hasn't happened yet. I've been continually scaring them off, physically repelling their abduction attempts when necessary.*
Narration: *As such events became a new part of her daily routine, Sakaki's previously defiant and indifferent behavior started to change as well. Only natural, I guess.*
Narration: *No matter how much the girl insists she doesn't care about her life, the experience of real danger probably inspired some fear.*
Narration: *Presumably this softening in her attitude toward me is a byproduct of that change in her state of mind.*
Narration: *That said, Sakaki doesn't seem to have completely sorted things out internally. She's stubbornly continuing her usual trips to the riverbank, as if refusing to admit that she's afraid for her own safety.*
Narration: *And so, once again, I find myself walking along at a regular distance behind her, carefully scanning the area for suspicious vehicles and pedestrians.*
Yuuji: (...Nothing for the moment. As usual.)
Narration: *So far, the incidents have taken place with very consistent timing.*
Narration: *Not that I'm letting down my guard, of course, but if the pattern holds they won't be showing up until early evening.*
Narration: *When we arrive at the river bank, Sakaki settles down on the ground and begins taking her art supplies out of the tote bag.*
Narration: *After arranging them in front of her with practiced movements of her hands, she turns back to face me―*
Yumiko: ...I'm going to begin.
Yuuji: Right.
Narration: *And after this brief comment, begins her sketching as usual.*
Narration: *There's no real need for her to announce this to me, but now that things are slightly less tense, she's making a habit of it. For all her coldness, the girl's given to odd little gestures of courtesy. Comes with being "well-bred," I guess.*
Narration: *The soft sound of the river flowing; the occasional rumbling of trains passing by. Just when you start to forget it's there, the public announcement speaker mounted on the bridge relays a few reports about missing persons and smog levels.*
Narration: *Otherwise, this place is unbelievably quiet. I can certainly understand how it would appeal to a loner like Sakaki.*
Narration: *The girl in question is already absorbed in drawing the scenery before her eyes. She seems to have completely forgotten I'm even here.*
Narration: *Her hand doesn't stop moving the colored pencil across her paper even for a moment.*
Yuuji: Pretty impressive...
Narration: *On the sketchbook page, a vivid sky punctuated by wispy clouds takes shape above an expanse of green.*
Narration: *As I watch, a faint shadow stirs painfully somewhere deep inside my chest.*
Yuuji: (Damn, not again...)
Narration: *Fragmented memories, hidden in the cracks and crevices of my brain like pieces of rubbish, react to the slight roughness of the sketchbook paper.*
Narration: *She's drawing the sky with deft movements of a light blue colored pencil, filling the page with shades of cyan.*
Narration: *But from in between those strokes of color, I see something black and ugly oozing out. Overwhelming the sky. Rotting it away.*
Narration: *And when the page is covered in that sickening darkness, a blood-red image begins to take shape above it. A face. I push it out of my head with a desperate effort of will.*
Narration: *I don't have to worry anymore. I don't have to think about anything anymore. That's all behind me now, isn't it?*
Narration: *What's past is past... I should understand that better than anyone. But even now, it finds the smallest gaps in my defenses. It pushes its way effortlessly into the present.*
Yuuji: (Stay away... Stay the hell away...)
Narration: *The person I am today struggles with the "thing" attacking me. Forcing myself to focus on the reality before my eyes, I draw deep, slow breaths. And in time, the dark entity dissipates.*
Yuuji: Haa...
Narration: *A refreshing summer scene spreads out before my eyes once more. My body's damp with sweat that has nothing to do with the heat.*
Yuuji: ...Won't let me forget about you that easily, huh...?
Narration: *I mutter the words to myself too quietly for Sakaki to hear.*
Narration: *I can't erase the memories, but at least my voice is erased by the breeze.*
Narration: *The wind that blew my words away carries the clouds above slowly toward the sea.*
Narration: *The sky itself is beautiful enough to seem artificial. At its very edge, a tinge of red begins to grow.*
Yumiko: I'm finished.
Narration: *Just as when she began, Sakaki informs me briefly that her sketching session has concluded.*
Narration: *At first she'd just put away her materials silently, then head back without any fanfare whatsoever, but recently she's been considerately letting me know.*
Yuuji: ...I see. Unfortunately, it seems like they're just getting started here.
Narration: *My voice has more than a little tension in it. Sakaki's expression instantly grows gloomy.*
Yumiko: Again...?
Yuuji: Yeah. And it seems like we've got some troublesome ones on our hands this time.
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *Moving Sakaki behind me as always, I look around the area.*
Yuuji: (...These ones really do look like trouble.)
Narration: *The moment I get a better look at the group clambering slowly down the slope from the vehicles above, I can feel my body growing tenser.*
Narration: *It's like something out of a ridiculous superhero drama. The groups coming after Sakaki have been growing incrementally stronger with every passing day.*
Narration: *At first I'd been able to deal with them without breaking too much of a sweat, but by now the fights are starting to get too close for comfort. This pattern needs to change, and soon.*
Yuuji: (Would help if JB was answering her phone... What the hell's going on over there, anyway?)
Narration: *There are some strange common features about the behavior of these people. My suspicions about their unnatural actions during the first attack have only grown.*
Narration: *I'd wanted to discuss that, as well as hash out some countermeasures to reverse this rapidly deteriorating situation, but my beloved superior has suddenly decided to stop responding to my calls.*
Narration: *That's extremely unusual, especially during a mission. Thinking about it from another angle, it could well be that she's deliberately cut off contact after deciding it would be counter-productive somehow.*
Narration: *In other words, an implicit message to "Focus on the problems in front of you for now."*
Yuuji: (That said, if this goes on much longer it's going to get tough...)
Narration: *As always, the group approaches only gradually, tightening the net around us little by little as if to intimidate.*
Narration: *It's all strangely artificial. The inefficiency of their movements must be intentional. But I don't know what that means, and I can't act on the basis of vague hunches.*
Narration: *For now, the only thing I can do is protect Sakaki Yumiko from the threat in front of us. That's my "job" and my responsibility.*
Yuuji: They're coming...!
Narration: *Dodging the first man's kick by a hair's breadth, I grab his ankle and wrench it sharply upward.*
Man　A: Gwaah!
Narration: *Before he even hits the ground, I can hear the second and third attackers rushing up from behind.*
Narration: *I immediately spin around, pull Sakaki to safety behind me, and take a stance―*
Yumiko: Are you... really all right...?
Yuuji: How many times do I have to tell you I'm fine?
Yumiko: B-But they hit you so many times... I mean, you were rolling across the ground...
Yuuji: That was deliberate. And in any case, a few bruises are part of the job description.
Yumiko: ...Job this, job that... That's all you ever say...
Amane: ...Yuuji...
Makina: His bruises are gettin' worse by th' day.
Sachi: At this point, I think we have no choice but to go ahead with the matter we discussed...
Michiru: Huh? Wait, what are you talking ab... Fubuh!
Sachi: Michiru-sama, have a delicious pancake. I'll explain later.
Michiru: U-Umfh, hohay, hehihious, hut hon't hram it 'n hy houfh!
Amane: Okay then, we're carrying out the operation tomorrow morning. Meet at my room at 2300 hours to review the specifics, please.
Makina: Roger that, Cap'n!
Sachi: Yes, roger that.
Michiru: Mnch mnch... H-Hey, uhm... munch crnch...
Date: *August 5, 2011, 09:00 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Nice weather, at least...
Yumiko: ...W-What was that sound!?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Just my imagination...? What with everything that's happened lately, I... Ngggh!?
Yuuji: She's gone...!?
Narration: *Moments ago, I made my way to Sakaki's room for my usual morning check-up, only to find her door hanging wide open.*
Narration: *On very rare occasions, the woman might leave her door open a crack while doing her laundry or something, but I've never seen it like this before.*
Narration: *What's more... the suspicious handkerchief abandoned just outside the entrance makes it clear that she hasn't just stepped out for a moment.*
Yuuji: Goddammit, they got me...!
Narration: *Unbelievable. To think they were capable of sneaking into the campus and snatching her away without even being noticed... Were those clumsy attacks nothing but a feint?*
Narration: *I'd lowered my level of vigilance somewhat inside the dorm, since there's almost always other people around. It seems I badly underestimated my opponents.*
Yuuji: They can't have gotten far yet... I'll just have to hurry.
Narration: *But just as I turn to make my way outside―*
Sachi: It's all right, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: S-Sachi...!?
Narration: *An eerily calm voice from behind stops me in my tracks.*
Narration: *The girl looks up at me with a knowing expression on her face.*
Sachi: Are you looking for Sakaki-san, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: ...! Sachi, why do you...?
Sachi: The answer is very simple. I'm the one who abducted her, you see.
Yuuji: What...!?
Narration: *I'd always suspected this woman had enough potential to enroll in a national intelligence agency with the right recommendation... but I hadn't even considered the possibility she was already affiliated with some organization...*
Yuuji: My carelessness came back to bite me on this one... Well? Do you have some demand of me or my employer?
Sachi: ...Huh?
Yuuji: You kidnapped Sakaki as a bargaining chip, didn't you? Do you expect me to fulfill terms of some sort in exchange for her return? Or perhaps...
Sachi: Er, no. You've got it all wrong, Kazami-san. I didn't abduct Sakaki-san for any such purpose...
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Sachi: I did the deed at Maki-chan's request... Well, properly speaking the real mastermind was Amane-san, but...
Narration: *...Now it's finally making sense.*
Narration: *Most likely, a certain authority within the dorm rashly pressed Sachi into carrying out some ridiculous scheme, resulting in the unfortunate Sakaki being taken captive... Something along those lines.*
Narration: *I can't even begin to speculate about their objective here, but it's probably safe to assume it's some variety of harmless idiocy.*
Sachi: In any case, we took this action largely for personal reasons. Once our objective is achieved, we will promptly return Sakaki-san to you.
Yuuji: You can't tell me anything about these "personal reasons" or what have you?
Sachi: ...I am truly sorry, but I was strictly directed not to divulge them.
Yuuji: I see. In that case, I won't try to force you.
Narration: *Considering Sachi's personality, it'd probably just cause us both a lot of grief if I pushed for more.*
Narration: *I'm already completely reassured that it's nothing more than the usual shenanigans, so the details aren't that crucial anyway.*
Narration: *And above all else, sticking my head into a private discussion between women would almost certainly not be helpful for anyone involved.*
Yuuji: All right then. I have no idea what you people are up to, but go ahead and do it. I'll be standing by in my room if you need me.
Sachi: Thank you very much. I would like to express my personal gratitude for your understanding.
Narration: *Sachi offers me a respectful bow, then trots off down the hallway and vanishes silently around a corner.*
Narration: *The girl doesn't hang around longer than she has to. She knows how to extract herself when the moment's right.*
Yuuji: Have to say, I really do think Sachi has some talent in that field...
Sachi: I have returned.
Amane: Welcome back. How did it go with Yuuji?
Sachi: I'm pleased to report that I succeeded in explaining the situation to him. As directed, I didn't offer even the slightest hint regarding our purpose.
Amane: Roger. Okay then, take a seat, Sacchan.
Sachi: Certainly.
Yumiko: ...Would you mind explaining what on earth this is all about?
Amane: Uhhhm, well, sure. Let's see, where to begin...?
Yumiko: Please don't tell me you dragged me here for no reason at all!
Amane: T-That's not it, okay? We definitely have a reason for this little meeting. It's just, well, I didn't really expect you to get literally "dragged here," you know...?
Sachi: Please calm yourself, Sakaki-san. We only took these measures in order to ensure matters would move forward in a smooth and peaceable fashion.
Yumiko: In what universe does the term "peaceable" apply to knocking someone out with a drug, binding their hands and legs with rope, then tying them to a chair!?
Makina: Welp, in retro-speckt I prob'ly shouldn'ta told Sacchin to bring ya here by any means necessary.
Michiru: Oh, come onnn... Did you seriously not know what was gonna happen if you said that to Sachi, of all people?
Sachi: I was only trying to bring Sakaki-san to this room by the most prompt and reliable means available to me, as requested...
Michiru: And the first solution that popped into your head was knocking her out with a handkerchief soaked in chloroform? You seriously scare me sometimes, Sachi...
Yumiko: Just forget it! I'm not interested in debating this any further! Would you kindly hurry up and tell me what it is you want!?
Amane: Y-Yeah. Okay then, we'll get started right away... if that's all right...
Amane: ...Man, why the heck am I licking her boots all of a sudden...
Yumiko: ...Do you have something to say to me?
Amane: Ah! N-No, no, nothing at all!
Makina: Well, ain't that a rare sight. Ama-nee backed off a little.
Michiru: It's sort of a snake versus viper type of deal, I guess? Like, they both pack a punch...
Sachi: Michiru-sama, it might be impertinent of me to point this out, but...
Michiru: Aargh, geez! Yeah, yeah, vipers are on the snake team too! I know that! The nuance is what matters, okay!? Just roll with it!
Sachi: Yes, of course. I shall now roll with it. Snakes? So be it. A viper is fine too.
Makina: Ya got her approval, Chiruchiru. Ain't that nice.
Michiru: You people piss me off! Aaargh, you SERIOUSLY piss me off!
Amane: Okay, people, please shut up now.
Yumiko: ...Are you ever going to get to the point?
Amane: Sorry, sorry. Let's take this from the top...
Amane: ...Okay, I'm going to come out and say this point-blank. Sakaki-san, what kind of relationship do you currently have with Yuuji?
Yumiko: Huh? R-Relationship...!?
Amane: You guys are going out alone a lot lately. And pretty much every single time, Yuuji comes back with a look on his face that screams "something just happened."
Amane: But it's not like that guy's gonna tell us a thing, you know? We thought we'd try asking you instead.
Yumiko: ......
Amane: I mean, if you and Yuuji really are in some kind of special relationship now, I wouldn't try to stick my nose into that or anything. It's completely between you two, after all.
Amane: But if there's something more complicated going on, I was hoping you might be willing to talk to us about it...
Amane: You know, when all's said and done... it's just the six of us here, so it feels kind of awkward having this big obvious secret between us, right?
Amane: I understand you're more the private type, Sakaki-san, but this time there's someone else mixed up in it too, so...
Yumiko: ...I see. This is all about Kazami-kun in the end...
Amane: ...Sorry? Did you say something?
Yumiko: Nothing important. We're spending time together... because my father placed a request for a guard. Kazami-kun is hanging around me as protection. There's nothing else to it.
Amane: Your... father?
Yumiko: Yes. You're familiar with him yourself, aren't you, Suou-san?
Amane: Ah, well... yeah, I guess. He's a regular client of Dad's, and a bunch of stuff happened when I was transferring over here...
Yumiko: ...Then I assume you know a little about my family as well.
Amane: ...Yeah... So, uhm, is this going where I think it is? You need a guard because someone's...?
Yumiko: That's right. When I go out alone, he accompanies me as protection from would-be abductors. Most likely kidnappers with a financial incentive. When trouble arises, he suppresses it with force...
Amane: Haaah... for real? That's completely crazy.
Makina: Well, Yumi-chan's family is like rich-rich, so it ain't impossible.
Michiru: Huh? Really? Wait, how rich is rich-rich? Like, where are they on the Calpis scale or whatever?
Sachi: Michiru-sama, what on earth is that standard of wealth?
Michiru: You know, Calpis! That white sticky soft drink solution. You can tell how rich a family is by how much water they have to add to every glass! Haven't you heard that before?
Sachi: Michiru-sama... y-you're... you're breaking my heart...
Michiru: Huh? W-Why? Hold on a second! Why would that break your heart!?
Amane: Okay, guys, can you save the family comedy hour for later? We're here to ask Sakaki-san questions.
Michiru: The Calpis scale... It was ten to one at my house... Ten parts water, one part Calpis...
Amane: ...Sacchan, stick something in Michiru's mouth.
Sachi: Certainly. Michiru-sama, please enjoy this tasty lollipop.
Michiru: Mwguh!?
Amane: ...I think I understand your circumstances now, Sakaki-san. But, uhm... how did Yuuji get involved in all this?
Yumiko: Kazami-kun's work seems to involve matters of national interest. I don't know the exact details regarding his assignment myself.
Amane: National interest... Like what, he's some kind of civil servant?
Yumiko: I don't know that myself. When I ask, he becomes evasive.
Sachi: A public servant... employed as a bodyguard? An SP or some other variety of police officer, perhaps...?

Narration: *The summer sun scorched the ground beneath our feet.*
Narration: *In the heart of the ancient capital, we walked uphill, following the road away from the station's eastern exit.*
Narration: *I was talking. Casually, of trivial things.*
Yumiko: You know what, Mommy? Yesterday, I saw a doggie outside the window.
Narration: *Looking up at the person holding my hand, I smiled.*
Misako: That's nice...
Narration: *In contrast to my cheerful chattering, the woman walking at my side had a clouded expression on her face.*
Narration: *Her profile was beautiful but cold. Almost like that of a marble statue.*
Yumiko: And he looked over at me, so I waved my hand. And then the doggie turned toward me!
Misako: That's nice...
Narration: *The same words, repeated in the same tone, as if she was playing back a recording.*
Narration: *Not understanding what that signified, I continued to speak.*
Yumiko: I think he could tell I was there! And guess what? After that, he...
Narration: *That trivial little event must have made me very happy, because I just kept on talking.*
Narration: *Sentence flowed into sentence with barely a pause for breath in between.*
Narration: *Matching the rhythm of my skipping steps, I pattered on faster and faster, filled with innocent excitement.*
Misako: Yumiko, dear...
Narration: *First, her feet came to a stop.*
Narration: *And without turning to look at me, her face still in profile, my mother finally answered.*
Misako: I'm sorry. Do you think you could be quiet for a while...?
Narration: *Her quiet voice emerged only to melt away into the squawking of the cicadas.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Two pleasures - the skipping and the conversation - abruptly taken from me, I hesitated uncertainly, not sure where to direct my gaze.*
Narration: *But soon I found a clear path forward, and my hesitation gave way to a reply.*
Yumiko: ...I'm sorry, Mommy...
Narration: *It was the phrase "I'm sorry."*
Narration: *How many times had I spoken those words by then?*
Narration: *Even when I'd done nothing wrong, even when I'd done nothing at all, those words offered an exit from any uncomfortable moment. And above all else, they lightened the burden on my mother's heart.*
Narration: *Mumbling those words had always been the best that I could do at times like those.*
Misako: ...That's all right. Sorry, Yumiko...
Narration: *And my mother, in turn, offered me the same soft words of apology.*
Narration: *In retrospect, it might very well have been her fault that I developed a habit of relying on the words "I'm sorry."*
Narration: *She spoke the phrase so frequently it was probably only natural that I'd begun to imitate her.*
Misako: Let's be on our way...
Narration: *A cold profile. A rigid face, locked in position, never turning to me.*
Narration: *Speaking a few words with nothing but a slight movement of her lips, my mother began to walk once more, her strides even smaller than usual.*
Yumiko: Okay...
Narration: *With a nod, I stepped forward at my mother's side, slipping halfway under the shadow cast by her parasol.*
Narration: *As the shade swayed with her steps, the blazing sun flickered before my eyes like a movie shot on cheap film.*
Narration: *We walked in silence through the midsummer heat, surrounded by the voices of cicadas.*
Narration: *I squeezed my mother's hand tightly. Very tightly. As if that connection was the only thing in the world I could rely on.*
Narration: *My mother, Misako, was born into the Kawamoto family, owners of a real estate business in the ancient city of Kamakura.*
Narration: *After graduating from university, she accepted an arranged marriage to my father, Sakaki Michiaki. She was twenty-five years old.*
Narration: *The Kawamoto were small-time land owners, and their business had fallen into financial problems.*
Narration: *When their only daughter married the young president of East Beach Railways - a company that had taken complete control of the regional railroad network - the Kawamoto family treated it as a miracle comparable to winning the lottery.*
Misako: Welcome home.
Michiaki: Right.
Misako: Uhm... Dear, about dinner...
Michiaki: I already ate. Honestly, why do you always feel the need to ask? What about my change of clothes?
Misako: ...Yes, I have it prepared.
Michiaki: Then bring them down immediately. I'll be leaving in thirty minutes, so take the clothes to Kojima at the entrance.
Misako: Yes...
Yumiko: Daddy...
Narration: *My father was a complete workaholic with more than one house to return to.*
Narration: *He only came to see us once a week, and never stayed longer than an hour.*
Narration: *At that point, I hadn't so much as held a conversation with him. All I could remember were brief moments of eye contact in the hallway when we passed each other by.*
Narration: *I can still remember the way he looked at me.*
Narration: *There was no emotion in his gaze, not even contempt. Almost as if he didn't even realize something was there. His eyes were frighteningly "empty."*
Narration: *My room in that house was pointlessly large.*
Narration: *Spacious as it was, it hadn't been made for a child to live in.*
Narration: *The bed and closet were both adult-sized. For the most part, it looked like nothing more than just another guest room.*
Narration: *A child's desk, a haphazardly purchased assortment of stuffed animals and toys - these were the only objects that suggested otherwise, and they felt deeply out of place.*
Yumiko: I wonder... what kind of greeting would make Daddy talk to me...
Narration: *I stood in front of my mirror.*
Narration: *Practicing many different facial expressions, earnestly thinking over a problem with no solution.*
Yumiko: What kind of smile would make him come home more...?
Narration: *Alone in a room far too large for me, I thought about the stone-faced father I barely knew.*
Narration: *How could I catch his attention? How could I make him realize I was even there?*
Yumiko: Good morning. Good morning... Good morning.
Yumiko: Am I doing it wrong...? I can't really tell...
Yumiko: Good morning, good morning... Good morning!
Narration: *Within that staid and conservative railroad family, a "daughter" bore little weight.*
Narration: *My mother's marriage had seemed a blessing for the Kawamoto family. But when she gave birth to me, it quickly became an uncomfortable topic.*
Narration: *Her job had been to give birth to an heir to inherit the East Beach empire. Instead, she had produced a daughter, at best a potential tool for political marriage. No one was to blame for that, but it was still a deep disappointment to those around her.*
Narration: *My father had treated his new wife very kindly at first. But after I came into the world, and he learned that my mother was too physically frail to endure many pregnancies, he became noticeably brusque and distant.*
Narration: *That transformation must have hurt my mother deeply. After it began, she grew gradually weaker in body and spirit, until finally she could no longer manage to take care of father's personal needs.*
Narration: *My mother returned to her parents when I was six years old.*
Narration: *She had endured as best she could, desperate not to leave a bad impression on my father's family, but my mother was fundamentally a sheltered and fragile woman. Putting aside her physical condition, her mind had been worn down to the point where she could simply no longer cope.*
Narration: *And so, one hot midsummer day, she gathered our luggage, took my hand, and left the Sakaki house.*
Misako: I've returned...
Grandfather: Yeah, welcome home...
Grandmother: ...Welcome back.
Narration: *It wasn't a joyous homecoming for anyone involved.*
Narration: *After an exchange of indescribably uncomfortable greetings, they began an equally awkward conversation.*
Grandfather: How are you feeling, Misako?
Misako: I'm all right. It's nothing serious...
Grandmother: Then let's make sure you recover quickly, dear. For Michiaki-san's sake as well as yours.
Misako: Yes...
Narration: *It was obvious at a glance that my mother couldn't possibly go back any time soon.*
Narration: *Still, my pragmatic grandparents wanted their daughter back with the Sakaki family before the wound of separation grew too deep.*
Narration: *My mother may have wanted to return herself, even knowing that she was no longer capable of enduring that life. There was a slight edge of frustration in her voice as she vaguely affirmed my grandparents' words.*
Yumiko: Mommy...?
Narration: *They left me out of the conversation so completely that I began to feel invisible. In the end I couldn't help but call out.*
Narration: *When I spoke, my mother's hand twitched around mine, as if only just realizing that she'd been pulling me along at her side.*
Narration: *As if she'd been trying to forget an unpleasant reality by averting her eyes from it.*
Misako: ...Yumiko, say hello to your grandma and grandpa.
Narration: *Still not looking in my direction, my mother muttered those words quietly.*
Yumiko: Hello, Grandpa. Hello, Grandma...
Narration: *I tried out the greeting I had practiced for Dad on my grandparents.*
Grandfather: Ah, yes... Hello there.
Grandmother: Hello...
Narration: *Their responses were stiff and awkward.*
Narration: *They didn't so much as smile at me.*
Narration: *It had already been decided that my mother would be hospitalized.*
Narration: *Originally, the doctors had recommended admitting her to a psychiatric ward. But her return home under the cloud of a "separation" would no doubt become the subject of gossip in the area; who knew what people would say about a mental illness on top of it all?*
Narration: *Instead, Mom returned home under the superficial cover of "poor health" and entered a general hospital.*
Narration: *My grandparents had been busy enough with their struggling business. Now they had new burdens on their hands, and they made no attempt to hide their exhaustion. The complaining began on the very first day.*
Grandmother: Poor thing... If Misako hadn't given birth to a girl, this would never...
Grandfather: ...Don't talk like that.
Grandmother: Come now. You said it yourself, dear: We had a wonderful opportunity here, but now it's gone to waste.
Grandfather: Well, maybe I did, but...
Grandmother: This is exactly why she should have tried again the moment they knew it was a girl, even if meant shouting down those doctors.
Grandfather: ...You know as well as I do that Misako's not strong enough for that now.
Grandmother: But...
Narration: *During the years I spent living with my mother's family, my grandparents never showed me anything like affection.*
Narration: *In retrospect, I was an unwanted burden, a symbol of failure; I suppose they hardly had any reason to welcome me. But even so, it was a form of cruelty.*
Grandmother: Misako's still hospitalized, and now we have to send Yumiko to school as well... Just what are we supposed to do...?
Grandfather: The Sakaki family is paying for her living expenses, aren't they? It's fine.
Grandmother: It is certainly not fine! The company's been hanging on by its fingernails for months, if you hadn't noticed! How can you be so easy-going about this!?
Grandfather: Do you have to put it like that!?
Narration: *The two of them seemed to quarrel virtually every minute of every day, right until I left the house.*
Narration: *They were considerate enough not to behave this way around my mother, but their unwanted grandchild was a different story. Raw emotions flew back and forth as if I wasn't even there.*
Yumiko: ...That dog was really cute...
Narration: *When I was inside the house, I couldn't help hearing unpleasant conversations.*
Narration: *It was a small mercy that we had one of the spacious gardens so typical in country towns. I'd always slip out there when I saw my grandparents talking with serious expressions on their faces.*
Narration: *I passed the time scratching on the ground with tree branches. Those scribbles in the dirt became an escape. A portal to a vague, faraway world.*
Yumiko: I wonder when we can go home again...
Narration: *Recalling what I'd seen through the window that day, I moved the point of my tree branch through the soil.*
Narration: *Recalling my few happy memories, I drew them out one by one, over and over. Hoping to make them even slightly more vivid in my mind.*
Narration: *My drawing improved quickly in pursuit of a clear and unmistakable exit from reality.*
Narration: *I carefully combed my shoulder-length hair and tied it back with a rubber band.*
Narration: *I hadn't particularly been trying to grow it out, but once I understood that haircuts cost money, I'd simply allowed things to take their own course.*
Narration: *Not to imply that my grandparents were keeping me in rags; they were far too vain for that. I always had the minimum necessary to look respectable.*
Narration: *But ever since I'd grown old enough to understand my position, it was difficult to muster the slightest interest in fashion.*
Narration: *I opted for plain, dark clothes, the more inconspicuous the better. My hair fell straight to the shoulder in the simplest possible style.*
Narration: *As a child, I wanted nothing more than to be noticed; but at some point, I'd begun to seek refuge in my own anonymity. It seemed safer to be ignored.*
Yumiko: ...I'm off.
Narration: *Pausing under the weathered eaves, I offered a farewell to no one in particular, then walked off alone.*
Narration: *I had grown tall. I was wearing a middle school uniform now. Nobody had commented on either fact.*
Narration: *Ever since arriving at that place, I had been alone.*
Narration: *There were always people in the house, but I was alone.*
Toshie: Hello there, Miss Yumiko. Here's your lunch for today.
Yumiko: Thank you, Toshie-san.
Narration: *As I left the house, I found Toshie-san waiting outside.*
Narration: *Toshie-san was an old woman who had looked after my grandparents' family for many years as their housekeeper...*
Narration: *Even when the business fell on hard times and could no longer afford the expense, she stayed in the house next door, taking care of us without any compensation.*
Narration: *I wasn't her employer, but she always called me "Miss" in a kindly tone of voice. She was the only person in my life who showed me real affection.*
Yumiko: Wearing a uniform's... still kind of embarrassing.
Toshie: What are you saying? It looks wonderful on you, Miss.
Yumiko: Thank you, Toshie-san... You're the only one who tells me that sort of thing.
Toshie: Miss...
Yumiko: Thank you again. I'd better get going.
Narration: *I didn't talk with anyone at my middle school. Or rather, I couldn't.*
Narration: *It was an insular place where relationships had long since been firmly established, often mirroring the connections between parents. Someone abruptly wedged in from the outside had very little hope of fitting in.*
Narration: *Much less for a quiet girl who had moved out to the country under circumstances like mine. None of the other children were friendly to me; I knew they talked about me behind my back.*
Narration: *But after the years I'd spent alone with my grandparents, I suppose I'd grown used to such casual disdain. My student life didn't feel particularly painful. It was merely empty.*
Narration: *I filled the vast stretches of empty time by drawing pictures.*
Narration: *It was a habit I'd picked up as a means of escaping into fantasy, but as I came to accept reality, the images changed gradually into simple landscapes.*
Narration: *Not to say that I was viewing things more positively now. I'd simply grown numb.*
Narration: *The contents of my drawings mattered less to me than the time I could kill moving pencil over paper. I no longer looked for meaning in the art itself.*
Narration: *My grandfather had a pile of empty sketchbooks, abandoned from the days when he had time to pursue his hobbies; I made a rare request and took them as my own. Day in and day out, I filled their pages with dull landscapes.*
Narration: *With mechanical movements, I drew hollow images of a hollow world.*
Narration: *When school ended, I would make my way over to the hospital where my mother was staying.*
Narration: *The hospital was further from my grandparents' house than my middle school. To reach it I had to walk a good two kilometers, first descending a slope and then climbing back up.*
Narration: *I didn't have a bicycle, and asking for bus fare would've been unpleasant, so I always traveled that road on foot.*
Narration: *Of course, it wasn't pleasant. But I'd developed an obstinate streak in my own right. That hike had become a part of my daily routine.*
Nurse: Ah, hello there, Sakaki-san.
Narration: *A familiar nurse called out to me as I walked down a familiar hallway.*
Yumiko: Good afternoon.
Nurse: Your mother seems to be feeling better today. She even cleaned her plate at lunch for once.
Yumiko: That's nice to hear.
Nurse: I'm sure it's because you're coming to see her every day, dear. Very sweet of you.
Yumiko: Well, I don't know...
Narration: *Equivocating with a weak smile, I nodded to the nurse and walked away.*
Narration: *My mother's condition was always seesawing from improvement to setback.*
Narration: *It wasn't the sort of disease that could be cured with some wonder drug. And in mother's case, the doctors didn't entirely understand the causes of her illness, or even the reasons she wasn't healing. There was no clear path to a complete recovery.*
Narration: *By that point I understood that my existence had a great deal to do with her sickness. My visits couldn't possibly have been helping her. It was probably just the opposite.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *I walked rapidly toward Room 301 in the A ward.*
Narration: *There was a part of me that thought those visits were pointless. But without them, I would've lost the only thing I had left: my origins.*
Narration: *Even as I isolated myself behind an inconspicuous appearance, in that one place I desperately sought some kind of connection.*
Yumiko: Mom...
Narration: *My mother had been given a private room.*
Narration: *The hospital's administrator was an old acquaintance of my grandfather, so it had been arranged at a considerable discount. Or so our gossipy neighbors believed.*
Narration: *It was a pure-white room, largely empty except for the plain medical bed standing by the window. My mother passed her days lying there. There was no medical reason she couldn't go out, but she never tried.*
Misako: Ah. Hello, Yumiko. You came to see me again.
Narration: *My mother greeted me with the most convincing smile she could force onto her face.*
Narration: *But that face didn't turn toward me.*
Yumiko: The nurse told me you were feeling better today.
Narration: *Setting up a folding chair at her bedside, I began to speak.*
Narration: *Her physician had asked me to fill the visits with conversation. "Even the silliest little things will do. Just keep talking to her, please."*
Yumiko: She said you've got your appetite back, too. That's a relief!
Narration: *But I filled every moment with silly chat for a different reason entirely.*
Misako: I see...
Yumiko: Uh-huh. So today, I...
Narration: *The conversation was almost entirely one-sided.*
Narration: *My mother's responses were mostly monosyllabic. It was difficult to tell if she was even listening.*
Narration: *Even so, I continued to chatter away.*
Yumiko: Nice weather again, isn't it?
Narration: *Eventually I ran out of things to talk about, and changed the topic to the weather out of desperation. But by then even the monosyllabic responses had trickled to a halt.*
Yumiko: ......
Misako: ......
Narration: *Time flowed by in silence. One minute of stillness. Three. Five.*
Narration: *Finally, my mother slowly opened her mouth to speak. Even before the words came, my body twitched in alarm.*
Misako: I'm sorry... I really am... for being such a useless mother...
Yumiko: That's not...
Narration: *When my mother spoke to me, it was always to deliver an apology.*
Narration: *That was why I babbled away so persistently. I didn't want to give her the chance to speak.*
Yumiko: ...I've got to be getting back now, okay?
Misako: I see...
Narration: *Folding the chair with a few practiced movements, I leaned it against the small shelf on the wall.*
Yumiko: Bye, Mom... I'll see you tomorrow.
Narration: *I came to this place in search of connection. And every day I went home with nothing but disappointment.*
Narration: *To be honest, those visits were painful for me. Sometimes I thought about how much nicer it would be just to stop coming entirely.*
Narration: *But without my faint connection to my mother, I would be adrift in a sea of nothingness. I had no choice but to hold stubbornly to that single lifeline.*
Narration: *I wasn't under any illusions that my conversations with Mom were doing her any good. In fact, her physician had begun to indirectly allude otherwise.*
Narration: *Something along the lines of "You don't have to come every single day, dear."*
Narration: *But I was afraid. What if my mother did recover? If I abandoned her now, she might not take me with her when she returned to our old home.*
Narration: *I didn't have many pleasant memories of that place, but at least there I was something other than an object of scorn. At least there I had something like an identity. And I couldn't return unless my mother took me with her.*
Narration: *I hated myself for those selfish thoughts, but I didn't stop visiting.*
Narration: *Pushing everything that had brought us there out of my mind, I clung stubbornly to the childish hope of a happy ending waiting around the next corner.*
Narration: *The first year of my middle school life flowed by aimlessly.*
Narration: *The only thing I had gained in that time was a bit of textbook knowledge. Apart from that, I hadn't learned a thing.*
Narration: *I'm fairly sure my grades were good. I didn't want to give anyone the chance to criticize me on that front. Becoming a "difficult child" would be too risky; my place in the world was tenuous enough as it was.*
Narration: *Thinking back on it now, I might have been happier just running away. But having spent my entire life shut up inside a box, the idea of trying to escape didn't even occur to me.*
Yumiko: ...I'm off.
Narration: *Just as one year ago, I said goodbye to no one in particular and left the house alone.*
Narration: *Nothing had changed. The scenery was the same; my life was the same. Everything in that country town was static.*
Toshie: ...Please don't resent the master and missus. They were originally very kind people, you know?
Narration: *That morning, when Toshie-san handed me my lunch box, I found myself grumbling a few rare complaints about my situation.*
Narration: *The targets were mainly my grandparents. We'd been living together for many years now, and still they only spoke to me when it was absolutely necessary. Every moment I spent in that house made me feel as if I was slowly suffocating.*
Yumiko: But... Grandpa and Grandma act like I'm not even there...
Toshie: When you become poor, the heart grows impoverished as well. They're too tense and busy to give you the attention you deserve, dear. Once the business recovers, I'm sure that will change.
Yumiko: I'm not so sure about that...
Toshie: You're a very sweet girl, Miss Yumiko. I'm sure they'll realize that someday. Until then, please try to make do with your decrepit old neighbor.
Yumiko: Make do...? That's not funny, Toshie-san... You're always looking after me...
Toshie: Miss Yumiko...
Narration: *Nothing about our household had changed in years.*
Narration: *As always, our lifestyle was dependent on Toshie-san's quiet assistance. She took care of us all without a single complaint.*
Narration: *But I hadn't seen my grandparents show her gratitude for everything she did. Not even once.*
Narration: *Toshie-san's son, who lived with his wife in the neighborhood, clearly wanted to pry his mother away from her unrewarded servitude to the Kawamoto family. I'd overheard them having a heated fight on the topic.*
Narration: *Our life was the same as it had always been, but beneath the surface it was slowly coming apart at the seams.*
Yumiko: I wonder... if Toshie-san's going to stop coming over...
Narration: *One day, I was making my way along a sloping road I had once walked with my mother, bombarded by the cries of cicadas.*
Narration: *The area around my grandparents' home was a district with strict regulations on the height and variety of buildings, so the scenery hadn't changed much in the years since my mother entered the hospital.*
Narration: *It was picturesque in a way that seemed to appeal to rich people; many city-dwellers had their second houses nearby. But I could never come to enjoy the scenery. It left me cold.*
Narration: *The things that mattered to me changed for the worse. But the things I hated, the things that left me cold, never seemed to go away.*
Narration: *Driven by frustrating, indistinct feelings of powerlessness, I began to walk faster.*
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *But with a flinch of surprise, my legs suddenly came to a halt.*
Reporter: Hey there. Morning, Yumiko-chan.
Yumiko: ......
Reporter: On your way to school? No need to stop walking. Just wondering if you'd mind having a little chat...
Narration: *After that moment of hesitation, my legs began to move once more. Faster than before.*
Narration: *Striding along almost like a racewalker, I hurried down the road leading to my school.*
Reporter: Seems like your dad's been getting up to a few things lately. There's been a bit of a commotion, actually.
Yumiko: ......
Reporter: Yumiko-chan, do you know anybody by the name of Ninomiya-san?
Reporter: She's a woman just about your mother's age. Remember anything about her? Seriously, anything's fine. I'd really appreciate it.
Yumiko: ......
Reporter: Also, this is more about your family... Back when your mom and dad were living together, do you remember having a helper by the name of...
Yumiko: ...Mister.
Reporter: Oh? What's up, Yumiko-chan?
Narration: *Coming to an abrupt halt, I turned to face the man.*
Yumiko: As I've told you before, I don't have anything to say, and I'm not going to answer your questions!
Reporter: ......
Yumiko: Please stop following me around like this!
Reporter: U-Uh, look, Yumiko-chan, I wasn't...
Yumiko: ...And while you're at it, stop calling me that. I don't recall being your friend.
Reporter: ......
Yumiko: ...Excuse me.
Reporter: ...Sheesh. Must get that from her father...
Narration: *There was one significant change in my stagnant life.*
Narration: *A reporter from a gossip magazine, whose job seemed to consist of digging for information on my father, was making a habit of loitering around me.*
Narration: *I had first met him during the winter of my first year in junior high.*
Narration: *At time, I was still comically naive. He approached with kind words and sympathy - two things I wasn't used to getting - and convinced me to open up to him about my family circumstances.*
Narration: *Pathetic as it was, I didn't realize it was all for an article until the moment my grandmother threw the tabloid in my face and delivered a furious scolding.*
Narration: *Humiliated and bitter, I swore to myself to never again discuss personal matters with strangers. Or to trust their "compassion."*
Narration: *...And despite it all, the very same "journalist" had the nerve to show his face in front of me again. Every time something happened, he'd come around sniffing for scraps of information.*
Narration: *Speaking with him felt like brushing against an enormous and particularly slimy leech. I marched ahead as quickly as I could, one fierce step after another, trying to shake off the lingering residue of our encounter.*
Narration: *But then again, the place I was hurrying to wasn't exactly pleasant in its own right.*
Classmate　A: So I saw Yamacchi by th' station, right? Around the roundabout. But when I say "hey," he just friggin' runs away.
Classmate　B: That guy never hangs out with us anymore. Guess he did get himself a girlfriend or whatever.
Classmate　C: Huh? No way! Who's Yamacchi going out with?
Classmate　A: What, you didn't hear? Y'know Kimoto in class C? It's his...
Yumiko: ......
Classmate　A: ......
Classmate　B: ......
Classmate　C: ......
Narration: *It would've been much easier if they'd simply treated me like I didn't exist.*
Narration: *Their clumsy method of "ignoring" me could sometimes become a weapon as sharp as any insult.*
Narration: *I was well past the point of letting each and every sudden silence weigh on my mind, but it still wasn't exactly a pleasant feeling.*
Classmate　A: ...Little Miss Sunshine's showed up yet again.
Classmate　B: ...Guess her grades are pretty good, but her mom's in the hospital for one of "those" diseases, right?
Classmate　C: That's kind of freaky. Wonder if it runs in the family...
Narration: *The more I tried to ignore them, the more their whispers seemed to pierce their way into my ears.*
Narration: *A year had passed since I'd first set foot in the school. By then, there wasn't a single person in my class who didn't know all about my family.*
Narration: *There's no such thing as privacy in the countryside. The real nature of my mother's illness, which should have been kept absolutely confidential by the hospital, had filtered all the way down to middle schoolers' gossip.*
Narration: *A purely academic question occurred to me: if this wasn't "despair," then what exactly would qualify?*
Yumiko: ...No escape here, either...
Narration: *I opened my sketchbook beneath my desk, making sure that nobody could see.*
Narration: *I'd kept at my art. And flipping through the book, it was obvious that my ability to depict fine details had come a long way in the last year.*
Narration: *But all that really proved was how obsessively I'd sought escape. How deeply detached I'd grown from the world around me. Rather than pride, I felt something like nausea.*
Narration: *Even my art was beginning to lose its value as a refuge.*
Narration: *The room was pure white.*
Narration: *Nothing had changed here. Not the room, not even my mother's posture in her bed. It was as if I'd never left.*
Narration: *Every time I walked in that door and saw her sitting there, I felt a surge of irrepressible pity run through me.*
Yumiko: Mom... I'm here.
Misako: Aah, Yumiko. Come in...
Narration: *As always, I saw my mother in profile.*
Narration: *As always, her gaze didn't turn to me. As always, she smiled quietly.*
Narration: *But there was no tenderness in that expression. She was simply moving her face into that shape. It was an empty imitation of a real smile.*
Yumiko: I brought your books...
Narration: *I lowered a small bundle of books and weekly magazines my mother had requested on the shelf beside her bed.*
Narration: *They usually came with the mail, but sometimes I happened to run into a nurse who would hand them over to me for a more personal delivery.*
Misako: Ah. Thank you...
Narration: *Of course, the "weeklies" in question were respectable, established publications that largely kept away from the scandals and rumors circulated by the tabloids.*
Narration: *We couldn't take the risk of her reading something like that article I'd unwittingly contributed to the previous winter. It undoubtedly would've set back her treatment, which was already proceeding slowly enough.*
Narration: *My mother's newfound reading habit seemed to be part of an attempt to learn more about my father and the company he was running.*
Narration: *Looking at that thick pile of magazines and books, I felt my chest tighten at her obvious desperation. Mom had never known much about the business; I would've been surprised if she could understand half of what she was reading.*
Yumiko: The nurse told me you didn't quite finish your lunch today.
Misako: I see...
Yumiko: I'll have to get Toshie-san to make you a meal next time. I'm sure that'd be a lot tastier than what they serve in a hospital...
Misako: I see...
Narration: *Our interactions followed the same familiar pattern.*
Narration: *I chattered away relentlessly, while my mother muttered vaguely.*
Narration: *Lately, even those monosyllabic responses had grown repetitive and careless.*
Narration: *Almost as if she was beginning to treat the world with the same careless disinterest my father had shown her.*
Narration: *It was a particularly difficult visit. My mother barely spoke, and I ran out of things to say fairly quickly.*
Narration: *As the hours I spent at school had grown increasingly suffocating, I was spending more and more time wandering around in search of quiet places where I could be alone. These days I frequently found myself lacking for stories to tell.*
Yumiko: I guess I should be going home...
Narration: *I rose quietly from my seat. My mother's face, as always, didn't turn toward me.*
Narration: *It had been a truly pathetic excuse for a conversation, and I had little hope tomorrow would be any better.*
Narration: *The things I wanted to stay the same fell apart. The things I wanted to change stayed exactly as they were.*
Narration: *Time no longer seemed to be flowing. It was a stagnant, brackish pool, and even treading water was becoming a struggle.*
Misako: If...
Narration: *But as I prepared to leave, my mother spoke.*
Narration: *That hadn't happened for quite some time.*
Yumiko: Mom...?
Narration: *That one word came as a complete surprise.*
Narration: *Was she about to say something? Despite it all, I found myself pausing expectantly. Hoping for some positive sign.*
Narration: *Thinking the matter over calmly, it was foolish to even imagine her mood had suddenly changed. But I was so starved for a glimmer of hope that my mind latched on to the most optimistic possible interpretation.*
Narration: *And then, with a few simple words, my naive happy-end scenario shattered like the fragile piece of glass it had always been.*
Misako: If only you'd been a boy...
Narration: *My mother had never said anything like that before.*
Narration: *No doubt the thought had crossed her mind, but so long as she had even a shred of rationality remaining, the words could never have passed her lips.*
Yumiko: Wh...
Narration: *After all, if she were to say that―*
Yumiko: ...M-Mom...
Narration: *Then nothing could ever change. Except to fall apart.*
Misako: Why couldn't you have been a boy...?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Something slipped out of my hands and clattered to the floor.*
Narration: *A visitor from the company had dropped off a few jelly deserts. I'd been taking one from the shelf with a spoon. My mother had been skipping her meals lately, but I thought she might at least manage to eat that.*
Narration: *Considering the season, a white peach jelly seemed appropriate. Maybe it would be easier for her to hold a spoon with a flat handle? Moments before, those were the only thoughts in my mind.*
Narration: *They were gone now. Obliterated by my mother's words so completely that it was as if they'd never existed.*
Narration: *I ran as fast as I could, pushing my heart so hard I thought it might just sputter to a stop.*
Narration: *Down the slope in front of the hospital. Up again. Onto a large, curving detour. Past the station. Around the corner from a small cleaning store. Into the remains of an abandoned factory. Only then, absolutely confident that I was alone, did I finally come to a halt.*
Narration: *Gasping for air, I doubled over and held my trembling legs with both hands, propping up a body that seemed ready to collapse.*
Narration: *The world flickered before my oxygen-starved eyes. My peripheral vision was dim and clouded, as though I was peering out from inside a tunnel.*
Yumiko: Haaa... haaa... haaa...!
Narration: *I could feel sweat pouring out from all over my body. My hair and clothes were completely disheveled.*
Narration: *I'd fallen at some point on the way over; there were scrapes on my knee and elbow. I pushed myself erect, a tattered mess of a girl.*
Yumiko: Haaaa, aah... aah... *Sob*... *Sob*...!
Narration: *But I couldn't have cared less about any of that. After all, the tears streaming uncontrollably down my face were far more blatantly pathetic than my beat-up clothing.*
Yumiko: What... am I suh... huh, s'pposed to do... about it...!?
Narration: *I could've endured it if she'd complained about something I could fix.*
Narration: *I could've behaved better. There was still room for my grades to improve.*
Narration: *I could've made myself more presentable. I could've cut every strand of hair to the exact same length; I could've learned to walk in a refined way, at an absolutely steady pace.*
Narration: *But no matter what, I was powerless to undo the reality of my own birth.*
Narration: *Why did she have to choose the one thing I could never, ever change?*
Narration: *My grandparents were right back then. If it was possible, she should've just "tried again."*
Narration: *She should've crushed that egg in the womb and pretended it never happened.*
Narration: *Better that than this hopelessness. This irreparably broken life.*
Yumiko: It's not like I... asked... to be...!
Narration: *Placing my hands against my breasts, I pushed down with all my strength.*
Narration: *How could a thing so totally beyond my control bring me such misery?*
Yumiko: Ow...!
Narration: *I felt a dull, throbbing pain deep inside my chest.*
Narration: *The painful pressure was accompanied by a slight twinge of stimulation. Even as I rejected it, my body reminded me that I was female.*
Yumiko: It hurts... It hurts...!
Narration: *There was pain. But at the same time, I could feel the blood throughout my body beginning to stir in an unfamiliar way.*
Narration: *Instinctively, I knew that it was something sexual. And I shivered with pure loathing.*
Narration: *I hated my body. I hated the woman it was becoming.*
Yumiko: I hate it... I can't... take this...
Narration: *I didn't ask for that misery. I had no say in my crime. It was born with me.*
Narration: *But so long as I lived, the pain would always be lurking somewhere deep inside me.*
Narration: *"If only you'd been a boy." With one phrase, anyone could reduce me to nothing.*
Narration: *I could study all I wanted. I could be the sweetest, most well-behaved person in the world. But so long as I stayed in that body, my naked vulnerability would never go away.*
Yumiko: All that... for what...!?
Narration: *I threw open my bag and took out my pencil box.*
Narration: *Flipping open the lid, I retrieved the box cutter I used as a makeshift sharpener for my colored pencils.*
Narration: *I wonder when exactly I began to find the act of cutting things apart pleasant?*
Narration: *The clicking of the blade emerging from its sheath. The sound of something once whole being severed apart. Those had become calming sounds to me.*
Narration: *How wonderful would it be if I could slice away my femininity with a single box cutter?*
Narration: *How wonderful would it be if I could sever my fate with the touch of a blade?*
Narration: *How wonderful would it be if one movement of my hand could cut me free of all the troubles that coiled around me and choked the air from my lungs?*
Narration: *As I cut savagely through the long, identical bundles of black, such thoughts ran through my head one after another.*
Narration: *On the boiling concrete, speckled with the remnants of faded paint, clumps of black gathered.*
Narration: *They fell like a vile rain until the sun-heated ground was covered in them.*
Narration: *I could feel the gloom in my heart fading as I looked down into the darkness.*
Narration: *But in its place, that dirty blackness left a layer of filth inside me that could never be cleaned away―*
Classmate　A: Idiot. Y'got it all wrong, okay?
Classmate　B: Don't gimme that, you always... H-Hey. Hold on, look at that...
Classmate　A: Huh...? Whoa, what th'...
Yumiko: ......
Classmate　A: The heck's with that hairstyle?
Classmate　B: She looks like a friggin' boy.
Classmate　C: Did she cut that herself...?
Classmate　D: Looks that way. But seriously, why?
Classmate　A: Maybe they ran out of money over there again?
Classmate　B: Oh c'mon, I think even they can afford a friggin' haircut...
Classmate　C: Uhm, I'd hope so. *Snicker*...
Classmates: Ahahaha...
Narration: *When I showed up for school with a hairstyle more appropriate for a boy, my classmates' reaction was exactly what I'd expected. They made no effort to hide their amusement.*
Narration: *I'd gotten that far uneventfully, not giving them much to work with, so perhaps there was a bit of a recoil effect. Whatever the case, my rough bob-cut became an easy target for mockery and speculation.*
Narration: *Of course, there wasn't a single person there who showed any concern for me.*
Grandmother: ......
Narration: *My grandmother was simply lost for words at first.*
Narration: *Not that the aghast expression on her face meant she was worried about me...*
Grandmother: ...This will be the last time you behave in such an unbecoming manner. Do you understand me, young lady?
Narration: *The one and only thing she was concerned about was how poorly my actions would appear in the eyes of society.*
Yumiko: ...Yes. I'm sorry...
Grandmother: ...Honestly. Utterly shameful...
Narration: *My grandmother, muttering about "shame" and "humiliation," averted her eyes and disappeared inside the house.*
Narration: *And for a very long time, I sat alone in my room, utterly silent except for the voices of the cicadas.*
Toshie: Oh my, Miss Yumiko... What on earth happened to your hair...?
Yumiko: ...I'm sorry...
Toshie: You don't have anything to apologize for, Miss... You poor thing...
Narration: *Toshie-san was the only person who showed genuine concern for me.*
Narration: *But it didn't make me feel any better to know I'd made the kind old woman worry. More than anything else, her sorrowful face made me regret my rashness.*
Narration: *I'd gotten carried away by my emotions and lashed out, but nothing had changed. Nothing was going to change.*
Narration: *For the sake of the one or two people who acknowledged my existence, I decided not to repeat my mistake.*
Narration: *Toshie-san's death came soon thereafter.*
Narration: *As the record-setting heat wave stretched on, the news was constantly occupied with stories of elderly people succumbing to heat stroke. And one day our neighbor, already past her seventieth year, was among them.*
Daughter: ...I'm sorry, but can you please leave?
Yumiko: ...Don't say that... Please, at least let me offer incense...
Daughter: ...Yumiko-san. You're aware of the reason my mother collapsed, aren't you?
Yumiko: ...I...
Daughter: She worked day in and day out for the Kawamoto family. Without pay. Without so much as a word of thanks. Do you have any thoughts on that?
Yumiko: I think... it was inexcusable... That's why...
Daughter: In that case, please stay out of our lives! We don't want anything to do with the Kawamoto family from now on. Let alone with all the strange rumors going around back home...
Yumiko: ......
Son-in-Law: ...Sanae, leave it at that.
Daughter: ...Yes, if you say so.
Daughter: Well then, goodbye...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: I wanted to... at least say "thank you"...
Narration: *Your world is supposed to grow larger as you grow up. Mine seemed only to be shrinking ever smaller.*
Narration: *I'd lost Toshie-san. And with her, the small place of refuge in front of our door vanished as well.*
Narration: *Just as I was on the verge of giving up...*
Narration: *Finally, at long last, a small ray of light broke through the wall of dark clouds.*
Yumiko: Mom, you seem to be feeling well...
Narration: *My mother was eating a mandarin orange served as a treat after her meal. Her expression was as placid as always.*
Misako: Yes. For some reason, my body feels a little lighter today...
Narration: *But for once, it didn't look like a mask she'd plastered onto her face. The peace in her eyes seemed real, something that had flowed naturally to the surface from deep inside her.*
Narration: *Our retreat to the quiet of the countryside hadn't done much at first - if anything, our family tensions had probably taken a toll on my mother. But after many years of peace, it seemed her mind was slowly beginning to regain its equilibrium. The recent downturn had given way to weeks of steady improvement.*
Narration: *Once you can meet your own needs, it becomes possible to worry about the needs of others. My mother had begun to give my questions real responses for the first time in years.*
Yumiko: The doctor said all the signs are good. Apparently you won't have to take as much medicine starting next week, and...
Narration: *We'd never been able to discuss her treatment, but lately it had become a safe topic of conversation.*
Narration: *Specifically, her progress was so promising that a discharge from the hospital was coming into view at long last.*
Yumiko: Next Monday, Grandma and I will be talking to the doctor, so we'll ask all about what happens next. And then...
Misako: Yumiko...
Yumiko: ...Huh? What is it, Mom?
Misako: Yumiko, dear... I...
Misako: I'm sorry... I said something terrible to you...
Yumiko: ......!
Misako: You've been doing so much for me all this time... and I gave you some nonsense about wanting a boy...
Yumiko: ...It's okay, Mom. Don't worry... Look, your hands are all messy from eating that orange...
Misako: Ah...
Yumiko: Here, have a tissue. I'll throw away the skin.
Misako: Oh. Yes, thank you...
Yumiko: It's fine. All you need to worry about is getting better...
Yumiko: I've got to get going now. I'll come again tomorrow...
Misako: Oh, already...? You don't have to rush...
Yumiko: I'll be back tomorrow, okay...?
Narration: *I stood up and waved goodbye with a quavery smile.*
Narration: *My mother was still sitting in profile, but I could tell she was smiling in return.*
Narration: *Holding that image in my mind, I slipped quietly out of the room.*
Yumiko: ...*Sniffle*... *Sob*... Aaahaa...
Narration: *The moment I closed the door behind me, the world began to shimmer through a wall of tears.*
Yumiko: Mom... I'm so glad... *Sob*... Aah... *Hic*...
Narration: *I couldn't remember the last time my mother had showed that kind of concern for me. I don't know if she ever had.*
Narration: *By the standard of a healthy parent-child relationship, I guess it was an insignificantly small thing.*
Narration: *But for me, at that moment, those tentative words of compassion were enough to inspire overwhelming happiness.*
Narration: *Happiness so strong that I couldn't help but break down and sob.*
Yumiko: She's getting better. She's really getting better...
Narration: *I spoke the words again and again, as if to fix that fact more firmly in reality.*
Narration: *Perhaps Toshie-san had taken pity on me and stopped by to heal my mother on her way to heaven.*
Narration: *Things were suddenly moving in such a positive direction that such thoughts seemed almost plausible.*
Narration: *The next week, my grandmother and I went to meet with Mom's physician for an update on her condition.*
Narration: *Normally I was the only one who attended those meetings, but the progress was significant enough that he asked grandma to come as well.*
Physician: Misako-san is without a doubt improving rapidly.
Narration: *Flipping through the papers in his hand, he gave us a detailed account of my mother's symptoms and current status.*
Narration: *Not that I really needed to hear any of it; I already knew she was recovering. For someone who'd visited her every single day for years, it was impossible to miss the transformation.*
Grandmother: D-Does that mean my daughter's going to be all right...?
Narration: *Once the doctor's explanation came to an end, my grandmother leaned forward, clinging to his arm as she spoke.*
Physician: Her treatment's progressing very smoothly. At this point, I think it's safe to begin preparing for her discharge and return.
Narration: *The moment those words left his mouth, my grandmother lowered her head so deeply I thought she might topple out of her chair and prostrate herself on the floor.*
Grandmother: Thank you. Thank you so much, doctor...
Physician: Please stop. You don't have to bow to me, ma'am...
Grandmother: Now we can finally make everything up to Sakaki-san and his family... Thank you so much...
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Grandma continued to lavish her thanks on the doctor. As always, doing her best to pretend that I wasn't even in the room.*
Narration: *Mom's return to her husband would ensure that the Kawamoto business would continue receiving support from the Sakaki family. It was blatantly obvious from my grandmother's words that it was the sole reason for her gratitude.*
Narration: *To the woman who'd brought her into the world, my mother was nothing but a defective political tool. But that only strengthened my determination to take care of her.*
Narration: *Once the doctor's explanation was over, my grandmother went straight home without even stopping by to see her daughter's face.*
Narration: *I heard her muttering the names of business partners to herself as she went. She was probably planning to hurry back to the house and inform them of the news.*
Narration: *Then again, I wasn't exactly eager to have her visit my mother with that sort of an attitude, so if anything her quick departure was convenient.*
Yumiko: They've decided to discharge you from the hospital next week, Mom.
Narration: *Dropping a pile of magazines and books onto the shelf as usual, I spoke to my mother in a tone of sincere cheerfulness.*
Misako: I see... Then I suppose we won't have to trouble Grandma and Grandpa anymore...
Yumiko: Yeah.
Misako: And of course, you won't have to hike over here every day to check up on me like this... That'll be the greatest relief of all.
Yumiko: Mom...
Misako: I feel terrible about having been such a burden on you, Yumiko...
Narration: *My mother spoke those words with real remorse in her voice.*
Narration: *But at that moment, the "burden" didn't seem so heavy. My mother's feelings were more than enough compensation.*
Misako: Could you open the curtains for me, dear...?
Yumiko: Sure.
Narration: *Just as requested, I pulled back the curtains from the window at Mom's side.*
Narration: *A vault of blue stretched out beyond the panes of glass. It was the very picture of a summer sky.*
Narration: *Compared to the heart of the city where the Sakaki house stood, the blue in that place seemed far more pure and vivid.*
Misako: Nice weather again today.
Yumiko: Yeah...
Misako: When I finally leave this place, I'd like to go up to the roof just once to watch the sky...
Narration: *Toshie-san told me once that my mother had always enjoyed gazing at the sky. She didn't look for anything in particular - just tilted her head back and watched. And when people asked her why, she could never find an answer. *
Narration: *Memories from the day we first came to the town flashed into my mind. We'd walked hand in hand under a beautiful blue sky, but Mother's dull, lifeless eyes had never left the path below our feet.*
Narration: *But she had finally remembered the sky. That could only mean she was on her way to recovery.*
Yumiko: That sounds nice. When they discharge you, let's look at the sky together...
Misako: Yes... let's do that.
Narration: *It occurred to me that I didn't have a single memory of the two of us doing something like that "together."*
Narration: *I found myself very much looking forward to the small event that would accompany my mother's discharge from the hospital.*
Narration: *―Everything was moving in a positive direction.*
Narration: *The stupidly optimistic scenario I had sketched out in my imagination was coming closer and closer to reality.*
Narration: *My mother's recovery produced clear changes in my own emotions.*
Narration: *I'd barely spoken to anyone in the weeks since Toshie-san's death, but I was slowly beginning to communicate with those around me.*
Narration: *My grandparents still kept their distance. But if I approached them myself using my mother as a pretext, I could at least get them to have a conversation with me.*
Narration: *Mom's recovery was their primary objective, after all. They couldn't avoid hearing me out if I brought it up.*
Narration: *Watching my grandparents interact with me despite obvious reluctance, I felt as though I'd achieved a small but significant rebellion against the people who'd spent years ignoring my very existence.*
Narration: *I'm right here. I'm in an important position. More than anything else, that sense of meaning gave me strength.*
Narration: *In school, the others still rejected my very existence, but that didn't bother me much anymore.*
Narration: *I would be returning to the Sakaki house once my mother recovered. This hollow school life would be over soon enough.*
Narration: *The end was in sight; that suffocating feeling of entrapment was gone. No matter what they said about me, no matter how they laughed, it rolled off me harmlessly.*
Narration: *Three days before my mother was scheduled to leave the hospital, I was hurrying to school through the rain.*
Narration: *The drizzle that had begun a little after midnight was just picking up into a steady, heavy rain as I left the house. My umbrella wasn't enough to catch it all.*
Narration: *Pausing for a moment, I glanced up at the angry sky beyond the edge of my umbrella.*
Narration: *It was covered in deep black clouds from horizon to horizon, without so much as a patch of clear sky in between.*
Yumiko: Mom must be feeling a little down...
Narration: *Since our conversation the other day, Mom had begun to spend a lot of time looking out her window.*
Narration: *That was nice enough when the weather was clear, but staring up at a menacing sky like that might inspire a bit of gloominess just as her feelings were finally starting to take an upward swing.*
Narration: *I'd have to hurry to the hospital and cheer Mom up as soon as school was over. With that thought, I began to walk again―*
Yumiko: Ah...
Narration: *And just as I reached the intersection between the road to school and the main street leading to the station, a familiar face appeared from around the corner.*
Reporter: Hey there. Been a while, Yumiko-chan. How've you been?
Yumiko: You again...!?
Narration: *But it wasn't a face I was eager to see.*
Narration: *I instantly recognized the tabloid reporter who had once wheedled me into becoming a "source" for an article that mixed fragments of truth with innuendo and lies.*
Narration: *Standing under a large jet-black umbrella that seemed to mirror the rainclouds above, he looked me over with a faint smile on his face.*
Reporter: Well, well. You've gotten awfully cute since the last time I saw you. Get those looks from your mom? Or maybe your dad?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *His words seemed to have grown even greasier and more presumptuous than before.*
Narration: *When I walked past him silently, the reporter fell easily in beside me, keeping pace as though I'd invited him to follow.*
Reporter: Had a little something to ask you, and I was in the neighborhood, so I decided to drop by. Think we could talk in that coffee shop or something...?
Yumiko: ...I believe I already informed you that I don't have anything whatsoever to discuss with you.
Reporter: Don't say that. We're talking about your father here, right? I'm sure there's plenty of things for us to talk about.
Yumiko: You're mistaken. I haven't even seen my father in many years.
Narration: *It was incredibly unpleasant to have this man bring up that topic now.*
Narration: *The Sakaki house was the invisible mass around which we all orbited. I knew my current lifestyle was possible only because of his financial support, but sometimes I couldn't help feeling a powerful burst of resentment toward the father I barely knew.*
Narration: *...In particular, when people carelessly assumed we must have some kind of relationship.*
Yumiko: For the last time, I don't want to talk to you. Please stop following me around before any strange rumors get started...
Narration: *Stopping briefly, I spat out the clearest possible rejection, then quickly turned around to leave.*
Narration: *I couldn't allow trouble of this sort to arise so soon before Mom was to leave the hospital. There was no telling how speaking to this man for even the briefest of moments might come back to haunt me.*
Reporter: ...You sure about that?
Narration: *The reporter, no longer trying to follow, called out to me from behind.*
Narration: *His words were suggestive, his tone unusually serious. I came to a halt despite myself.*
Yumiko: ...What on earth is that supposed to mean?
Narration: *Rationally, I understand. It would've been the same either way.*
Narration: *I know that it wasn't the cause of what would follow.*
Narration: *But still, somewhere deep down inside, I can't help believing everything would've been different if only I had walked away.*
Reporter: I mean, you can't just ignore the birth of your little brother, can you?
Narration: *"......"*
Narration: *"...What?"*
Yumiko: Little... brother...?
Narration: *When I turned back to face him, the man was wiping at his rain-damp forehead with a knowing smirk on his face.*
Reporter: Guess you didn't see this article? Well, not that it's the sort of magazine you'd be reading, Yumiko-chan.
Narration: *The reporter reached out and presented me with a magazine, already open to a certain article.*
Narration: *Practically grabbing it from his hands, I ran my eyes frantically across the page.*
Yumiko: ......!
Narration: *And the moment I saw that headline, the blood in my veins seemed to freeze solid.*
Yumiko: ...What... is this...?
Narration: *East Beach Express President Sakaki Michiaki's Illegitimate Child!?*
Narration: *Long-awaited son born to a mistress*
Narration: *Bold sans-serif headlines, emphasized by sharp decorative flourishes. Below, the face of a man I hadn't seen in a while lined up with the portrait of his unfamiliar "partner."*
Narration: *Paragraphs full of vicious words that I could barely stand to read. And at the very end, one sentence that plunged me below even despair.*
Narration: *As I had doubted my ears in a hospital room weeks before, this time I doubted my eyes.*
Narration: *Currently arranging for a divorce from his wife*
Narration: *Those few brief words, buried in the final paragraph as if they were the most trivial thing in the world, hit me with the force of a hurricane.*
Yumiko: That's not... This... can't...
Narration: *I'd heard the rumors. I more or less understood that father was "that sort of person."*
Narration: *But there was no worse way to have those suspicions confirmed.*
Narration: *Why? Why now, when my mother was recuperating in the hospital? Why now, when she was finally getting better? Was this article even true?*
Narration: *Many thoughts swirled chaotically through my head. My hands trembled and lost their hold on the hateful piece of paper.*
Reporter: Whoa, hey now, don't drop it. This is a source in its own right, y'know...
Narration: *The magazine fell to the wet pavement with a slap. As it hit the ground, the pages that had been folded back flipped around, revealing the cover.*
Narration: *And as if to turn the dagger in my wound, one final piece of information was revealed to me.*
Yumiko: Wait, this magazine...
Narration: *A tasteful work from a well-known painter, behind a number of carefully arranged headlines in a firm serif typeface.*
Narration: *A weekly magazine, but one that clearly distinguished itself from the tabloids and gossip rags. A magazine of some credibility.*
Narration: *A magazine my mother asked for every week...*
Yumiko: ......!
Reporter: Yeah, so that's how it is. I'd love to hear your thoughts on this as a new big sister, if you could spare...
Reporter: Uh, wait, hey...!
Narration: *Charging off the sidewalk that ran alongside the prefectural highway, I sprinted all-out along a farm road, slanting diagonally away through fields of green.*
Narration: *The path didn't turn toward my school, so it offered an ever-so-slightly more direct route.*
Narration: *But it was only a farm road; in places, it hadn't even been paved. It was an extremely difficult course to run on a rainy day.*
Yumiko: If Mom... reads that...!
Narration: *...But I didn't have the luxury of worrying about that right at the moment.*
Narration: *I needed to get to the hospital as soon as I possibly could. I needed to stop my mother.*
Narration: *With the recent improvement in her condition, Mom had started to leave her room and visit the hospital store to purchase her own books and magazines.*
Narration: *If the nurses were still delivering them with the mail, there was at least a chance they'd check for articles that might upset her.*
Narration: *But it was hard to imagine the clerks in the shop would've been told to do the same.*
Yumiko: Why... Why did this have to...!
Narration: *Halfway there, I could no longer muster the effort to keep my umbrella upright above me. I let the rain strike me and focused all my attention on running.*
Narration: *Water went flying with every heavy stride, slapping against my legs, soaking my skirt.*
Narration: *The small ember of satisfaction warming my chest only minutes before had been smothered completely out of existence. I was cold to my very core.*
Yumiko: Haaah, haah, haaa...!
Nurse: Excuse me! No running in the hallways, please!
Yumiko: I-I'm sorry...!
Narration: *My momentum barely slowed after arriving at the hospital.*
Narration: *I understood perfectly well that running in the hallways was off-limits. But the rules I'd always obeyed mattered less than reaching my destination even a moment sooner.*
Yumiko: Mom... Mom!
Narration: *Turning a corner on the third floor, I finally entered the wing reserved for private rooms.*
Narration: *A moment later, my feet came to an abrupt halt.*
Yumiko: Huh...?
Narration: *There was something unusual going on in front of that familiar door. For a moment, I was simply bewildered.*
Narration: *Three strange men in expensive suits were standing just outside my mother's room, talking to each other, just on the verge of entering.*
Narration: *A vague but powerful sense of dread ran through my body like a jolt of electricity.*
Yumiko: What... What are you doing here!?!
Narration: *I shouted angrily as I approached. The man who'd been reaching for the door hesitated.*
Narration: *Before I could continue, the white-haired man at the head of the little group preempted me with a question.*
Man: Pardon me, but who are you...?
Yumiko: I'm the daughter of Sakaki Misako, who's currently recuperating in this room. And who are you people supposed to be!? What do you want with my mother!?
Narration: *Unperturbed by my fierce attitude, the white-haired man answered with a calm smile.*
Man: Ah, so you're Yumiko-san, yes? My apologies for not introducing myself. My name is Tsuda, currently serving as the Sakaki family's chief legal advisor.
Yumiko: Legal... advisor...?
Man: Indeed. I have a minor matter to discuss with your mother, so I decided to drop by for a visit. Do you know if she's in?
Narration: *The magazine article I'd read minutes before flashed vividly before my eyes.*
Narration: *Currently arranging for a divorce.*
Narration: *In a heartbeat, my mind connected those words to this lawyer's sudden arrival.*
Yumiko: ...I won't let you see her.
Man: What...?
Yumiko: You came here to set up a divorce between Mom and Dad, didn't you!? My mother's not well! You have to understand what's going to happen if you discuss that with her now!
Man: Yumiko-san, you seem to be under a grave misunderstanding. We're simply here to discuss your mother's future, and your own...
Yumiko: Liar! I read it all in a magazine just now! I know everything!
Narration: *The man's composed face distorted into a scowl at the word "magazine." He must have been trying to reach us before that information did.*
Man: ...Nothing for it, I guess. Hey.
Other　Men: Yes.
Narration: *With a small movement of the lawyer's hand, the two men who'd been hanging back moved quickly toward me.*
Yumiko: Huh...?
Narration: *They had me physically subdued before I could even register surprise.*
Narration: *One man had slipped behind me and caught my arms in a firm full-nelson. The other stood in front of me like a wall, eliminating any chance of escape.*
Yumiko: Let me go...!
Narration: *I screamed desperately, but they weren't the sort of people to flinch at the cries of a young woman.*
Narration: *The private wing was never a busy place. Today, it was entirely empty. And with the heavy rain drumming down outside, I doubt anyone elsewhere in the building even heard my voice.*
Narration: *And of course, against the strength of two full-grown adults, a child like myself was completely powerless.*
Man: ...Please behave yourself for the moment, Miss.
Narration: *The lawyer's voice had grown cold. It was the all-too-familiar voice of an "adult."*
Man: Sakaki Misako-san, my name is Tsuda. I'm an attorney. I have something to discuss with you, if that would be acceptable. Please excuse the intrusion.
Narration: *His words were extremely polite. If anything, that made them all the more frightening.*
Yumiko: Stop... it...!
Narration: *Ignoring my tear-choked plea, he pushed open the door to my mother's hospital room.*
Yumiko: Wha...?
Narration: *I was the first to react.*
Narration: *The bed sitting by the window, which had always been occupied before, was now empty.*
Man: Stepped out, eh...? Well, that's all right. Let's just wait for her return.
Narration: *In contrast to the perpetually calm lawyer, I was filled with a profound sense of unease.*
Narration: *The doctors always made their rounds at this time of the day; none of the patients were allowed to move around freely. Much less my mother. They'd given her a normal space for the sake of camouflage, but by all rights she belonged in a room with bars on the window.*
Narration: *Normally, it wouldn't be unusual to move a patient only three days from discharge back into the hospital's general ward, but my mother's condition was still delicate. Her physician had decided to handle everything cautiously until the very end.*
Narration: *It just wasn't possible that Mom had simply "stepped out" at this time of day.*
Physician: W-What is this? Who are you people...?
Narration: *The doctor had arrived for his daily rounds. For a moment he simply stared at the bizarre scene inside the room with confusion in his eyes.*
Yumiko: Doctor! My mother! My mother's missing...!
Narration: *Before the lawyer could stand to offer a greeting, I yelped out from the corner where the men had deposited me.*
Physician: Wait, what? I thought I'd been told she was resting in bed only a few minutes ago... Isn't that right?
Narration: *He turned to the nurse at his side for confirmation, a hint of alarm in his voice.*
Nurse: Y-Yes, I'm sure she was here...
Narration: *The startled nurse looked around the room as if expecting to find my mother hiding in a corner.*
Yumiko: This can't be happening...!
Narration: *It was all too much for me to process.*
Narration: *Everything was moving forward smoothly only an hour ago. But now we were derailed, hurtling rapidly away into darkness and confusion, all of our painstaking work falling apart around us.*
Narration: *I had to look for my mother. I had to keep her from finding out about that article. I had to get out of this room, away from these people...*
Narration: *Countless thoughts stampeded wildly through my head, but there was just one thing that seemed clear to me.*
Narration: *I couldn't just sit there waiting. Before anything else, I had to find Mom...!*
Narration: *And all of a sudden, I remembered.*
Misako: When I finally leave this place, I'd like to go up to the roof just once to watch the sky...
Narration: *The words rang out so clearly in my ears that for a moment I thought she was really there, speaking to me.*
Yumiko: Move...!
Narration: *Pushing my way around the man who'd been holding me in check, I slipped past the doctor and dashed out into the deserted hallway.*
Man: H-Hey, where do you think you're going!?
Narration: *I heard voices from behind. I ignored them.*
Narration: *I didn't have any real proof.*
Narration: *But there was nothing else for me to go on, so I had no choice but to cling to my intuition.*
Narration: *Taking the stairs two at a time, I headed for the very top of the building.*
Yumiko: Haaa, haaa...!
Narration: *By the time I managed to struggle all the way to the rooftop, my breath was coming in quick, ragged gasps, and my legs were burning beneath me. I felt about ready to collapse.*
Narration: *After all, I'd sprinted from my house to the hospital, and then from Mom's room up to the roof, with barely a pause in between.*
Yumiko: Kuh...!
Narration: *But my exhaustion was the last thing on my mind.*
Narration: *I threw myself against the door with the last of my momentum, swinging it open wide.*
Yumiko: Mom...!!
Narration: *Alone in the dark, engulfed by the roar of the rainstorm, I screamed for my mother.*
Narration: *It was coming down so hard now that mist was rising from the bare concrete. Even seeing across the rooftop was a challenge.*
Narration: *Naturally enough, given the weather, I couldn't make out any signs of human presence.*
Yumiko: She's... not here...?
Narration: *But just as I muttered those words, a white shadow stirred in the darkness.*
Yumiko: Huh...?
Narration: *It was a human being. A woman dressed in the white clothes of a patient, standing in the rain.*
Narration: *From her height and the length of her hair, I realized at once it was my mother.*
Yumiko: Mom! Mom!!
Narration: *I splashed through the puddles to her side.*
Narration: *She was staring blankly up into the sky, battered by the powerful rain, her entire body utterly soaked.*
Yumiko: What are you doing!? You can't be outside right now! The rain's...!
Narration: *I grabbed my mother by the shoulder and shook her frantically, trying to catch her attention.*
Narration: *But her eyes were fixed on the sky. She didn't so much as budge.*
Narration: *It was obvious at a glance that something was terribly wrong.*
Yumiko: Mom... what's wrong with...?
Narration: *Halfway through the sentence, I noticed something lying on the ground at the very edge of my peripheral vision. It was flapping around in the wind.*
Yumiko: Wh... Huh...?
Narration: *I had the feeling I'd seen it before. Not that long ago, in fact.*
Narration: *That cover. That tasteful painting, the work of a well-known artist. Those headlines set in a restrained, professional font.*
Yumiko: Ah...!
Narration: *The magazine containing that article was lying at my mother's feet.*
Yumiko: No... No...
Narration: *My hand slipped off her shoulder. I staggered backward, barely staying on my feet.*
Narration: *Why had this happened? Why did everything have to fall apart just when we were finally starting to move forward?*
Narration: *Why was my mother standing there, soaking wet? Why did she have that blank expression on her face?*
Narration: *Many questions bubbled to the surface of my mind. None of them had answers. They just sat there suspended in my mind, stagnating, until they putrefied into a pool of solid sludge.*
Misako: Uhm...
Narration: *My mother fixed her lifeless eyes on mine.*
Narration: *I was startled. It was the first time for as long as I could remember that my mother had looked me straight in the face.*
Narration: *But that was, without a doubt, the worst possible way for that chain to be broken.*
Misako: I'm sorry, but... who are you again...?
Narration: *There was no light in Mom's eyes. The words she spoke posed a question, but there was nothing like actual curiosity behind them. It was the voice of a machine.*
Yumiko: What... are you... saying...?
Narration: *I wanted desperately to convince myself she was joking.*
Narration: *But no matter how I tried, I couldn't make myself believe it. The evidence before my eyes was simply too powerful.*
Misako: Who... are you...?
Narration: *Mom's face was paler than white. And at the center of her wide eyes, there were two bottomless dark wells where her pupils had been.*
Narration: *Those tiny spots of black seemed more vast and more profound than the black sky stretching out endlessly above us. I was standing on the edge of an abyss, and I was afraid. It felt as though I might fall into those pools of darkness and disappear.*
Narration: *But I couldn't stop staring. I couldn't avert my eyes from the thing that was trying to swallow me whole. After all, she was the only person left in the world who'd ever acknowledged my existence.*
Yumiko: M... Mom...
Narration: *I called out to her, praying the word might pull her back from across the chasm that separated us.*
Narration: *But it was too wide. My voice was too weak. I was too weak.*
Yumiko: No... No, no...
Narration: *I shrunk away, just one step. My heel slid backward across the wet roof.*
Narration: *And then, for just a moment, it felt as though my body was floating.*
Narration: *Disoriented by a sharp impact to my backside, I didn't realize that I'd been pushed out of the way until I saw the doctor moving past me.*
Physician: Hurry up! Get her to a different wing! Don't let the other patients see her!
Nurse: Y-Yes...!
Narration: *As I sat stunned on the wet concrete, they took my vacant-eyed mother in their arms.*
Narration: *They were carrying her off like an oversized doll. Away from me, to some place I didn't know.*
Yumiko: No! Nooo!!
Narration: *Pushing myself up off the ground, screaming, I ran toward her.*
Narration: *I didn't make it three steps before another nurse caught me in her arms.*
Yumiko: Don't take her! Don't take Mom away!!
Nurse: It's all right, Yumiko-san. It's all right...!
Yumiko: No! Stop! Stop it! Don't take her away!!
Narration: *Rising above the pattering of the black rain, a baleful roar filled the air.*
Narration: *Crawling up from the depths of the earth, demolishing everything in its path.*
Narration: *That sound, like a massive boulder tumbling relentlessly across the world, merged with the scene before my eyes and engraved itself violently onto my heart.*
Yumiko: Mom...!!!
Narration: *I tried to follow with my eyes as they carried her away. I strangled out one final cry.*
Narration: *In response, the world filled with intense light, as though a dozen cameras had flashed at once.*
Narration: *For a moment, I was dazzled.*
Narration: *And by the time my vision returned to normal, there was nothing left to see.*
Narration: *No. Not quite "nothing." On that otherwise empty roof, one water-logged magazine remained.*
Narration: *It was dissolving by now, paper melting away, ink blurring into illegibility. But my memory of the truth it contained wouldn't disappear so easily.*
Narration: *My broken mother was gone. The doctor who'd smiled and told me she would be leaving the hospital was gone. I was absolutely alone.*
Yumiko: Mo...mmy...
Narration: *I crumbled where I stood.*
Narration: *My knees hit the ground first. Then my hands. Then my face.*
Narration: *The wet concrete was pleasantly cold against my cheek.*
Narration: *Maybe if I lay here long enough I would melt away and disappear. Just like that magazine.*
Yumiko: So cold... So hot...
Narration: *The ground was cold, but my body was hot.*
Narration: *I'd used up everything I had. I was empty. I'd given up on the very idea of moving.*
Narration: *The merciless rain continued to pour down on me. Jet-black rain, even though it wasn't night.*
Narration: *The vicious dark water pooled around me, creeping up my body as if to swallow me whole...*

Narration: *...Sometimes, I hate that this country has four seasons.*
Narration: *Just when I'm finally starting to forget, an autumn wind reminds me of a whispered insult. Winter skies bring back cold and lonely memories.*
Narration: *And in summer, when the sudden evening storms arrive, I'm torn apart with every clap of thunder.*
Narration: *Again and again. Until there's nothing left.*
Narration: *One year after my mother's relapse, things had quieted down.*
Narration: *The commotion at the hospital created a bit of a stir around town, but it didn't take long for the talk to trickle to a halt. For one thing, the main character in the story was no longer a resident.*
Narration: *And even our cold-hearted country gossips seemed hesitant to turn a gravely ill woman's condition into one of their nasty little jokes.*
Narration: *I was absent from school for a week after the incident, recovering from the shock and a mild case of pneumonia, but my life eventually returned to its "normal" rhythm.*
Narration: *...That would be the superficial summary, at least.*
Narration: *The trauma of reading that magazine article led to a dramatic downturn in my mother's condition. She was now suffering from acute memory loss.*
Narration: *Her physician, my grandparents, my father, and me - we were all strangers to Mom now. Everyone she met slipped out of her mind within minutes.*
Narration: *These symptoms were far beyond anything a local hospital was equipped to handle. Soon after the incident, Mom was transferred to a specialized psychiatric institution in North Kanto.*
Narration: *Ironically enough, that divorce never actually came to pass. Perhaps my father backed off out of concern for his public image? That, or it was part of some conditional legal arrangement. I don't know.*
Narration: *One thing, however, was perfectly clear. The connection between the Sakaki and Kawamoto houses had been severed.*
Narration: *My two families spent the first months after the incident squabbling by proxy about legal issues and the care of their mutual "burdens."*
Narration: *In the end, the Sakaki continued to cover my mother's medical expenses, but they were no longer providing supplementary support to the Kawamoto family's floundering business.*
Grandmother: We made them take responsibility for Misako, but now they're cutting off the aid entirely... What do you intend to do, dear?
Grandfather: We'll just have to tighten our belts and get through this. I'm sorry, but you'll have to put up with it for now.
Grandmother: ...To think the long-standing Kawamoto house would be reduced to such a meager lifestyle... And they expect us to take care of that girl on top of it all!? Utterly ridiculous!
Grandfather: Honestly... what did we do to deserve this...?
Narration: *Even long after the matter was settled, my grandparents never seemed to tire of moaning about the unfairness of it all.*
Narration: *...And of course, as the easiest target for their bitterness, I once again found myself wedged between a rock and a hard place.*
Narration: *I had the bare minimum required for a "normal" life. They always kept up appearances, after all. But not a day went by when I didn't hear sarcastic, scornful words from the shadows.*
Narration: *I went to a silent school and returned to a silent home.*
Narration: *I'd lost my refuge. I'd lost my hope. All I could do was suffer quietly.*
Narration: *This would be the point where a normal person might "go bad."*
Narration: *But I had been living inside a cage for so long that not even that choice was available to me.*
Narration: *There was a time, just once, when I tried approaching a group of girls with that sort of reputation.*
Narration: *The result was pathetic. In that country town, even the delinquents were mindful of appearances. They turned their backs on me and walked away without a word.*
Narration: *Shunned even by those lowest on the totem pole. For a long moment, I just stood there, rooted to the spot.*
Narration: *And then I found myself looking up into the sky. It looked no different from the day I'd gazed out the window with my mother.*
Narration: *Had Mom always been alone? Was that why she'd spent so much time watching something that never really changed? Now that I was well and truly isolated, I'd begun to think more about her feelings.*
Yumiko: ...I can't even cry.
Narration: *It seemed like a moment worthy of a little sobbing, but it just wasn't happening.*
Narration: *On that day in the rain, I'd used up my lifetime's supply of tears. All that was left was a parched, withered husk of a human being.*
Narration: *A day in early September. Our teacher had fallen ill that afternoon; the final lesson was replaced by a study hall, which I'd spent gazing dully out the window.*
Narration: *That exercise in pure boredom finally complete, I was walking sluggishly down the road toward my grandparents' house, just turning the final corner onto our street―*
Yumiko: ...Huh...?
Narration: *Something was wrong about this picture.*
Narration: *A shiny black luxury car was parked along the thickly-hedged road in front of our house.*
Narration: *The Kawamoto family didn't own a private automobile. My grandfather apparently had one back in the days when the business was doing well, but it was one of the first things to go when the recession hit.*
Narration: *The negotiations with the Sakaki family had always been held in the business office by the station, so it was hard to imagine why such a car could've possibly come.*
Yumiko: Wonder who that is...
Narration: *For a little while, I dawdled outside, staring curiously at the car with its thickly tinted windows.*
Narration: *But after two or three minutes, a voice called to me from inside our house.*
Grandmother: You're late, Yumiko-chan! Come on in! Hurry!
Yumiko: Wha...?
Narration: *I was startled. The friendly attitude was one thing, but it was the very first time since I'd arrived that my grandmother had called me by name.*
Narration: *She wouldn't have done that without a very good reason.*
Yumiko: Yes...
Narration: *After quickly removing my shoes, I let her usher me in to the parlor.*
Narration: *It was the first time in a good four years that I'd been in that room.*
Narration: *The instant I crossed the threshold, five men in black suits stood up simultaneously and bowed in greeting.*
Narration: *As I blinked in bewilderment, my grandmother spoke, a strange little smile twisting her face―*
Grandmother: Come on, Yumiko-chan, sit down right there. This discussion isn't going anywhere without you.
Narration: *And with that, she sat me at the head of the table.*
Narration: *The dusty air of the rarely-used parlor tickling my nose, I looked around me.*
Narration: *All five of the men had deeply serious expressions on their faces. To be honest, I wanted nothing more than to run away.*
Yumiko: ...What on earth is this, all of a sudden...?
Narration: *As soon as the question left my mouth, a man seated to my left took control of the conversation.*
Man: Yumiko-sama, we've come for you on the instructions of your father... Sakaki Michiaki-sama.
Yumiko: Come for me...?
Man: Yes. Your father has been very worried about you since the incident last year. Accordingly, we were sent here to take you home.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *What on earth was this man talking about?*
Narration: *After the "incident" with Mom, my father hadn't showed up in this house even once. I understood that he had a busy professional life, but he didn't even bother to send a message or place a phone call.*
Narration: *Now they expected me to believe he was "worried?" Now, after a full year? Ridiculous. It was mystifying Grandma had even let them in the house, let alone with that simpering grin on her face. Didn't she understand this was nonsense?*
Narration: *But soon I discovered that my grandmother's reactions were perfectly lucid, for reasons that had nothing to do with any of that.*
Grandmother: Isn't that wonderful, Yumiko-chan? Now you can attend a good school and live with your father again!
Grandfather: It's certainly been a long and tangled road, but you don't have a thing to worry about anymore. I'm happy for you.
Yumiko: ...Uhm...
Grandmother: Oh, and it seems your father will be helping this house again! This really is a happy day for us all!
Narration: *Aah. Now I understood.*
Narration: *This was a "question" with no choices. My grandparents had decided the answer beforehand, and were now unilaterally forcing me toward it.*
Narration: *I was so profoundly astonished at their naked self-interest that I couldn't even manage any anger. But it's not as if snapping at them would've achieved anything in the first place. Remaining with them was probably never really an option.*
Yumiko: ...I understand. I'll prepare at once.
Narration: *When I stood from my seat, my grandmother spoke in a sickeningly sweet voice―*
Grandmother: Come now, dear, there's no need to hurry. The gentlemen from the Sakaki house say they'll be paying us another visit tomorrow, so until then...
Yumiko: That's quite all right. They're paying us a visit right now, so I'll leave in that car.
Grandmother: O-Oh, is that so...? Well, if that's what you want to do, Yumiko-chan, I suppose there's no helping it. Right, dear?
Grandfather: Absolutely. It's completely up to you, Yumiko.
Narration: *I was about ready to vomit.*
Narration: *From my grandmother's words, it seemed clear the Sakaki had come with a clear offer in hand: my return in exchange for restored financial support to the Kawamoto business.*
Narration: *My grandparents had considered me a burden from the start, so I imagine they didn't exactly hesitate. It probably felt like selling some piece of junk from the backyard for a huge sum at auction.*
Yumiko: How sordid...
Narration: *I tried muttering the words, but couldn't manage much conviction. After all, I was scuttling around the same "sordid" web.*
Narration: *How could I complain? I wasn't working for my food.*
Narration: *I pulled all the clothes out my chest of drawers, threw them onto my tatami mat, and scowled down at them.*
Yumiko: This is goodbye...
Narration: *I wasn't speaking to my grandparents, the house, or even my mother.*
Narration: *It was a farewell to the person who had "lived" here, idly wasting day after empty day, accomplishing nothing but growing older.*
Narration: *I spoke those words to confirm a simple fact: That room was nothing to me. It held nothing of me.*
Narration: *One by one, I cut the clothes I'd worn in the place to shreds.*
Narration: *The expensive-looking children's clothes I'd brought with me. The generic ready-made supermarket clothes my grandparents had bought me when the need arose. My middle school uniforms.*
Narration: *My face an emotionless mask, I carefully chopped them into tiny pieces.*
Yumiko: ...All done.
Narration: *My "preparations" were complete.*
Narration: *Grabbing the scrapped clothes with both hands, I shoved them right back into my chest of drawers.*
Narration: *It took less than a minute to toss my everyday belongings, art supplies, and sketchbooks into my bag.*
Narration: *Just like that, my life in that place was over. I didn't look back.*
Narration: *After a stiff, formulaic goodbye to my grandparents, I dropped by my school for a few brief formalities, then began the journey home.*
Narration: *Of course, I hadn't seen that "home" in many years. I had only the vaguest memories of the house itself.*
Narration: *I was sincerely happy to be leaving my grandparents behind, but that didn't make me any less uncertain about the new life being thrust on me so abruptly.*
Narration: *The car headed north at high speed, moving from the coastline into the outskirts of the metropolitan area. We were heading for the heart of West Tokyo.*
Yumiko: ...How much longer will it be until we arrive?
Narration: *An elderly man who had introduced himself as the chief of the clerical department at my father's company was behind the wheel.*
Secretary: Unless the roads are particularly congested, we should arrive about thirty minutes from now.
Narration: *Glancing briefly at his GPS screen, he answered my question in a calm tone.*
Yumiko: I see.
Narration: *Sixty kilometers, as the crow flies. That was the distance from my grandparents' house to that of my father.*
Narration: *In the end, my mother had never managed to return to a place less than an hour away by car.*
Narration: *And I myself was only coming back on someone else's power.*
Narration: *I didn't have the slightest idea what was coming next. I wasn't particularly hopeful, but I didn't feel much in the way of despair either.*
Narration: *It would be enough if I could just spend my days quietly until I finally became an adult.*
Narration: *With that thought, I closed my eyes and waited for the car to arrive at its destination.*
Narration: *Just as the chief secretary had told me, we reached my new home about thirty minutes later.*
Yumiko: It's huge...
Narration: *The house was very different from the patchwork image I had sewn together from fragments of my childhood memories. Far more magnificent than I remembered it.*
Narration: *From the outside, the building itself looked like a western-style mansion straight out of a manga. The spacious gardens were surrounded by a high wall; the grounds were covered in so many tall, beautiful trees that it could have been a park.*
Narration: *I had hazy memories of those things, but after years in the country, their scale and magnificence took me by surprise.*
Narration: *...But on an emotional level, the sight left me cold.*
Narration: *My father's actions were one thing. My obedient return at his whistle was another. No matter how splendid the house might have been, when I thought about the foundation it was built on, my thoughts naturally took a turn for the bitter.*
Yumiko: If I was coming back with Mom...
Narration: *I whispered the words to myself, too softly for the driver taking my luggage from the trunk to hear.*
Narration: *Passing through a finely wrought metal gate, I returned to the house I spent my first years in.*
Narration: *The uninspiring luxury was all the more pronounced inside the house itself.*
Narration: *As I took off my shoes and looked around the gleaming entrance hall, I heard footsteps approaching from a side passage.*
Michiaki: Yumiko! You're back! You really have grown up...
Narration: *It probably would've taken me some time to recognize the person standing front of me, if not for the recent photograph I'd seen in a certain magazine one year before.*
Narration: *Face to face with my father for the first time in what felt like decades, I saw a middle-aged man with a reasonably healthy complexion, but a subtle hint of something like gloom in his eyes.*
Yumiko: ...Yes, I've returned.
Narration: *As I lowered my head in a polite bow, my father continued in the same cheerful tone.*
Michiaki: What's the matter? You don't sound very energetic. Tired out by the long car ride?
Yumiko: Uh, I...
Narration: *I was more taken aback than anything else. Considering the way he had treated Mom and me up until that point, his aggressively friendly attitude was incomprehensible.*
Narration: *From what I could remember, my father and I had only spoken a bare handful of times when I was a child. And certainly never like that.*
Narration: *His motives weren't clear to me, but the sudden attempt at intimacy was offputting. I didn't quite know how to respond to it.*
Yumiko: ...I'm all right. I'll just go back to my room and rest for a while.
Narration: *For the moment, I just wanted to cut the nauseating conversation short.*
Michiaki: Right, of course. Whatever you want, Yumiko.
Yumiko: ...Please excuse me.
Narration: *With another bow to my father, I made my way past him, heading for the one part of the house I remembered well.*
Narration: *My very first place of refuge. The bedroom in which I had spent so many hours as a young child.*
Narration: *I climbed the stairs and found my room without the slightest hesitation.*
Narration: *Remembering its location so exactly prompted a brief swell of nostalgic emotion, but that soon gave way to that recurring sense of disgust. My memories there weren't exactly happy in their own right.*
Yumiko: Huh...?
Narration: *The room I entered for the first time in years was so completely changed that I couldn't help raising my voice in surprise.*
Narration: *The badly mismatched desk and bed had been cleared away. In their place was a complete arrangement of fancy furniture and pretty little luxury items, exactly the sort of things that might appeal to a girl of my age.*
Yumiko: They went out of their way to prepare this...?
Narration: *Every part of the decor seemed as if it could have come straight from the set of a movie. The room was filled with fragile, ephemeral things; it felt as though they'd disappear like soap bubbles if I actually touched them.*
Narration: *Normally they would've made me happy. But at the moment, it seemed a hollow gesture.*
Yumiko: ...I'm home, Mom...
Narration: *Sitting on my bed, I murmured those words to myself.*
Narration: *I'd finally managed to return to that house, but my mother wasn't with me.*
Narration: *All I had there was a forced, artificial welcome from the man who had broken her.*
Narration: *...Would I simply resume the same numb, miserable life in a different setting?*
Narration: *Staring up at the ceiling, I could feel the familiar jet-black sludge growing thick inside my chest.*
Narration: *I fought down the crushing feelings of despair as best I could, closed my eyes, and fell asleep.*
Narration: *The next day...*
Narration: *My father had arranged beforehand for my transfer into an all-girls' school some twenty minutes from the mansion by car.*
Narration: *It was a very prestigious institution - I'd actually recognized the name. I felt badly out of place, uncomfortable with my new uniform and the beautiful school building.*
Classmate　A: Hey, is that girl...
Classmate　B: Right, from the Sakaki family...
Narration: *I could hear the whispers from all sides.*
Narration: *Entering the classroom, I sat quietly at an open desk as far from the others as possible.*
Narration: *There was an improvement in one regard: the talk about me wasn't particularly cruel or hostile.*
Classmate　A: There's gotta be something going on with her...
Classmate　B: Yes, she seems... a little difficult to approach...
Narration: *But essentially, I was treated just like before.*
Narration: *My classmates interacted with me in a businesslike way when necessary, and otherwise largely pretended I wasn't there.*
Narration: *A school full of young ladies from upper-crust families was surprisingly uncomfortable in its own way.*
Yumiko: Nice weather...
Narration: *Having completed my formulaic introduction and the first day of classes, I found myself instinctively heading for the rooftop.*
Narration: *After gazing up for a moment, I settled down against a concrete support near the edge of the roof and took out my sketchbook.*
Narration: *I began to draw the sky above me.*
Narration: *A simple pencil hatching, rendering the clouds and sky in shades of grey.*
Narration: *That afternoon, I couldn't stand to look at the world. Anything my eyes settled on repulsed me.*
Narration: *That empty sky was the only thing I could bring myself to observe calmly.*
Narration: *The driver held open the front door to the house for me.*
Narration: *I was delivered to school and back. I didn't even have to open my own doors anymore.*
Narration: *That extreme "courtesy" only intensified my discomfort.*
Servant　1: Welcome home, Miss.
Narration: *The household employees greeted me with smiles so soft and mild it was slightly nauseating.*
Narration: *When I answered with a brief nod, they began to bombard me with words in rapid succession, their tone eager and openly professional.*
Servant　2: Yumiko-sama, would you care for anything to eat?
Yumiko: ...No, that's all right. I'm going to return to my room.
Servant　3: In that case, shall I bring you a drink of some sort?
Yumiko: ...That's all right as well. I'm not particularly thirsty.
Servant　1: In that case, please inform us if there's anything at all that we can do for you.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Yes.
Yumiko: Haaah...
Narration: *Climbing slowly up the stairs, I heaved a heavy sigh.*
Narration: *Would they be putting on that sort of show every single day from now on?*
Narration: *Their deference was so transparently artificial that it was painful rather than flattering.*
Narration: *Given my current position, it just might be possible to order them to stop acting like that...*
Narration: *But I didn't know what repercussions that would have, especially if they were to report it to my father. I ended up deciding it best not to make waves at such an early stage.*
Narration: *I'd been able to postpone it for one day with excuses about my "fatigue," but the time had come.*
Michiaki: It's been a long time since we've had a meal together like this, hasn't it?
Narration: *A glass of wine in one hand, my father turned a radiant smile on me.*
Yumiko: ...Yes.
Narration: *Inside my head, I spat out the words "It's the first time."*
Narration: *From the moment I sat down in front of that luxurious dinner and my beaming father, I was immediately filled with a desperate longing to flee.*
Narration: *I tried a little of the sauteed duck on my plate just to kill a few seconds, but it seemed strangely tasteless and without texture.*
Michiaki: Your teachers are already singing your praises. Your results on the admissions test were superb. It seems the difference in academic level compared to your old school shouldn't be much of a problem.
Narration: *My father, still maintaining the same cheerful tone as the night before, complimented me at great length.*
Yumiko: Yes...
Narration: *All I could manage was to nod and mechanically shovel the food placed in front of me into my mouth.*
Narration: *Course after course, and I couldn't taste a thing.*
Narration: *Had they even put any salt on these? It was like eating hunks of rubber.*
Narration: *Carrying things to my mouth solely for the sake of chewing on them didn't make for a pleasant dining experience. Gradually, I began to ignore my plate in favor of frequent sips of water.*
Yumiko:  (I feel sick...)
Narration: *The tasteless food. Dad's barrage of praise. And myself, sitting there passively just accepting it all. Everything about the scene made me sick.*
Narration: *My emotions only grew darker with every passing minute. This was all some bizarre whim of my father's. That, or a meaningless ceremony he was carrying out in pursuit of some hidden objective. What else could it possibly be?*
Michiaki: Yumiko, have you been letting your hair grow out all this time?
Narration: *I felt my breath catch in my throat.*
Narration: *That summer day. The day when the heat had poured down on me like a rain of molten iron.*
Narration: *The moment when I had clawed at my chest and hacked at my own hair in a spasm of self-loathing. It all came flooding vividly back.*
Yumiko: N... Y-Yes...
Narration: *I almost told him that I'd cut it short once.*
Narration: *But what would be the point of explaining that to this man? It would only throw this little play into chaos.*
Narration: *What on earth did my father mean by asking me a question like that?*
Narration: *Why bring up the very thing that had always marked me as worthless?*
Michiaki: I see. I have to say, it really suits you.
Narration: *My father, a smile on his face, spoke those words in a casual tone of voice.*
Yumiko: ......!!
Michiaki: Yumiko...?
Yumiko: E-Excuse me...
Narration: *Rising from my seat, I ran out of the room, both hands pressed tightly across my mouth.*
Michiaki: Hey! What was in that food...!?
Narration: *I could hear my father snarling at someone behind me, but I didn't have time to be worrying about that.*
Yumiko: Ugh... haah... haah... guh!
Narration: *Acid burned my mouth as I vomited the tasteless food out into the toilet bowl.*
Narration: *None of it had the slightest flavor going down, but coming back up it was powerfully unpleasant. It seemed a bit unfair somehow.*
Yumiko: What sort of... sick joke is this...?
Narration: *Wasn't my sex the entire reason he'd cast Mom aside?*
Narration: *What on earth was my father thinking? How could he say that? Why?*
Narration: *He'd never even looked at me before. This had to be some kind of whim. He'd decided to play house for a while to appease his guilty conscience.*
Narration: *Either that, or he needed to do so for some work-related reason.*
Yumiko: This place... is just as bad...
Narration: *How long would it take before I could find a safe haven?*
Narration: *This was no better than living with my grandparents.*
Narration: *No... in the countryside, at least I wasn't expected to do anything. There were expectations of me here. That made it even more agonizing.*
Yumiko: I don't... want to play... this game... Unh... guh!
Narration: *Tasting the acid rising once more from the depths of my throat, I descended into self-pity.*
Narration: *I would truly have preferred to shut myself up in a dark shed. To reject the world and do nothing at all for the rest of my life.*
Narration: *But so long as I needed food to eat and a bed to sleep in, I had no choice but to play along with my father's momentary "kindness."*
Narration: *The thought triggered a new wave of nausea.*
Narration: *One week passed.*
Narration: *People often say that time flies when you're having fun. Perhaps it's true, because those first seven days seemed to last a century.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Hanging my bag next to my desk, I pulled out my notes and textbooks.*
Narration: *I was as isolated and out of place as ever in my new school.*
Narration: *I'd been studying a good deal, but that was simply my way of killing the vast stretches of otherwise painfully empty time I spent here.*
Narration: *...It certainly had absolutely nothing to do with my father's praise.*
Narration: *I hadn't sketched for a few days now.*
Narration: *For one thing, the weather had been dull and gray, so I couldn't look up without remembering that day. And I just hadn't been in the mood in the first place.*
Narration: *Even if I opened my sketchbook today, I'd only end up with another drawing of the sky. As if I didn't have enough of those already...*
Narration: *Those vaguely self-mocking thoughts stopped me on the way up to the roof, redirecting my path down to the lower floor.*
Narration: *My life was a steady line from one meaningless moment to the next.*
Narration: *Human beings are frighteningly adaptable creatures. The meals with my father that had at first repulsed me to the point of vomiting were gradually growing tolerable.*
Narration: *Sometimes I hated myself for that.*
Narration: *But little by little, I was coming to understand that it wasn't just the result of my mind acclimatizing itself to the situation.*
Michiaki: Have you gotten used to your new school, Yumiko?
Yumiko: Yes...
Michiaki: It must be a little nerve-wracking transferring in so suddenly, but I'm sure you'll make friends soon enough. Back in my day...
Narration: *My father was making a genuine effort. With gentle advice and anecdotes about his own experiences, he tried to reassure me.*
Narration: *Apparently Dad had gone through many transfers in his student years, and always struggled with how to present himself to his new classmates.*
Narration: *I was beginning to learn a number of surprisingly personal things about my father as he persistently tried to draw me into conversation.*
Michiaki: Ah, but then again, I guess everything must be very different these days. Sorry to lecture you, Yumiko.
Yumiko: That's all right...
Narration: *And he wasn't pushy or arrogant about it. He always seemed to be considering my point of view.*
Narration: *Just as I'd heard, Dad was on an extremely tight schedule. Even when he returned home it was extremely rare for him to stay overnight. More frequently he would return to his company immediately after dinner.*
Narration: *But that also meant he was coming home solely to share a meal with me.*
Narration: *I gradually grew less prickly and slightly more communicative. By now, I could eat dinner with him without a hint of queasiness.*
Yumiko: Uhm...
Michiaki: Hm? What is it, Yumiko?
Yumiko: N-No, it's nothing...
Narration: *Just as something was about to spill out of my mouth, Mom's pale empty face had flashed before my eyes.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Lying in bed in my darkened room, I thought things over.*
Narration: *I was no less uncertain than when I first arrived at that place. But the reasons for that inner turmoil were beginning to change.*
Narration: *My father's attitude toward me was becoming harder to process. At first, I'd simply been disgusted by his over-familiarity...*
Narration: *But by that point, it was harder to dismiss as some bizarre game. Sometimes I could almost take his friendliness at face value.*
Narration: *Even that remark about my hair might've been intended as nothing more than a casual compliment. Such positive interpretations were beginning to seem plausible.*
Yumiko: A little late for that now...
Narration: *I tried mumbling negative words to myself, but the nagging doubts remained.*
Narration: *My distant mother had grown kind when her condition improved. The situation was clearly different, but there was always the possibility my father had undergone a similar change in the years since I'd seen him last.*
Narration: *Tossing and turning in my bed, I turned the questions over in my mind.*
Narration: *I'd been so cold for so long. But little by little, I could feel something like warmth returning to my body.*
Narration: *"I'll just end up being betrayed again." "This time will be different." With two opposing answers battling indecisively in my mind, I waited for dawn to come.*
Narration: *Three months after my return to Tokyo, my life was beginning to change even outside of the house.*
Narration: *School didn't seem particularly unpleasant anymore. It wasn't so difficult being alone in that place, once you got used to it.*
Narration: *So long as I quietly attended my classes, the entire day would pass easily enough. I never disliked studying, so once my mood took a turn for the better, it didn't feel like wasted time.*
Narration: *The change in the seasons had brought more periods of clear weather. I'd resumed my habit of drawing on a daily basis.*
Narration: *And as my mind grew calm, my art slowly began to change as well.*
Narration: *My perspective, pointed straight up for so long, began to creep downward. Every once in a while, I'd include a townscape or two among my sketches.*
Narration: *It wasn't exactly principled of me to be finding enjoyment in that life, but there was no point sulking forever. My sardonic feelings of self-reproach slowly faded. I began to look at the world around me more calmly.*
Servant　1: Welcome home, Miss.
Yumiko: I'm back.
Narration: *Even those brutally awkward interactions with the household employees had gotten more tolerable with the passage of time.*
Narration: *After a few weeks they picked up on my non-reactions and began to tone down their aggressive approach. They would generally back off after letting me know they were available if I needed them.*
Narration: *That arrangement was much more comfortable for me. By then I actually was asking them for something every once in a while.*
Servant　2: Will you be heading straight to your room today?
Yumiko: Yes, I think so.
Servant　2: Very well. Have a pleasant evening.
Narration: *After asking the maid to have someone call me when it was time for dinner, I returned to my room.*
Narration: *Sitting down in front of my desk, I thought back over the last few months.*
Narration: *My attitudes toward that new life were beginning to soften in many ways.*
Narration: *The one exception: I was stubbornly continuing to keep my father at arm's length.*
Narration: *His behavior hadn't changed. He'd continued to treat me kindly all the while.*
Narration: *Nonetheless, I offered him nothing but brief monosyllabic answers, vaguely avoiding his questions.*
Narration: *That had seemed only natural at first. What else could he expect after how he treated my mother? After abandoning me for years? That resentment seemed to justify my behavior.*
Narration: *But months had passed, and I just couldn't see any sign of the cruel man I'd thought he was. At least not when he was interacting with me.*
Narration: *Nearly every night, I rejected his gentle attempts to draw me into conversation.*
Narration: *My father didn't seem to be letting that bother him, but I was beginning to feel increasingly guilty about my attitude.*
Yumiko: What am I supposed to do...?
Narration: *I threw the question up at my ceiling, knowing all too well that no answer would be forthcoming.*
Narration: *It would be time for dinner soon.*
Narration: *For a very different reason than before, I'd started to find that time somewhat painful.*
Michiaki: You came up again today. A professor from Meguro Medical School told everyone "Sakaki-san's daughter is cute as a button and smart as a whip."
Yumiko: I see...
Michiaki: It makes me very happy that you've grown up into such a fine young lady, Yumiko.
Narration: *This man had interacted with me as something close to an ideal father for three straight months.*
Narration: *That day, as always, all that came out of his mouth were words of praise and concern for me.*
Narration: *Uneasy feelings smoldered away quietly inside my chest.*
Michiaki: Tell me, Yumiko...
Narration: *My father spoke to me in a kind tone of voice.*
Narration: *I couldn't endure his gaze. I found myself hanging my head.*
Michiaki: Yumiko...?
Narration: *I didn't dislike being praised. Not at all.*
Narration: *He was making time in an extremely busy life for me. I wasn't yet cynical enough to dismiss that. Sometimes, I felt myself on the verge of being grateful.*
Yumiko: I'm sorry...
Narration: *But no. Not yet.*
Narration: *That black grime was still inside me.*
Narration: *There was always that other emotion struggling against my guilt.*
Narration: *So long as that remained, I would never allow myself to get any closer to my father.*
Michiaki: ......
Michiaki: Is this about your mother...?
Narration: *I felt myself twitch with surprise.*
Narration: *Until that point, I had deliberately steered clear of that particular topic.*
Narration: *I'd assumed my father was intentionally avoiding it as well, so the turn of the conversation came as a real shock.*
Michiaki: I was never sure if I should talk to you about it, but... I can't expect you to understand if I don't explain myself, can I...?
Yumiko: That's not... I'm not...
Michiaki: It's all right. I was in the wrong here...
Narration: *My father slowly began to speak.*
Narration: *He spoke about his feelings toward my mother. How it felt when she left. And behind everything, the constant stress his incredibly demanding job had placed on their marriage.*
Narration: *Everything my father told me turned my image of him completely on its head.*
Michiaki: When the two of you left, I thought my heart was going to break... There were many times when I was ready to go take you both back.
Yumiko: ......
Michiaki: But I was drowning in work, and I never found the courage to try.
Narration: *In time, my increasingly isolated father began to seek comfort.*
Narration: *He admitted that the affair described in the magazine article had happened at that time.*
Michiaki: I was lonely too... and there was so much going on at the company. I knew it was wrong, but I ended up betraying your mother.
Yumiko: ......
Michiaki: When I heard about that magazine article, the first thing on my mind was protecting your mother from the consequences of my mistake. So I sent over the lawyer right away, but...
Narration: *It was consistent. The actions that had seemed so inhumanly cruel at the time could also be explained by my father's story.*
Narration: *After all, that lawyer never got the chance to speak with my mother. There was no proof he'd been sent to serve her with divorce papers.*
Narration: *But... even so...*
Michiaki: Yumiko.
Narration: *My father looked straight at my face from across the table.*
Narration: *I couldn't help myself. I returned his gaze.*
Narration: *At some point, I'd forgotten even to avert my eyes.*
Michiaki: Do you think you could forgive me...?
Yumiko: ......!
Narration: *It was a gentle voice.*
Narration: *I'd begun to think I would never hear a voice like that ever again. From anyone.*
Narration: *And yet it was coming to me from him. The person whose acceptance, in a way, I'd always wanted most.*
Yumiko: I... I, I...
Narration: *...Many thoughts flooded into my head in a confused jumble.*
Narration: *Those words were more than powerful enough. My fragile defensive wall had finally sprung a leak.*
Yumiko: I'm sorry...!
Michiaki: Yumiko...?
Yumiko: I-I'm sorry, Dad, I need to...!
Narration: *I stood from my chair, turned away from that concerned face, and hurried out to the hallway.*
Narration: *Halfway covering my face with my right hand, I stumbled up the stairs as best as I could.*
Narration: *On the way up, I caught a glimpse of a servant staring at me in shock, but I wasn't composed enough to pay that any mind.*
Yumiko: Guh... uhh... *Sob*...
Narration: *The world was growing hazy before I even reached my floor.*
Narration: *And the instant I closed the door to my room behind me, the tears came pouring down my face.*
Narration: *One drop stained the ivory carpet beneath my feet. Then another.*
Yumiko: I can't believe... Dad said...
Narration: *It was hard to understand. I couldn't reconcile the man with the vicious, vulgar person the magazines described. There were so many things about him that confused me.*
Narration: *But I couldn't believe he'd spoken those words for show. It sounded as if they'd come from the heart.*
Narration: *Just as Mom had come to regret the cruel things she said to me, perhaps Dad was simply trying to make up for his mistakes.*
Narration: *Looking at it from that angle, it wouldn't be so hard to accept his apology.*
Yumiko: Would it be... all right...?
Yumiko: Tell me, Mom...
Narration: *I had one photograph of my mother left. Safe in the memory of my mobile phone.*
Narration: *But as always, her face was turned to the side. I couldn't read her expression.*
Yumiko: Would it be all right... if I really became happy...?
Narration: *My life had been shades of gray for so very long.*
Narration: *Little by little, I could see colors beginning to emerge. It was a pleasant feeling.*
Narration: *A fine spring day just before the rainy season. The sky above was remarkably beautiful.*
Narration: *Putting down my brush, I stretched out and muttered a few words to no one in particular.*
Yumiko: I suppose that's enough for today...
Narration: *Recently, I'd been getting so absorbed in my art that it was easy to forget the time.*
Narration: *There'd been a few incidents where I kept my car waiting long enough to cause some anxiety, so I started making a conscious effort to check my watch frequently.*
Narration: *I examined my sketchbook. Instead of the sky that I'd been devoted to for so long, today I had painted the rooftop flowerbed.*
Yumiko: ...I'm even painting things like this now.
Narration: *After months of obsessively sketching the clouds, the change had taken me by surprise.*
Narration: *For a while I just gazed down at that image, various emotions running through me.*
Yumiko: Oh no, I'll be late...
Narration: *I hurriedly gathered up my painting materials and pushed them into my bag.*
Narration: *As it turned out, I was a little slow coming home after all.*
Narration: *My life changed rapidly after my father's apology.*
Narration: *The dinners together that had once been so painful were now something I looked forward to. I talked to him about many things.*
Narration: *My art, formerly sketches of the sky in black pencil, had become increasingly colorful work executed with paintbrushes.*
Narration: *Even my life at school was shifting ever so slightly for the better.*
Kanako: Sakaki-san... do you have a moment?
Yumiko: Iida-san? Of course.
Narration: *A girl who stood out even among the young ladies in our class, Iida Kanako, had begun to approach me on a regular basis.*
Kanako: I didn't quite follow this part... Would you mind helping me?
Yumiko: Oh, classical literature translation? This definitely was a tricky one... Hold on just a second.
Narration: *We'd struck up a conversation about our work in art class one day, and had been talking like this pretty frequently ever since.*
Narration: *She wasn't quite a "friend" yet.*
Narration: *But up until then, I'd almost never had actual conversations in school with anyone but the teachers; by my standards, it was an enormous step forward.*
Kanako: Thank you, that was very helpful. Your explanations are always so clear and concise, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: No, I wasn't doing anything special...
Kanako: That's not true. You might make a very good teacher someday.
Yumiko: Welcome back, Dad.
Michiaki: Hello there, Yumiko. I'm home.
Narration: *Dad was still an incredibly busy man. Nonetheless, he would always come home at least a few times every week to have dinner with me.*
Narration: *I used to only see his face during the meal itself, but recently I'd started greeting him at the door with a natural smile on my face.*
Yumiko: So today, Iida-san and I talked for a long time...
Michiaki: Hoh. That friend you were telling me about before?
Yumiko: N-No, we're not quite friends yet, but...
Narration: *Previously, my father had talked and talked while I offered only brief responses, but the situation was largely reversed.*
Narration: *I told Dad about everything. Every trivial little thing in my life.*
Narration: *No matter what the topic, he never failed to hear me out with a smile. That made me happy.*
Michiaki: You know, Yumiko...
Yumiko: What is it, Dad?
Michiaki: Once Misako gets better, why don't the three of us take a trip abroad?
Yumiko: Huh...?
Michiaki: I've always been so busy that I never really had the chance to do anything like that for you. Or maybe you have something else in mind?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...I'd like to go to an amusement park...
Michiaki: An amusement park...? Come on, you can go to one of those any time you like.
Yumiko: Yeah, but... I'd like to go together.
Narration: *My father looked mystified. Still, I stuck to my guns.*
Narration: *When I was very small and very lonely, the idea of a "family visit to an amusement park" had enchanted me.*
Narration: *I was well past the age to be begging for a trip like that, but that secret yearning had never really gone away.*
Michiaki: I see... Well, all right. One of the companies in the conglomerate runs an amusement park. We can reserve it and have the whole place to ourselves.
Yumiko: N-Nah, it doesn't have to be anything like that. Just a normal trip...
Michiaki: Haha. You really are a modest one, Yumiko...
Michiaki: Okay then. Once Misako... Mom gets better, let's go to an amusement park. All three of us.
Narration: *Dad spoke those words with a smile.*
Narration: *It was the first time I'd asked him for anything. Even as my days became happier, I'd been careful not to say anything greedy... anything about the things I wanted.*
Narration: *I suppose... I couldn't quite believe that tranquil life was real. If I asked too much of the dream, I was afraid it might just fall apart underneath me.*
Yumiko: ...Today, Dad and I talked about that... Okay.
Narration: *In that half-year, the size of my diary entries had increased exponentially.*
Narration: *Where I used to write "Nothing happened" again and again, ripping off the bottom of the page for scrap paper, now I was often running out of space before I could cover everything.*
Narration: *And in the center of my room, a canvas stood on an easel, surrounded by a colorful array of art supplies. All things I'd purchased and used frequently.*
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: It's really... going to be all right now, isn't it...?
Narration: *Will something happen again?*
Narration: *Will it fall apart in the blink of an eye?*
Narration: *Everything was so peaceful that at times it made me uneasy.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, those few days before my mother was scheduled to leave the hospital had felt very much the same.*
Yumiko: Maybe I'll add a postscript...
Narration: *I'm quite sure I scribbled those words at the end of my diary entry.*
Narration: *It was the one small wish I would allow myself...*
Narration: *The rainy season had come and gone. Summer vacation was fast approaching. It was a day like any other.*
Narration: *Reading on the Internet that the weather would be taking a turn for the worse in the afternoon, I called off my usual rooftop painting session and went home a little early.*
Yumiko: Could you let me out here, please?
Driver: ...Are you sure? There's still a bit of a walk.
Yumiko: I'm in the mood for a little fresh air...
Narration: *They said it would be raining in the evening, but for the moment it was a clear and pleasant summer afternoon.*
Narration: *Therefore, I got out of the car halfway and walked the remaining kilometer or so home.*
Narration: *There wasn't any real reason for that. It was just a whim.*
Narration: *When I opened the front door and slipped inside, I found the entrance hall empty of the servants who were usually there to greet me.*
Yumiko: ...No one's here?
Narration: *It was probably because I'd returned so suddenly. Even when I closed the door behind me, the hallway remained silent.*
Yumiko: Maybe they're in the kitchen...
Narration: *Not that it really bothered me either way. I began to move toward the stairs...*
Servant　3: ...So in regards to that, Yumiko-sama doesn't seem to have noticed anything.
Narration: *But a voice from deeper in the hallway stopped me in my tracks.*
Narration: *If that woman hadn't happened to speak my name at that very moment...*
Narration: *Without a doubt, I would've shrugged, gone up the stairs to my room, and stayed completely oblivious.*
Yumiko: They're talking about me...?
Narration: *I slowly inched my way down the passage, careful not to make a sound, and stopped just before a corner.*
Narration: *From the other side, I could hear the three employees who usually met me at the door talking about something.*
Servant　1: Everything seems to be proceeding smoothly enough for the moment, then?
Servant　2: Yes. Yumiko-sama seems to have completely taken to the master by now...
Servant　1: I see. Well, good to hear. Sakaki-sama has instructed us to remain vigilant regarding her behavior. Make sure to let me know if anything happens.
Servant　3: Of course.
Narration: *They were speaking quietly, but I could make out their conversation clearly enough.*
Yumiko: What... are they talking about...?
Narration: *I shouldn't be listening to this. My throbbing heart was making that very clear.*
Narration: *But my feet wouldn't budge, and my ears were intent on capturing every word of their discussion.*
Servant　2: Seriously, though, this is quite the change-of-heart drama. Didn't think he had it in him.
Servant　3: The son and heir-apparent dies, and all of a sudden he grabs the daughter with the best grades and most submissive personality... Sakaki-sama's not exactly hard to understand, is he?
Servant　2: That mistress of his sure didn't stick around long after her kid died.
Servant　3: Well, lost her meal ticket and all.
Narration: *My body had begun to tremble.*
Narration: *It was a part of the story I'd almost pushed out of my mind by now. That mistress... and the boy she'd supposedly given birth to.*
Yumiko: He... died...?
Narration: *I'd always thought it strange.*
Narration: *Why had Dad called for me when he did?*
Narration: *Why suddenly approach a daughter you'd tossed aside once before?*
Servant　3: But you have to give the master credit for thoroughness. I mean, hiring a detective agency to get information on his own daughter? And then he plays it off like he's been keeping a fatherly eye on her all along...
Narration: *I thought that attention was his way of atoning for my mother's suffering.*
Servant　2: Yeah, not like he had the slightest interest before. But he had to pretend otherwise to get the girl dancing on his strings. They really did go all out with that whole act...
Servant　3: That's got to qualify as a kind of brainwashing, right? Start off a little awkwardly, then jab at the heart of the matter and let it all come out... I hear they called in a psychiatry expert to work out that strategy.
Narration: *I thought that was his attempt at at finally becoming a father to me.*
Servant　2: And the little miss fell for it hook line and sinker, huh...
Narration: *No. I simply convinced myself it had to be that way.*
Narration: *Deep down, I knew all along that it couldn't possibly have been true.*
Servant　1: Look, will you cut it out already? That "little miss" you're discussing will be coming home soon.
Servant　2: Yessir...
Servant　3: Nobody even knew she existed a little while ago, but the instant she becomes valuable as a tool it's the royal treatment. Quite the world we live in...
Servant　2: ...Of course, she'll be gone in five minutes flat if he manages to make himself another boy somewhere.
Servant　3: Oh right, there's always that option!
Servant　2: I'd pay money to see the moment he finally drops that world's-best-dad number.
Servant　1: All right, that's more than enough of that.
Servants: Yesssssir...
Narration: * With that languid response, the group dispersed.*
Narration: *Even long after the footsteps faded away, I stood there in silence, perfectly still.*
Narration: *An idle question occurred to me: What sort of an expression do I have on my face right now? What sort of expression do people make at times like these?*
Narration: *I felt oddly detached from reality. As though watching a movie projected before my eyes by some hidden camera.*
Narration: *Eventually, I took one step, then another. I dragged myself up the stairs on legs that didn't feel like my own.*
Narration: *They said it would be raining in the evening, but it was a clear and pleasant summer afternoon.*
Narration: *Therefore, I got out of the car halfway and walked the remaining kilometer or so home.*
Narration: *There wasn't any real reason for that.*
Narration: *There wasn't any reason at all.*
Narration: *And so, I could only curse God.*
Narration: *I reached my room. It was far too quiet inside.*
Narration: *I'd almost begun to forget how painful the absence of sound could be.*
Narration: *I'd almost begun to find the silence comfortable.*
Michiaki: Okay then. Once Misako... Mom gets better, let's go to an amusement park. All three of us.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...How could you say that... with a smile on your face...?
Narration: *Scraps of notebook paper danced around me.*
Narration: *Fragments of the word "Dad." Fragments of the word "happy." Fragments of sentences highlighted in bright colors.*
Narration: *A half-year preserved in joyful words scattered through the air.*
Narration: *The upper half of my painting was thick with dabs of blue and yellow paint.*
Narration: *That was the first part to go.*
Narration: *With a harsh rip, the cloth tore away from one of the screws holding it in place. And as the canvas curled in on itself, white paint fell to the ground like a dusting of snow.*
Narration: *In the lightless room, white, blue, and yellow flew about.*
Narration: *Shattered and torn, powerless and broken, they melted one by one into the darkness.*
Narration: *Unable to think, unable to act, I endured the night.*
Narration: *The time came for me to "wake up." Acting on pure reflexive habit, I stood up on unsteady feet and made my preparations.*
Narration: *Pathetically enough, there was still a part of me holding on to hope.*
Narration: *The house was no longer a refuge. But I'd begun to make a small place for myself at school.*
Narration: *I could just make more friends. Find people to talk to. Maybe that would be enough. Maybe that would be something...*
Yumiko: Ah, Iida-san...
Narration: *I caught a glimpse of the face I was looking for from the hallway.*
Narration: *Iida-san might be willing.*
Narration: *If I kept talking to her, little by little, she might become my friend.*
Kanako: ...Or so she says. And then...
Narration: *Iida-san seemed to be talking to somebody.*
Narration: *I peered in through the window. She was sitting at the very center of a group of girls.*
Narration: *I'd just have to talk to her later, when she was alone―*
Kanako: Sakaki-san's the child of a mistress... or that's what Dad...
Narration: *The child of a mistress.*
Narration: *Filthy words. The sort of words that almost never left that girl's mouth.*
Narration: *The same hateful words they'd printed in the magazine that changed everything.*
Kanako: I think I'll keep being kind to her for the moment.
Classmate　A: Huh? I don't get it. Isn't that all the more reason to ignore her...?
Kanako: But this way, I might get her to tell me some fun stories, right? Like how her mother wormed her way into the Sakaki house... or maybe...
Narration: *For some reason, I thought of fruit hanging from a tree.*
Narration: *At first it ripens and swells on the end of its branch, beautiful and tempting.*
Narration: *But in time, its coloration grows impure and unattractive. Its point of connection to the tree begins to creak from the strain.*
Narration: *One thread of fiber snaps, then another. The thin line holding it to life and nourishment grows thinner and thinner.*
Narration: *I entered the classroom.*
Narration: *The girls who had been snickering about me until a moment before innocently looked away and moved on to another topic of conversation.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *A few moments after dropping my bag by my desk, I slowly began to walk in their direction.*
Narration: *I felt every movement of my feet with a brilliant, eerie clarity.*
Narration: *"This might be what it's like to take the last few steps toward the summit of a high mountain."*
Narration: *A climber has the thrill of achieving something. But in the determination, the clear-minded acceptance of fate, there might be something similar. Or so I thought, a spectator to my own actions.*
Kanako: Oh... hello, Sakaki-san. Do you need something?
Narration: *Iida Kanako turned to face me with her usual placid smile.*
Narration: *I had already decided what would happen next.*
Narration: *Familiar feelings swelled inside me. The same as when I'd cut my hair. My diary. My canvas.*
Kanako: What's wrong, Sakaki-san? Your face is very pale. Should we call...
Narration: *Iida Kanako's hand reached out to me.*
Narration: *To my eyes, it looked like the grasping claw of a corpse pulling me down into hell.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *I'd understood all along. I'd simply kept myself from noticing. There was never any place of refuge here.*
Narration: *I'd forced myself to believe in lies because I couldn't keep going without them.*
Narration: *...But I'd finally found another way to live.*
Narration: *I watched serenely as the blood spurted out.*
Kanako: Wha...?
Narration: *For a moment, she couldn't even process what had happened.*
Narration: *For just a moment, she stared down blankly at her hand. At her palm, dyed in red.*
Students: Kyaaaaaaaaaa...!!!
Narration: *Iida Kanako collapsed in slow motion.*
Narration: *Desks clattered all around. The others backed away as if distancing themselves from a live bomb.*
Classmate　A: S-Sakaki-san!?
Classmate　B: W-What... What are you doing!?
Classmate　C: A-A teacher! Somebody! Somebody call a teacher!!!
Narration: *That's right. I should've cut it all apart.*
Narration: *I should've just shut off my brain and cut my way to freedom.*
Yumiko: ......!
Narration: *I was grinding my teeth as hard as I could. There were tears streaming down my face.*
Narration: *But all things considered, I didn't feel particularly sad.*
Narration: *Much the opposite. Since the blade had finally severed me from the lies, I was filled with a strange sense of relief. It felt as though a wide shining road forward had been revealed to me.*
Yumiko: Of course. Of course it would come to this...
Narration: *I shouldn't have hoped for a "happy ending" in the first place.*
Narration: *Everything was scripted from the very start.*
Narration: *And the actress had passively accepted her role, dreaming of a heart-warming conclusion to the black comedy that had been written for her.*
Yumiko: Ahaha. Ahahahahahahaha!
Narration: *At some point, I'd begun to laugh.*
Narration: *The tears were still rolling down my cheeks, but there was no sadness in me anymore. I'd left most of that behind on the day my mother broke, and the rest on the day my father betrayed me.*
Narration: *I'd depleted my stock of sorrow.*
Yumiko: Ahahahahaha, ahahahahahaHAHAHAH! Ahahaha! Ahahahahahahaha!
Narration: *Just how much of a clown do I need to be?*
Narration: *Just how pathetic do I need to become?*
Narration: *What do I need to do to satisfy my cowering audience? To please the god who wrote this play?*
Narration: *Their eyes watched me from what felt like an enormous distance, pushing me lower and lower into the dirt.*
Yumiko: Ahah! Ahahaha! Hilarious! It's hilarious, isn't it!?! Ahahahah!!
Narration: *I brandished the open box cutter in my right hand toward the back of the classroom.*
Narration: *Incoherent little shrieks from my classmates were the only response.*
Narration: *A few girls had already broken down in tears.*
Yumiko: Go ahead, everyone. Laugh! You've always been watching this farce, haven't you? Well, here's the punchline! Why aren't you laughing!?
Narration: *I laughed in their place. Even when the teachers who came running pinned me down. Even when they carried me out of the classroom like some sort of terrorist.*
Narration: *Wouldn't it be odder not to laugh at something so utterly ridiculous?*
Narration: *When they took me away, I noticed my desk standing isolated in the chaos, and felt a twinge of pity at leaving it behind.*
Narration: *Until the very end, I could never see the person who supposedly sat there.*
Narration: *My father acted swiftly once he was notified. A settlement was reached with the Iida family. The incident was erased without so much as a disciplinary hearing.*
Narration: *At first, my father tried to coax me out of my locked room with gentle words, but I refused to acknowledge his existence.*
Narration: *After two months of that siege, I was half-forced out, loaded unceremoniously into a car, and brought to a town where the air smelled of saltwater.*
Narration: *I understood what sort of a place it was the moment I saw the high wall surrounding it.*
Narration: *It was a housing facility. A pleasant little cage where I could be safely stowed away without the risk of causing further trouble.*
Narration: *A woman who introduced herself as the principal introduced me to the school with a slightly fearful expression on her face.*
Narration: *She brought me to an empty dormitory and told me it would be my new home.*
Narration: *When I checked the bankbook I'd been handed on the way over, I found a rather excessive amount of "pocket money" in my account.*
Narration: *From the day I began to wear an exceptionally flashy school uniform and "commute" to Mihama Academy, I haven't been face-to-face with my father even once.*

Date: *August 9, 2011, 20:00*
Narration: *A "personality" starts off as something like a cube.*
Narration: *When we're young, we clumsily bump our corners against other people in the form of childish conflicts. Eventually, our sharp edges are worn away to leave something more like a sphere.*
Narration: *That's more or less what people are describing when they say someone's "softened."*
Narration: *Moderate collisions with others help us mature. But when those first impacts are too strong, they can have a different effect: instead of losing our corners little by little, we splinter in strange, harsh ways, warping into crooked shapes.*
Narration: *Once crooked, it's hard to become a sphere. Even as the people around them mellow, their sharpness only grows harsher, and everyone who approaches ends up getting hurt.*
Narration: *But even the most warped human beings started the same as everyone else. Sometimes they look back on the past and grieve. Sometimes they wonder if it's not too late to reshape themselves.*
Narration: *―And because they know that's an empty dream, they grieve once again.*
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko is one of many such sad, distorted objects.*
Narration: *The rain, which I'd taken for a passing shower, continued long after the thunder passed away.*
Narration: *By the time we leave our cover in the lingering drizzle, the sun's already set.*
Narration: *In a change from the usual routine, I hurry down the road home with an arm wrapped around Sakaki, who stumbles along unsteadily at my side.*
Yumiko: The rain never did let up...
Yuuji: Unfortunately.
Narration: *The rain's very weak by now, but the constant dampness has left her body noticeably chilled.*
Narration: *...And at the moment, her emotional state is a bit of a concern as well.*
Narration: *I lean closely over Sakaki as we walk, sheltering her from the rain as best I can.*
Narration: *That relatively brief journey back to the dorm feels awfully long right now...*
Amane: Ah, you're back. What's the deal? You guys were gone for...
Amane: Whoa! Sakaki-san, what's wrong!? Did you get hurt or something...?
Narration: *Amane yelps in surprise the instant she lays eyes on us.*
Narration: *Was it that much of a shock to see me holding Sakaki by the shoulder?*
Narration: *...Well, considering the girl's normal personality, I suppose it's only reasonable to jump straight to assuming something's physically wrong with her.*
Yuuji: We got caught in that downpour, that's all. We sheltered from the rain for a while.
Amane: Ended up getting soaked anyway, huh? Are you all right, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: I'm sorry for making you worry...
Narration: *Her physical condition aside, Sakaki seems badly drained in spirit.*
Narration: *That uncharacteristic weakness from before is still plainly evident in her tone of voice.*
Amane: That's fine. You must be pretty cold, right? I'll get you something warm to drink if you want...
Yumiko: Thank you... Yes, I'll take you up on that.
Amane: Roger. Yuuji, you get Sakaki-san back to her room, okay? I'll bring it up when it's ready.
Yuuji: Appreciate it.
Amane: No big deal. C'mon, get a move on already.
Yuuji: I'm making a note. Once I'm old and gray, I'm going to write "Amane was like a mother to us all" in my memoirs.
Amane: ...If that's an attempt at showing gratitude, try writing something that doesn't age me twenty years...
Narration: *As soon as I got Sakaki to her room, she collapsed into her bed.*
Narration: *Normally she would've ejected me to change out of her wet clothes, but she's currently lacking the energy and willpower to bother.*
Amane: ...Sakaki-san really was worn out, wasn't she? She's already asleep.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *The hot orange and honey drink Amane provided seemed to calm Sakaki down. It didn't take long at all for her to nod off.*
Yuuji: I think she's got a slight fever as well. We were out in the rain and all.
Amane: Yeah, she does feel a little hot.
Narration: *Lightly holding her hand to Sakaki's forehead, Amane nods in agreement.*
Narration: *Sakaki doesn't seem to be in any real discomfort, but I can tell that she's breathing a little roughly.*
Yuuji: In any case, thanks for the help, Amane. I'm going to keep an eye on her for a little longer, but you can head back to your room.
Amane: Oh. S-Sure...
Narration: *Amane's response seems oddly hesitant.*
Yuuji: ...What's wrong?
Amane: Uhm... Yuuji...
Yuuji: Yes?
Amane: Well, I think you probably know better, but... don't do her, okay?
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: The hell!?
Amane: W-Well, you're all alone together, and you're not nursing her or anything, so... maybe you just seize the moment and dip your wick, and then there'd be all kinds of trouble, and, uhm... can't have you catching her cold, right?
Narration: *My face falls into my palm.*
Narration: *For some reason, I find myself recalling a gag "Brain Graph" website Sachi showed me once.*
Narration: *Just by entering someone's name, you'd get a brain-shaped pie chart breaking down the composition of their thoughts. I didn't think to try Amane at the time, but I think hers would be divided in half right down the middle.*
Narration: *One side would be "Folksy Grandma-Wisdom." The other, as should probably go without saying, would be branded with the word "Dicks."*
Yuuji: You think I'm going to start making babies like a rabbit the moment someone leaves me in a cage with a female? Tell me, woman, does this scenario play out frequently inside that filthy mind of yours?
Amane: L-Look, I'm just trying to warn you before things get out of hand! Come on, you know where I'm coming from here, right?
Narration: *It's still not entirely clear to me what Amane's so worried about, but I find it extremely unpleasant to have such aspersions cast on my character.*
Yuuji: Hmmm. Not a bad idea, come to think of it.
Amane: Wh-What're you talking about?
Yuuji: Just remembered something I read in a book discussing novel varieties of sexual intercourse. It seems a slight fever actually increases the natural heat of the genitalia, sometimes leading to greater pleasure for both partners.
Amane: Wha...?
Yuuji: All right then. Might as well put that to the test. It's not like you can catch a fever intentionally, and I'll admit to being highly curious as a man.
Yuuji: I'm sure Sakaki will understand. A little experimentation like this can only enrich your life, right? She might end up thanking me for expanding her horizons.
Amane: ......
Yuuji: The thought hadn't even occurred to me, but thanks to a tip from my sexually-savvy friend Amane, a new world of possibility awaits.
Yuuji: Life is always overflowing with chances to explore the wonders of the unknown. I'm deeply impressed by your ability to keep that in mind even at a time like this. Thank you, Amane!
Amane: ...............
Yuuji: ...Amane?
Amane: ..................
Narration: *Amane stares back at me with the blank eyes of a broken electronic toy.*
Narration: *Smiling brightly, I give her a friendly thump on the shoulder.*
Yuuji: It was a joke.
Amane: It damn well better be, y'total idiot!! 
Narration: *Amane's karate chop lands a critical hit smack in the middle of my weary head.*
Narration: *From outside, an owl hoots in mournful commiseration.*
Amane: Well, I'm gonna go back now... but seriously, no funny business. You've got to let her rest.
Yuuji: ...I said I understand, didn't I? Come on, get lost already.
Amane: I'm having a really hard time trusting you...
Narration: *Amane backs slowly out of the room, staring at me reproachfully all the way.*
Narration: *I was only teasing her a little in retaliation for slandering me, but it seems I've ended up deepening her unfounded suspicions.*
Narration: *Probably best to consider the possibility she might try some half-assed "wiretapping" outside the door.*
Narration: *Shaking my head, I return to Sakaki's side.*
Narration: *Her breath's coming regularly, a little more quietly than before. She doesn't seem to have noticed the commotion in the slightest.*
Yuuji: ...Well, that's definitely for the best.
Narration: *Borrowing the chair from Sakaki's desk, I ease myself down and look her over at closer range.*
Narration: *Come to think of it... this is the first time I've seen her sleeping.*
Yuuji: ...The girl really does have a pretty face.
Narration: *She's constantly forcing it into a scowl, so it's easy not to notice at times, but Sakaki Yumiko is definitely what you'd call a "beauty."*
Narration: *Right now that face is relaxed, her eyes shut, her cheeks slightly flushed.*
Narration: *Sakaki looks very calm and peaceful at the moment. But much of her life has been an emotional rollercoaster of loneliness, hope, and anger.*
Narration: *Now that I know the whole story, her usual prickly attitude is all too understandable.*
Yuuji: Rest easy, all right? I'll protect you...
Narration: *I lightly reach down to put my hand on her forehead, currently covered in a damp towel.*
Narration: *The moisture against my palm is slightly warm from the heat of her fever.*
Narration: *Early the next morning, I'm stretching in preparation for my usual running when I hear quiet footsteps on the stairs.*
Yumiko: Ah...
Narration: *A familiar look of mild surprise.*
Narration: *However, where Sakaki's expression would normally shift to a frown, today it changes to something hesitant and uncertain.*
Yuuji: What's the matter? Your face is red. Still carrying that fever around?
Yumiko: M-Mind your own business. For your information, I got over that fever in no time!
Yumiko: I got over it... thanks to you.
Yuuji: ...Good to hear.
Yumiko: Uhm, about yesterday... thank you for everything.
Yuuji: I didn't do anything worth being thanked for.
Yumiko: Yes, you did... I hired you to be my bodyguard, not to listen to my life story...
Yuuji: You asked for my permission before you started talking, and I agreed to listen. There's nothing wrong with that.
Yumiko: ...I suppose.
Narration: *I've noticed Sakaki tends to grow oddly sullen when the topic of my "job" comes up, but today she seems downright docile.*
Narration: *The girl does look healthy enough. Still, it's entirely possible yesterday's events left some lingering psychological effects.*
Yuuji: Sakaki.
Yumiko: Uh, w-what is it...?
Yuuji: As long as your request is in place, I'll protect you. Rest assured. That's all.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Finishing my leg stretches, I stand up and check the clock.*
Narration: *Just about time for me to be heading out.*
Yuuji: I'm going to be running for a while. Unless you need anything?
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: All right then, see you this afternoon.
Narration: *Feeling Sakaki's eyes following me from behind, I leave the dorm.*
Narration: *I don't have much to offer Sakaki right now. A simple promise is the best I can do. Hopefully that's enough to provide some reassurance.*
Narration: *The past can't be taken back no matter how hard you try. That's a lesson I myself learned all too well.*
Narration: *...All the more reason she has to value her present.*
Yuuji: Hopefully they've just given up, but...
Narration: *Fortunately, the threats approaching Sakaki have gone quiet for the moment.*
Narration: *If this pattern continues, it shouldn't be hard for me to keep my promise.*
Date: *August 12, 2011, 17:00 - Riverbank*
Narration: *And a few days later...*
Narration: *In an echo of Sakaki's past, the hopeful present abruptly takes a sharp turn for the worse.*
Yuuji: You all right, Sakaki? Can you keep running!?
Yumiko: Haa... haa... I-I'm... fine!
Narration: *So she says, but it's obvious at a glance that the girl's close to her limit.*
Narration: *Harsh gasps for air interrupt the feeble words coming out of her mouth.*
Yuuji: Damn it... they caught me napping...!
Narration: *Seemingly taking my words of regret as their cue―*
Narration: *A number of men swiftly surround us.*
Narration: *Protecting Sakaki behind my back, I confront a semicircle of attackers.*
Narration: *This sort of scene has certainly been common enough over the last month.*
Narration: *But this time, our opposition is in an entirely different league.*
Yuuji: (Was this what they were aiming for all along...?)
Narration: *They stopped a car above the riverbank and came down on us suddenly. Up until that point, it was the same as usual...*
Narration: *But as my master once told me: "Relying on precedent is a dangerous game. Always think outside the range of your predictions." A lesson, it seems, I didn't learn nearly well enough.*
Narration: *As I readied myself for another simple one-by-one attack, the first three men out of the car charged at me simultaneously.*
Yuuji: Wha...!?
Narration: *Caught by surprise, I faltered for just a moment. They seized their chance and executed a beautifully-coordinated attack.*
Narration: *The first two moved to grab my arms and legs, while the trailing man came straight at me to deliver the disabling blow.*
Man　A: Gwoh...!!
Man　B: Ugeh...!!
Narration: *The fight would've been over in seconds if I'd misjudged the attacks from the left and right even slightly.*
Narration: *Stooping down to avoid their grasping arms, I kicked the first man's ankle and chopped my hand into the second man's liver.*
Yuuji: Since when do they attack at... Guh!
Narration: *I didn't even have time to catch my breath before the third man's fist came down on me from above.*
Narration: *Sheer reflex got my elbow up in time to block the punch, but his attacks continued in a unrelenting stream.*
Yuuji: (Damn it... That hurts, asshole!)
Narration: *This guy had some impressive back muscles, and he knew how to use them. His tightly clenched fists swung down at my head with the force of two massive hammers.*
Narration: *A single direct hit would've given me a concussion at the very least, and a knockout seemed a very real possibility.*
Yuuji: Haaah!
Narration: *With a sharp battle cry, I slipped by the hammer-man's side and drove my heel into his knee.*
Man　C: Gwaaaah!!
Narration: *The hammer stopped in his tracks.*
Narration: *As he reflexively reached down for his right leg, I followed up with a second kick, this time to the head.*
Man　C: Gah...!!
Narration: *I'd somehow managed to bring down the first wave of attackers, but the dramatic change in their tactics was alarming. I could feel my heart thudding frantically in my chest.*
Yuuji: (If they try that with a bigger team, it's going to get ugly...!)
Narration: *My instinctive response was to run for it with Sakaki in tow. Unfortunately, our enemies clearly anticipated that.*
Narration: *Where they used to have their entire force charge down from the car, this time they've set up a second team further along the bank to cut off our retreat.*
Yuuji: (Can't let them all attack at once or it's game over...)
Narration: *I carefully size up the group of men surrounding us. One thing's immediately clear: there's not going to be an easy way out this time.*
Yuuji: ...Listen up, Sakaki.
Yumiko: W-What is it...?
Yuuji: ...I'm going for a preemptive strike. Once I open a gap in their perimeter, make a run for it. I'll keep them off your back.
Yumiko: B-But then you'll be...!
Yuuji: There's no time to debate this. Let's go.
Narration: *I break into a sprint, heading for a point where three of the five men surrounding us can easily move to intercept.*
Narration: *As expected, they instantly launch a simultaneous attack, aiming to trap me in a pincer.*
Yuuji: There we go!
Narration: *I dodge grasping arms from the left and right at the very last possible moment, slipping forward to leave two of the men charging directly at each other.*
Men: Wha...!
Narration: *The pair of dark-suited men jerk to an unsteady halt like a pair of outfielders chasing the same fly ball.*
Narration: *Seizing the moment, I grab them by the legs and flip them off their feet.*
Man　D: Gah...!
Man　E: Bweh!
Narration: *The two men hit the ground head-first with a satisfying pair of thunks.*
Narration: *Before I can even confirm they're staying down, their buddy's got a sleeper chokehold on me from behind.*
Man　F: Heheh...
Yuuji: Guh... urgh...
Narration: *...But I'd seen this coming from the moment he started circling around behind me.*
Narration: *I bend back into the hold, then strain my abdominal muscles and swing my body sharply forward.*
Yuuji: ...Hmph!
Man　F: Wh... wa, aaaaaah...!!
Narration: *Tossed over my shoulder in a throw you might see in a judo competition, the man flies a good two meters forward before landing face-first in the dirt.*
Yuuji: That's three taken care of...!
Narration: *Now all I need to do is keep the two coming from behind occupied long enough for Sakaki to get clear.*
Yuuji: All right! Now! Run, Sakaki!
Yumiko: B-But...!
Yuuji: Hurry up!!
Yumiko: ...!!
Narration: *Still shooting reluctant glances in my direction, Sakaki begins to run along the riverbank.*
Narration: *The other two attackers quickly try to slip past me and pursue her.*
Yuuji: Not happening...!
Narration: *As the pair splits apart to either side, I hurl a stone tied to a heavy string toward the feet of the faster runner.*
Man　G: U-Uwaaah!
Narration: *Tripped up by the cord, the man turns a somersault in the air and lands awkwardly on the ground, one arm crunching loudly underneath him.*
Narration: *Even as I'm confirming that he's down, I've begun to grapple with his partner.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh...!**
Narration: *The moment we come to grips, it's clear to me that I've left the most troublesome one of the bunch for last.*
Narration: *His physique didn't particularly stand out in this group, but he's got dense muscles and an excellently balanced body. This is exactly his sort of fight.*
Yuuji: (I was hoping to take him down smoothly and catch up with Sakaki, but... guess that's not happening...!)
Narration: *I can only pray Sakaki manages to get out of here on her own.*
Man　G: ......
Narration: *Silent except for his intermittent breathing, the man moves his body back and forth in a variety of ways, probing for a gap in my defenses.*
Narration: *It's a far cry from the frantic wriggling of an amateur. Every movement has meaning; I can't let down my guard for even a moment.*
Yuuji: (Please get out of here...!)
Narration: *Keeping half an eye on Sakaki, I desperately hold him in check.*
Narration: *And just as she's finally reaching the foot of the slope―*
Yumiko: Kyaaa!
Narration: *Distracted by the fight behind her, Sakaki stumbles over a heavy patch of undergrowth and falls to the ground.*
Yuuji: Sakaki!!
Narration: *For a split-second, her scream distracts me.*
Yuuji: ...!?!
Narration: *Dizzyingly intense pain shoots through my left arm.*
Yuuji: (He got me...!!)
Narration: *I can feel the skin of my arm rapidly growing hot, as if suddenly plunged into a tub of boiling water.*
Narration: *A small glinting silver knife sticks straight out of my forearm like some absurd work of modern art.*
Narration: *My grip on the man weakens against my will.*
Narration: *In a instant, he's broken free of the grapple.*
Man　G: Hmph...
Narration: *The corners of his mouth curl up in something vaguely resembling a smile as he turns his attention to Sakaki.*
Yumiko: No! No, stay away...!!
Narration: *Sakaki scrabbles frantically across the ground, her face distorted with terror.*
Narration: *As if savoring the moment, the man begins to lope toward her at a relaxed pace.*
Narration: *...His first moment of carelessness.*
Yuuji: (I won't let you...!!)
Narration: *With one sharp yank, I tear the knife out of my arm, then hurl it at the man's ankle.*
Man　G: Gwaah!!!
Narration: *The man collapses onto the ground and reaches down for his wounded leg.*
Narration: *Before he can get his hands around the knife, I straddle him and smash a fist into his solar plexus.*
Man　G: Gu... blfh...
Narration: *Gastric juice spraying from his mouth, the man loses consciousness.*
Yuuji: Haaa... haaa...!
Narration: *I can feel blood flowing rapidly out of my body.*
Narration: *Abruptly released from the tension of the fight, exhausted and bleeding, I look up to find the world swaying before my eyes.*
Yumiko: Kazami-kun...!!
Narration: *Sakaki rises to her feet and runs over.*
Yumiko: ......!!
Narration: *Staring wide-eyed at the blood streaming down my arm, she presses her hands to her mouth, speechless with horror.*
Yuuji: I'm... fine. You need to get out of here, Sakaki... Hurry...
Yumiko: But you're... Look at your...!
Yuuji: It'll be all right once I stop the bleeding... Get moving... There might be more where those guys came from...
Narration: *Completely ignoring my repeated instructions to run, Sakaki reaches into her breast pocket, takes out a handkerchief, and holds it to my wound.*
Narration: *The pure white piece of cloth is quickly dyed bright red.*
Yumiko: There's so much blood...!
Narration: *Her anguished expression distorts still further.*
Narration: *I've heard people say women are a little less queasy around blood because of their regular menstrual cycle, but I doubt that makes an injury like this any less surreal and terrifying.*
Yumiko: ...How should I stop the bleeding? I don't know much about this, so you have to tell me...!
Yuuji: I'm telling you, it's fine...! Right now, you need to...
Yumiko: You can't expect me to just leave you here! Hurry!
Narration: *Sakaki's face is filled with uncharacteristically raw and obvious emotion.*
Narration: *But then again, lately I've seen quite a few "human" expressions starting to leak out from behind that indifferent front of hers...*
Narration: *In any case, there's no point letting this circular argument drag on forever. We're just wasting time at this point.*
Yuuji: ...Fine. Tie it tightly just under the elbow.
Yumiko: Y-Yes...
Yuuji: Sorry about the handkerchief, but keep it over the wound itself for now. There should be bandages in my bag. Can you wrap one over the entire area?
Yumiko: All right...
Yuuji: Appreciate it.
Narration: *With my guidance, Sakaki performs some rudimentary first aid.*
Narration: *Soon I'm back on my feet. The blood loss has left me more than a little lightheaded, but we nonetheless hurry along the road home as quickly as possible.*
Narration: *After all, there's no telling what else those people might have planned. The old rules clearly no longer apply.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki hasn't spoken a word. Most likely out of concern for me.*
Narration: *It's painfully obvious that she's worried, but that only makes this feel even worse.*
Yuuji: (...Pathetic. What kind of a bodyguard makes the client worry about them...?)
Narration: *For the moment, I've got to get us back to safe ground and plan some immediate countermeasures.*
Narration: *Their tactics have changed on a fundamental level. We can't get away with the usual routine anymore...*
Narration: *Across from the red glow of the setting sun, a flock of black rain clouds push threateningly into the sky as if to reinforce the looming threat.*
Narration: *Looks like it's going to be another rainy night...*
Michiaki: ...I see. So you managed to at least wound him, then? Next time, finish the job.
Michiaki: ...Yes, if the man leaves you no other choice, I don't care if he ends up dead. Get Yumiko into the car even if you have to shove her inside. Understood?
Michiaki: ...I won't let anyone interfere. I'm going to make this happen...
Michiaki: Just do as I say, Yumiko...
Amane: Welcome b... Wha... W-What on earth!?!
Narration: *Understandably, it doesn't take long for Amane to notice that something's wrong.*
Narration: *Practically the moment we're inside the dorm, her shocked voice attracts the attention of everyone lounging around in the lobby. As they run up, the blood seems to drain from their faces.*
Makina: W-What th' heck happened, Onii-chan!?
Sachi: That bandage is bright red... You're bleeding!?
Michiru: W-W-W-What, what is this? Were you in an accident? Did something happen? Wait, seriously, c'mon!
Narration: *The lazy summer evening quickly gives way to a borderline panic.*
Amane: Should we call an ambulance? Or maybe I should drive you to the hospital?
Yuuji: ...No. There are some complicated circumstances, so I'd prefer not to make too much of a scene. A little treatment here should be enough. Sachi...?
Sachi: Y-Yes!?
Yuuji: Sorry, but can you help me out?
Sachi: Yes! Of course, I'll prepare immediately...!
Michiru: I-I'll help too! L-Like, uhm, we need boiled water, right?
Sachi: Michiru-sama, no one's giving birth! Ah, but we will need some clean towels and such!
Michiru: O-Okay!!
Narration: *Sachi and Michiru noisily dash back to their respective rooms.*
Yuuji: Guess I'll head to my room for the moment... Sakaki, would you help me over there?
Yumiko: Yes, of course...
Yuuji: Appreciate it.
Amane: ...Okay, once he's patched up I think we need to head over there and get the whole story.
Makina: This right here is beyond fishy, ya know...
Narration: *A few minutes after Sakaki helped me into bed, Sachi treats my wound with the skill of an experienced nurse. It's no worse than what I would've gotten at the hospital.*
Narration: *Our maid's fearsome capabilities in this field are worthy of further examination, but for the moment, explaining the situation to the uneasy classmates gathered around me has to come first.*
Amane: ...Sounds like this has really gotten out of hand, huh...?
Narration: *Amane responds to my brief summary with those words and a worried sigh.*
Narration: *Everyone had some idea that Sakaki had been coming under attack, but a knife coming into play seems to have left them more than a little disturbed.*
Makina: Well, we gotta be thankful Yumi-chan got out okay, at least.
Sachi: I'd expect no less from Kazami-san. However, I'm still very concerned about those wounds...
Yuuji: You don't need to worry about me. Their change in strategy just caught me by surprise today. I won't slip up like that next time.
Michiru: R-Really? So you guys ARE going to be okay, right...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Of course.
Narration: *It's a lie. An attempt to reassure them, nothing more.*
Narration: *The ex-military man who knifed me today was a seriously tough opponent, and the others were no slouches either. Even under ideal circumstances it would've been a tough fight.*
Narration: *My failure this time is only going to encourage them to double down on the tough tactics. And while they can bring in fresh bodies, my cuts and bruises are going to start slowing me down eventually.*
Narration: *I need to start devising countermeasures sooner rather than later.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki's been very quiet for a while now. Her face is distinctly downcast.*
Narration: *It's not like she's the one who stabbed me, but... since she's been known to try on occasion, it's probably better not to joke about that.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry, but I'm feeling a little tired. Think you could let me sleep for a while?
Amane: Of course. We'll back off for now.
Narration: *Even Amane doesn't seem eager to throw the usual banter around. Understandable under the circumstances.*
Yuuji: Sakaki, I'm sure today was a little nerve-wracking for you. Being alone might be frightening right now, so why don't you sleep over in someone else's room?
Yumiko: Y-Yes...
Yuuji: Sorry, Sachi, but would you mind?
Sachi: Not at all. Shall we go, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: All right...
Yuuji: Let me know immediately if you notice anything suspicious. They haven't tried anything on school grounds so far, but there's no telling what comes next.
Sachi: Roger.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Sakaki barely said a word right up until the moment Sachi hustled her out of the room.*
Narration: *That weighs on my mind a little. But even as I try to think it over, I feel myself sinking slowly into unconsciousness.*
Narration: *As I sleep, I dream of Sakaki.*
Narration: *I see her as a young girl, standing very still in absolute darkness, sobbing endlessly.*
Narration: *When I approach, her appearance changes to the young woman I know.*
Narration: *But the tears don't stop flowing down her face.*
Narration: *No matter what I say to her, Sakaki stands oblivious in the darkness, crying bitter tears.*
Yuuji: Sakaki...?
Narration: *The moment I wake up, I notice an odd sensation enveloping my left hand.*
Narration: *The darkened room is silent, but I sense someone's presence nearby.*
Narration: *It almost feels like a continuation of the dream. But when I move my eyes to the side, the truth becomes clear.*
Yuuji: Sakaki...
Narration: *I'm sure Sachi ushered her out of the room. She should be sleeping by now. Instead, she's sitting at my side.*
Yumiko: I'm sorry... Did I wake you?
Yuuji: It's all right, I got some sleep... Have you been sitting here all this time?
Narration: *She answers with a quiet nod.*
Yumiko: I couldn't help worrying, so... a little after going to Komine-san's room, I ended up coming back.
Yuuji: Ah...
Yumiko: I'm sorry for holding your hand all this time...
Narration: *The strange warmth surrounding my left wrist was coming from Sakaki's hands.*
Yuuji: ...I don't really mind.
Yumiko: I see...
Narration: *Sakaki's downturned eyes briefly steal a glance at my face.*
Narration: *They're a little bloodshot, and I can see a hint of red in her cheeks.*
Narration: *...Seems that dream just now might have been accurate in a way.*
Yumiko: I really am... very sorry...
Narration: *Stroking my hand a little, she speaks in a sincerely apologetic tone.*
Yuuji: Nothing to worry yourself over. When you're on guard duty, that sort of thing's always a possibility. Let's just be thankful no one ended up in the hospital.
Yumiko: B-But...
Narration: *From the look on her face, I can tell Sakaki isn't remotely convinced by this line of argument.*
Yuuji: Look, it's nothing you need to feel guilty about. I accepted your request, so I'll put my body on the line when necessary. Even if I get a little banged up, as long as you're safe, that's a success.
Yumiko: Of course this isn't a "success!" What are you saying!?
Narration: *All of a sudden, her quiet voice grows rough and quavery.*
Yumiko: Honestly, how can you say that...? *Sniffle*... You were... wounded this badly, and you call that... a "success"...!?
Narration: *Seems I chose my words somewhat poorly.*
Narration: *Sakaki's reached the end of her endurance. Tears, clearly not the first she's shed tonight, fall onto my bandaged hand.*
Yuuji: Sakaki...
Yumiko: *Sob*... I-I'm sorry... I've really been making a spectacle of myself lately...
Narration: *The quiet crying begins to grow in intensity.*
Narration: *Grasping my palm tightly, Sakaki heaves with sobs like a frightened child, teardrops raining from her face.*
Narration: *Her voice echoes loudly inside the otherwise hushed room.*
Narration: *From outside the window, I can hear the faint sound of water cutting through the air.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, the forecast today called for rain a little after midnight.*
Narration: *It's exactly the sort of dark, ugly rain Sakaki hates so much.*
Yumiko: I'm afraid. I'm so afraid...
Narration: *After a few minutes of wordless crying, those words slip out of her mouth.*
Yuuji: ...Of what?
Yumiko: I'm afraid... of getting the people around me hurt. I don't want that... I can't stand watching it...
Yumiko: At this rate, you and the others might end up suffering because of me... and then...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Sakaki squeezes down tighter and tighter.*
Narration: *A tear lands on top of her rigid, trembling hands. Then another.*
Yumiko: I can't let that happen again... I just can't...
Narration: *Losing her mother, betrayed by her father, denied even the chance to make friends, she was pushed into a mock "school" built as a gilded cage.*
Narration: *On an emotional level, it's not surprising that Sakaki finds this latest breakdown deeply painful.*
Narration: *...But that's also exactly why I want to do something for her.*
Narration: *The job isn't easy under these circumstances, but if I can give her some peace of mind, I honestly don't mind taking a few wounds like this.*
Narration: *Looking up at Sakaki's miserable face, I find myself regretting that I didn't manage to pass it off as a lighter injury.*
Yumiko: ...I can't make you suffer any more than this...
Yuuji: Don't worry about me. I can still do my job, even if...
Yumiko: Listen to me! I'm really, truly worried about you!
Narration: *Her voice is desperate. Hoarse from the tears.*
Narration: *I can't remember the last time I felt such powerful hatred for my own incompetence.*
Narration: *Complete silence settles over the room.*
Narration: *Sakaki's eyes don't leave mine.*
Narration: *With a sorrowful expression on her face, she opens her mouth, and speaks sorrowful words.*
Yumiko: ...I'm dismissing you.
Yuuji: What was that...?
Narration: *For a moment, I wonder if I've misheard.*
Narration: *But she doesn't hesitate to confirm my fears...*
Yumiko: You're guarding me... because I made a request of you, right? In that case, I'm going to dismiss you.
Yuuji: What are you saying? You saw those people today. Without me around, next time they'll definitely...
Yumiko: ...I don't care. If that's the only way to keep you and the others safe, so be it...
Narration: *To be certain, although they attacked me today, their target is Sakaki alone.*
Narration: *If I leave her side, the main threat disappears. Those dangerous goons will probably decrease in number. Maybe even disappear altogether.*
Narration: *...But of course, that's simply because they'll be able to accomplish their objective even without the muscle.*
Narration: *I swore I'd protect Sakaki. After making a promise like that, I can't accept a request to abandon her.*
Yuuji: Sorry, but you're still in danger. I'm not willing to shrug my shoulders and walk away. I refuse to resign.
Yumiko: ...That's not acceptable. I'm firing you whether you're willing or not...
Yuuji: Do you know what you're saying here? These people aren't playing around anymore. You're going to...
Yumiko: Try to understand.
Yuuji: Listen to me, Sakaki...!
Yumiko: Please understand!
Yumiko: I'm begging you... Please understand...!
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Sakaki's expression tells the story. This isn't something she just said on the spur of the moment.*
Narration: *It was a painful decision made after long thought.*
Narration: *The tracks her tears have left on her face, the tightly clenched hands - that anguished inner debate has left its marks on her.*
Narration: *But just because I understand the depth of her resolve doesn't mean I can accept this.*
Narration: *It's painfully frustrating to know my sloppiness drove her to such an agonizing decision.*
Yuuji: ...All right. I accept your dismissal.
Narration: *Sakaki isn't going to budge no matter what I say. For the moment, there's no other way to give her relief.*
Narration: *The instant I speak those words, the tension drains out of her hands.*
Yumiko: ...I'm sorry... I...
Narration: *It's as if a heavy weight has fallen from her shoulders; as if she's lost something precious.*
Narration: *A hollow excuse for a smile on her face, Sakaki continues to apologize to me.*
Yuuji: Don't apologize. You're not in the wrong...
Narration: *The sound of the rain outside gradually grows louder.*
Narration: *A harsh pattering fills the dark room, cut off even from the light of the moon.*
Narration: *―As of this day, my employment with Sakaki Yumiko came to an end in the form of a dismissal.*
Narration: *Things are no better than they were at the beginning. No one's been saved. It's the emptiest of all possible conclusions.*

Date: *August 13, 2011, 09:00 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *My contract with Sakaki is at an end. I'm no longer obligated to guard her.*
Narration: *Our classmates were uniformly surprised by the news, but they haven't pestered Sakaki about her reasons.*
Narration: *I think they've more or less figured out why she made that painful decision.*
Yuuji: Makina, you ready to go?
Makina: Hella ready, Chief!
Yuuji: Amane had a shopping list too, didn't she? Don't forget it or things might get scary later.
Makina: Whaahooh! That ain't good! She'd gimme an earful fer sure! Tally-ho, I must goooo!
Yuuji: Okay, kid, you're just off-character now. Don't "Tally-ho" me... Uh, Makina?
Narration: *Her feet pattering noisily against the carpet, Makina heads up to Amane's room.*
Narration: *On the other side of the lobby, Sachi's stooping slightly in the attentive pose of an old-time newspaper reporter, jotting down Sakaki's words in a small memo pad.*
Sachi: ...Yes, certainly.
Yumiko: I'm sorry. I can't go outside too often at the moment...
Sachi: It's quite all right. I'm perfectly happy to purchase anything you need, so please go right ahead.
Yumiko: Thank you...
Narration: *But there's no scoop involved. We're going out for a shopping trip, so Sakaki's asking us to pick up a few things, just like Amane.*
Makina: Thanks fer waitin'! I got th' list from Ama-nee!
Sachi: Well then, Kazami-san, shall we go?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *Answering my younger classmates, I glance to the far side of the lobby.*
Narration: *Sakaki's been reading on a sofa at the side of the large front windows for a while now. But from the desultory way she's picking through the pages, I think it's safe to say she isn't particularly focused on the story.*
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *She glances up from the page briefly. Our eyes meet from across the room.*
Yumiko: ......!
Narration: *Sakaki looks away, gets to her feet, and walks off in the direction of her room.*
Sachi: Kazami-san...?
Yuuji: Right, yeah. About time we got going.
Narration: *Since relieving me of my position, Sakaki hasn't set foot outside the school's walls.*
Narration: *That's partially because of her own instinct for self-preservation, and partially because of me.*
Narration: *The girl's decided it's no longer possible to actively protect herself against the clear threat posed by those attackers. She dismissed me so I wouldn't be dragged into a losing battle on her behalf.*
Narration: *...But even after that, I've continued keeping an eye on Sakaki, if more indirectly than before. I try to keep my distance, but I'm never too far away to respond in case something happens.*
Narration: *I think Sakaki's faintly aware of that. It's probably part of the reason she's shutting herself up in the dorm instead of going outside and making my life harder.*
Narration: *It's not like she's come out and told me any of this, of course. But considering her behavior until now, it seems like a natural interpretation.*
Narration: *Sakaki defiantly rejected the life of a bird in a cage, acting as she pleased even in the face of threats. But now she's locked up once again.*
Narration: *...My determination to protect the girl is part of what's now fencing her in. It's honestly pretty damn frustrating.*
Narration: *Amane's shopping list isn't too huge today, and my young classmates only need a few things themselves, all of which we find easily enough.*
Narration: *That said, the total time investment on this trip turns out to be fairly sizable.*
Makina: Yumi-chan's requests are really friggin' detailed... It's such a pain in th' butt.
Narration: *Sakaki's shopping list reflects her personality. It's neatly and methodically written, even naming specific manufacturers and product numbers...*
Narration: *And Sachi insisted we conduct a painstaking hunt for the exact items described, so this final part of the trip is taking longer than the rest combined.*
Sachi: But then again, this level of clarity is extremely helpful in avoiding mistaken purchases.
Narration: *Sachi smiles peacefully, allowing the eco-friendly reusable shopping bags dangling from her hands to sway back and forth.*
Narration: *Naturally, she brought enough of those things for all of us.*
Yuuji: Not that it's anything new, but you're sure on top of things, Sachi...
Sachi: Indeed. "Always be prepared" is my motto. A little effort in advance prevents trouble down the road.
Yuuji: Yeah, true enough. They love that cliche in my workplace too.
Sachi: So long as one always has a few contraceptives on hand, even the most abrupt sexual encounters can be accomplished without undue panic, yes? It's a similar principle.
Yuuji: ...Right. Sure.
Narration: *It's a bit late to lament my role in the rising levels of vulgarity around here, but when a girl who comes off as "innocence personified" starts talking like this, I can't help feeling a little guilty.*
Narration: *But then again, lately I've been starting to think a good part of the problem might lie inside Sachi herself...*
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *But as I'm considering the matter, Sachi comes to a stop with a small surprised sound.*
Narration: *She's gazing a little way down the street with a curious expression on her face.*
Yuuji: What's wrong, Sachi...?
Narration: *I turn to follow her gaze...*
Yuuji: ...What the hell is that woman doing?
Narration: *A certain blond in a fairly revealing outfit has parked herself by the side of the road.*
JB: Arrrrgh, he's soooo lateeee...
Narration: *Ensconced in the driver's seat of her tacky bright-yellow sports car, she kicks her bare legs into the air in a tacky display of irritation, turning every male head in the area.*
Narration: *She's putting on a big show of waiting for someone, looking down at her watch with a pouty expression of boredom, occasionally even whining to her audience.*
Makina: Life's givin' that lady more than she can handle, ain't it? In a whole buncha ways.
Yuuji: An accurate evaluation.
Narration: *As I bring a hand to my forehead and sigh heavily, the bare-legged blond in question turns in our direction―*
JB: Hiiiii!♪
Narration: *And with a greeting more appropriate for a coed hitch-hiker stranded in the Utah desert, she favors me with a nauseatingly sweet smile.*
Yuuji: All right, let's go. No reason to hang around here all day.
Narration: *Studiously avoiding eye contact, I attempt to play dumb.*
JB: H-Hey! Hey now, c'mon!
JB: What's with the cold shoulder? I've been waiting a good hour, you know? How about at least acknowledging my existence? Hey, seriously!
Narration: *Abruptly switching to fluent and idiomatic Japanese you'd never expect from someone with her appearance, JB calls to stop me.*
Narration: *I obey, feeling my face settle in an expression of profound irritation.*
Yuuji: What's this? Here I was, thinking the owner of some cheap sex shop decided to announce his grand opening by renting a walking billboard-bimbo, but it's just my good friend JB doing her thing. What can I do for you?
JB: ...I've tolerated it up until now because of your distinguished efforts in the field, but this abusive language is completely unacceptable, Kazami Yuuji!
Yuuji: Look, JB, I'm not particularly criticizing you. I have the greatest respect for your professional capabilities.
Yuuji: All I'm saying is... given your age, it might be time to quit that hobby of wandering around town in "brainless foreign slut" mode while dirty old men rape you with their eyes.
JB: ...Next rotation, I'm definitely sending you to Afghanistan or Somalia. That's not a threat; it's a promise!
Yuuji: That might be a nice change of pace. I'm currently unemployed, you see. Really makes you realize the importance of having a nice steady job.
JB: Uh... what're you saying? You're still...
Narration: *Halfway through the sentence, JB bites her tongue.*
Narration: *Sachi and Makina are at my side, and we're in the middle of a public street full of random civilians. Not exactly the time or place to discuss my job.*
JB: ...You're a student, so "unemployed" doesn't seem quite the right word.
Yuuji: Well, I suppose not. That's why I'm enjoying a lazy summer vacation instead of polishing my resume.
JB: In any case, we need to talk. Can you spare the time?
Yuuji: What? Right now?
JB: Yes. Right now.
Narration: *...Sounds like another troublesome discussion awaits.*
Narration: *JB's still got a light-hearted expression on her face, but she spoke those words just now in a familiar deadpan tone of voice.*
Narration: *From years of experience, I know it means this is somehow related to work.*
Yuuji: Sorry, but would you two mind going back first?
Sachi: Ah. No, that's quite all right...
Makina: The heck, man? Yer ditchin' two fresh young lasses to latch onto some forgettable blond!? Ya that hung up on "mature" women, Onii-chan?
JB: Bwah...!? F-Forgettable blond...?
Makina: Indeed! Incee-dental-lee, the unforgettable blond is Chiruchiru! Can't wipe that one outta yer memories no matter how hard ya try!
JB: Forgettable...
Yuuji: Interesting how that part bothers you more than the "mature women" crack.
Sachi: Come on, Maki-chan. Let's not make a nuisance of ourselves.
Makina: Uuu, fine, fineee... Onii-chan, come straight back home when yer done, okay? Don't get into any mischief!
Yuuji: ...Never thought Makina would be the one saying that to me. The times are truly changing...
Sachi: Well then, Harudera-san, please excuse us. We'll be heading back now, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Sorry about that...
Narration: *Sachi promptly leaves, dragging a grumbling Makina along with her.*
JB: Am I really that forgettable...? I sorta thought I left a pretty strong impression...
Yuuji: Don't take the kid's crap seriously. Come on, let's get going already.
Narration: *Why is it that all the women in my life, regardless of age and personality, uniformly manage to give me headaches...?*
Narration: *Sakaki's begun to shut herself up in her room. Obviously, her visits to the riverbank have stopped as well.*
Narration: *After a few minutes zipping down country roads in JB's ridiculously flashy car, the two of us take a seat near the otherwise deserted area where the "incidents" occurred.*
JB: I see. So she did ask you to serve as her bodyguard in a private capacity, eh?
Yuuji: ...And I wasn't specifically restricted from accepting. But in any case, it's been over for a few days now.
Narration: *For the moment, I explain the details of my recent unemployment to JB.*
Narration: *I'd expected her to be a little more surprised about Sakaki's request and my decision to accept it, but she doesn't even bat an eyelid. Kind of kills my momentum.*
Narration: *I suppose JB may've done a little investigation on her own as part of this whole thing with Sakaki's father.*
JB: Here, I made lunch. Want some?
Narration: *Once I've more or less finished my story, JB pushes a prettily-wrapped lunch box in my direction.*
Yuuji: ...Sandwiches, eh? Wise choice, Julia. I suppose even you'd be able to make these without turning the kitchen into too much of a disaster zone.
Narration: *The weirdly girlish packaging is also a little painful to look at, but I decide it best to keep that particular thought to myself.*
JB: ...For your information, Yuuji, my cooking has improved a good bit since then... Uh, hey, at least say something before you start eating!
Yuuji: Hm...? I did say something. Didn't you hear me?
JB: ...Honestly.
Yuuji: Why the exasperation? I'll apologize if I did something wrong...
JB: *Sigh*... Forget about it. Go ahead and eat, but listen to what I have to say.
Narration: *JB retrieves a small notebook from her black file case, her voice shifting to a businesslike tone.*
Narration: *As directed, I listen carefully while chewing away at her egg sandwiches.*
JB: ...You're aware of the recent personnel change at the Ichigaya head office, yes?
Yuuji: Yeah, they sent a message around. The chief of staff resigned and they appointed a successor, right?
JB: Well, just another outcome of the usual power struggles.
JB: ...But there was one slightly troublesome detail. Our new chief of staff, Major General Kadoma, happens to have a very close relationship with the MLIT. He's personally connected to a number of private railway financiers.
Yuuji: ...Hoh.
JB: The Major General actually stopped by our office right away. Unprecedented for such a bigshot to give underlings like us personal attention so soon after entering office. Must've been some good reason for that, I'd imagine.
Yuuji: ......
JB: ...I wonder what it was.
Yuuji: To deliver some instructions about the situation with Sakaki's father, I'd imagine. East Beach lacked direct influence over our company, but now they've got a way to pressure us. Maybe even give us marching orders...
JB: ...Given my position, I can't confirm or deny any of that.
JB: But I can say that the Major General brought up one Kazami Yuuji, and whether it might be best to have him moved inside a different yard with a taller fence.
JB: He said it with a laugh, so perhaps it was an attempt at a joke. But who knows what's he actually thinking...
Yuuji: This really is one hell of a job, despite the low salary. I'm pushed into a mission, yanked abruptly off it, and get a nice trip to the doghouse for my trouble... Our employee benefit program is a shining example to the world.
JB: ...Look, Yuuji. This seems to have become a matter of national interest. It's not a situation you can control on your own.
Yuuji: What're you telling me to do?
JB: Leave your school and voluntarily cut off all contact with Sakaki Yumiko. If you don't, I'll probably be back with an order before too long.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *So keeping me off the "operation" itself isn't enough for them anymore. Now they want me to keep me away from Sakaki herself.*
Narration: *This whole thing has been a headache from the start, and it's clearly only getting worse.*
Narration: *...However, there's one element of JB's story that's been bothering me for some time.*
Narration: *Sakaki's father interfering with public assets on behalf of his private interests is understandable, if legally dubious. But on a more fundamental level, the plot's full of holes.*
Narration: *The vague initial orders. The lack of support. The artificial "abduction attempts." And the obvious, radical change after Sakaki Yumiko hired me...*
Narration: *Under a certain hypothesis, these "contradictions" all begin to make sense.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, JB. There's one thing I want to ask you.
JB: ...What's that?
Yuuji: Up until now, I assumed Sakaki's father had learned about a threat to his daughter's safety, and was taking a variety of measures to protect her.
JB: Yes, that's right. What about...
Yuuji: But considering all the events up until now, the relationships within the Sakaki family, and this odd pressure from the chief of staff...
Yuuji: I've started to think that the real threat to Sakaki Yumiko may be her own father. Any thoughts on that hypothesis?
JB: ......
Narration: *It had been in the back of my mind all along.*
Narration: *If Sakaki Michiaki's objective was simply to protect his daughter, inducing Ichigaya to take me off the job despite my success would make very little sense.*
Narration: *But if the man's goals are exactly the opposite, things start to fall into place.*
Narration: *He was probably trying to intimidate his daughter at first. And I was deployed to serve as some sort of prop in that play...*
Narration: *The attackers' constant complaints about what they "signed up for" might have referred to a scripted scenario handed down from their employer.*
Narration: *In any case... at the present moment, the identity and goal of Sakaki Yumiko's "enemy" appears very clear.*
Yuuji: Her father's the one trying to "abduct" her. Isn't that right, JB?
Narration: *Her face hard and expressionless, JB quietly casts her eyes down.*
Narration: *That's more than enough of an answer for me.*
JB: ...I assume you're asking that question knowing that I can't possibly answer it.
Yuuji: ...Sorry, Julia.
JB: Honestly...
Narration: *JB has her own position to consider. "Middle management" in my company means dealing with highly confidential matters; I can't even guess how many secrets she's obligated to keep.*
Narration: *And JB's the very model of an uber-professional German, with a deeply ingrained reverence for playing by the rules.*
Narration: *Nonetheless, I'm constantly using personal emotions and our shared history with my master to try and pry information out of her.*
Narration: *I'm probably going straight to Hell based on my treatment of women alone. Well... not that I have the slightest qualifications for Heaven in any other respect...*
Yuuji: ...I'm worried about Sakaki. Think I'll be getting back to the dorm now.
JB: ...Are you really all right with this?
Narration: *I'm going to be in danger if I continue interfering in the Sakaki family squabble.*
Narration: *And from what JB's told me about Ichigaya's internal situation, there's a real chance my own people might end up trying to kill me.*
Yuuji: Sakaki's alone. If I leave, she'll lose what little she has left.
JB: ......
Narration: *Now that I've learned about Sakaki's past, closing my eyes and abandoning her is no longer an option.*
Narration: *The girl's spent her whole life profoundly isolated. And now, yet again, a group of self-centered "adults" are trying to tear her life apart.*
Narration: *Although she cut herself off from others as a means of self-defense, somewhere deep down Sakaki's still desperately hoping to be rescued.*
Narration: *I don't know if I can "save" her. But if my interference can create a positive change in her life, I'm going to keep interfering.*
Narration: *I owe that much to the woman who pulled me free of the same dark swamp Sakaki's trapped in.*
JB: Hey, Yuuji...
Yuuji: What?
JB: Are you in love with Yumiko, by any chance?
Yuuji: Why is it that women always go straight for the romantic explanation? You're no better than those leering gossips in the dorm.
JB: Can you honestly and completely deny it?
Yuuji: ...At the very least, that's not what this is about. Probably something closer to sympathy.
JB: ...Sympathy, is it...
Narration: *JB responds in an ambiguous tone that suggests she's only half-convinced.*
JB: The surveillance is only going to intensify. Ichigaya will be scrutinizing you as well. Depending on the circumstances, you might end up picking a fight with the nation itself.
Yuuji: Suppose so...
JB: ...Think carefully, Yuuji. About yourself as well as her...
Narration: *Her voice seemed a little lonely at the end.*
Narration: *A bright yellow car, badly out of place on the shabby country road, roars around the bend and disappears.*
Narration: *The edge of the sky reddens little by little. Clouds begin to gather overhead, suggesting an evening shower to come.*
Yuuji: ...JB says difficult things sometimes...
Narration: *Turning over her final words in my mind, I slowly begin to walk the road home.*
Narration: *The "shower" turns out to be a full-blown rainstorm, continuing well into the night.*
Narration: *My room's filled with the rushing sound of the rain outside.*
Narration: *I sit in bed and listen, completely unable to sleep.*
Narration: *Insomnia's not exactly uncommon for me, but today it's not the usual variety. I just can't get that conversation with JB out of my head long enough to nod off.*
Yuuji: Sakaki Yumiko, eh...
Narration: *Honestly, I didn't give her that much thought at first.*
Narration: *Our first encounter certainly left a strong impression, but since then she's tended to fade into the background as often as not.*
Narration: *For one thing, I've always tried not to get too deeply involved with my classmates, and she's a deeply private person herself.*
Narration: *At some point I recognized we were pretty similar in that regard. Little by little, I developed something of an interest in her.*
Narration: *And right now, she's weighing on my mind more heavily than anything else.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Sitting up in my bed, I push the curtain open and look outside.*
Narration: *It's coming down even harder than I'd expected.*
Narration: *Staring at the drops of water bouncing off my window, I feel my thoughts suddenly lurch inward.*
Yuuji: Guh...
Narration: *Something almost like nausea wells up inside me.*
Narration: *From the bottom of my throat, the depths of my mind, something ugly pushes its way to the surface.*
Yuuji: Think about myself...?
Narration: *Those were JB's instructions from this afternoon, weren't they?*
Yuuji: ...Funny thing to ask of a pet dog...
Narration: *In between rough breaths, a few self-deprecating words spill out of my mouth.*
Narration: *I'm a dog. Raised and trained on taxpayer money to accomplish certain jobs.*
Narration: *They allow me the bare pretense of humanity, but that privilege is conditional on my absolute loyalty and success.*
Narration: *And now I'm on the verge of ignoring orders outright. Opposing Ichigaya for the sake of one woman.*
Narration: *Is it all right to betray your country to help a single person?*
Narration: *My master never taught me the answer to that one...*
Yuuji: Sakaki... what do you want to do...?
Narration: *A girl whose mother disappeared into a deep fog. A young woman betrayed by her father. A human being who lost sight of herself, consumed by a sense of meaninglessness.*
Narration: *Staring at my faint reflection in the window, I ask Sakaki Yumiko a question.*
Narration: *I know there's no answer waiting for me. Even Sakaki probably doesn't have one.*
Narration: *But at this rate, she won't have the luxury of indecision for much longer.*
Narration: *The drumbeat of the rain against my window finally dies down. In the silence, the darkness outside seems to grow thicker and more menacing.*
Narration: *Resting both hands on the window, I continue to ask the night questions without answers.*
Narration: *It feels like dawn may never come.*
Narration: *...And the next morning, we're blessed with such pleasant weather that it's hard to believe that storm passed us by only hours before.*
Narration: *Even so, Sakaki gives no sign of leaving her room.*
Narration: *It's just about the time when she'd usually be heading out for the riverbank, but she doesn't even appear in the lobby. Her shoes sit untouched in the cabinet, slowly gathering dust.*
Narration: *In only a few days, that simple daily routine has vanished, leaving nothing but a void behind.*
Narration: *...And yet again, I have nothing to do but stand around engaging in silent soliloquies.*
Narration: *Michiru and Amane eventually invite me on a shopping trip. Probably found it a little hard to watch me "guarding" Sakaki's invisible after-image.*
Narration: *It didn't seem like Sakaki was likely to step outside of her room today, so I decided to accept.*
Amane: Wheeew. Sorry, Yuuji. My bike and the truck are both out of sorts, and I needed to buy a bunch of stuff. Wasn't sure what I'd do there for a while.
Narration: *We picked up a bunch of small miscellaneous items for Amane on the previous shopping trip, but today it's mainly bulky items like tissue paper and rice.*
Narration: *All three of us have our hands pretty full by the end. Definitely would've been difficult with just the two girls.*
Yuuji: I don't really mind. Also, uh... the Sambar is one thing, but I'm having a really hard time imagining you carrying ten kilos of rice on that motorcycle.
Amane: Ahaha. Yeah, y'got a point there as well!
Narration: *I can just see her roaring down the street on that ridiculously low-riding chopper she calls "Bobataro" with a big sack of rice strapped to her back like some backwoods grandma.*
Narration: *Then again, Amane puttering along happily in a prototypical country mini-truck packed to the gills with provisions would also be pretty comical, but...*
Narration: *Unlike the first case, it's funny because she'd look so perfectly appropriate in that picture. Probably better not to mention it.*
Michiru: Aaargh, geez! Why are these toilet paper things designed to make your fingers scream in agony!? Is customer support even doing their jobs over there!?
Narration: *Temporarily lowering a package of twelve recycled paper rolls onto the ground, Michiru shakes her hands in pain.*
Narration: *Her index and middle fingers are already marked with bright red lines. No way to get around it when you're carrying those things.*
Amane: Ah, why don't you use this? It's a bag grip I used to carry Makina some stuff the other day.
Michiru: Whoah, it's that green handle thing for when you're moving or whatever! Nice! I'll use it! You're amazing, Amane. Why do you have this stuff?
Amane: Well, just kept it around because I thought it might come in handy eventually, I guess...
Michiru: Okay, Amane... it's probably a little wrong of me to say this right after you helped me and all, but you really are an old...
Amane: Ahahah... you don't have to say it, I'm aware... I just can't get over this habit of squirreling random stuff away...
Michiru: ...Hey, it's fine. They say men kinda like that sort of thing, right? C'mon, Yuuji, back me up here.
Yuuji: Hm...? What?
Narration: *My listless response is met with two vaguely reproachful glares.*
Michiru: ......
Amane: ......
Yuuji: ...What's with the look? And the groaning?
Michiru: *Siiiigh*... Well, lookit that, the man's ditched us yet again.
Amane: Ditched us, he has. What's this, th' third time today?
Yuuji: ...Do me a favor and cut it out with the synchronized scorn. And what do you mean, the third time?
Narration: *They answer my question with a pair of exaggerated American-style shrugs.*
Narration: *After another set of deep, simultaneous sighs, they begin talking to each other instead of me.*
Michiru: Did y'hear that, Amane-san? Sounds like our friend here didn't even count the first two times he gave us the deaf 'n' dumb number.
Amane: Like we ain't even here, right? Seriously. Here we are making conversation all considerate-like, and this is what we get? Unb'lievable.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *So it would seem I've fallen out of the conversation twice before without even realizing it...*
Narration: *Putting aside this irritating little routine, I do feel slightly guilty about whiffing on their thoughtful attempts to feed me set-up lines.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah, guess I was a little lost in thought. Didn't mean to ignore you guys. Sorry about that.
Narration: *Amane and Michiru glance at each other and exchange brief, slightly tired little sighs.*
Narration: *But when Amane turns back to look me in the eye, there's an oddly gentle expression on her face.*
Amane: It's about Sakaki-san, isn't it...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, that's right.
Narration: *Saw right through me.*
Narration: *It's times like these that make you realize women control the world on a pretty fundamental level.*
Amane: ...Well, I can understand that. There's no guarantee she's gonna be any safer without you protecting her, and nobody seems to really know what's going on in the first place...
Yuuji: How has Sakaki been doing lately, from what you've seen? Anything noticeably different...?
Narration: *Amane shakes her head slowly...*
Amane: At a glance, she hasn't really changed. But I do think she's a little down...
Michiru: Even when Makina pokes at her like always, she sorta just goes "I suppose..." with this sad look on her face, you know? I dunno, it's like... not the usual Yumiko, I guess...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Sakaki's trying to at least appear calm around me.*
Narration: *But even so, it seems she isn't completely able to hide the turmoil underneath the surface.*
Michiru: Well, y'know, uh. It's kinda complicated, so I don't really understand, but... if you're like this, everyone else is gonna end up depressed too, okay? Try to at least act a little cheerful!
Amane: That's right. Not like standin' around broodin' all day's gonna accomplish anything, yeah? I'll make ya a big feast once w'get back, so get some food in y'r belly and cheer up a li'l!
Narration: *Amane delivers this line with a guffaw and a friendly smack to my ass.*
Narration: *Not only am I unable to help Sakaki, I've ended up getting my classmates worried about me. Truly pathetic.*
Narration: *...What am I supposed to do?*
Narration: *Yet again, I find myself mired in a simple question that has no clear answer.*
Yuuji: What's that...?
Narration: *Just as we're getting close to the dorm, I notice something slightly out of place.*
Narration: *It's the sound of multiple engines moving away from the entrance.*
Amane: Sounded like a car or something...?
Michiru: Principal Tachibana... wouldn't be around during summer vacation, right? Wonder what it was...?
Narration: *Amane's the only one here with a motor vehicle of any kind, so it's pretty rare to hear engines running this close to the school.*
Narration: *The principal and JB would be the main suspects, but as Michiru pointed out, the former is on vacation... and the latter wouldn't just disappear before I came back.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Spurred by a sudden sense of unease, I set off toward the dorm at a run.*
Amane: Ah, hold on, Yuuji!?
Michiru: Wait, what's wrong!?
Makina: Ah! Onii-chan! T-This is really bad!
Narration: *The instant I open the dorm's front door, Makina comes running up to me.*
Yuuji: What happened, Makina?
Makina: It happened so quick, an'... Yumi-chan... Yumi-chan's...!
Amane: Makina, calm down and tell us what happened, okay?
Makina: It really came outta nowhere, ya know? A little bit after you guys went out shoppin', these cars suddenly stopped outside...
Makina: An' then they asked me whether Yumi-chan was around, an' I wouldn't tell 'em, an' then they started sayin' they'd come in by force if they had to...
Michiru: A-Are you okay!? Did they hurt you or anything!?
Makina: ...Yumi-chan showed up before it got that far...
Yuuji: Sakaki came out...?
Narration: *Makina nods repeatedly.*
Makina: Yumi-chan said she can't cause everybody any more trouble... brought out her luggage an' everything... then got in th' car just like that...
Amane: You've gotta be kidding...
Michiru: D-Did they say where they were going or anything?
Narration: *This time, the girl slowly shakes her head from side to side.*
Makina: None of 'em said a word the whole time she was gettin' her stuff... Just stood there like statues... It was really, really scary...
Amane: It's all right. There, there...
Narration: *Amane hugs the anxious-looking Makina close and begins to lightly stroke her head.*
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: What is it, Yuuji...? Your face is kinda scary right now...
Narration: *Michiru looks up at me, uneasiness in her eyes.*
Yuuji: (...You went with them voluntarily? Is this really what you want, Sakaki...?)
Narration: *An image of Sakaki's desolate expression on the night she dismissed me floats to the surface of my mind.*
Yuuji: ...A message...?
Narration: *An electronic chime from my cell phone temporarily interrupts my line of thought.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Sakaki...!
Narration: *When I read those lines, the face that flashes before my eyes don't belong to Sakaki.*
Narration: *It's the face of a woman who once spoke the same words to me, over and over again. A woman who never accomplished anything. Never broke free.*
Narration: *And then, a man with an angular face. Reaching his hands out for me. Swinging his fists mercilessly into my face.*
Narration: *The memories seem to rise up out of the tiny LCD screen and push their way into the present.*
Yuuji: That idiot...!!
Narration: *Closing the cell phone, I snap out the words reflexively.*
Amane: Y-Yuuji...?
Michiru: What's wrong? What happened!?
Narration: *Ignoring their concern, I fire off a question at Makina.*
Yuuji: Makina. What was the model and color of the cars? And how many were there?
Makina: Uh... uhm, they had two black Centuries...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Nodding, I glance quickly around the room one final time.*
Yuuji: ...I'm going.
Amane: Yuuji!
Michiru: Wha? W-Wait, where? Where are you going!?
Narration: *...That's the last thing I want to hear from you, Sakaki. I'm sick of it.*
Narration: *I won't hesitate anymore.*
Narration: *We've both made mistakes, but I'm not about to let us repeat them.*
Narration: *I sprint toward the front gate as fast as I can.*
Yuuji: Shit...!
Narration: *The pair of cars carrying Sakaki already left a minute or two ago.*
Narration: *For the moment, I need to get my hands on something I can use to pursue them...*
Narration: *But of course, there aren't any cars conveniently lying around with the key in the ignition.*
Yuuji: Amane's motorcycle and Sambar are out of commission, too... What do I do...?
Narration: *Just as I'm running through various possibilities in my head...*
Yuuji: Hm...?
Narration: *I hear someone humming a cheerful tune, soon followed by a carefree greeting.*
Sachi: Aah, Kazami-san. You're back, I see.
Narration: *Sachi's returned. On a bicycle.*
Narration: *Judging from the tranquil smile on her face, it seems she missed the earlier commotion entirely.*
Yuuji: Sachi, that's...
Narration: *Her bike is a medium-sized modern model with small tires, more than a little out of sync with the maid uniform.*
Narration: *Sachi lowers herself to the ground easily with a little "Whoopsy-daisy," then lowers the kickstand with one smooth movement of her leg.*
Yuuji: A mini velo, eh?
Sachi: Yes, indeed it is. You're impressively knowledgeable as always, Kazami-san.
Narration: *An ivory colored frame with two cute little wheels on either end...*
Narration: *Since the tire diameter is small, it's easy to get it moving quickly. Even knew a few guys in my company with a passion for these things.*
Sachi: Lately, I've been getting tempting emails from Wiggle nearly every day, and I finally decided to treat myself.
Sachi: Ah, Wiggle is a British mail-order website. Perhaps you're familiar with it, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: Hrm... I've heard people say these things are small but well-made. Looks like it's true.
Narration: *With a few quick movements, I inspect the handles, seat, and the quality of the tires.*
Narration: *Looks like she might have bought a slightly customized model. The frame seems to have been strengthened in places to endure bumpier conditions.*
Narration: *This area does have a lot of unsurfaced or poorly maintained roads... Very typical of Sachi to account for these things in advance.*
Sachi: Translated literally, it was something along the lines of... "Hey, Sachi! The pound's right worthless these days, so bicycles are bloody cheap! Why not pick yourself up a nice bike for fish-and-chips prices?"
Sachi: Oh, that's right. The "velo" in mini velo is actually part of the French word for "bicycle," but...
Yuuji: Sachi, you think I could ride this without issues?
Sachi: Yes, of course. I maintain it quite thoroughly. Would you like to take a little test-ride?
Yuuji: Sounds good.
Narration: *I swing myself onto the mini velo and put my feet on the pedals.*
Sachi: Wah, there you go already. I'm glad to see you like it. I just gave it some oil recently, so the maneuverability has been excell... Uh, Kazami-san...?
Yuuji: See you later.
Sachi: Whaaahoooh! Go, Mihama Rider! So coooool!!
Sachi: ......
Sachi: ...Huh?
Narration: *Its wheels whistling cheerfully, Sachi's mini velo zips jauntily along the road.*
Narration: *This thing's fundamentally designed for riding around town, but fortunately it's capable of reaching a decent speed as well.*
Narration: *The cycle computer installed in the center indicates an average velocity of around 35 kph. Can't compete with a motorcycle or anything, but it's still excellent performance for the size.*
Yuuji: This really is... going to be tough...
Narration: *That said, I'm up against motor vehicles, and they have a head start.*
Narration: *There's a decent amount of traffic since it's summer vacation and all, but they can still leave me in the dust easily enough.*
Yuuji: I'm not going to get anywhere at this rate...
Narration: *Fortunately, they're travelling on a winding, narrow prefectural road of the sort you'll often find on this type of small peninsula.*
Narration: *Country roads present their own opportunities for the experienced rider. With a little skill and luck, it might be possible to catch them even riding a mini velo with a maximum speed of 50 kilometers per hour.*
Narration: *Assuming that the cars are headed for the metropolitan area, the entrance to the toll road 15 kilometers ahead will probably be my last chance to catch them.*
Narration: *Any further than that and a bicycle just won't be enough.*
Yuuji: All right...!
Narration: *I feel bad for Sachi, but I'm going to have to treat this thing a little roughly...!*
Narration: *Leaning heavily to the right, I turn the bicycle onto a farm road that leads to a nearby mountain.*
Narration: *The tires crunch through rough pebbles. My whole body's jolted by small impacts running up through the frame.*
Narration: *Soon I'm surrounded by forest. The trail ahead is one of the more blatant examples of a "bad road" you're ever likely to see. Still, I push forward without hesitating.*
Narration: *Within seconds, leaves and branches are slapping heavily against my face and arms from all sides.*
Narration: *I'd been prepared for a badly-maintained road from the start, but this almost exceeds my expectations. Truly terrible conditions.*
Narration: *This region was once used as an army maneuvering ground. Wouldn't surprise me if this thing dates back to those days. The designers clearly weren't interested in ensuring a pleasant or easy ride.*
Narration: *It's impossible to avoid catching the tires on the natural holes and rocks that litter the path. I struggle along as best I can, using the handles and my own weight to avoid the worst obstacles.*
Narration: *Still... no matter how skillfully I ride, my speed keeps falling. My feelings of impatience are giving way to outright frustration.*
Yuuji: Goddammit...!
Narration: *Even so, this is a definite shortcut. Cutting straight through will get me to my objective much more quickly than following that meandering road around and around.*
Narration: *Lowering my head, I pump the pedals as fast as possible, warding off branches with one hand when necessary.*
Narration: *The slope of the road begins to grow slightly easier. Eventually, the overhanging trees begin to thin out as well.*
Narration: *And suddenly, my field of vision expands dramatically.*
Narration: *Seems I've reached the summit of this foothill. The trail's increasingly level underneath me, and it's less of a challenge to move the pedals.*
Narration: *Best of all, the practically non-existent road finally changes to something more worthy of the name.*
Yuuji: All right... there you are...!
Narration: *I catch a glimpse of two black sedans on the prefectural road stretching out below.*
Narration: *Cars like that aren't common around here, and they're exactly as Makina described them. Sakaki has to be in one or the other.*
Yuuji: Now it's just a question of catching up, I guess...
Narration: *That winding road they're following only continues for another seven kilometers or so.*
Narration: *I've got to somehow get ahead of them and set up an ambush before they get off...*
Narration: *Doesn't help that I don't know exactly where they're going. The city's my best guess, and since they're on this road I can speculate they're trying to take the highway, but I have no proof.*
Yuuji: If they take a different route, I'm SOL either way... Hmm?
Narration: *At this point, I realize that the cell phone in my breast pocket is vibrating.*
Yuuji: Amane...?
Narration: *Eight missed calls. They must've been startled by that sudden exit.*
Narration: *Could always just fill her in later, but I'd feel bad to make them worry too much. I decide to answer the call.*
Yuuji: ...That you, Amane? I think you're aware, but I'm sort of in the middle of something. Let's talk later...
Amane: Geeeeez. You just charged out all of a sudden without a word! We were worried, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Sorry about that. I'll get in touch once things have calmed down a little...
Amane: Ah, wait a second, don't hang up!
Yuuji: What? Look, I'm trying to follow the cars in question. Don't really have time to―
Amane: Yes, I know. I'm calling because I have some information that might be helpful. Not like you had time to investigate or anything, right?
Narration: *...I see, so that's what this is about.*
Yuuji: Ah, sorry. That would be a help. Did Sakaki get in touch or something?
Amane: Unfortunately not, but I do think it might be relevant. Can you talk while you ride?
Yuuji: ...Not perfectly, but we should be able to hold a conversation. What's this information?
Amane: Before we get to that, where are you right now?
Yuuji: I'm following the Mishima Cape coastline. The cars are heading north on the prefectural road, and I'm taking a shitty mountain road running almost parallel. Bit of a shortcut.
Amane: Okay, that's pretty much what we figured. Do you know where the cars are headed yet?
Yuuji: ...No. I guessed they were heading to Tokyo, since Sakaki's father is involved... Am I wrong?
Amane: So this is connected to her family after all, huh? In that case, I think we've got it.
Amane: All right. So at the base of the peninsula, just a little ahead on that road, there's a private heliport owned by her family's company. Have you heard of it?
Narration: *Come to think of it, I think Sakaki mentioned this before...*
Narration: *Apparently it was built more or less for the exclusive use of the company's top brass and their families. Stuck in my mind as a particularly impressive example of late-capitalist excess.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah, now that you mention it. But I'd heard they weren't using it anymore...
Amane: But guess what Makina found when we were looking around for clues? Apparently there's been this one weird helicopter sitting there since this morning.
Yuuji: ...Seriously?
Amane: This is coming from some message board where photo nerds gather, but it seems there's a bunch of guys in business suits who've never been there before hanging around. Like, all of a sudden this place is weirdly tense, you know?
Narration: *I see. Makes sense. I can't do a thing if they ship her out of here in the air.*
Narration: *That heliport isn't far from the interchange leading to the highway... maybe 700 or 800 meters.*
Narration: *It's entirely plausible given their current position. And it's hard to think the unusual situation there is a coincidence.*
Amane: Don't you think that's kind of fishy?
Yuuji: ...Forget "fishy," it's probably where they're taking her. All right, I'm going to end the call. Thanks.
Narration: *It's helpful to know their destination, but that doesn't make this chase any easier.*
Narration: *Once she gets on that helicopter, it's game over. I absolutely have to catch up before then somehow.*
Yuuji: But seriously... this road is the worst!
Narration: *Branches slap against my face, vines catch in my hair, and the rocks randomly lying across the ground are constantly slowing the rotation of my tires.*
Narration: *The cars, visible only for brief moments in between gaps in the trees, seem to slowly be pulling further away.*
Narration: *My odds of catching up are getting longer. I'm going to need some luck at this point.*
Narration: *The mountain road I chose as a shortcut was ideal in terms of distance. At full speed, I might have gotten ahead of them by now...*
Narration: *But riding on hilly terrain while pushing my way through thick undergrowth cost me more even more time than I'd expected.*
Yuuji: (I have to take advantage of the time loss when they disembark...)
Narration: *It's not like they can just drive the whole car onto the helicopter. At the very least, it'll take them a minute or two to get everyone out of the car and into the chopper.*
Narration: *Now that they've pulled ahead, I can only hope that gives me the chance I need to close the gap.*
Narration: *Practically tumbling down the descending path branching off the mountain trail, I finally rejoin the prefectural road.*
Narration: *The heliport in question is only four or five hundred meters ahead, but the cars are no longer visible.*
Yuuji: Can I make it...!?
Narration: *Ignoring the traffic light ahead, I let my momentum carry me across the intersection, weaving between the cross-traffic.*
Narration: *My ears ring from a dozen honking horns as I rush directly toward the heliport.*
Narration: *A small facility on a sprawling plot of land surrounded by fences comes into view.*
Narration: *This has got to be it, if I remember the map correctly.*
Narration: *With a powerful squeal from the brakes, I force the bike from its maximum speed to a halt.*
Yuuji: Damn...! Too late...
Narration: *Just as I'm rolling up to the fence, the sound of a helicopter rotor fills the air.*
Narration: *There are ways to get a chopper back on the ground, but few that involve it staying in one piece, and none that are available to me now.*
Narration: *And following a car is one thing, but chasing a helicopter on a mini velo would just be absurd.*
Narration: *I mean, forget a mini velo... no matter what kind of vehicle you have, keeping up with that thing from the ground is going to be very close to impossible.*
Yuuji: So much for that plan...
Narration: *I watch as the helicopter slowly rises into the sky and turns its nose to the west.*
Narration: *For some reason, the direction of its flight strikes me as a little strange...*
Yuuji: Wait... they're not going to the city...?
Narration: *The helicopter's heading almost directly away from Tokyo.*
Narration: *It maintains a course to the west, flying parallel to the Shonan coastline.*
Narration: *If I remember correctly... to the west of here, there's...*
Yuuji: Hm...?
Narration: *But as I'm thinking about the helicopter's possible destination―*
Blond　Man: Hey, bro! Hello! Talkin' ta you! Couldja get outta th' way?
Narration: *A completely out-of-place Kansai drawl rings out in the dry summer air.*
Yuuji: What, you talking to me?
Blond　Man: Of course I'm talkin' ta you! Who th' heck else would I be talkin' to in th' middle of an empty road?
Narration: *Compared to Amane's relatively soft Kyoto dialect, he's got a seriously strong accent. Probably from the Kawachi area?*
Yuuji: I see. In other words, my presence in the middle of the road is obstructing your passage.
Blond　Man: Oh, ya finally fig'red that out!? Then how 'bout gettin' outta the way already!
Narration: *He's got a dome of hair bleached such a blinding blond that even Michiru would bow down, and a sharp beak nose that actually works for him somehow. Expensive clothes, too. About the last guy you'd expect to have such a thick drawl.*
Yuuji: A character redesign might be in order... Hmm?
Narration: *But that blond hair isn't the only thing that clashes with the Kansai accent.*
Narration: *Once I get a look at the car he's driving, my eyes stop moving entirely.*
Yuuji: A Gallardi Spyder!? What's a car like this doing here...?
Narration: *Of all the out-of-place things in front of me, this is without a doubt the most bizarrely misplaced of all.*
Narration: *It's the Lanborghini company's signature model, an extreme luxury sports car on the class of a Ferrard, with a sticker price that could buy you a nice chunk of real estate.*
Blond　Man: Oh, ya know it, eh! This here's a custom model, too! M'Dad's in th' East Kawachi Chamber o' Commerce an' all, right? I don't really know th' details, but I guess they've got some connections in Italy...
Blond　Man: Probly shouldn't be tellin' ya this, but this baby can hit 300 kilos an hour! Fer real!
Yuuji: ...You don't say.
Blond　Man: How y'like them apples? Might be a few guys around wit' Lanborghinis, but ya won't find many drivin' somethin' like this... Uh, watch it, bro! Ya don't gotta get fingerprints all over it, right?
Yuuji: Hrm... yeah, this thing's about as fast as they come... Seriously hard to believe I'm seeing a car like this in Japan...
Blond　Man: W-Well, yah, sure. I mean, I do kinda want ta go somewhere better an' really put th' girl through her paces, but in Japan they'll lock ya up in no time, ya know?
Yuuji: ...Anyway, you've seriously got a nice ride here.
Blond　Man: Okay, so y'got a good long look, yeah? Look, I gotta get t'a party here, if ya don't get outta the way, I'm gonna be...
Narration: *Leaning in close to the man's beak nose, I speak in a very deliberate tone of voice.*
Yuuji: ...A very nice ride.
Blond　Man: ......
Blond　Man: ...Wha?
Blond　Man: Yeeeeeeeeaaghhh...!!!!
Narration: *In inverse proportion to the man's fading shriek, the needle in the speedometer soars steadily upward.*
Yuuji: Amazing...!
Narration: *It's my first time actually riding in one of these things. The acceleration's powerful enough to make my whole body tremble.*
Narration: *If this was a carefree joyride, I'd be perfectly content to tear around all day in this thing.*
Yuuji: This is a truly magnificent car...!
Blond　Man: Y-Yeah, right, an' how much d'you think it cost!?!
Narration: *It's impossible to hold a conversation unless we quite literally scream at each other.*
Narration: *From what my new friend tells me, the car itself hasn't been remodeled in any way, but it still roars as loudly as any hot rod I've ever seen.*
Narration: *...Absolutely not the sort of car you should be shipping to Japan, of all places.*
Blond　Man: Fwoooooh! Y-Yer goin' too fast, right! Look, bro! C'mon, the speed, look at th', hey, please!!
Yuuji: Puttering around town doing the speed limit in a monster like this would just be disrespectful, don't you think?
Blond　Man: Heeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!!!!
Narration: *As the man's pressed back into his seat by the g-force, his attempt at speech slurs incoherently into a high-pitched little shriek.*
Narration: *In the sky ahead, the helicopter continues its calm journey west along the coast.*
Narration: *Maybe the wind's a little rough today? For whatever reason, it's flying at a pretty relaxed pace. Hasn't been getting too far ahead of us.*
Narration: *Of course, that'd still be completely impossible without this absolute beast of a car, but...*
Blond　Man: H-Hey, buddy, like I said before, I'm just loanin' you the car, right? Ya gotta give it back in one piece when yer done!
Blond　Man: They're gonna be crazy mad if I'm late to th' party, I gotta give 'em that turkey I brought back from my trip an' all...
Yuuji: I see. Wouldn't do to show up late to a party, I suppose.
Blond　Man: Y-Yeah, fer sure! So, y'know, could ya maybe tell me where we're goin', at least... maybe...?
Yuuji: Sure. There's a small corporate airport not far from here.
Blond　Man: An a-airport...?
Yuuji: Owned and operated by East Beach Transport, a company under the East Beach Railways Group umbrella. It's mainly used for in-company freight planes carrying parts and equipment from overseas―
Yuuji: But every once in a great while, a private jet does fly out of there. And the helicopter carrying Sakaki is headed straight for it. You understand where I'm going with this?
Blond　Man: W-Whaaa? How'm I supposed t'know? I mean, who's "Sakaki" supposed t'be!?
Yuuji: Once that airplane takes off, it's going to become very close to impossible for me to help Sakaki.
Yuuji: I'd probably ship her off to some foreign school if I was in his shoes. There's always a risk of information leaking if you hide her in Japan, but that risk gets a lot smaller overseas.
Blond　Man: Look! I don't care about any a'that crap! Can y'just tell me how much longer ya need to borrow th' car!? That's all I wanna know!
Yuuji: Hm... right, sorry. We should be there in less than 20 minutes at this pace. Just tough it out for a while.
Blond　Man: Y-Yer givin' me your word on that? Aaah, man... why me...?
Narration: *The helicopter seems to have increased its speed ever so slightly.*
Narration: *It's very gradual, but I think they're starting to increase the distance between us.*
Yuuji: I'm going to pick up the pace a little.
Blond　Man: Uh, wha, y-ya wanna go faster 'n this? Ya gotta be kiddin' me. Hold on...
Yuuji: Don't talk. You'll bite your tongue.
Narration: *The instant we turn onto a straight stretch of road, I press the gas pedal to the floor.*
Blond　Man: Fumbwwoooooooh...!!!!
Michiaki: ...Yes. Yes. Really, I can't thank you enough, professor. I have complete confidence in your recommendation. Yes, my daughter has been longing for a proper education in English for some time, and it seemed the right moment...
Michiaki: Oh, of course. I should be stopping by very soon to discuss Kadoma-san's project, among other things... Yes, quite. I think it's safe to expect some progress on that front as well...
Michiaki: Yes. Well then, until next time... please excuse me.
Michiaki: Enter.
Chief　Secretary: Please excuse me.
Michiaki: ...What's the situation?
Chief　Secretary: The helicopter is on its way to the airport now. If all goes well, she should arrive in America early tomorrow morning.
Michiaki: "If all goes well" isn't good enough. Make it happen.
Chief　Secretary: Y-Yes. My apologies.
Michiaki: ...What about that ex-military brat?
Chief　Secretary: There was no sign of him when they picked up Yumiko-sama. The Major General may have ordered him to keep his distance...
Michiaki: ...I see. Still, don't let your guard down.
Chief　Secretary: Yes, of course. Please excuse me.
Michiaki: ...We shouldn't have too many of these irritating insects swarming around her once she's safely overseas.
Michiaki: You're going to behave yourself from now on, Yumiko. For the Sakaki family's sake as well as your own...
Narration: *The scenery flies past at astonishing speed.*
Narration: *There's a bit more traffic now, but the oncoming cars flinch in terror the instant they see us approaching. They pull over to the shoulder one by one as we roar forward down the road.*
Yuuji: Still can't catch him...!
Narration: *Most of my concentration is focused on manipulating the steering wheel, but every few seconds I glance over at the helicopter from the corner of my eye.*
Narration: *It hasn't really picked up speed, but the terms of this race simply weren't fair to begin with.*
Narration: *They're flying a direct course through the sky with no obstacles or signs to worry about. Completely different from chugging along on a public road, no matter how nice your car might be.*
Blond　Man: A-Are w'there yet...? How much longer...?
Narration: *My friend's voice has by now lost almost all of its initial vigor, but he keeps up a constant stream of questions about the time. Seems he's really worried about that party of his.*
Yuuji: Okay, one more turn! It's a straight shot after this!
Blond　Man: Ngwaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *The car drifts into the intersection, tires squealing as the rear swings out to the side.*
Narration: *A small sign for the airport flashes past in the fraction of a second before we speed off again.*
Narration: *Another three kilometers to go. I've got to beat them there and find a way to intercept their "cargo"...*
Narration: *For now, I simply tear down the road running parallel to the coast at full speed.*
Narration: *The entrance to the airport comes into view, then a small control tower and a number of nondescript cargo aircraft.*
Narration: *Among them, there's a single plane that's conspicuously different from the others.*
Narration: *It's a smaller craft with stripes in the East Beach Express red and blue on its flank. Has to be a passenger jet belonging to the company.*
Narration: *And just at its side, the helicopter we've been chasing all this time has already landed.*
Yuuji: Shit... too late again...!?
Narration: *As the crow flies, it's only 300 meters away.*
Narration: *Close enough that I can actually see the small group of people boarding the jet.*
Narration: *I grope desperately for some sort of solution, but even if I ram my way into the airport, there's not much I can do now that they're fully embarked.*
Narration: *Frustrating as it is to admit, I'm out of ideas.*
Narration: *The jet begins to taxi for takeoff practically the instant the door shuts behind the last passenger. So much for my wishful thinking about a multi-hour delay.*
Blond　Man: H-Hey... we're at th' airport now, yeah? Can y'cut a guy a break already? I mean, I, I told ya, right? I gotta get 'em that turkey an' all...
Yuuji: Sorry, but I don't have the time to chat about your bird right now...
Narration: *..."Bird?"*
Narration: *The instant the word leaves my mouth, something occurs to me.*
Yuuji: Hey.
Blond　Man: W-What now...?
Yuuji: I've got a question. That turkey of yours... it frozen?
Blond　Man: T-Th' heck d'ya wanna know that for? What's m'turkey got t'do with this?
Yuuji: Hurry!!
Blond　Man: Yuh, yes! It's frozen! I packed it with lotsa cold gel an' all, should still be cold an' stiff...
Narration: *...I see. A wise choice.*
Narration: *Hopping out of the driver's seat, I walk over to the passenger side of the car and lightly grab hold of the man's shoulder.*
Yuuji: You're on the wheel, all right? Just do exactly what I tell you.
Blond　Man: H-Hey, what're ya taaaalkin' about? Ya said we were just goin' to th' airport, right? What else d'you want from meee...
Narration: *This time I lean down and bellow into his ear.*
Yuuji: Hurry up!
Blond　Man: Yessiiiir!!
Yumiko: ......
Man: ...I'm sure you've heard as much from your father, but this plane will be proceeding directly to America.
Yumiko: America...?
Man: Yes. You weren't aware?
Yumiko: ...I see. I suppose that's an appropriate enough place to deposit a problem child...
Man: ...I'll prepare an information packet for later. I imagine you're tired, yes? Perhaps you could look it over after a rest...
Yumiko: ...Very well.
Narration: *The car smashes through the thin fence separating the airport from the public road with a satisfying crunch.*
Narration: *Aiming for the runway where the jet's already in position for takeoff, we charge forward at maximum speed.*
Blond　Man: Aaah, lord... what'm I gonna do...? Hafta get th' front fixed now... an' I just got it patched up after th' fender-bender, too...
Yuuji: All right! Line her up right beside that jet. After that, just hold steady and keep the accelerator to the floor.
Narration: *While shouting instructions to my good friend, I retrieve a large, flashy box from the back seat.*
Blond　Man: Wha? W-Wait a sec, man! What d'ya think yer doin'!? That's my turkey, right? Hey!
Yuuji: A passenger jet takes off at around 285 kph. We should just barely be able to catch up in this thing!
Blond　Man: Can y'just friggin' listen to me for a second!? Please, I'm beggin' you... Just fer a second...?
Yuuji: We can make it if you keep that pedal all the way down. I'm counting on you!
Blond　Man: Huh, no, wait, aaaah! What're ya doin'!?
Narration: *I take out the enormous lump of birdflesh from its bed of cold gel packs and hold it high into the air like a championship trophy.*
Yuuji: Guh... the wind pressure...!!
Narration: *We're traveling at a speed sufficient to lift an airplane into the sky. The moment I stand up from behind the windshield, the air rushing past shakes my body violently.*
Narration: *Somehow holding myself steady, I dig my fingers into the turkey and move my hand slightly forward.*
Narration: *...It's an absurd plan, and I don't have a chance to rehearse. I can only hope I get the timing and angle of release correct. Still, I've got no choice but to try.*
Yuuji: Hey, can't you get this thing going any faster!?
Blond　Man: Y-Ya gotta be kiddin' me! Faster ain't an option, man! An' what about my turkey!? What're ya doin' to my poor turkey!?
Narration: *It won't be possible to catch up if the plane hits V1 speed.*
Narration: *We've got to make it before then...!*
Yuuji: All right...! Good, keep going like this!
Narration: *The car slips out from under the engine and begins to push slightly ahead.*
Narration: *Carefully watching the distance, I wait for the right moment.*
Narration: *Another five seconds... four... three... two...*
Yuuji: Now!!
Narration: *Throwing both arms up with all my might, I fling the cold lump into the air and let the wind carry it back.*
Narration: *The turkey soars majestically into the sky... and then, instantly captured by the powerful suction of the intake, curves toward the engine...!*
Yumiko: Kyaa...!
Man: W-What was that sound!?
Pilot: B-Bird strike! It looks as though a bird's been pulled into the engine!!
Man: Wh... What!? We can't fly!?
Pilot: Not possible! I'm making an emergency stop!
Man: Find out what happened and get us a functional plane! Immediately!
Pilot: Y-Yes!
Man: There might be something strange going on out there. Sweep the area as soon as we come to a stop!
Man　2: O-Of course!
Man: Okay! Hurry!
Man　2: Yessir!
Man　2: Gwaaah!!
Man: W-What's wrong!?
Yumiko: Huh? What's going on...?
Man: Don't worry. I'm going to take a look. Please wait here for the moment!
Man: Hey, I'm coming! What happened!?
Man: Ghahh...!!
Yumiko: W-What is this...? What on earth...
Narration: *She's sitting at the very back of the twenty-seat cabin, crouching as if to hide herself.*
Narration: *Her frightened expression changes to one of stunned astonishment the moment our eyes meet.*
Yumiko: ...Kazami-kun...!?
Yuuji: Yo.
Narration: *I speak in the same casual tone I always used to greet her in the classroom.*
Yumiko: Why are you...!? I didn't want to cause you any more trouble! That's why I...!
Narration: *Before Sakaki can continue, I snap open my cell phone and show her the screen.*
Yumiko: This is... the message I...
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *She'd probably intended it to be her goodbye.*
Narration: *But instead, those words brought me here.*
Yuuji: Again with the "I'm sorry," huh?
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: I told you not to say that anymore, didn't I!?
Narration: *Sakaki's bewildered expression crumples. All of a sudden she's on the verge of breaking down.*
Yumiko: B-But I... I really was nothing but a nuisance to you... I just thought... I had to apologize...
Yumiko: Not just to you... To the others in the dorm... To everyone who was kind to me... Everybody...
Narration: *Little by little, her eyes fill with tears.*
Narration: *Her voice quavers as she wipes them away with her hands.*
Yuuji: In that case, keep going until you can repay them properly. Nobody wants your apologies, all right? Try gratitude instead...
Yumiko: Gratitude...?
Yuuji: That's right...
Narration: *With a nod to Sakaki, I slowly move my hand off the seat and extend it forward.*
Narration: *Once, when I was at absolute rock bottom, my master reached out a hand to me.*
Narration: *And now, imitating her as best I can, I reach out to Sakaki.*
Yumiko: Kazami-kun...
Narration: *Sakaki observes my outstretched hand uncertainly.*
Narration: *With eyes still full of hesitation, she looks up to me.*
Yuuji: You're right here, Sakaki Yumiko. I can see you just fine. Come with me.
Narration: *For years, she's refused to acknowledge the girl in the mirror as anything but a character in a play. Shrinking back from the world, she lost her place in it entirely.*
Narration: *And so, I begin with a simple affirmation of her existence.*
Yuuji: I'll get you out of here. I'll hold you up until you can walk, and I'll speak until you find your voice. Don't dance on anyone's strings. You can live your life however you want.
Yuuji: ...I came here to show you how.
Yumiko: You want me... to run...?
Yuuji: Not quite. I want us to search for an answer.
Yumiko: An answer...
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko is a daughter of the Sakaki family. She's also, first and foremost, a human being.*
Narration: *In the course of a life filled with painful events completely beyond her control, she very nearly lost sight of that. But it's an absolute fact.*
Narration: *Right now, this girl's lost the ability to live on her own terms.*
Narration: *...So until she can find her answer, I'll just have to keep her safe.*
Narration: *Now that I've made that decision, I'm not going to back down, no matter what comes next. Even if my own country comes after me.*
Yuuji: Let's go, Yumiko.
Yumiko: ...Wha?
Narration: *Sakaki reacts strongly to that word.*
Narration: *I haven't used her name since the day we reached our first wary truce.*
Narration: *Today, I'm breaking that seal.*
Narration: *It's the clearest way I have to demonstrate how I see her now.*
Yuuji: Come on, Yumiko.
Narration: *I bring my hand still closer.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *I think she understands. I'm not talking to the daughter of a railroad tycoon or an anti-social problem child; I'm talking to a fellow human being.*
Narration: *And because she understands, her face grows all the more uncertain. A part of her is questioning whether she deserves this.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...!
Narration: *Instead of saying "It's all right," I call out her name and push my hand forward.*
Narration: *Sakaki's breath catches in her throat. She moves her mouth slightly without producing a sound, as if to practice. And then, somewhat hesitantly―*
Narration: *She speaks.*
Yumiko: Is it really... all right...?
Yuuji: Yes.
Yumiko: Okay... I'll go with you...
Narration: *"Yumiko" nods and takes my hand.*
Narration: *At first, it's a gentle, hesitant touch, but soon her grip grows firm.*
Narration: *I clasp her hand tightly in return and draw her up out of her seat.*
Yuuji: There'll be others coming soon. We need to hurry...!
Yumiko: Yes...!
Narration: *Leading her by the hand, I exit the plane by the escape chute.*
Narration: *A quick glance around suggests no one's pursuing us yet. Still, I leave at a run, pulling Yumiko along behind me.*
Narration: *It's the first time I've ever really held the girl's hand. It feels slender in mine. Surprisingly small.*
Narration: *From now on, I'll have to lead Yumiko safely forward, shielding her from danger.*
Narration: *It's a serious responsibility. I knew that from the start, but right now it feels terribly... real.*
Yuuji: (Having someone to protect... really weighs you down, Asako...)
Narration: *Was it like this for my master when she pulled me along all those years ago?*
Narration: *Right now, Yumiko's small hand feels unbelievably heavy.*
Narration: *Can a piece of trash like me really carry this kind of weight?*
Narration: *I can feel doubt oozing out of me like sweat.*
Yuuji: (That's no good...)
Narration: *...It'll only make Yumiko uneasy if I start brooding.*
Narration: *Shaking my head a little, I resettle my hand around hers.*
Narration: *A tight grip, so that it can't slip away.*
Narration: *―Beyond the quickly-parting clouds, I can see the sky gradually turning to red.*
Narration: *...Night will be here before long.*

Narration: *A field of white stretches out endlessly before me.*
Narration: *It's such a pure and brilliant light that it seems like my fingers will melt away if I reach out to touch it.*
Narration: *But that's not really an option in the first place. My body feels like it's buried under layers of mud; even the slightest movement is frustratingly difficult. It takes all my effort just to lift my hand a fraction of an inch.*
Yuuji: ...Who's there...?
Narration: *I can hear a voice at my ear.*
Narration: *No... maybe it's coming from inside my ear itself? I can't even tell.*
Narration: *It's a woman's voice. Not particularly gentle, but very familiar.*
Narration: *Is she speaking a name? Telling me something? I want to know, but the words fade in and out of audibility, slippery and evasive.*
Narration: *...My hand finally moves. I grope around above my chest, trying to grab hold of the voice.*
Yuuji: Speak... more clearly...
Narration: *I want to hear what that voice is trying to tell me. I want to know where this strange nostalgia's coming from...*
Narration: *But soon enough, I find my hand mired in the mud once more. Maybe it was wrong of me to try in the first place.*
Narration: *Maybe... I don't deserve to hear those words...*
Laborer: Hey, kid!
Yuuji: Hm...?
Narration: *A shout from overhead breaks forcibly into the dream. The field of white in front of me gradually takes on shades of blue.*
Narration: *I try to move my hand to shield my eyes from a dazzling spot of light, but there's something soft on top of my body that gets in the way.*
Yuuji: What... is this...?
Narration: *As I pull the lump of cloth off me and examine it through bleary eyes, the man standing over me takes the cigarette from his mouth and answers in a slightly exasperated tone of voice.*
Laborer: It's a blanket, buddy. Never seen one b'fore? You were nappin' out in the cold in short sleeves, so the old lady brought it out from the trailer for ya.
Yuuji: I see... It is a bit chilly, I guess.
Narration: *The sun's certainly bright enough, but the air's far from warm.*
Narration: *My sleep-fogged mind takes a few seconds to recall the date and my current situation.*
Narration: *It's November. Having lost my previous occupation several months ago, I'm lying on the ground outside my new workplace, apparently at the end of a brief nap.*
Laborer: Lunch break's over. Maybe y'should be gettin' ready?
Yuuji: Right. My apologies.
Narration: *The worker stubs out his cigarette in an ashtray nearby and smiles wryly down at me.*
Laborer: Buddy, you look like a kid, but y'talk like my dad.
Yuuji: That a fact...? I'm not really doing it on purpose.
Laborer: In that case, your last job or school or whatever musta been a pretty strict place. Was your old man a teacher, maybe?
Yuuji: ...No, nothing like that. But the person who raised me was a little unique.
Laborer: Ah, so that's it. Well, anyway, it's just a construction site, y'know? Let's keep it casual.
Narration: *Thumping a hand onto my shoulder, the man shakes me back and forth in what's presumably intended to be a friendly gesture.*
Yuuji: Right. My apologies.
Laborer: ...In one ear an' out th' other, huh?
Laborer: Ah, crap, they're startin' already. C'mon, let's get a move on.
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *I grab the helmet lying at my side and head for the site at a jog.*
Narration: *The sun, already falling lower in the sky, gently warms my back.*
Date: *November 17, 2011, 09:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Narration: *In television dramas and such, fugitives "on the run" from something or other often head straight for the sleepiest stretch of countryside they can find.*
Narration: *The basic idea is that less people means less opportunities for someone to see you, but...*
Narration: *Nine times out of ten, that's a downright terrible strategy. An outsider suddenly showing up in a tiny close-knit community stands out like the proverbial sore thumb.*
Narration: *As anyone who's read a decently plotted mystery novel can tell you, hide a leaf among leaves and a corpse among corpses.*
Narration: *And when you're looking for a place with a high population that offers convenient opportunities for under-the-table employment, the metropolitan area is the obvious choice.*
Narration: *When you're hiding a person, do it among people― that's one lesson I learned not from my master, but through painful personal experience.*
Narration: *The day's work finished up right on schedule. I walk the road home at a steady pace, a bag of deep-fried food from one of my new co-workers dangling from one hand.*
Narration: *This town, about an hour by train from the heart of Tokyo, used to be one of the old-school "red light" districts back in the day. Even now that it's been cleaned up, the atmosphere's still a little on the seedy side.*
Narration: *Anybody would get lost on their first trip through this warren of narrow streets and tangled alleyways. Not the most convenient town to lead a normal life in, but right now, it's exactly what we need.*
Yuuji: (...Nothing seems off today, either.)
Narration: *With small movements of my eyes, I observe the appearances and behavior of the people around me.*
Narration: *Apart from checking for possible surveillance personnel, I'm looking for changes in the neighborhood shops and restaurants. Anything even slightly different from yesterday warrants careful scrutiny.*
Narration: *Although it's pure habit by now, this still involves a good deal of mental focus and emotional strain. Honestly pretty rough when I'm coming home physically exhausted from a long day of manual labor.*
Narration: *...Still, letting down my guard isn't an option.*
Narration: *We're tucked away pretty discreetly here, but there are definitely people looking for us, and a single coincidence could completely overturn the status quo.*
Narration: *Quietly repeating that fact to myself, I take yet another look around.*
Narration: *I overlap my memorized image from yesterday with the street before my eyes and compare the two carefully.*
Narration: *About fifteen minutes walking distance from the station, I slip through a pair of alleyways, then enter a small apartment building.*
Narration: *There are more straightforward routes home, but I've been deliberately taking a tangled path to make life a little harder for anyone who tries to follow.*
Narration: *After a slow, watchful climb up the stairs, I unlock the door marked 203 and enter the room.*
Yuuji: I'm back. All quiet today as well?
Narration: *When I open the door, I'm immediately greeted by a relieved face.*
Yumiko: Yes, nothing out of the ordinary...
Narration: *Confirming that Yumiko's present and well, I finally allow myself to relax a little.*
Yuuji: All right. Good to hear.
Narration: *Taking off my shoes, I hand over the sack with the fried food.*
Yuuji: Got another present from Sawai-san. Can you get out the plates?
Yumiko: It's always Sawai-san, isn't it... I feel a little guilty, since we can't offer anything in return.
Yuuji: Well, as far as they know I'm living alone, and I don't eat that much at lunch. Guess they're a little worried about my diet.
Yumiko: There seem to be a lot of kind people at that workplace of yours...
Yuuji: They're a little on the rough side, but... yeah, you aren't wrong.
Narration: *After leaving my bag on the floor, I head for the kitchen area.*
Yuuji: I'll warm it up and throw something together.
Yumiko: All right...
Narration: *The cold water falling onto my hands feels like a sign of the changing seasons.*
Narration: *Autumn may linger a while longer by the calendar, but soon it'll be winter in all but name.*
Yuuji: That you, Amane...? Yeah. I got Sakaki out of there. Sorry about the hassle.
Yuuji: I'll be getting in touch again at some point, but I had Sakaki throw her cell away. Keep in mind we won't be able to answer calls from your end for the moment.
Yuuji: ...Also, tell Sachi I'm sorry about the bike. I'll compensate her as soon as I get the chance. All right, hanging up now.
Yumiko: Suou-san...?
Yuuji: Yeah. The others made some real contributions to the rescue operation.
Yumiko: I see... I've ended up causing everyone more trouble...
Yuuji: This isn't the time to be feeling guilty. For the moment, let's just focus on getting ourselves somewhere where they can't track us down.
Yumiko: Do you have any ideas...?
Yuuji: ...I've made some preparations for a rainy-day scenario. We'll stop by there first.
Narration: *Still pulling Yumiko along, I looked over to meet her eyes.*
Yuuji: Don't worry. It's going to be all right. Trust me.
Narration: *She answered while squeezing my hand powerfully in hers.*
Yumiko: Okay...!
Michiaki: "She was kidnapped" isn't an explanation! I arranged a helicopter straight to the airplane, and this is what I get!? Are you people braindead!?
Man: I-I'm very sorry! We never expected the man to execute such an absurd plan...
Michiaki: Preparing for the unexpected is your entire damn job, isn't it!? Enough excuses! Get out there and bring her back, even if it's the last thing you do!
Man: Y-Yes...!
Michiaki: What the hell is going on inside that organization of yours!?
JB: ...I sincerely apologize. We're currently bringing all of our available resources to bear.
Michiaki: Catch him or kill him. I don't care which, but get it done quickly! I want this taken care of before things get completely out of hand!
JB: ...I do have one question, if that would be all right.
Michiaki: And what would that be?
JB: Why aren't you notifying the police? This is a kidnapping. I'm sure a citizen of your stature has a few connections high in the ranks who would ensure the case is treated as a priority.
JB: If you want the matter settled swiftly and surely, compared to relying on private investigators and our organization, that seems a much more...
Michiaki: ...You're saying this knowing full well that it's impossible, aren't you?
JB: ...No, I genuinely don't understand.
Michiaki: ...This is a very important and delicate time for the company and myself. Any full-fledged police investigation would inevitably leak.
Michiaki: We might be able to get a media blackout in place, but the rumors would still spread... And that's simply not acceptable.
JB: ......
Michiaki: Going to the police isn't an option. Instead of lecturing me about things you don't understand, start looking for a way to resolve this matter as soon as humanly possible!
JB: But, sir...
Michiaki: In the first place, the man responsible for this is your subordinate, isn't he!? Stop trying to pass the buck! Get out there and clean up the mess you made!
JB: ...Very well. We will do our utmost.
Michiaki: ...I don't care how hard you try. All I want is results.
JB: ...Yes.
Narration: *Our very modest dinner for the day consists of the deep-fried food I brought home from work, with sides of boiled spinach and miso soup.*
Narration: *We do have some savings from my rainy-day fund, but we can't dip into it carelessly with such an uncertain future ahead of us. Our diet's gotten pretty plain as a result. Not that Yumiko's ever breathed a word of complaint.*
Narration: *Then again, she was always scarfing down junk food when we were in the dorm, so I guess she's not the pickiest of eaters.*
Yumiko: So this is fried squid...? It's my first time trying it.
Yuuji: ...I can tell.
Narration: *I do seem to remember Makina telling me something about Yumiko's calamari history, or lack thereof... but I have to say, this is the first time I've seen someone examine a piece of fried squid quite this intently.*
Yumiko: They all made fun of me in the dorm when I said I'd never had any...
Yuuji: Well, congratulations on losing your fried-squid virginity.
Yumiko: Oh, please. Don't start talking like Irisu-san now...
Narration: *After those words leave Yumiko's mouth, a slightly lonely expression flits across her face.*
Yumiko: I wonder if I'll ever get a chance to wear that uniform again...
Narration: *Since our arrival here, those flashy school uniforms have naturally remained shut up inside our dressers.*
Narration: *Unless we manage to get back to Mihama Academy someday, I suppose that's where they're going to stay.*
Yuuji: ...Do you want to?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...I suppose I do. Someone once said that uniform looked nice on me, after all...
Narration: *If I hadn't rescued Yumiko, she would've been shipped off to some school overseas.*
Narration: *Our old life would've disappeared whether I took action or not.*
Narration: *...There's nothing to regret.*
Yumiko: What's wrong, Kazami-kun...?
Yuuji: It's nothing...
Narration: *Although I'd made some preparations for an emergency beforehand, this escape plan was still extremely reckless and dangerous.*
Narration: *I acted boldly, assuming that the Sakaki family circumstances would prevent them from turning this into a manhunt. Still, depending on their approach to the situation, we might've ended up being caught within hours.*
Narration: *But I couldn't bring myself to just desert Yumiko, whatever the risks.*
Narration: *I couldn't just let her disappear and leave me with nothing but words of apology. I wanted to do something for her.*
Yuuji: (Then again... that probably wasn't the only reason.)
Narration: *I wanted to protect Yumiko― that was the single largest motive. But there was something else to it as well, something more selfish.*
Narration: *The women I get close to always seem to disappear.*
Narration: *At some point, I'd grown afraid of that chain of loss. Convinced myself it was a curse. A punishment of some sort.*
Narration: *The more I started to care about Yumiko, the more I wondered if she'd follow the same pattern. And then they tried to take her away from me...*
Yumiko: Kazami-kun... uhm...
Narration: *Yumiko tries to speak, her voice soft, but hesitates.*
Narration: *Reading the atmosphere, I answer before she can continue.*
Yuuji: ...Were you about to apologize again, Yumiko?
Yumiko: Wha... Er...
Narration: *Looks like I hit the bullseye. She lowers her eyes from mine awkwardly.*
Yuuji: Thought I told you to cut it out with that.
Yumiko: But... your life's been completely derailed because of me, and I'm still making you worry about...
Yuuji: Yumiko.
Narration: *I interrupt her halfway through a sentence with a slightly forcible tone.*
Yuuji: I decided to protect you, and you decided to come with me. There's nothing to be ashamed of and nothing to apologize for.
Yumiko: Kazami-kun...
Yuuji: Look, Yumiko... You're finally your own person now. So for the moment, why not think about yourself? I'd imagine you've got a pretty decent backlog to work through on that front.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Yes, you're right.
Narration: *Yumiko nods firmly.*
Narration: *...Probably came off as pretty pompous there, but those words were directed at myself as much as her.*
Narration: *What's driving me forward right now?*
Narration: *It's absolutely true that I want to protect Yumiko and do what's best for her. And underneath those clear feelings, there's a number of hazier emotions I don't quite understand myself.*
Narration: *When I took her out of that plane, I told her we'd "search" for an answer.*
Narration: *I thought it was the word Yumiko needed to hear most after all those years lost in the fog. But I'm starting to think that applies just as much to me.*
Yuuji: Here, Yumiko. Eat that one too.
Yumiko: Uh... r-right.
Narration: *I can't allow my uncertainty to make Yumiko uneasy as well.*
Narration: *For the moment, I'm going to try and keep the pensive reveries to a minimum.*
Date: *November 18, 2011, 09:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Narration: *The forecast called for rain, but instead we're greeted with a clear and beautiful morning.*
Narration: *...Not that the weather outside has too much effect on our current lifestyle. Especially in Yumiko's case.*
Yuuji: Are these all ones you've finished already?
Narration: *I gesture at a sizable pile of hardcover books sitting at Yumiko's bedside.*
Yumiko: Yes. I'm done with those, so if you don't want to read them, you can go ahead and return them.
Yuuji: Hm... uh, yeah, all right.
Yumiko: ...Is there something else you wanted to ask?
Yuuji: No, I was just trying to remember when they're due back at the library.
Yumiko: Oh...?
Narration: *Yumiko's currently a fugitive of sorts. Naturally, that restricts her freedom of movement.*
Narration: *She leaves the apartment mostly at night, when few pedestrians are around, and only when I've given her the all-clear. The vast majority of her time is spent indoors.*
Narration: *But of course, she'd go crazy just sitting around in here all day long, so I take periodic trips to the library to borrow her large quantities of books.*
Yuuji: Were these any good?
Yumiko: Yes. You chose well this time, Kazami-kun. They were all very interesting reads, so I haven't felt bored all week.
Narration: *It doesn't sound like Yumiko's saying that just for my sake. Probably her honest thoughts.*
Narration: *...That said, spending all this time alone must be a little rough emotionally.*
Narration: *Yumiko was on her own more often than not even when we were in the dorm, but she had a cell phone, easy access to the Internet, and above all else boisterous friends who kept things lively.*
Narration: *By comparison, she's only got one anti-social man for company in this cramped apartment, and he's not even around for most of the day. There aren't many chances for us to do much of anything together.*
Yuuji: (Got to start thinking about the next move pretty soon...)
Narration: *We can't keep up this lifestyle forever. A decisive solution's going to be necessary.*
Narration: *...Not that I really know what that would look like yet.*
Narration: *I suppose there's no choice but to cautiously observe the Sakaki family's movements and piece together a strategy...*
Yuuji: Hm...?
Narration: *The cell phone in my breast pocket buzzes quietly only once.*
Narration: *Ever since the "kidnapping," it hasn't been doing much of that.*
Narration: *There aren't many people who know the number. Most of them are back in the Mihama Academy dorm, and I told them in no uncertain terms not to call except in an outright emergency.*
Narration: *Under these circumstances, there's only one plausible reason my phone would ring.*
Yuuji: ...Figures.
Narration: *Glancing at the screen, I nod to myself and get to my feet.*
Yumiko: ...Are you going out?
Narration: *Yumiko doesn't know who it's from, or even that I received a message.*
Narration: *Probably a bit disconcerting to see me get up so suddenly for no apparent reason.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah, just for a while.
Yumiko: Okay...
Narration: *Even so, at times like these Yumiko never asks where I'm going or why.*
Narration: *I guess that means she trusts me, but there's still a clear shadow of unease on her face.*
Yuuji: I'll be back in an hour or so.
Narration: *Lightly patting her on the head, I try to offer a little reassurance.*
Narration: *She must understand rationally that I'll be back soon enough, but it's only natural to feel a little unsettled when your only connection to the outside world vanishes.*
Narration: *I casually descend the apartment stairs, then glance around the area as I head into an alley.*
Narration: *After two quick left turns, I clamber over a rusted old gas meter and make my way down a shadowy lane to a dead end.*
Narration: *This is a place I scouted out beforehand. It's a blind spot from pretty much any angle with very little risk of being overheard.*
Narration: *I lean against the far wall, take one last careful look around, then finally take out my phone.*
JB: ...Well? Anything new on your end?
Narration: *JB's voice hasn't changed much since our escape. Same businesslike tone as always.*
Narration: *There's an oddly upbeat song playing in the background, though. Sounds like she's got her mini component stereo on.*
Yuuji: We're not exactly thriving, but at least we have our health.
JB: You really sound like an old man sometimes. Hasn't anyone at your job said anything? "Talk like someone your age," maybe?
Yuuji: ...When did Ichigaya start investing in mind-reading research?
JB: ...No paranormal skills were needed for that one. In any case, it seems you're cheerful enough to make stupid jokes. Not bad by fugitive standards.
Narration: *JB intersperses her retorts with heavy, exasperated sighs.*
Narration: *This incident has, of course, been an enormous nuisance for her as my boss.*
Narration: *The case officer bears ultimate responsibility for their agents' actions. She's temporarily demoted until the matter's "resolved," and they went so far as to set up an internal investigation to determine if she was conspiring with me.*
Narration: *In the end they decided I acted alone and cleared JB's name, so now she's at least allowed to contact me. Of course, I'm still using my untraceable phone with its encrypted connection for these chats, and never give her anything to work with.*
Narration: *To be honest, a few hours of grovelling at her feet wouldn't really cut it at this point, but there's no point worrying about paying her back until I stop running up the tab.*
Yuuji: Yeah. I guess I'm starting to get the hang of this manual labor thing. Anyway, to what do I owe the pleasure?
JB: ...It's the usual: an attempt to talk you out of this. There's no point in dragging this out forever. You'd be wise to turn yourself in before things get rough.
Yuuji: A tempting suggestion, but unfortunately I'm otherwise engaged at the moment. Should've made your offer earlier.
JB: Oh, but it's never too late for a change, is it? I'll even take care of cancelling your other contract.
Yuuji: Sorry, but I'm not a big fan of changing horses midstream. Let's drop the subject, shall we?
JB: ...That reminds me, what about that cactus you left behind in your room? I'm thinking it might be getting a little worm-eaten right about now.
Yuuji: ......
JB: Hmm? What's wrong?
Yuuji: ...Nothing. Leave the cactus alone. I'm pretty sure it's insect-free.
JB: All right, if you say so. Give me a ring anytime if you happen to have a change of heart on the previous matter. Bye now.
Narration: *JB promptly hangs up on me in typically efficient style. I flip the cell phone shut.*
Yuuji: No movements at present, eh...
Narration: *The main meaning of that formulaic conversation lay in the music playing in the background. We have a simple system where the genre of song communicates some basic information.*
Narration: *Today, it was a bossa nova "Hawaiian beat" arrangement, meaning Ichigaya's search is continuing with no apparent progress. No imminent threats, but we can't let our guard down.*
Narration: *Now that her name's been cleared, she's probably no longer under surveillance, but JB's a straight-laced military type with a powerful respect for authority. She's not capable of casually leaking me detailed information.*
Narration: *...So instead, she gives me small hints using this sort of indirect method. I really am due for one hell of a marathon grovelling session when this is all over...*
Yuuji: ...Seriously though, JB, what kind of a question was that...?
Narration: *Her casual query about my "cactus" at the end there took me by surprise.*
Narration: *I've never owned such a plant in my life. It was a clear reference to the prickly individual currently sharing my room.*
Narration: *And as for "worm-eaten"... That should probably go without saying.*
Yuuji: ...Well, guess it wouldn't be too strange to interpret it that way.
Narration: *Whatever the circumstances may be, I'm a man and Yumiko's a woman.*
Narration: *We ran away hand in hand. We're living together. It's not hard to see why someone might imagine something along those lines.*
Narration: *...For a woman of JB's age and personality, it probably seems like the natural assumption to make.*
Narration: *Still, the fact of the matter is nothing's happened between us. It's questionable whether Yumiko's interested in being "eaten" by anyone, and more fundamentally, I don't have a clear sense of how she feels about me.*
Yuuji: At the very least, I think she trusts me...
Narration: *Thanks to JB's unnecessary prying, I've got a new question weighing slightly on my mind.*
Narration: *The room's silent except for the irregular clacking of our chopsticks.*
Narration: *Yumiko's never been the type to chatter on and on while she eats. In fact, she seems to make an effort to be as quiet as possible at the table. Probably has something to do with that "good breeding" of hers.*
Narration: *I tend not to talk too much during meals myself, but today my silence is deliberate.*
Narration: *In other words, instead of trying to make conversation, I'm focusing my thoughts on the matter from this afternoon.*
Yuuji: (...What exactly does Yumiko think of me...?)
Narration: *It's like something a middle schooler would be worrying about.*
Narration: *That said, considering our very intimate living circumstances, the presence or absence of romantic feelings is a serious matter.*
Narration: *If I jump to a mistaken conclusion, I could end up making Yumiko deeply uncomfortable in the one refuge she has left. I need to proceed very carefully.*
Yuuji: (...Still, guess it couldn't hurt to ask.)
Narration: *There's something I've been wondering about that seems tangentially related to the question at hand. Seems like a good place to begin.*
Yuuji: Hey, Yumiko...
Yumiko: ...Yes, Kazami-kun?
Yuuji: Why are you still using my last name...?
Narration: *Yumiko's chopsticks stop dead mid-air, her pupils shrinking suddenly inside wide-open eyes.*
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: Not a complicated question, right? Just wondering why you've never called me "Yuuji."
Narration: *I'm consistently using the intimate first name with Yumiko, but she's still going with "Kazami-kun."*
Narration: *Is that an implicit signal not to try and get any closer? Does it have some other meaning...?*
Narration: *Knowing that might give me an answer to the more sensitive question I've been pondering.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Unfortunately, Yumiko appears to have frozen solid.*
Narration: *For a good five seconds, she just stares at me. Finally, as if remembering to move, she begins to flop her mouth slightly open and closed like a goldfish.*
Yumiko: Uhm, well, it's just... I, uh...
Narration: *The words that finally emerge from her mouth are far from the conclusive reply I was hoping for.*
Yumiko: How can I... put this...? I'm not quite... ready for... No, well... uhm...
Narration: *Staring down at her omelet as she pokes at it with her chopsticks, she mumbles vague non-answers.*
Yumiko: B-But, uhm, why do you ask? That really came out of nowhere...
Narration: *Yumiko abruptly pivots to a question of her own in an attempt to regain control of the conversation.*
Narration: *...Being honest with her at this point would probably be a mistake.*
Yuuji: No reason in particular. Just a little curious.
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Yuuji: ...What's wrong? Were you expecting something else?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...No, not particularly. That's how it always is with you...
Narration: *Yumiko's slightly flushed face pulls back to its original distance, her expression changing to one of restrained anger.*
Narration: *The omelette she was fiddling with has been thoroughly dissected into a few miserable yellow chunks.*
Narration: *...And in the end, I didn't even get an answer to my question.*
Yuuji: (Hrrrrrm...)
Narration: *...That reaction was just too ambiguous.*
Narration: *From one angle, it looks like Yumiko's actively hiding romantic feelings for me. But you could also interpret it as an attempt to deflect my interest.*
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, I'm not the most perceptive man alive when it comes to these matters. Analyzing Yumiko's feelings based off that conversation is far beyond my meager capabilities.*
Narration: *Quietly slurping down my miso soup, I glance over at the young woman in question. She's still got an irritable expression on her face.*
Narration: *I don't quite understand the thought process, but if she's displeased with me for trying to upset the status quo, I guess she isn't interested for the moment.*
Narration: *That night, even after turning out the lights and slipping under my blanket, I couldn't manage to fall asleep.*
Narration: *Yumiko's sleeping at my side as always. But as I watch, her regular, peaceful breathing begins to change slightly.*
Yumiko: Uh... nngh... mnngh...
Narration: *Every once in a while, Yumiko grimaces and moans softly in her sleep.*
Narration: *Might be some sort of nightmare. Sometimes it sounds like she's trying to speak, although the words aren't intelligible.*
Yuuji: Don't worry, Yumiko...
Narration: *I gently touch her forehead, then stroke my hand up through her hair.*
Yumiko: Mm...
Narration: *Her expression seems to soften a little. Maybe the words brought her some relief.*
Narration: *My own feelings had been an open question to me for some time. But as I look down at Yumiko's face, I can feel something like an answer emerge.*
Narration: *The girl's definitely special to me. That vague desire to keep her safe has grown into something personal and affectionate.*
Narration: *But that doesn't mean I'm going to push her to return my feelings. Answering them or ignoring them is just one of the many freedoms Yumiko's finally managed to gain.*
Narration: *JB's malicious provocation nearly drove me astray, but originally I hadn't even considered the possibility of making a move.*
Yuuji: ...Still, who knows what might happen down the road...
Narration: *If the two of us stay together, I'll probably get an answer to these feelings eventually.*
Narration: *I want to put an end to this fugitive lifestyle as soon as possible, but there's no need for us to rush when it comes to figuring out our relationship.*
Narration: *We trust each other. That should be enough for now...*
Narration: *...But not long thereafter, events took an abrupt and somewhat unexpected turn.*
Narration: *Human beings don't act on the basis of reason alone. Soon, I would gain a new appreciation for that undeniable fact...*
Date: *November 19, 2011, 22:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Narration: *"Desires" are a natural part of life.*
Narration: *Putting aside the basic cravings for food, sleep, and excretion that help keep us alive, there's a whole range of secondary urges that are at least possible to endure. Sexual desire is often called the strongest among these.*
Narration: *As a fairly typical example of the male gender, I've got a fair amount of lust to go around myself. My previous employer actually went out of their way to provide us ways to scratch this particular itch.*
Narration: *However... when it comes to the female sex drive, my knowledge is somewhat spotty.*
Narration: *It's long been said that men and women experience the sexual urges that begin with puberty in very different ways―*
Narration: *And I've interacted with a number of females who seem, at a glance, completely lacking in such desires.*
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko would be one such case in point.*
Narration: *We've been living in one room for months now, spreading out our bedding only a few feet away from each other...*
Narration: *But nonetheless, she's given every indication of viewing me as part of the furniture rather than a member of the opposite sex.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *It had been a long day on the job. After dinner, I went to bed a little earlier than usual.*
Narration: *Yumiko didn't have anything in particular to do either, so she climbed in her futon at the same time and soon fell quietly asleep.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: (...Can't fall asleep tonight for some reason.)
Narration: *Although Yumiko's already breathing quietly a few feet away, it's proving very difficult to nod off myself. After a while I close my eyes and just pretend to sleep.*
Narration: *There wasn't really any thought behind that - it's pretty common for me to have trouble sleeping, and sometimes this helps. No reason to disturb Yumiko by tossing and turning around, either.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *But the young woman in question abruptly sits up, pulls back her blanket, and walks quickly off toward the bathroom.*
Narration: *Yumiko returns quietly to the bedroom only a minute or so later.*
Narration: *I lie quietly, wide awake, waiting for the sound of her slipping back into her futon...*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *...Which doesn't seem to be happening.*
Yuuji: (...What's this?)
Narration: *For some reason, Yumiko doesn't seem too eager to get back in bed.*
Narration: *I open one eye just a crack. She's standing expressionless in between our futons, staring fixedly down at me.*
Yumiko: He's sleeping... isn't he?
Narration: *After muttering a question to no one in particular, Yumiko quietly lowers herself to the ground next to me, her legs splaying out to one side.*
Yuuji: (...What's this girl thinking?)
Narration: *I decide to keep breathing softly and allow her to think I'm unconscious.*
Narration: *Hypothetically, if she viewed me as an enemy or bore some grudge, this could be interpreted as the preliminary stage of an assassination attempt.*
Narration: *I'm confident that's not the case right now. Yumiko definitely trusts me.*
Narration: *That said, we're talking about a woman who tried to slap me in the face the first day we met, and spent a good amount of time attempting to stab me. That's in the past now, but she's definitely prone to expressing herself in violent ways.*
Narration: *Just to be on the safe side, I focus my attention on Yumiko and wait alertly for her next movement.*
Narration: *...However.*
Narration: *What comes next takes me completely by surprise.*
Yumiko: ......!
Narration: *Yumiko swallows audibly, holds her breath...*
Narration: *And her right hand reaches out for, of all things, my groin.*
Yuuji: (What th... Seriously?)
Narration: *Although Yumiko's movements are somewhat hesitant, her hand presses against my boxers and fully envelops its target.*
Narration: *This was just too unexpected, and so...*
Yumiko: Kyaa...!
Yuuji: (Ah, shit...)
Narration: *I couldn't help but get a little hard in response.*
Narration: *Yumiko instantly pulls her hand back.*
Yumiko: It moved... even though he's asleep...
Narration: *Yumiko stares down at me in an expression of absolute shock.*
Narration: *I don't know what she was thinking, but if she's frightened enough to keep her hands to herself, that's fine by me.*
Narration: *With a silent word of thanks to my little friend for his convenient twitchiness, I close my eyes again. Hopefully I'll fall asleep soon and forget this whole awkward incident...*
Yumiko: ...*Gulp*
Yuuji: (...W-What, again...?)
Narration: *Once again, Yumiko gingerly reaches out.*
Narration: *This time she doesn't even flinch at my reaction. In fact, she begins to lightly sway her hand against my penis, encouraging it to move.*
Yuuji: (...What the hell is she thinking...!?)
Narration: *Considering how things have been until now, this is just incomprehensible.*
Narration: *I mean... if we were talking about, say, Amane...*
Narration: *"Heh heeeh... Look at Yuuji sleeping all peacefully. Brace yourself! Big sis is gonna give you the wettest dream of your life!"*
Narration: *...Would probably be the thought process, but right now we're talking about Yumiko.*
Narration: *It's hard to imagine she's got that sort of a sadistic streak. So why the hell is she molesting me?*
Yuuji: (Maybe she's just curious...?)
Narration: *After months of living together intimately with a member of the opposite gender, Yumiko's finally developed an interest in sex... but the subject's too awkward to discuss, so she decides to try some furtive exploration.*
Narration: *That's a fairly reasonable explanation. In fact, I almost hope it's true.*
Narration: *Considering how badly Yumiko's unhappy past has weighed her down, seeing her act so very... human... would be something to celebrate. A sign she's starting to break out of that defensive shell.*
Narration: *Even as I'm pondering these matters, the girl continues to manhandle my private parts in an increasingly ardent fashion.*
Yumiko: ...It's... so big...
Narration: *She quietly mutters a few words to herself.*
Narration: *...Suppose that more or less confirms I was on the right track about her motivations.*
Yumiko: Haa... haa...
Narration: *Yumiko's breathing is growing noticeably rough. Probably getting a little aroused herself.*
Yuuji: (...Well, guess there's no harm in letting her touch it until she gets bored...)
Narration: *Not like it costs me anything. Continuing to feign sleep, I allow Yumiko to do as she pleases.*
Narration: *The room's silent except for the rustling of my clothes and the steady ticking of the clock on the wall. Both seem oddly loud to my ears.*
Narration: *...How much time has passed, anyway?*
Yuuji: (......)
Yuuji: (...How long is it going to take for her to get tired of this...?)
Narration: *Yumiko hasn't stopped stroking my groin with her right hand.*
Narration: *What's more, her movements are gradually growing more intense, escalating into clear sexual caresses.*
Narration: *The initial tentative fumbling around was one thing, but when she rubs my penis this vigorously, it's pretty much impossible to ignore the growing stimulation.*
Yuuji: (Maybe she's going for an Amane-style plan after all...?)
Narration: *I open my eyes just a crack and glance in Yumiko's direction.*
Yuuji: (What th... Seriously, woman!?)
Narration: *And once again, I find myself mildly astonished.*
Yumiko: Haa... haa... nn, kuh... haa, haa...
Narration: *Yumiko's free hand has slid down into her own groin, where it's energetically squirming around inside her underwear.*
Yuuji: (This girl's... getting off to my cock!)
Narration: *I can't see too clearly in the dim room, but Yumiko's breathing has clearly gotten a lot more heated than before, and I can make out what looks like a passionate expression on her face.*
Yumiko: Nn... haah... right... there... haaah...
Narration: *Yumiko's soft hand gropes my genitals even more vigorously than before.*
Narration: *Her fingers gently play with my testicles as she rubs her palm up and down the shaft of my penis.*
Narration: *This is well beyond the level of a little curious exploration, but the girl seems too aroused to notice at the moment.*
Yuuji: (Hmm... this is a problem...)
Narration: *Yumiko's movements are downright clumsy compared to your average professional sex worker, but she makes up for it in passion and stubbornness.*
Narration: *I can feel the need to ejaculate swelling up steadily inside me. But since I'm supposed to be asleep, I can't very well shift my body to redistribute the stimulation.*
Narration: *While I'm sympathetic toward her sexual studies, it would be pretty pathetic to just sit here and let myself come into my underwear.*
Narration: *Guess I've got no choice but to call things to a halt somehow...*
Yumiko: Aaah... it's going... in... aaah... nnnmh...
Narration: *The girl's clearly forgotten herself in the pleasure. Her voice is growing louder and louder.*
Narration: *Yumiko presumably believes I'm asleep and oblivious, but keeping up that charade at this point might give her the wrong idea.*
Narration: *Normally speaking, anyone except the deepest of deep sleepers is going to wake up when someone's moaning loudly right next to their bed.*
Narration: *...All the more so when they're rubbing your groins this rapidly.*
Yumiko: Haah, kuh... mm, I'm gonna... come... mm, mmn...!
Narration: *...Feel bad about interrupting just as she's getting to the climax, but for her sake and mine, the girl needs to learn that she's playing with fire.*
Narration: *In order to defend my dignity, educate Yumiko, and protect the integrity of my boxers, I reluctantly take action.*
Yuuji: ...Cut it out...
Narration: *Grabbing Yumiko's right wrist, I forcibly stop her caresses just as I'm on the verge of coming.*
Yumiko: Hyaaaah!!!
Narration: *Yumiko flinches with shock, instantly halting her assault on my groin and her own masturbation session.*
Narration: *Her eyes open to perfect circles as it finally dawns on her that she's taken things too far. Her mouth's trembling uncontrollably. It's a pretty pitiful spectacle.*
Narration: *She looks down at me with an uncharacteristic expression of absolute cowed terror, waiting to see how I'll respond to discovering her perverted misdeed.*
Yuuji: Cut it out... Julia...
Yumiko: ...Huh...?
Narration: *Using every ounce of acting ability I possess, I continue mumbling in a "sleep-addled" voice.*
Yuuji: Seriously, Julia... Save it for when we're awake, all right...
Narration: *I repeat the name clearly, to make sure Yumiko catches it...*
Yuuji: ...Mn... *Zzz*...
Narration: *And then, suddenly releasing my grip on her hand, I fall back asleep. Or pretend to.*
Narration: *It was a pretty crappy performance by any standard, but...*
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Did I... get away with it...?
Yumiko: Yes, that's right... He clearly didn't think it was me...
Narration: *At the moment, it's much more convenient for Yumiko to believe that I was talking in my sleep, so she easily accepts the charade.*
Narration: *With a short sigh of profound relief, she rustles around and retrieves a tissue, then begins to gingerly wipe her groin.*
Narration: *It's obvious how shaken up she was by the experience. I can't help feeling a little guilty.*
Yuuji: (But still, I had no idea Yumiko was so interested in dicks...)
Narration: *Once again, I reflect on her sudden lapse of judgment.*
Narration: *Her previous circumstances were abnormal enough that it wasn't always obvious, but Yumiko has desires like anyone else. It's only natural she'd look for an outlet at times.*
Yuuji: (Guess it might be time to think about her needs as well...)
Narration: *I think this warrants a slight change in the status quo.*
Narration: *Tomorrow, I'll find the right moment and bring up the matter openly. No more indirect nosing around.*
Narration: *It's a rather... no, an extremely dangerous gamble, but I also stand to gain a clear answer to that unresolved question from a few days ago.*
Narration: *Of course, if there really were no romantic feelings involved, it's going to be a bit of a blow to my pride to know she sees me as nothing but a masturbatory aid...*
Yumiko: Haa...
Narration: *Apparently done wiping down her genitals, Yumiko lets out a sigh overflowing with ennui, then burrows back under the covers of her bed.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *But before too long, she once again flips back her blanket.*
Yuuji: (...What now...?)
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...The human body is such an unpleasant thing...
Narration: *And with these vaguely philosophical words of self-reproach,*
Narration: *Yumiko gets to her feet and walks back to the bathroom.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *She doesn't come back for some time.*
Narration: *...Guess I didn't give her the chance to finish before.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry, Yumiko. And while I'm at it... sorry, Julia.
Narration: *With a few words of apology to my roommate and the long-suffering superior I just slandered unjustly, I return once again to my feigned sleep...*
Date: *November 20, 2011, 08:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Narration: *The next morning.*
Narration: *I wake up as if nothing happened and prepare breakfast for myself and Yumiko.*
Narration: *I'm off from work today, so there's no real need to get up at the crack of dawn, but I decided it would be best to create an opportunity for the two of us to talk as quickly as possible.*
Yumiko: ...Good morning.
Yuuji: Hey.
Narration: *No doubt thanks to her long and draining night, Yumiko seems a little languid this morning.*
Narration: *She totters off drowsily toward the washroom and proceeds to splash water on her face for a while.*
Narration: *Seems perfectly at ease. Not a hint of tension in the air. In other words, she's convinced herself I'm unaware of the incident last night.*
Yuuji: ...Awfully carefree, aren't we?
Yumiko: Thank you for the food...
Yuuji: Let's eat.
Narration: *Just as always, Yumiko chews the salt-grilled salmon with small, quiet movements of her mouth.*
Narration: *Judging from her expression, she's completely off-guard. Not that she has any reason to expect what's coming.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: (...Should I really say it?)
Narration: *I'm still more than a little hesitant.*
Narration: *When a man and woman live together without a clearly defined relationship, it's only natural for tensions of a sexual nature to arise.*
Narration: *It'd be short-sighted to pretend last night never happened. I want to clear the air, and Yumiko's probably feeling some subtle awkwardness and guilt herself.*
Narration: *That said, the last thing I need is for this to turn into some overblown drama.*
Yuuji: (...All right. I think this calls for a very natural, casual approach.)
Narration: *I choose my words carefully, aiming to keep this a light breakfast-table chat...*
Yuuji: Hey, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Yes?
Narration: *As Yumiko casually sips her miso soup, I ask my question in the most nonchalant tone of voice I can muster.*
Yuuji: You touched my dick last night, didn't you?
Yumiko: Gublrgh!
Narration: *She promptly chokes on her soup and begins coughing violently.*
Yumiko: *H-Hack!* *Cough!* W-Where― *Cough* on earth― *Hack!* did that come from!?!
Yuuji: I was thinking this might go smoother if I brought it up casually during a meal, but... it seems that didn't work out so well.
Yumiko: Of course not!! A-Anyway, what's with that ridiculous accusation!? Are you mocking me!?
Narration: *Yumiko flat out denies the truth in a desperate attempt to retroactively undo her folly.*
Narration: *...This isn't good. She seems to be getting somewhat emotional.*
Narration: *But since I've broached the subject, I can't allow her to squirm out of the discussion.*
Narration: *Steeling my nerves, I push bluntly forward.*
Yuuji: Sorry, but I was awake the whole time.
Yumiko: Whuh, what are you talking about!? I did no such thing!
Yuuji: A little after eleven last night, wasn't it? Lasted about ten or fifteen minutes after you came back from the bathroom.
Yumiko: That's not... I, uh...!
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: Guh...
Narration: *Yumiko quickly falters under my skeptical gaze.*
Narration: *Pretty much as good as a confession.*
Yumiko: Y-Yes... maybe I did...
Narration: *And in a deeply mortified voice, she finally owns up to her misdeed.*
Yumiko: All right, maybe I did! B-But that was just because, err, you were sleeping without a blanket, so, uhm, I was worried, and, well...
Narration: *Completely flustered, she begins babbling incoherently.*
Narration: *I'm tempted to ask about the thought process that would lead from wholesome blanket-related concerns to groping someone's genitals, but this isn't the time to be mocking the girl.*
Narration: *I stare Yumiko straight in the eyes, then gravely lower my head in apology.*
Yuuji: ...My apologies for not realizing sooner.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: Yumiko... it's not an excuse, but I genuinely had no idea you were so sexually frustrated...
Yumiko: Whuh... Whaaaa!?!
Yuuji: I bought into the stereotypes about women having lower libidos. Convinced myself Amane was just an exception to the rule...
Yuuji: And all the while, you were suffering in silence from the lack of stimulation to your body...
Yumiko: H-Hold on! Stop, stop!
Narration: *Waving her arms about to signal a halt, Yumiko interrupts in an agitated tone of voice.*
Yumiko: ...Please don't tell me... you think I did that because I'm "sexually frustrated"...?
Yuuji: ...Well, from an objective point of view, I think it's the most plausible explanation...
Narration: *When someone who hasn't expressed any clear feelings for you suddenly makes that aggressive a move, I'm not sure what other conclusion there is to draw...*
Narration: *But as I'm reviewing my reasoning, Yumiko's expression grows increasingly sour.*
Yumiko: I knew it... I just knew it... You haven't "realized" anything at all...
Narration: *With a heavy sigh, she moves her shoulders up and down in an exaggerated shrug.*
Narration: *...In the next moment, Yumiko's body begins to tremble with something that seems suspiciously akin to rage.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, follow-up question. Was I just incredibly rude to you, by any chance?
Yumiko: Yes... you certainly were. I don't have it with me anymore, but... I'm about ready to whip out you-know-what for the first time in a while...
Narration: *Come to think of it, we left that box cutter of hers behind when we ran away.*
Narration: *...Since Yumiko remembered that thing, it's clear that she's abnormally furious.*
Narration: *And it's equally obvious where that anger's coming from...*
Yuuji: (...My cluelessness drove her straight into a corner...)
Narration: *I step toward Yumiko and wrap my arms around her without a word.*
Yumiko: Wha... Kazami... kun...!?
Yuuji: ...Sorry. My bad. Seriously.
Narration: *As I embrace her and apologize, she finally begins to settle down a little.*
Yuuji: I didn't bring this up because I wanted to mock you for having a healthy sex drive, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Really...?
Yuuji: ...I wasn't sure if you had feelings for me, so I honestly didn't know what to do. Until now.
Yumiko: ...Uhm, d-does that mean...
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *I've finally got my answer.*
Narration: *Yumiko's been hiding romantic feelings for me. I just wasn't observant enough to see them.*
Narration: *My well-intentioned "watch and wait" policy ended up driving her to this humiliating moment. I've disgraced myself as a man.*
Yuuji: Since I finally understand, there's no reason for me to keep hesitating.
Narration: *Pulling slightly away from Yumiko's body, I stare straight down into her face.*
Yuuji: Yumiko... I love you. I want to make you happy. I also want to sleep with you. In other words, let's have sex. Sound like a plan...?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Yumiko closes her eyes and lets her shoulders slump limply downward.*
Yumiko: Haaaaah...
Narration: *She heaves a long, long sigh, reminiscent of a balloon slowly deflating...*
Narration: **Smack**
Yuuji: Ow...
Narration: *And proceeds to slap me lightly on the cheek.*
Yumiko: Honestly... You're completely ridiculous...
Narration: *She's not crying or scowling, but there's a distinctly disgruntled expression on her face.*
Yumiko: First you barrage me with rude nonsense out of nowhere, and then all of a sudden it's "I love you, I want to sleep with you"... How do you not give yourself whiplash...?
Yuuji: My apologies.
Yumiko: ...You really don't play fair... You just sat there and did nothing, waiting for me to make the first move... Coward...
Yuuji: My sincerest apologies.
Yumiko: I swear...
Narration: *At last, a mildly exasperated smile spreads across Yumiko's face.*
Yumiko: You're the only thing I have left now...
Narration: *And she reaches out once more, this time to offer me her hand.*
Narration: *I take it and gently pull her body forward to lean against mine.*
Yumiko: It's all right with me. I don't know what I'm supposed to do, or how... but I'm willing. You can do anything you want to me, Kazami-kun...
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *I feel the weight once again.*
Narration: *Compared to when she's standing normally, holding Yumiko's slender body in my arms like this makes her seem extremely small.*
Narration: *But inside that body, she's carrying all the loneliness of her past and uncertainty of her present. The more I think about it, the more absurdly heavy she feels.*
Narration: *I'm ready for this. I wouldn't have been living with her in the first place if I wasn't.*
Narration: *Still, I'm crossing a very serious line here. All the more so given her situation.*
Yuuji: Okay then. Relax and leave everything to me.
Yumiko: All right...
Narration: *Yumiko answers my words with a small nod.*
Narration: *Her voice conveys simple, absolute trust.*
Narration: *That, too, adds to the weight on my shoulders.*
Yumiko: So then... what comes next...? I don't have to do anything...?
Narration: *She looks up at me, her expression growing a little anxious.*
Narration: *I'm sure she's already picked up a good idea of the process from the Internet and her filthy-minded friends.*
Narration: *But knowing and doing are two very different things, especially when it's your first time.*
Narration: *I can feel her trembling slightly inside my arms.*
Yuuji: Well, let's see...
Narration: *Looking around the room, I arrive at a few preliminary proposals.*
Yuuji: It's probably a little early to try exhibitionism. First of all, let's close the curtains.
Yumiko: Oh, uhm, y-yes, right...
Yuuji: Also, I've already bathed, but I expect you'll want to take a shower yourself.
Yumiko: Ah... yeah. O-Of course...
Yuuji: ...Then let's take care of those two steps first.
Yumiko: Sure! Right...!
Narration: *Yumiko hurriedly pulls away from me, then patters over toward the windows...*
Yumiko: Yowch!
Narration: *Halfway there, she trips on a floor cushion and falls spectacularly to the ground.*
Yuuji: ...You all right there, Yumiko?
Yumiko: I-I'm fine! Perfectly fine...!
Narration: *Yumiko quickly picks herself up and makes her way to the curtains, but her movements are jerky and awkward, reminiscent of a primitive robot.*
Narration: *Not sure if I've ever seen someone this blatantly nervous before...*
Narration: *At this rate, she's going to be stiff as a board with tension by the time we actually face off on top of the futon.*
Narration: *That might present some entertaining possibilities for teasing in its own right, but for Yumiko it would probably end up being a jumbled blur from start to finish.*
Yuuji: (...Let's see if I can come up with something to break the tension...)
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Uhm...
Yumiko: Would you mind if I asked you a question?
Yuuji: Feel free.
Yumiko: ...When I went into the bathroom just now, I'm fairly sure I brought a change of clothes with me.
Yuuji: Right.
Yumiko: As a matter of fact, I'm certain.
Yuuji: Yes, I'll back you up on that one. You brought yourself a change of clothes.
Yumiko: Then why were they gone when I came out? And why was my school uniform in their place!?
Yuuji: Because I switched your spare clothes with the uniform while you were in the shower.
Yumiko: ...Don't be so brazen about it...
Yuuji: Incidentally, as you can see, I've also changed into my uniform.
Yumiko: I didn't ask! I want to know WHY you did this!
Yuuji: Why did I do it? Simple, really.
Yumiko: ...Oh, it's simple? Then let's hear it.
Yuuji: A whim.
Yumiko: Wh... A whim...!? You...!
Yuuji: I mean, didn't you say you wanted to wear that uniform again just the other day?
Yumiko: M-Maybe so, but I didn't mean anything like this, obviously!
Yuuji: What's the big deal? Some people really get off on this sort of thing.
Yumiko: I know that! U-Uh, no! No, I don't! Just tell me why you went out of your way to do this!
Yuuji: Because you were ridiculously tense.
Yumiko: Wha...
Narration: *Apparently this reply takes Yumiko by surprise. Her rapidly moving mouth comes to a sudden halt.*
Yuuji: What, you expected me to just get right down to business? Do you have any idea how nervous you looked before you got into the shower?
Yumiko: T-That's not... I wasn't... nervous or anything...
Yuuji: ...Then why were you in there for an entire hour?
Yumiko: Ugh...
Yuuji: Let me guess. Got caught up thinking about all the stuff you've seen on the Internet, right? Wondering where I'd touch you first, what sort of things we'd be doing?
Yumiko: T-That's... not...
Narration: *She struggles unsuccessfully for a retort before falling silent. Guess I hit the bullseye.*
Yuuji: So anyway, I figured doing something stupid might help relieve a little of that tension.
Narration: *With these words, I quietly approach Yumiko and embrace her.*
Narration: *Her body seems much more relaxed than it was before.*
Yumiko: Well, yes, I suppose I'm less tense than I was before... but...
Yuuji: But...?
Narration: *Yumiko leans forward, resting her weight against me...*
Yumiko: The idea of doing this in uniform... is making me remember a lot of things I've seen... Now I'm just getting nervous in a different way...
Yuuji: ...Not to worry. That "nervousness" is going to be arousal soon enough.
Yumiko: ...Honestly... are you even listening to yourself...?

Yumiko: Uugh...
Narration: *The deed's been done. We've already changed our clothes. And Yumiko... keeps wandering restlessly around the room, groaning at no one in particular.*
Narration: *The girl's usual composure seems to have deserted her entirely.*
Yuuji: ...Look, can you try to calm down already? This isn't like you, Yumiko.
Yumiko: L-Leave me alone... You've seen plenty of things that "aren't like me" lately. It's a little late to...
Yumiko: ...Ah.
Yumiko: W-What on earth am I saying!? Uuugh...
Narration: *Having dug her own grave and then buried herself in it, Yumiko laments loudly.*
Narration: *It's a pretty charming spectacle, but at this rate I don't know if she'll ever get a hold of herself.*
Yuuji: All right, maybe this'll help you settle down a little?
Yumiko: Huh...? Ah, hyaaah...!
Narration: *Pulling Yumiko into my arms, I brush her hair back and press my lips against hers.*
Narration: *When I release my hold on her face, the girl blinks up at me for a moment, then abruptly grows bashful.*
Yumiko: N-Nooo...
Narration: *Blushing from ear to ear, Yumiko tries to hide her face behind one hand.*
Narration: *...I'm not exactly the world's foremost connoisseur of "cuteness," but this transformation is just too extreme. The sugar rush leaves me a little dizzy.*
Yumiko: ...I really... did it with you, didn't I...?
Narration: *Yumiko mumbles the words to herself as if she still isn't quite convinced they're true.*
Yuuji: I know, right? Pretty unbelievable, considering where we started out.
Narration: *At first, our communication was limited to slaps to the face and slashes with a blade. And before you know it we've ended up here.*
Narration: *I guess you could just shrug your shoulders and call it "fate." Chance and coincidence did play a large part.*
Narration: *Even so, I can't help feeling this all happened for a reason.*
Yuuji: Hey, Yumiko...
Yumiko: Huh? Wh-What now, Kazami-k... Kya!
Narration: *I hug Yumiko again, much more tightly than before, and stroke one hand slowly down through her long hair.*
Yuuji: ...Let me say it again. I'm going to keep you safe, no matter what. That's a promise.
Yumiko: Kazami... kun...
Yuuji: I'll be where you are, Yumiko. I won't leave you alone.
Narration: *Sakaki Yumiko was always on her own. Always isolated.*
Narration: *Gaining something new after all that time alone was bewildering. When the fog cleared and she realized what she wanted, it almost frightened her. She didn't know what to do.*
Narration: *...And that's why I need to make this crystal clear.*
Narration: *I'm right here. Not just to protect you, but to be with you.*
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ...Have anything to say to that?
Narration: *A slightly apologetic expression flits across Yumiko's face.*
Narration: *But as she looks up at me, it fades into a small smile.*
Yumiko: Yes. Thank you...
Yuuji: That's what I was hoping for.
Narration: *There's no need for apologies anymore.*
Narration: *The only thing Yumiko and I need to give each other now is gratitude.*
Yuuji: ...All right then. Now that we have that settled, let's fix that "Kazami-kun" of yours immediately.
Yumiko: Wha...?
Yuuji: You heard me. It'd be pretty damn weird to keep calling me by my last name at this point, don't you think?
Yumiko: D-Don't say that! This is too sudden... I need time to, uh, prepare myself...
Yuuji: And how long is that going to take?
Yumiko: Well, I, uh...
Narration: *Yumiko looks up at me with a hint of reproach in her eyes. But after a moment, she breathes in deeply, as if to steel herself―*
Yumiko: I-I understand. I'll use your name from now on...
Yuuji: Okay then, let's hear it.
Narration: *Once again, the girl takes a deep breath. This time she begins mumbling softly to herself like a nervous middle school student preparing to recite pi from memory.*
Narration: *And then, in a barely audible murmur...*
Yumiko: Y... Yuu...ji...
Narration: *The instant the word squeaks out of Yumiko's mouth, her face appears to burst into flame.*
Yumiko: I-I'm not used to calling you that, so... it's embarrassing, all right!?
Narration: *...This contrast is really something. I think I'm embarrassed by proxy.*
Narration: *In any case, all my points of concern regarding our relationship have now been decisively resolved.*
Narration: *We're still fugitives with an uncertain future, but somehow, I think I've gained a little peace of mind.*
Yumiko: Ah...!
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Narration: *All of a sudden, Yumiko seems to remember something. Her expression grows oddly serious―*
Yumiko: Didn't you say... you were awake the whole time last night...?
Yuuji: That's right. What, is there something else...?
Narration: *Before I can even finish the sentence, Yumiko's thin fingers dig into my arm in a vicious pinch.*
Yuuji: Ow...!!
Yumiko: ...Would you mind explaining the details of your history with Harudera-san...?
Yuuji: Say... what...!?
Yumiko: ...She's touched your groins, hasn't she? There's no way you just came up with that on the spur of the moment...!
Narration: *Yumiko's outburst of raw sexuality helped us understand each others' feelings. It was a truly fortunate event... in that respect.*
Narration: *But from that day on, I found myself sitting on my heels in penance every afternoon, enduring interrogations into my previous romantic career.*

Date: *February 18, 2012, 11:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Employee: ...This concludes the reports from all the detective agencies and investigation firms currently in our employ.
Employee: The sphere of investigation has now spread from Kanto and Toukai to include the Kinki region, but as of yet they haven't found anything that would qualify as a definite clue.
Michiaki: ......
Employee: I'm presently in the process of contacting all parties involved and instructing them to redouble their efforts. Would you like to add anything...?
Michiaki: ...Axe them.
Employee: ...What?
Michiaki: I have no need for incompetents who can't find a single lead after months of trying. Show them the door.
Michiaki: I don't care how much money it takes, so this time get me someone who knows what they're doing. I want those two found, you understand me!?
Employee: Y-Yes... Please excuse me...!
Michiaki: ...Hmph.
Michiaki: ...Been half a year now, hasn't it? I suppose it's hardly worth asking, but has your investigation made any progress?
JB: ...No. I'm very sorry to say we haven't found any real clues...
Michiaki: ...Pretty pathetic to have your own pet dog give you the slip. He's disappeared so completely that I'm almost tempted to conclude you people might be guiding him behind the scenes.
JB: President Sakaki, we've already carried out―
Michiaki: A thorough internal investigation that has cleared you of all suspicion. Yes, I suppose we have little choice but to trust that evaluation.
JB: ......
Michiaki: ...Was there anything else?
JB: ...We've confirmed that Kazami Yuuji and Yumiko-san have destroyed their personal cell phones.
JB: Hypothetically, if they were to make contact with you, it would likely be through a public telephone. Should you receive any suspicious calls...
Michiaki: ...This is from the Oosaka branch office. Excuse me a moment.
Michiaki: I'm in the middle of something, save it for... What was that? You think "it wasn't possible" is an option!? Kneel down in front of the man's house! I don't care what you have to do, get me a clear commitment!
Michiaki: The entire structure is going to crumble unless we get that crafty old bastard on our side! Use the money and use your damn brain! Why do you think I handed you that wallet!? Get a move on!
Michiaki: ......
JB: ...Please be on the lookout for any attempt at contact. Well then, I suppose I'll be on my way.
Michiaki: ...Is there something else you'd like to say?
JB: No, nothing at all...
Michiaki: For some reason, as we get closer to the general meeting there's been a good deal of suspicious movement in my vicinity...
JB: ......
Michiaki: There's no point scuttling around behind the scenes, you know? We're not idiots over here. I'll know immediately if you try anything.
JB: I'm sorry, but what exactly are you referring to?
Michiaki: Hmph. Very well, feel free to play dumb. Just keep in mind that we'll respond in kind to any obvious meddling.
JB: Please excuse me.
Michiaki: ......
Michiaki: ...No one's going to take this away from me. No one...
Yuuji: ...Not sure how many times I need to say this before you get the message. I'm not planning to give myself up.
JB: I see. That's unfortunate...
Narration: *Once again, JB and I engage in our regularly scheduled, rigidly formulaic "conversation."*
Narration: *She has classical playing in the background today. The volume seems just slightly louder than usual.*
Narration: *There's no immediate danger approaching, but a good deal of caution is warranted. A comparatively calm state of affairs.*
Narration: *...Well, it's never wise to feel completely "at ease" when you're on the run, but the lack of urgent problems does soften the psychological pressure a bit.*
JB: So how're you doing out there? Eating proper meals? You are taking care of yourself, right?
Yuuji: Yeah, no problems worth mentioning.
Narration: *Sounds like a conversation between a college student in the big city and his anxious helicopter mom...*
Narration: *Then again, I guess I'm something of a pseudo-son to JB, so there's nothing inherently strange about her worrying about me. It's just more than a little comical under the circumstances.*
Narration: *Of course, it's also a necessary part of our carefully choreographed give and take of information, but still...*
Yuuji: ...That reminds me. I've got something to report, JB.
JB: Oh? And what would that be...?
Yuuji: I bought another cactus for my room over here, but a worm got at it right away. Got a little worried there for a while... Seems like they're actually capable of coexisting, though.
JB: ......
Yuuji: ...Something wrong?
JB: ...I see. Well, that's nice. I think it's only natural.
Yuuji: ...Yeah.
Narration: *I borrow JB's metaphor to inform her of recent developments. Not really the sort of thing I need to go out of my way to report, but there's no reason to hide it either.*
Narration: *Even now, the cactus in question is no doubt waiting eagerly for the return of its worm.*
JB: Yuuji, one more thing before you hang up, if that's all right.
Yuuji: Yeah? What?
JB: Coexistence is a lovely thing... Just be careful about those spines. The cactus may not intend any harm, but don't forget it's a thorny, twisted little thing by nature.
Yuuji: ...That's some way to talk about the poor plant.
JB: A little bluntness is called for under the circumstances. I doubt you've forgotten, but you're a fugitive. Try to keep that in mind... Goodbye.
Yuuji: ...I'm aware, thanks...
Narration: *The two of us have connected in the midst of a strange and unstable situation.*
Narration: *It's going to be very difficult to maintain this peaceful balance for much longer.*
Narration: *But for the moment, for Yumiko's sake and mine, I don't want her to be too conscious of that.*
Narration: *Change is constant and ever-present.*
Narration: *Time moves us forward whether we like it or not. We bump into other people, unpredictable external factors that knock us off course. Our thoughts, our environment, our place in the world, even our ideology - everything shifts.*
Narration: *And even in a world that's defined by change, human relationships are about as astonishingly volatile as it gets.*
Narration: *We go from life to death, family to strangers, strangers to family. We meet and part, make allies and enemies, crown winners and mark losers. Some gain independence while others sink into servitude. Some submit and some rebel.*
Narration: *Good will can change to hatred in the blink of an eye, and hatred to good will.*
Narration: *Sometimes people fight their "best friends" to the death in the struggle for power. Sometimes people sell their family for trivial sums of money.*
Narration: *Sometimes, the subordinate who'd been treated like a dog launches a coup d'etat. Sometimes the dictator finds himself groveling like a worm before his old throne. I've seen it all.*
Narration: *In the scope of things, the case of Kazami Yuuji and Sakaki Yumiko isn't anything out of the ordinary, but the last few months have certainly been full of changes.*
Narration: *We started off as strangers. Then mortal (?) enemies. Wary dormmates. The daughter of a client and the representative of a certain "company." A guard and his principal. Co-conspirators and fugitives.*
Narration: *―And now, a man and a woman.*
Narration: *It was a pretty tangled road that brought us here. As for where it'll lead us next... Who the hell knows?*
Narration: *Certainly not the two people travelling it together.*
Date: *May 19, 2012, 11:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Narration: *As I've grown more comfortable in my job, free time's actually gotten harder to come by.*
Narration: *I'd been attempting to do my work quietly and keep my head down, but it seems that's a rare trait among "youngsters these days," earning me unintended recognition from my superiors―*
Narration: *And I ended up being promoted to the supervisor of a small work team with five to six men.*
Narration: *Normally this would be something worth celebrating, but right now the goal is not to stand out - even in good ways.*
Narration: *We may have to consider moving to a different location if I start getting ahead in life despite myself.*
Narration: *My few days off are often spent on chores and housework.*
Narration: *It's mainly cleaning and washing, stockpiling basic preservable food, and investigating the area as a precaution for the worst-case scenario. Lots of housewife-style labor, except for that last one.*
Narration: *Yumiko helps out as well, of course... but the girl had a pretty sheltered upbringing, and I'm getting the idea she isn't naturally dexterous. Even pretty simple jobs tend to give her some trouble.*
Narration: *In any case, we began our work early in the morning today according to routine, and it's roughly two in the afternoon by the time we're finished.*
Yuuji: ...Yumiko.
Yumiko: What?
Yuuji: Is that book really that interesting?
Narration: *Having wrapped up my work for the day, I inquire about the novel Yumiko's been reading intently.*
Yumiko: Well, what about that map of yours? You've been rather engrossed in it yourself.
Yuuji: I think the reason for that should be pretty obvious.
Yumiko: ...Yes, I suppose.
Narration: *I'm going over our potential escape routes in case of emergency.*
Narration: *Hard to say how practically useful repeatedly reviewing this will prove, but it's got to be better than doing nothing at all.*
Narration: *Currently, we've nestled ourselves down in the home turf of the West Tsutomu Railway Company, a bitter enemy of the East Beach Group since the pre-war era.*
Narration: *It's safe to say Sakaki Michiaki won't be openly looking for cooperation in resolving his "family squabble." He's not eager to show corporate rivals any sign of weakness; East Beach will tread lightly around here.*
Narration: *This low-lying area of eastern Tokyo is particularly dense and tangled, and we're keeping a very low profile. I doubt private detectives will be able to track us down that easily.*
Narration: *...But since this location's ideal, it might stand out as a possibility to a competent investigator. Tracing a number of lines along our escape routes, I picture the movements of enemies who haven't yet materialized.*
Yumiko: Well, I'm just flipping through this to kill time. I don't find it particularly engaging.
Yuuji: That so? Thought I saw you smiling a little, though...
Yumiko: Couldn't help it... The "mystery" was just too ridiculous. I knew the criminal from the moment they appeared.
Yuuji: That's impressive.
Narration: *I'm not under the illusion that I completely understand Yumiko just because we've slept together, but I didn't think her instincts were that good.*
Yumiko: Would you like to read it as well?
Yuuji: You just said it was ridiculous, didn't you? Or is the book more suitable for general audiences?
Yumiko: ...I'm not sure why you've decided I'm outside that category, but it's a very well-constructed novel. It's just that... if I'd spent money to purchase it, I probably would've hurled it at a wall by now.
Yuuji: What're you talking about?
Narration: *Instead of a response, she silently pushes the open book out in front of my face.*
Yumiko: There's a very neat line under the name of a character who's just made their entrance. It leads to a note reading "Criminal."
Narration: *Guess that's how it goes with library books sometimes. Still, what a nasty little prank to pull...*
Yuuji: Sorry about that.
Yumiko: It's hardly anything for you to apologize for, is it?
Yuuji: I should've flipped through it first, but the book had a pretty good reputation, so I figured it'd be all right. I won't make the same mistake again. Promise.
Narration: *Reading's virtually the only entertainment available to Yumiko under our current circumstances. I feel genuinely bad about letting someone ruin it for her like this.*
Yumiko: Hmmmmm...
Yuuji: What? Something to say?
Yumiko: So you were actually looking into the reputation and all that...
Yuuji: Yeah, for what it's worth. Might as well read something decent if you're going to read, right?
Yumiko: ...If only you were so considerate about other things.
Yuuji: Hrm? Like what?
Yumiko: Oh, never mind...
Narration: *Curtly deflecting the question, Yumiko again returns her focus to the novel.*
Yuuji: ...Yumiko.
Yumiko: What?
Yuuji: You sure you're not enjoying that book?
Yumiko: Why do you keep asking?
Yuuji: No reason.
Narration: *Well... honestly, it's because she seems to be in a good mood for some reason.*
Yuuji: Maybe that note was actually a prank or red herring, and you just hit some clever twist in the plot you never saw coming?
Yumiko: Oh, please. My review would begin with a yawn. Followed by a sigh.
Yuuji: Thought you said it wasn't bad?
Yumiko: Well, this is my second time through it.
Yuuji: ...Not much point hunting for foreshadowing, then...
Narration: *In that case, what's she enjoying so much?*
Narration: *I don't get it at all.*
Yuuji: While we're talking, mind if I make one small observation?
Yumiko: What is it now?
Yuuji: Wasn't sure whether I should mention this, but... you're weighing me down, Yumiko. In a physical sense.
Narration: *Yumiko's been using my lap as her reading chair for some time now.*
Narration: *I'm not just talking about today, either.*
Narration: *Ever since our physical relationship began, she's made a habit of unceremoniously plopping herself down on top of me to read her books, not bothering to ask for permission first.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, I suppose this would be the only thing that's really changed about our daily routine after we made love.*
Narration: *Yumiko wasn't quite satisfied with the explanation I offered regarding my romantic history, so I've been quietly letting her do as she pleases, but this seemed like a good opportunity to finally say something.*
Yumiko: Put up with it.
Yuuji: All right.
Narration: *With this brief reply, my objection is completely eliminated.*
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ...Hey.
Yuuji: Yeah?
Yumiko: ...Is it a bother after all?
Yuuji: Is what a bother?
Yumiko: That I'm... doing this.
Yuuji: Hm...?
Narration: *But only a few moments later, Yumiko's haughty expression gives way to something a great deal more uneasy.*
Yuuji: No, doesn't really bother me.
Yumiko: But you just said I'm heavy, didn't you?
Yuuji: I was thinking it might be a good opportunity to ask why you're always sitting on me. Come to think of it... I guess it actually feels a little pleasant, if anything.
Yumiko: Really?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Yumiko: Really really...?
Yuuji: Yes, really.
Narration: *This childish line of questioning prompts a sudden realization.*
Yuuji: I thought you'd been laying on the overbearing attitude a little thick lately... Maybe you were just trying to hide your embarrassment?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *The girl doesn't respond...*
Narration: *But her face makes me think I might have hit the bullseye.*
Narration: *So then... Yumiko's been bluffing all this time. Acting confident to cover up her timidity, watching my reactions out of the corner of her eye... secretly swinging back and forth between happiness and fear...*
Yumiko: Kya!
Narration: *By the time my thoughts get this far, I'm already petting Yumiko's head.*
Yuuji: Sorry about that.
Narration: *Determined to give the charming little coward some reassurance, I ignore her abashed expression and repeat the motion.*
Yumiko: ...Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...Whoa.
Yumiko: What's wrong?
Yuuji: ...Well, that's the first time you've called me that in a while.
Narration: *That day, I made one request of Yumiko.*
Narration: *She'd become an irreplaceable individual to me, so I asked her to use my name just as I use hers.*
Narration: *Yumiko hasn't called me "Kazami-kun" since then. But I guess the alternative still felt a little awkward - she's mostly dodged the issue by using pronouns.*
Narration: *I wasn't really upset or anything, but I have to admit it made me feel a little lonesome at times.*
Yumiko: So you actually noticed...
Yuuji: Was it deliberate?
Yumiko: Well, I mean... you might've just gotten carried away back then. I was afraid you'd grimace at me if I tried it after things were back to normal...
Yuuji: You really think I'd do something that cruel?
Yumiko: You didn't have any problems talking about other women in front of me...
Yuuji: My apologies. You're right. I'm a heartless monster.
Narration: *Can't believe I didn't even notice how much all this was bothering her.*
Narration: *In retrospect, maybe JB was somewhat justified in referring to me as a "menace to all womankind."*
Yumiko: You haven't slept with me since then, either.
Yuuji: Well, that was just... You're still a beginner, so I was trying not to be too pushy.
Yumiko: Then why haven't you even kissed me?
Yuuji: Because I wouldn't be able to stop myself.
Yumiko: ...Fine by me.
Yuuji: What?
Yumiko: Your concern isn't necessary. I do more than enough pointless worrying for the both of us, thank you very much.
Yuuji: You're one high-handed woman...
Yumiko: I don't deny it.
Narration: *She lets the words fly carelessly.*
Narration: *The cool-headed Yumiko I used to know is still there, but with these hints of anxiety and flashes of newfound boldness in the mix... Somehow or other, she's turning into an undeniably "cute" woman.*
Yuuji: So in other words, you're up for it?
Yumiko: No. Don't touch me. I'll never forgive you.
Yuuji: What, no good after all?
Yumiko: Control yourself until tonight. It's still mid-afternoon.
Yuuji: Why do we have to wait until night?
Yumiko: If we start doing it in the middle of the day... I won't be able to control myself either.
Yuuji: I fail to see why that's a problem.
Yumiko: I want to take a bath first.
Yuuji: A bath, is it?
Narration: *We have to economize on the water bills as well, so we've restricted ourselves to a single bath at night each.*
Narration: *Normally I'd just tell her to get in right now, but under the current circumstances it's a legitimate reason for the delay.*
Yumiko: When I sleep with you, Yuuji, I'd like to be convinced that I'm at my best.
Narration: *Maybe because of all the reading she's been doing lately, Yumiko phrases this in an oddly poetic way.*
Narration: *...Well, it's definitely an in-character sort of thought either way.*
Yuuji: You're still the same old Yumiko at heart, aren't you?
Yumiko: Yes, that's right. I'm pointlessly proud as always. Do you have any complaints?
Yuuji: Nope...
Narration: *A wry smile spreads across my face. Suppose I'll have to respect Yumiko's wishes on this one.*
Yuuji: All right then, tonight it is.
Narration: *And once again, we fall silent and return to our idle reading time.*
Narration: *Or such was the plan...*
Yumiko: What's with you?
Yuuji: Not sure what you're talking about.
Yumiko: Is that map really so interesting?
Yuuji: Of course not. It's just a map.
Yumiko: So I assume, but it looked like you were smiling a little.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *...I see.*
Narration: *Suddenly, I understand why Yumiko's been in such a good mood all this time.*
Yuuji: That's got nothing to do with the map. It's a natural side effect of having you next to me.
Yumiko: ...I see. That's a coincidence... I've been suffering from similar symptoms.
Yuuji: ...Heh...
Yumiko: Heheh...
Narration: *It's not easy to put in words, but right now I feel... fulfilled.*
Narration: *Every day's happy enough that I half expect things to fall apart catastrophically at any moment. Just as JB keeps warning they might.*
Narration: *But for now, so long as the situation remains stable, I want to try and enjoy our time together... for Yumiko's sake as well as mine.*
Narration: *She's never had much in the way of ordinary happiness. Surely God won't mind her indulging in a little sweetness, now that she finally has the chance...*
Narration: *With that "argument" as a shield, I try my best to erase the ever-present trickle of anxiety from my mind.*

Yuuji: ...Sorry about that.
Narration: *In the drowsy, peaceful time after we've finished making love, I quietly apologize.*
Narration: *Yumiko stirs slightly against my arm, currently serving as her pillow.*
Yumiko: About what?
Yuuji: Seems I'm pretty dense when it comes to the subtleties. It's always been a weakness of mine, but I ended up making you anxious over nothing.
Yumiko: ...It's all right, I'm aware. I wasn't expecting much from you in the first place.
Yuuji: I see.
Yumiko: Don't get too relieved... Deep down, I was still hoping for more.
Yuuji: Right, right...
Narration: *Yumiko's real thoughts leak out in a cute little mutter. I have to stifle a wry laugh.*
Yumiko: I mean... this was the first real day off we had together since this relationship started, you know?
Yuuji: Is that right?
Yumiko: Yes, it is. You have no idea just how nervous I've been since yesterday, do you?
Yuuji: I've got a lot of things to apologize for...
Yumiko: No. You can keep those to yourself.
Yuuji: Oh? Why?
Yumiko: ...Because I'm the one who should really be apologizing...
Narration: *The words slip quietly from Yumiko's mouth.*
Narration: *I don't know what exactly she's remembering right now, but still...*
Yuuji: You don't have a thing to be sorry for, Yumiko. As I think I've said once or twice already.
Yumiko: ...Yes.
Yuuji: Not a single thing. We're both here because we chose to be.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Am I wrong?
Yumiko: No...
Narration: *Yumiko nods lightly―*
Yumiko: Thank you.
Yuuji: That's better. Apologizing doesn't suit you, Yumiko. Gratitude works much better. And venomous insults best of all.
Yumiko: You could've skipped that last part...
Yuuji: Just a joke.
Yumiko: With a sense of humor like that, maybe you shouldn't be criticizing me. Your banter is lethally terrible.
Yuuji: My apologies.
Yumiko: ...Also, I really wish you wouldn't tease me ruthlessly at every opportunity...
Yuuji: Sorry. Can't help myself.
Narration: *Before this troubling line of conversation can go any further, I abruptly change the topic.*
Yuuji: Hey, Yumiko... there some place you want to go?
Yumiko: Huh?
Yuuji: Now that I think about it, we haven't really gone out together yet. I mean, it's probably going to be a little difficult while we're living like this, but I'd still like to know...
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Something wrong?
Yumiko: ...You really have to know? No matter what?
Narration: *Her voice is bashful, but also oddly reproachful.*
Yuuji: What's the problem?
Yumiko: ...Promise you won't laugh?
Yuuji: Uh, is it that ridiculous a place?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Yumiko pushes herself up of the futon, and...*
Yuuji: ...There some reason you're wringing my neck?
Narration: *Well, it's not like she's really strangling me. Yet.*
Narration: *Yumiko's fingers are twined gingerly around my neck in a somewhat menacing fashion, that's all.*
Yumiko: I think you know the answer to that question.
Yuuji: Come on, don't you trust me at all?
Yumiko: Not when it comes to your sense of humor.
Yuuji: Don't look so concerned. I'm not going to mock you for being a little embarrassed. Come on, where do you want to go? Let's hear it.
Yumiko: ......rk.
Yuuji: Hm?
Yumiko: An amusement park.
Yuuji: Wahahahahahahaha... Guh!?
Yumiko: You're dead! I'm going to kill you!
Narration: *Even in the dark room, I can clearly see Yumiko's face go bright red. Her eyebrows arch violently as her eyes fill with tears. Also, she's strangling me. On the whole, I'm getting the impression she might be slightly upset. Ouch.*
Yuuji: Come on, the idea of you in an amusement park is just... O-Ow!
Yumiko: Yes, I know! Pathetic, isn't it!? It must sound like a woman starved for familial love playing up how pitiful she is!
Yumiko: But I can't help it, all right? I want to go! I've never been to one!
Yumiko: I've never been... not even once...
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Narration: *I recall the story she told me under the bridge that rainy summer evening.*
Narration: *For years, she clung desperately to her quote-unquote "family," only to be betrayed again and again.*
Narration: *In the end the girl gave up on all her hopes. She armed her body and mind with blades against a hostile world.*
Narration: *But right now, Yumiko's found someone she can believe in. Or at least... she's trying very hard to convince herself she has.*
Narration: *And what she wants most from that person - from me - is exactly what her family couldn't give her.*
Narration: *...Laughing at that was a bit much, even as a joke.*
Yuuji: Yeah, all right.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: Let's go to an amusement park.
Yumiko: Really...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Don't know when we'll be able to pull it off, but I'll make it happen.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: That's a promise as well.
Yumiko: Yuuji!
Yuuji: Hey, how about a little warning before you jump all over me?
Narration: *Yumiko throws herself against me like an excited child.*
Yumiko: I'm sorry for strangling you...
Yuuji: Not a problem. I had it down as Yumiko-style cuddling.
Yumiko: *Smack*...
Yuuji: O-Okay, do me a favor and stop licking my neck.
Yumiko: I thought I'd kiss it and make it better... nn, nnnh... *Smack*...
Narration: *I take it back. It might've started off as child's play, but things quickly take a turn for the sexual.*
Yumiko: Nn, nnfh... Yuujiii...
Yuuji: Cut it out... I know we just went a couple rounds, but if you keep this up I'm going to get hard again...
Yumiko: *Smack*... Honestly, do I really need to spell everything out for you?
Yuuji: What?
Yumiko: I want you, Yuuji.
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: Come here... Or maybe you don't like me when I'm pushy?
Yuuji: I'll make you regret tempting me.
Yumiko: Ah, no... slow down...
Yumiko: Aah... ahaah... Yuuji...
Narration: *Two people who had always been alone slowly moved closer to each other, seeking out something they'd been missing.*
Narration: *It was a very happy time.*
Narration: *...But even so, the stress of a life constantly one misstep from disaster would gradually take its toll.*
Narration: *And Yumiko and I were too distracted by those intoxicating moments of happiness to notice it creeping up on us...*
Date: *August 27, 2012, 17:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Narration: *―I don't know what time it is, and I don't really care. More accurately, I don't have the energy to care.*
Narration: *I smash asphalt and cart off the rubble like some sort of convict. I carry earth and sand around like a mindless machine. And at the end of the day, I'm paid chicken feed.*
Narration: *Since that became my daily routine, these moments of temporal disorientation have gotten pretty common. Never happened to me before.*
Narration: *There was usually a very precise schedule to follow at my old job, so I've always been alert to the passing of time. I was genuinely surprised to see that part of me change. Living in an unfamiliar world really is exhausting...*
Narration: *Maybe it's because I was musing about these things.*
Yuuji: ...Damn. I forgot to buy ingredients for dinner.
Yumiko: Huh?
Yuuji: I knew I had to pick something up right until I actually got to the shopping street, but...
Narration: *The mental note I made to myself after checking the fridge this morning just fell right out of my mind at some point.*
Narration: *Of course, the instant I got home and saw Yumiko's face, it popped right back into my head.*
Yuuji: I'll go back and pick something up right away.
Yumiko: You don't have to do that. You're tired, right?
Yuuji: I won't deny it, but my condition doesn't necessarily have any bearing on the situation. I've been trained to use my judgment to produce optimal results under any given set of circumstances.
Yumiko: ...Can you rephrase that a little more concisely?
Yuuji: I'm hungry, but there's nothing to eat. Therefore, I'm going shopping.
Yumiko: ...I'll go.
Yuuji: You, Yumiko?
Yumiko: ...What's with the dubious "Can you really handle that?" expression?
Yuuji: Well... can you?
Narration: *There's a great deal about this idea that makes me nervous.*
Yumiko: You're too soft on a woman who can't even do housework properly, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Putting my supposed "softness" aside for the moment, stop insulting the woman I love.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: What's wrong? Your face is red.
Yumiko: Y-You think I'm stupid enough to be thrown off by your shallow sweet-talk!? N-Nice try, but you're not fooling me!
Yuuji: I wasn't really trying to "fool" you, but... can you at least decide if you're happy or angry?
Narration: *When you snarl at me with a mushy expression on your face, it's hard to know how to react.*
Yumiko: In any case, it's just a shopping trip. Even a child can handle that.
Yuuji: Depends on how they've been raised. Look, Yumiko, I'm not saying you can't handle it... I just don't want to force you to do things you might not be cut out for.
Yumiko: Telling a woman's she not "cut out for" household chores is one step below a death sentence. Flexible gender roles are all well and good, but that's just the way of the world. I'm a little hurt.
Yuuji: That's not what I meant. I'm sure you could pick up housework if you put your mind to it, Yumiko. Just feels like you're rushing things. Why not get used to it little by little?
Yumiko: You're saying I can't manage a single shopping trip as I am now?
Yuuji: Interacting with strangers isn't exactly your strong point. Remember the time you stood frozen for thirty minutes trying to pick out a single crepe?
Narration: *After wavering indecisively over what to buy, the girl got so self-conscious that she couldn't even flee. Never seen anything like it.*
Narration: *I mean, I doubt it's always that bad, but seriously... how can you not be a little uneasy about this?*
Narration: *...Then again, maybe that's part of reason Yumiko wants to do this so badly. It's a chance to overcome one of her weaknesses.*
Yuuji: All right, all right... In that case, at least let me come along.
Yumiko: That's not necessary. Also, it would completely defeat the purpose of me doing it.
Yuuji: Yeah, but...
Yumiko: You are tired, aren't you?
Yuuji: ...Don't worry about it. It's not severe enough to be a problem.
Yumiko: I'll be the one to decide that, thank you very much.
Yuuji: ...Uh, I think I want to call the shots when it comes to my own body, at least.
Yumiko: ......You?
Yuuji: ...What? I didn't catch that.
Yumiko: Am I not allowed to worry about you, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Hm...
Narration: *Yumiko looks up at me with a suddenly sulky expression. A stab of guilt runs through me.*
Narration: *...If the girl's doing this deliberately, she's a frighteningly good manipulator.*
Narration: *But of course, I'm perfectly aware Yumiko's not capable of such skillful self-control.*
Yumiko: Well? Do you want me to mind my own business? Is that it? Am I smothering you?
Yuuji: ...No. I'm happy that you're worried about me.
Yumiko: So what, then? You can't trust me?
Yuuji: There's no one alive I trust as much as you, Yumiko. It's true.
Yumiko: ...So there's someone who isn't alive...?
Yuuji: Okay, I think you're officially going overboard on the jealousy.
Narration: *And I'm definitely enjoying it too much.*
Yumiko: It's only a shopping trip, for goodness' sake.
Yuuji: Well, yes, but...
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ...What's wrong?
Yumiko: I don't want to just be a burden on you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *For a moment, I'm at a loss for words, but...*
Yuuji: Has that been on your mind? Sorry to disappoint, but I've never thought of you as a burden. Not even once.
Yumiko: ...Sounds like you're trying to convince yourself.
Yuuji: Stop putting the worst possible spin on everything. It's not a lie... That said, I can see where you're coming from. I messed up on this one.
Yumiko: How so?
Yuuji: I was being overprotective. Understandable that you misunderstood. It was clearly my mistake.
Yumiko: ...All right. I suppose we'll leave it at that.
Yuuji: Thanks, Yumiko. You're all heart.
Yumiko: ...Hmph. I'm nothing compared to you...
Narration: *Seems we're finally back to the somewhat prickly status quo.*
Yuuji: I'll be honest with you. Right now, I'm pretty damn exhausted both physically and mentally. Once I sit down, I don't think I'm going to get back up again for a while.
Yumiko: It's t-that bad...?
Yuuji: I can handle the cooking, but just thinking about walking around is depressing... Could I ask for your help, Yumiko?
Yumiko: One second! I'll go get a pen and paper.
Yuuji: Yeah... appreciate it.
Narration: *As she hunts noisily for a notepad, Yumiko's eyes seem noticeably brighter than before. I laugh wryly to myself, too quietly for her to hear.*
Narration: *I know I'm being a little indulgent, but I'm not Yumiko's guardian and she's not my ward. We're partners. I want to respect her opinion and work through our disagreements as equals.*
Narration: *Of course, as long as we're fugitives, that pretty ideal won't always be possible.*
Narration: *There are going to be times when she'll have to do what I say. I'm just more experienced and knowledgeable when it comes to self-preservation.*
Narration: *But as for today... I just walked through the shopping street and performed my normal observations. Tired as I may be, I'm confident I would have noticed anything strange.*
Narration: *―And more than that, there's a purely selfish reason I want to let her go.*
Narration: *It feels nice relying on Yumiko and being relied on in return. Simple as that.*
Yumiko: Well then, I'll be heading out.
Yuuji: All right.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: What's wrong? Weren't you leaving?
Yumiko: The goodbye...
Yuuji: Hm?
Yumiko: I-It's nothing...!
Yuuji: ...Oh, I get it.
Yumiko: Ah...!
Narration: *As Yumiko tries to slide past me, I seize her arm gently, then pull her into an embrace.*
Yumiko: N-No, uh! That's not what I... nngh...
Narration: *Before she can object, I begin sucking on her mouth.*
Yuuji: Mm...
Yumiko: Nn... mmf... *Smack*... nnn...
Yumiko: Haa, nn... nn, nngh, am...
Yumiko: Nn... nngh... ah, aah, haa...
Narration: *After a few long moments of mutual tongue-wrestling, we finally separate again.*
Yuuji: Was I wrong?
Yumiko: Y-You were... weren't wrong...
Narration: *Yumiko reflexively starts to deny it, but tapers off cutely into the truth.*
Yumiko: I-I'll be going, then...
Yuuji: Why so meek all of a sudden?
Yumiko: Y-You're imagining things...!
Yuuji: I'll be waiting. Watch your back out there, all right?
Yumiko: Yes, I know.
Yuuji: Phew...
Narration: *After seeing Yumiko off, I sit down heavily on the spot.*
Narration: *The over-worked muscles in my back ache dully; my neck, shoulders, arms, and legs are as heavy as lead.*
Narration: *I exhale deeply, pushing all the air out of my lungs.*
Narration: *It's been a while since I quit my initial public-works construction job. Couldn't help getting too familiar with the place... Ended up standing out more than I wanted to.*
Narration: *Since then, I've been regularly changing employers, deliberately going for more short-term work. Downside is that I can't get used to any one job. The exhaustion's been building up quietly for a while now.*
Narration: *My body will probably adapt to this lifestyle eventually, but it's definitely going to take some time.*
Yuuji: Well, guess I just have to keep at it...
Narration: *Even resisting gravity seems like a complete nuisance right now. I let myself collapse to the floor.*
Narration: *Once Yumiko gets back, it'll be time to make dinner. Until then I might as well relax a little.*
Narration: *I flop over onto my side to get comfortable― and then push myself back up off the ground.*
Yuuji: Come on, Yumiko...
Narration: *My eyes focus on a small object lying on top of our low dining table.*
Yuuji: How're you planning to pay without your purse...?
Yumiko: What an idiotic blunder...
Yuuji: You're still beating yourself up over that?
Yumiko: ...Well, I ended up wasting both of our time, didn't I?
Yuuji: There's no point dwelling on this. Let's put it behind us.
Yumiko: I suppose...
Narration: *Yumiko's been like this ever since I delivered the purse she forgot earlier.*
Narration: *Well, I understand it's because she feels genuinely guilty, but still...*
Yumiko: I was only trying to be less of a burden, but...
Yuuji: Like I said, you're not a "burden" to me. And it made me happy that you tried to help.
Yumiko: But...
Yuuji: I know you were concerned about me, Yumiko. That's what counts.
Yumiko: Yuuji...
Yuuji: Let's sleep. I've got work tomorrow and all, you know?
Yumiko: ...Right...
Narration: *After Yumiko nods in agreement, I slide into my bedding.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *It annoys me that I can't find anything better to say. A few clever words could probably cheer Yumiko up... maybe even get her laughing about this.*
Narration: *I'm doing the best I can, but my own clumsiness makes me wince.*
Narration: *Wish to hell I could trade my natural talent at being a sarcastic ass for the ability to comfort her.*
Yuuji: (...Might be time to start thinking about what comes next.)
Narration: *When I analyze the situation calmly... right now, I'm physically and mentally exhausted. I'm very near to the limits of my endurance.*
Narration: *However, that's absolutely not because Yumiko's "burdening" me down.*
Narration: *It's because Yumiko's at my side that I'm able to keep struggling forward. That's genuinely how I feel.*
Yuuji: (...Hrm. That's a pretty decent line, isn't it?)
Narration: *All right. I'll have to try and work that one into conversation tomorrow at some point.*
Narration: *Even as the thought's running through my mind, I'm starting to slip down into darkness...*
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ...Oh, I know.
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: Why don't I give you a massage, at least?
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ...Yuuji?
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: No way... He's already asleep...?
Yumiko: ...He must've been completely exhausted...
Yumiko: If only I could be more of a help...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Yuuji, I'm...
Yumiko: ...No. I can't say that, can I...
Date: *August 28, 2012, 07:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Yuuji: Okay, I've got to get going.
Yumiko: Right. Have a good day at work.
Yuuji: There's a good chance of rain this afternoon. Might end up coming back a little earlier than usual.
Yumiko: Is that how it works?
Yuuji: Probably. Depends on what we're doing at the site and how bad the weather is.
Yumiko: Okay. Got it.
Yuuji: Right.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ...What is it?
Yuuji: Forgetting anything?
Yumiko: Like what?
Yuuji: The goodbye...
Yumiko: ...! Oh, just get going already!
Yuuji: I see. All right then, bye.
Yumiko: Honestly...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: *Smack*
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*... I'm a completely pathetic excuse for a woman, aren't I...
Yumiko: Not only do I constantly make Yuuji worry, I can't even manage to show him a little support...
Yumiko: The weather's nice today...
Yumiko: Just you wait and see, Yuuji. I'll show you I'm more than a gloomy lump of a woman who needs to be cheered up all the time.
Yumiko: I'll be more than a match for you in no time. Brace yourself...
Yumiko: Hrm. Yumiko, you did all this...?
Yumiko: Yes, that's right. You've been looking tired lately... but perhaps I shouldn't have bothered?
Yumiko: Don't be ridiculous! In fact, I'm overjoyed. I had no idea you'd become such a fine woman.
Yumiko: Hehehe, this isn't all. I've still got more surprises up my sleeve...
Yumiko: I see. In that case, I expect great things of you.
Yumiko: Yuuji...
Yumiko: Yumiko...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...If you have time to put on a cringeworthy one-woman show like this, maybe you should just get started already...
Yumiko: Cooking, cleaning... and the laundry, too. I'm not just a problem to worry about... I can help you out as well!
Yumiko: First off, the cooking...
Yumiko: Well, I suppose I'll have to see what we have in the fridge before anything else.
Yumiko: Hmm, okay... But what should I make?
Yumiko: Yuuji's pretty thorough about this sort of thing, so we've got a full range of ingredients.
Yumiko: ...I should've had Yuuji borrow me a cookbook or something. If I still had my cell phone, I could search for recipes on the Internet, but...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: I did make that meat and potato stew in home ec once, didn't I?
Yumiko: ...Okay, let's go with that.
Yumiko: I'll have to wash the vegetables first. Potatoes, carrots...
Yumiko: Come to think of it, I suppose we don't have a peeler. Yuuji always just uses the kitchen knife.
Yumiko: ...All this... with a kitchen knife...?
Yumiko: Don't think about it, just move your hands. Right. That's the basic principle...
Yumiko: But still... I wonder if I can really pull this off...
Yumiko: It felt less like peeling and more like I was shaving them down, but I suppose it'll have to do.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...C-Can't let it get to me. Right, confidence is what matters. This'll work just fine...!
Yumiko: I'll just take these and cut them up into nice-sized chunks.
Yumiko: Add the soy sauce and mirin, then cover with a drop-lid...
Yumiko: Phew... I think that's roughly how it went. Hopefully it comes out tasty.
Yumiko: ...I suppose I can do something else while I wait.
Yumiko: When vacuuming, make sure not to forget the corners of the room... Hmm, this cord is rather short. I wonder if there's anything to be done about that...
Yumiko: Oh, the laundry's finished?
Yumiko: I read the instructions carefully, so that should've gone fairly smoothly, I'd expect.
Yumiko: ...Right, I should set it out to dry before I forget about it.
Yumiko: The underwear's twisted out of shape...
Yumiko: Come to think of it, I think Suou-san told me underwear should be hand-washed to avoid damage. I should've listened a little more carefully.
Yumiko: All right, hang up the trousers... and then...
Yumiko: Ah... Yuuji's shirt is all frayed...
Yumiko: ...Did I wash it incorrectly?
Yumiko: ...All right, let's just do what we can.
Yumiko: Here it is! I knew we had a sewing set here somewhere.
Yumiko: I've never really used it before, so I ended having to turn the room upside down just to find it. I'll have to clean up later.
Yumiko: Hm... the needles goes through the cloth surprisingly easil... Ow!
Yumiko: Ghh～
Yumiko: ...This isn't anything worth whimpering about.
Yumiko: I'll be able to handle it all soon enough. Cooking, cleaning, laundry, even sewing and... Owww!
Yumiko: Ghhh～
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...What's that? Do I smell something strange...?
Yumiko: The pot!?
Yumiko: ...Argh, what a stupid mistake... I completely forgot!
Yumiko: It smells a little burnt, but let's see how the... Owch!
Yumiko: ...!! How clumsy of m... Wha!?
Yumiko: Ghhh～!!
Yumiko: Oh, for crying out loud...!
Yumiko: I try to do a little sewing and end up stabbing my finger. The food in the pot gets burnt. When I try to take the drop-lid off, it's incredibly hot...
Yumiko: The moment I pull my hand back, I knock against the shelf. Half our tableware falls to the ground and shatters. And when I cool my hand in the faucet, the burn and cuts sting like crazy...
Yumiko: ...Anybody would be about ready to cry by now.
Yumiko: *Siiigh*...
Yumiko: Huh?
Yumiko: Rain...?
Yumiko: Oh no... I left the laundry out!
Yumiko: I just dried that! I've got to get it all inside before...!
Yumiko: Kya!
Yumiko: Owwww...
Yumiko: ...Tripped myself on the vacuum cleaner cord.
Yumiko: Ah...
Yumiko: The tea on the table spilled all over the place, so the laundry's all soggy...
Yumiko: ...The room's all soggy too...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...What the heck...
Yumiko: After all that time... and effort...
Yumiko: I didn't accomplish a single thing...
Yumiko: I just wanted to help Yuuji...
Yumiko: Just wanted to be... less of a burden...
Yumiko: But I couldn't... do a thing!?
Yumiko: No matter what I try... I just end up dragging him down...
Yumiko: Maybe... he'd be better off if I just disappeared...
Yuuji: Yumiko!
Narration: *I burst into the room, not pausing to take off my shoes. The scene inside confirms my worst fears.*
Narration: *The dim, shadowy apartment has been completely transformed since this morning. In the kitchen, I can make out shattered tableware and clothes scattered all over the place.*
Narration: *The living room space is comparatively undisturbed, but the lingering scent of something burnt in the air feeds the storm of panic swirling through my mind.*
Narration: *Those bastards... How did they track us down!?*
Yumiko: Yuu...ji...?
Yuuji: Yumiko!? You're safe!
Narration: *Relief washes over me as my eyes find Yumiko cowering in the middle of the room.*
Yumiko: Safe...? Wha...?
Yuuji: They were here, weren't they?
Yumiko: They...?
Yuuji: The room's a complete disaster. They must've been here... I'm amazed you were able to resist. You're always surprising me, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Huh... Ah... Yuuji, you're all wet...
Yuuji: Yeah, it's pouring out there. I did have an umbrella, but I dropped it when I saw the light wasn't on in here. Not like you'd be going out in this weather... I knew something had to be wrong.
Yumiko: Ah...
Yuuji: Still, those people should've been able to carry you off if they wanted to... Did they deliberately let you walk? What's their game here...!?
Yumiko: Y-You're wrong...!
Yuuji: I'm wrong? About what?
Yumiko: This isn't... uhm, anything like that...
Yuuji: Hm?
Yumiko: I was... doing housework...
Yuuji: Housework?
Yumiko: Yes...
Yuuji: House...work?
Narration: *I turn around and take in the scene once more.*
Yuuji: Don't be ridiculous, Yumiko. It looks like someone was fighting off a burglar in here. "Housework" couldn't possibly produce a disaster scene like this.
Yumiko: Normally, no... it couldn't, but...
Yuuji: Hrm?
Yumiko: When I'm involved... it's a different story...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *It's more than a little hard to believe, but from the miserable look on Yumiko's face, it's clear enough that she's telling the truth.*
Narration: *...It's also clear just how hurt she is.*
Narration: *The way I jumped to conclusions certainly didn't help at all. I quietly curse myself for making a bad situation worse.*
Yuuji: ...I see. Okay. In that case, let's start by cleaning up the room.
Yumiko: I-It's all right... I'm the one who made the mess. And you're probably tired, aren't you?
Yuuji: You're not the only one. I came running in here wearing my wet shoes, see? Just look at those footprints.
Yumiko: I'll t-take care of those too...
Yuuji: Won't take as long if we work together.
Yumiko: Well, that's... true, but...
Yuuji: And more importantly, Yumiko, I want to help you. Whenever and however I can. All right?
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *This last argument seems to finally do the trick. Yumiko makes no further attempt to object.*
Yuuji: Okay then, let's get this cleaned up right away.
Yumiko: sI'm sorry...
Yuuji: Hrm. We've got a broken glass here... That's dangerous.
Yumiko: Ah, I'll clean that up...
Yuuji: No, it's fine... Ow!
Yumiko: Yuuji!
Narration: *I cut the tip of my finger against a shard of glass like a complete idiot.*
Narration: *I'm physically worn out, so my fingers were trembling a bit... and I was moving a little quickly to keep Yumiko from touching it. Still, a pretty pathetic slip-up by any standard.*
Yuuji: Ah, don't worry, it's fine. Got clumsy and scratched myself. Nothing serious.
Yumiko: Yuuji... you're hurt...
Yuuji: It's really not that big a deal.
Yumiko: ...It's my fault...
Yuuji: ...Are you listening to me?
Yumiko: ...!
Yuuji: Whoa...
Narration: *Without a word, she buries her face against my chest.*
Narration: *The sound of the rain outside our dark little room seems to grow louder. It feels as if the relentless drumming isn't just filling my ears but also clouding my vision.*
Narration: *Like that day when she cowered at the thunder, Yumiko clings to me firmly, her body still and rigid as a stone.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Bring back a bad memory or something?
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Yumiko...?
Narration: *I can hear a faint sound almost like stifled sobbing, but I don't think Yumiko would get so upset over something this minor.*
Narration: *Well... no. Maybe I just don't want to believe it.*
Narration: *I wrap an arm around her shoulders and wait quietly for the storm to pass.*
Yuuji: All right, let's eat.
Yumiko: ...Thank you for the food.
Narration: *Yumiko sits across the dinner table, her shoulders still slumped miserably.*
Narration: *Her long hair falls like a shadow across her downcast face.*
Yuuji: Come on. It's not anything worth brooding over like this.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Okay, okay. I'll leave it alone, so just eat your dinner. It's good.
Yumiko: I'm sorry...
Yuuji: For what?
Yumiko: ...Lots of things.
Yuuji: Well, you don't have to be. I'm feeling more grateful than anything else.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: It made me happy, what you tried to do today. The results don't change that.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Also, you're pretty convinced you "failed," but this meat stew is seriously good. Hell of a lot better than the dull stuff I'm always making.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Even with that alone, you could call this a success.
Yumiko: "That alone"...? I think there were a number of other things worth mentioning.
Yuuji: That's just how it goes with housework sometimes. No need to let it get to you.
Narration: *I'm well aware that I'm not even being particularly coherent right now.*
Narration: *Even so, I care a hell of a lot more about Yumiko than a few broken plates.*
Narration: *She's the whole reason I'm here. The whole reason I was able to break away from a meaningless, empty life as someone else's dog.*
Narration: *...All of a sudden, the words I decided to say last night pop back into my head.*
Yuuji: Yumiko... you said you don't want to be a burden on me, right?
Yumiko: ...Yes.
Yuuji: Not to repeat myself, but you've got it all backward. It's only because you're with me that I can keep going.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: Thank you.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...It might've been easier if you'd chastised me...
Yuuji: Don't talk nonsense. I don't have anything to "chastise" you for.
Yumiko: Right... Of course you'd say that, Yuuji...
Narration: *Yumiko smiles awkwardly, but there's still more than a hint of gloom in her eyes.*
Narration: *We're both trying our best to help each other.*
Narration: *We both care about each other very much.*
Narration: *I know all that. I know this disconnect is the product of the exhaustion and stress that come with living as fugitives.*
Narration: *...Even so, I can't help feeling guilty.*
Narration: *Maybe Yumiko wouldn't be looking this sad right now if I wasn't so incompetent. Maybe we wouldn't be hiding like rats if I wasn't such a worthless piece of trash.*
Narration: *But just thinking those thoughts is an insult to the woman who believes in me. I push the black pessimism out of my mind with an effort of will.*
Narration: *Our room's silent except for the intolerable droning of the rain.*
Narration: *No matter how long we wait, it doesn't give the slightest sign of stopping any time soon.*
Date: *August 31, 2012, 07:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Yuuji: All right then, I'm going to get going.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ...Yumiko?
Yumiko: ...Ah, sorry. Have a nice day, Yuuji.
Narration: *Yumiko leans in close, and our lips lightly touch.*
Narration: *Pretty plain compared to the passionate kisses we were exchanging here only a week ago.*
Yuuji: I'll come back early today, all right...?
Yumiko: Yeah...
Narration: *Three days have passed since that commotion.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, Yumiko still hasn't cheered up whatsoever.*
Narration: *Lingering regret over her blunders... is only a small part of it, I think. It seems more like a deep reservoir of self-doubt that's been gathering inside her for months is finally overflowing out onto the surface.*
Yuuji: ...I told her not to worry about it, but...
Narration: *No matter how many times I deny it, Yumiko seems firmly attached to the conclusion that her "uselessness" is dragging me down.*
Narration: *The situation's probably not going to improve until the girl realizes that's not true.*
Narration: *I want to convince her somehow, but... I can't seem to find the right words. Right now, all I can manage is to act like everything's normal in the hope she'll forget about this a little sooner.*
Narration: *A real relationship can be one hell of a difficult balancing act...*
Narration: *Even more than the physical fatigue, that knowledge weighs down on my shoulders.*
Date: *August 31, 2012, 08:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Yumiko: What on earth am I doing...?
Yumiko: I wanted to be a help to Yuuji... but I can't do anything at all for him...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Just by being here, I'm driving him into a corner...
Yuuji: Damn it... I just hope she's not brooding over there...
Narration: *Even in the middle of work, I can't get Yumiko out of my head.*
Narration: *Leaving the girl alone at a time like this worries me. When I'm there, I can talk to her. It's a stopgap measure, but I can embrace her until she calms down.*
Narration: *Solitude amplifies fear and doubt. In a frustrating situation like this, talking to yourself for hours on end is a very dangerous thing.*
Narration: *However, I simply don't have the flexibility to spend all my time with Yumiko right now. Our financial situation is way too tight.*
Narration: *I've got no choice but to finish up here and get back to her as quickly as humanly possible.*
Yuuji: ...Phew.
Narration: *Lugging another sandbag into place, I exhale heavily and look up into the sky.*
Narration: *...The weather's nice. So fine that it almost makes me uneasy.*
Yumiko: Right now, Yuuji must be out there working...
Yumiko: And I'm... sitting around all day doing nothing...
Yumiko: Not only that, I actively make a nuisance of myself... Honestly, what a complete idiot...
Yumiko: ...Honestly...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...That's right.
Yumiko: If not for me... Yuuji wouldn't have to be living like this...
Yumiko: Haa... haa...
Yumiko: I can't... find one anywhere...
Yumiko: I suppose they've mostly been replaced by cell phones these days... There wasn't even one in front of the convenience store.
Yumiko: I've got to... got to find one right away...
Yumiko: Ah...
Yumiko: There...!
Laborer: Hokay. You can get goin' for the day.
Yuuji: Right.
Narration: *The work progressed a little more quickly than expected. A little past two in the afternoon, I get approval to head home.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, today's site was pretty far from the apartment. Have to get back as quickly as possible, for Yumiko's sake and mine.*
Worker: Looks like we're gonna be busy startin' tomorrow, so make sure y'get plenty of rest.
Yuuji: Yes, sir.
Narration: *I'm already changing out of my sweaty work clothes as my boss says goodbye.*
Narration: *...That's right. Tomorrow's going to come. A new dividing line between the past and the future.*
Narration: *No matter how many painful and ugly wounds you've suffered, there's always a possibility of healing so long as you keep walking forward.*
Narration: *That's the one thing I have to make Yumiko understand.*
Narration: *Struggle all you want. Look for your answers. Just don't throw away your own tomorrow.*
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...That's right. I just have to ask...
Yumiko: ...He'll agree, surely. That man only needs me, after all...
Yumiko: In exchange for my voluntary return, turn a blind eye to Yuuji's crimes...
Yumiko: ...Surely that's not such a bad bargain...
Yumiko: ......!
Michiaki: ...A public telephone...? Who on earth...?
Michiaki: ...Hello.
Yumiko: Haah... haah... haah...
Yumiko: Haaah...!
Yumiko: What... What was I doing...?
Yumiko: I was about to betray Yuuji again...
Yumiko: Guh... uuugh...
Michiaki: ...They hung up?
Michiaki: ......
JB: ...We've confirmed that Kazami Yuuji and Yumiko-san have destroyed their personal cell phones.
JB: Hypothetically, if they were to make contact with you, it would likely be through a public telephone. Should you receive any suspicious calls...
Michiaki: ...A public telephone... Could it be...!?
Michiaki: Hello!? Immediately pull the records on the pay phone that just called! Yes, to my cell, of course! Are you even awake over there!?
Michiaki: There's a good chance it was Yumiko or that boy soldier of hers. Hurry up!
Michiaki: Finally throwing in the towel, eh, Yumiko...!?
Yuuji: Wasn't able to get back that early after all...
Narration: *The return train from the site was delayed, so it's already evening by the time I'm back in town. Barely any different from the usual.*
Narration: *Driven along by sheer impatience, I find myself striding rapidly down the street.*
Yuuji: (...This is no good. Why am I feeling so uneasy?)
Narration: *Probably because I kept dwelling on the situation while I worked, unproductive thoughts keep flitting through my mind.*
Narration: *Shaking my head to drive away those vaguely ominous feelings, I hurry home while maintaining an appropriate level of vigilance.*
Yuuji: ...?
Narration: *A "good feeling" is usually the product of wishful thinking, but a "bad feeling" is grounded in experience and reality.*
Narration: *Therefore, the latter proves accurate more often than the former. Or so they say.*
Narration: *The lights are out in our apartment. The instant I see that, all the dark thoughts I've been fighting today spring violently back to life.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...!
Narration: *Dropping the armful of used books I'd bought as a distraction for Yumiko, I sprint up the stairs to the second floor.*
Yuuji: Yumiko, are you there...!?
Narration: *I unlock the door and rush inside. No sound or movement answers my frantic entrance.*
Yuuji: Was I too... Hrm?
Narration: *At first, I thought she'd left the apartment. But as my eyes adjust, I find her hunched down quietly in the middle of the room, arms wrapped around her knees.*
Narration: *The curtains are tightly shut; the sun hasn't set, but our room's enveloped in darkness.*
Narration: *Unlike last time, there's no signs of mess or physical damage... and yet, it's obvious at a glance that Yumiko's in far, far worse shape than she was that day.*
Yuuji: What happened, Yumiko!?
Narration: *I run over and shake her by the shoulder more roughly than I intended.*
Narration: *As my hand moves, Yumiko's head rocks loosely back and forth like that of a broken doll.*
Narration: *And with a terribly glacial movement of her neck, she lifts her face to look at me.*
Yumiko: ...I'm completely useless... Completely, utterly useless...
Yuuji: ...Yumiko?
Narration: *The first thing out of her mouth wasn't my name, or even the words of apology I hate so much.*
Narration: *They were empty, bitter words, filled with profound self-loathing.*
Yuuji: Something happened, right...?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *All I can say for sure is that something's very wrong.*
Narration: *Very seriously wrong. One misstep here and everything might fall apart.*
Yuuji: ...Yumiko, tell me what's wrong. Please.
Narration: *At the very least, I need her to tell me what happened. I can't do a thing until I know what we're up against.*
Narration: *Yumiko opens her mouth slightly, closes it, then repeats the process. Finally, in a frail whisper far removed from her normally forceful voice, she speaks―*
Yumiko: I tried... to make a call...
Yuuji: A call...? What, on a pay phone?
Narration: *We destroyed Yumiko's cell phone immediately after beginning our life on the run.*
Narration: *Yumiko slowly nods her head, then continues, audibly fighting back tears.*
Yumiko: I tried to... call him... to see if he'd... spare you, at least...
Yuuji: Him... Your father?
Yumiko: I'm the one who... made you do all that, Yuuji... If I wasn't here, you wouldn't be living like this...!
Yumiko: So... So, I thought... maybe I could save you by going back to that house... I was going to beg him...
Yuuji: ...Yumiko, you...
Yumiko: B-But I changed my mind...! I hung up without saying anything, so... Ah...!
Narration: *I wrap my arms around Yumiko and interrupt her words.*
Narration: *Crushing her against me in a powerful hug, I pet her hair and stroke the small of her back.*
Yumiko: Yuu...ji...?
Yuuji: ...Sorry. All I seem to do is make you worry...
Narration: *The girl was so desperately concerned about me that she nearly threw her own freedom away.*
Narration: *I was naive to think I understood. Stupid to think she would just put it behind her. For a moment, I'm immersed in something very much like despair.*
Narration: *How well can the likes of me possibly answer such intense feelings?*
Narration: *After gently stroking Yumiko's back one last time, I pull away, determined to at least try.*
Yuuji: We're leaving. It's better to assume they've already located us.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: ...As soon as you placed that call, they had a traceable record. There aren't many people who'd bother to use a pay phone these days. It's going to raise suspicions.
Yumiko: That's... No, that can't...!
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I'm sure you had no idea. Can't do anything about it now. Put that out of your mind.
Yumiko: Okay...
Yuuji: All right then.
Narration: *...This isn't the time for me to catalogue my failings. Or for Yumiko to regret her actions.*
Narration: *After quickly gathering up a few basic personal belongings, I open the curtains a crack and peer outside.*
Yuuji: There doesn't seem to be anything suspicious going on yet...
Narration: *Taking my cell phone from my pocket, I open a map of the area around our apartment.*
Narration: *All of our escape routes seem viable for the moment.*
Yuuji: ...We're going to catch a train at Sejima Station. Let's hurry.
Yumiko: Is it going to be all right...?
Yuuji: Yes.
Narration: *With a reassuring nod, I take her by the hand.*
Narration: *Just as before, I lead our escape, pulling Yumiko along behind me.*
Narration: *The situation's clearly worse than it was back then.*
Narration: *...But today, Yumiko's grip seems a little firmer.*
Narration: *As we run along the asphalt under the setting sun, I squeeze her hand in return, searching for the resolve I'll need to keep her safe.*
Man　A: Damn... we're too late!
Man　B: Looks like somebody left in a hurry, huh? Left most of their stuff lying around.
Man　A: Right, call President Sakaki immediately. I'll look for any clues about their destination.
Man　B: Got it.
Man　B: Yes, we've just arrived at the apartment. I'm very sorry... It does seem they were here, but they've already fled.
Man　B: The state of the room suggests they left very recently. We'll pursue immediately!
Michiaki: Understood. Get on their trail, and don't let them give you the slip this time!
Michiaki: I won't let you get away, Yumiko...
Michiaki: You're going to listen to what I say and do as you're told...!
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *From the West Tsutomo Railroad's Sejima Station, we board a train on a line that winds its way through the mountains.*
Narration: *I sit quietly next to Yumiko, my arm wrapped around her shoulder.*
Narration: *She doesn't try to strike up a conversation either.*
Narration: *It's still a little early for the office workers to be coming home, so the train's mostly empty. There's no real need for us to be silent. Still, neither of us exactly feel like having a casual chat.*
Narration: *I watch Yumiko's face from the side.*
Narration: *Her expression haggard, she stares quietly down at the floor beneath her feet.*
Narration: *There's no light in her eyes.*
Narration: *...What sort of words would bring this girl real comfort?*
Narration: *I've been searching in vain for what feels like a very long time now.*
Narration: *Too clumsy to craft skillful white lies, I couldn't even give her temporary relief. I just waited for things to mellow with the passing of time. There didn't seem to be any other choice.*
Narration: *But that was wishful thinking. Expecting the impossible.*
Narration: *Something like this could've happened at any moment, but I just passively waited for the infinite flow of time to solve all our problems for us.*
Narration: *Pathetic as it is to admit... maybe I was just tired. This lifestyle took its toll on me as well. I wouldn't have chosen such an idiotic policy otherwise.*
Yuuji: (I've got to tell her, somehow...)
Narration: *There's something I want Yumiko to know.*
Narration: *But if I just came out and said it right now, there's no way she'd accept it at face value.*
Narration: *In fact, she'd probably interpret it as kind but insincere lip-service. Might well end up pushing her even further into her shell.*
Narration: *Any attempt at cheering the girl up right now will probably have just the opposite effect.*
Narration: *With a loud "thunk" and a squeal from the brakes, our train shakes heavily and comes to a halt.*
Conductor: West Tokoroyama. This is West Tokoroyama. Transfer is available to the Nishikawa Mountain Line.
Narration: *A bored-sounding conductor informs us we've arrived at a station.*
Narration: *The Nishikawa Mountain Line, as the name might suggest, leads up into the mountains themselves. It heads even further into the backwoods than our current destination.*
Narration: *As I glance out from our mostly-empty carriage, a sign on the station platform catches my eye.*
Narration: *Halfway up the Mountain Line, the West Tsutomo Railway built a baseball stadium as something of a tourist attraction. The sign's covered with a large poster advertising the team's upcoming schedule.*
Yuuji: (...Hm...?)
Narration: *But my gaze comes to a halt just below it.*
Narration: *Underneath that flashy logo with the name of their baseball field spelled out in English, there's another sign I hadn't noticed at first.*
Narration: *It brings back a memory from a few months ago. Something we talked about before the strain began to wear us down.*
Narration: *Something important that I'd very nearly forgotten.*
Yuuji: (Oh, that's right...)
Narration: *We've been hard-pressed just to get by. Maybe it's only natural that this slipped out of my mind.*
Narration: *But it's something Yumiko needs. Something she's needed for a long time...*
Yuuji: Yumiko, you awake?
Narration: *Pulling Yumiko's head toward my shoulder, I lightly shake her body.*
Yumiko: Huh? Ah, yes, of course...
Yuuji: Time to transfer.
Yumiko: Transfer...? Here?
Yuuji: Yeah. Got to hurry or the train's going to leave.
Yumiko: A-All right...
Narration: *We step out onto the platform, then make our way toward the largely deserted branch line.*
Narration: *The wind, still a little cold despite the season, blows vigorously through the exposed station.*
Yumiko: Uhm... Yuuji, weren't we going to take that train further down the line? Why did we get off here...?
Yuuji: ...Forgot something. We're going to go take care of that.
Yumiko: Huh...!? We're going back to the apartment...?
Yuuji: No, that's not it.
Narration: *I glance back at Yumiko.*
Narration: *Just as before, her expression's full of profound fatigue and sorrow.*
Narration: *Forcing my dull face into the most reassuring smile I can manage, I speak.*
Yuuji: This way, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Wha...?
Narration: *Pulling her along by the hand, I stride toward the Mountain Line platform.*
Narration: *The wind gusts against our back, as if to push us along.*
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: Y-Yuuji!
Yuuji: ...What's up?
Yumiko: T-This place... I mean, what's... uhm... why...?
Narration: *The train took us three stops up into the mountains before reaching its final stop.*
Narration: *As soon as we disembark, Yumiko's expression transforms into one of pure bewilderment.*
Narration: *With one step past the ticket gate, a sea of vivid electric decorations opens up theatrically before our eyes.*
Yuuji: It's an amusement park, if you hadn't figured that out for yourself.
Yumiko: I-I know that! But why all of a sudden... and at a time like this...
Narration: *It's the polar opposite of the colorless fugitive life we've been trapped in for so long.*
Narration: *Must feel like I've carried her into a dream. It'd be stranger if she wasn't taken aback.*
Yuuji: That's exactly it. Our pursuers will never suspect the two of us might be playing around here like we don't have a care in the world.
Yumiko: W-Well, no, but that's still... You can't be...
Narration: *Bringing my mouth close to Yumiko's ear, I speak in an artificially stern tone of voice.*
Yuuji: Listen, Yumiko. This is a crucial part of our escape strategy... Forget the questions for now. I need you to act like you're having fun.
Yumiko: ...R-Really...?
Yuuji: Yeah. It might well invite suspicion unless we're sincerely enjoying ourselves. Make it look convincing, all right...?
Yumiko: Y-Yes, I understand...
Narration: *As Yumiko nods a little dubiously, I slap her gently on the shoulder and shift to a louder, cheerful voice.*
Yuuji: ...Have to start with the roller coaster, am I right?
Yumiko: N-No way! Such a powerful enemy right off the bat...?
Yuuji: "Powerful enemy," she says...
Narration: *I don't think amusement park rides really have power levels, but apparently Yumiko's worked out a firm internal ranking.*
Yumiko: U-Uhhhm, well, don't you normally work your way up to that sort of thing...? You know, start with the slow and easy rides and get used to it...
Yuuji: It's all good. If we start off with a real thrill, everything after will seem easier by comparison, right?
Yumiko: B-But...
Yuuji: No buts. C'mon, let's go.
Narration: *Firmly seizing Yumiko's hand, I drag her over to the roller coaster line by force.*
Narration: *In a mostly empty amusement park soon to be closed for the night, the sound of our rapid footsteps echoes through the air.*
Yumiko: All right, we're riding that one next!
Yuuji: ...Maybe we should at least catch our breath first?
Narration: *Understandably enough, Yumiko had been hesitant at first. But after two or three rides that faded away completely. By now, she's the one pulling me around.*
Yumiko: What shall we ride next...? What's your preference, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Me? I'd like to "ride" that bench in the rest area for a while.
Yumiko: Let's go on that river rafting ride! Looks fun, right?
Yuuji: People have often told me my listening skills need work, but it seems I'm not the only one...
Yumiko: Come on, let's go! Hurry up!
Yuuji: Uh, hey, don't yank me around like that...
Narration: *Smiling wryly, I let Yumiko pull me back into a run.*
Yumiko: Are you any good at driving go-karts, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Never been in one before, but... Well, I imagine it won't be a problem.
Narration: *"Not quite the same thing, but I've got experience driving up to three hundred kilometers per hour." But it's probably best to keep that thought to myself. No point reminding the girl of the past.*
Narration: *In any case, handling this sort of vehicle is actually something of a specialty of mine.*
Yuuji: You want to have a go?
Yumiko: ...It's not particularly feminine, is it? Do you promise not to laugh?
Yuuji: ...Little late to worry about that now, after the way you flipped out on that thrill ride... Ow!
Narration: *Yumiko pokes me sharply in the flank.*
Yumiko: Don't be rude! I wasn't enjoying myself that much... probably.
Narration: *This coming from the girl who cackled with glee as the coaster went into a nearly straight vertical drop...?*
Yuuji: Well, whatever. Let's give it a shot. I'm looking forward to seeing you drive.
Yumiko: You might regret that. I'm a whole different person once I get behind the wheel...
Yuuji: ...Seriously?
Yumiko: ...It's a joke. To be honest, I've never driven before. Not even in a game.
Narration: *This inspires a moment of relief. But soon, I recall the distressing example of a certain monstrous speed demon named Suou Amane.*
Narration: *Indeed, there's no telling how taking hold of the steering wheel will change a person. A vision of Yumiko merrily smashing around the track shrieking "Ahahaha, this feels sooo good! I want more, Yuuuuji!" flashes before my eyes...*
Narration: *I think I'll have to keep a very careful eye on how things develop out there.*
Yumiko: ...Why the serious face all of a sudden?
Yuuji: Ah, it's nothing. I was just reflecting on the countless possibilities lying dormant inside the human soul...
Yumiko: Uh, what...?
Yumiko: Phew. I think we've been on almost everything by now...
Yuuji: ...Well, yeah, since we went from one end of the park to the other riding literally everything we saw.
Yumiko: Discovering your unexpected weakness to rotating rides made it all worthwhile.
Narration: *Yumiko looks over at me with a smirk on her face.*
Yuuji: ...So sue me. I'm just not a fan of that coffee cup thing.
Yumiko: You had the surliest look on your face the whole time... Next time you do something bad, maybe I'll sit you down in a chair and spin you around as punishment.
Yuuji: Spare me the practical applications, please...
Narration: *It's good that Yumiko seems to be enjoying herself, but the last thing I need is the girl developing some weird little superiority complex.*
Narration: *...I think some retaliation may be in order.*
Yuuji: Yumiko, how about this next...?
Yumiko: Huh? Is there some ride we haven't been on yet...?
Narration: *The instant Yumiko peers down at the pamphlet in my hands, her face stiffens like water freezing to ice.*
Yumiko: Th... T-T-This is...!
Yuuji: What's wrong? Where's that energy and enthusiasm gone all of a sudden, Sakaki Yumiko?
Yumiko: Why do you only use my full name when you're making a fool out of me!? ...Look, I'll pass on this one. Let's do something else, okay...?
Narration: *Yumiko looks up at me with pleading eyes.*
Narration: *Meeting her gaze with a deliberately kind expression, I answer flatly and decisively...*
Yuuji: Not happening.
Yumiko: Wha...!? You can't be serious...!
Yuuji: It's your punishment for mocking me about that spinning ride. Only fair that we have you face up to your weaknesses as well, right?
Narration: *I make my way to a building tucked into the dense forest on the edge of the amusement park, forcibly pulling a resisting Yumiko along behind me...*
Narration: *A building marked "Spine-Chilling Hall of Horrors"...*
Yumiko: Noooooo! Jerk, idiot, bully! You know I can't handle this sort of thing! Nooo...!
Yuuji: Well, well. I wasn't expecting much from a mere amusement park attraction, but that was a truly engrossing experience.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: That wax figure that popped out halfway through was particularly well made. The way his brains burst out all over the place was quite realistic, don't you think?
Yumiko: ............
Yuuji: Oh, and the master of the hall. I saw the decapitation coming, but I wasn't expecting his severed, bloody head to come flying in our direction...
Yumiko: ..................
Yuuji: Guess it's worth giving that sort of place a try every once in a while, eh...? Yumiko?
Yumiko: ........................
Yuuji: What's wrong? You haven't been saying much. And that pale face of yours is getting whiter... Did you catch a cold or something?
Yumiko: It's because I was terrified, obviously!!!!!
Yuuji: ...You did seem even more frightened than I'd expected.
Yumiko: I can't... I can't BELIEVE you! That was too scary...!
Narration: *Yumiko only shrieked and screamed like a normal girl for the first five minutes or so.*
Narration: *After that, the terror must have overloaded her brain... No matter what came after us, she'd just quiver violently at my side, her face frozen in an expressionless mask.*
Yuuji: You really are totally helpless against that sort of stuff, huh? My bad.
Yumiko: ...Oh, please. You knew that perfectly well, and you still dragged me there! Sometimes you're a complete sadist, Yuuji.
Yuuji: ...Can't deny that.
Yumiko: Like in bed... Even when I tell you to stop, things always get out of hand...
Yuuji: ...Hm? You say something?
Yumiko: Nuh, nothing! It's nothing. Come on, enough scary stuff, let's go for something a little more fun this time! Okay!?
Narration: *Her pallid face abruptly blooming red, Yumiko pulls me firmly along by the hand in a clear attempt at changing the subject.*
Yumiko: ...Well, I'm starting to get a little tired...
Yuuji: Yeah, same here.
Narration: *We've finished visiting nearly all the attractions the park has to offer. Yumiko glows with obvious satisfaction, but there's a hint of fatigue in her eyes as well.*
Narration: *...Of course, considering the long and stormy day we've just had, I suppose it's only natural for her to be a little worn out.*
Yuuji: Why don't we finish up by riding the ferris wheel or... Uh, Yumiko?
Narration: *As I'm suggesting we conclude our visit with that venerable amusement park staple, I notice that Yumiko's looking off in a completely different direction.*
Narration: *Is there someone behind me...? No, doesn't seem like it. She's been shooting glances over at one fixed point in particular.*
Narration: *Subtly, careful not to let Yumiko notice, I follow the line of her gaze.*
Yuuji: (...Wait, does Yumiko seriously want to...)
Narration: *What I find there surprises me. It's an attraction... somewhat out of sync with Yumiko's image.*
Narration: *Of course, an amusement park isn't the sort of place you'd expect to find Yumiko to begin with; but even in that context, this ride stands out as an S-rank mismatch.*
Yuuji: Hey, Yumiko.
Yumiko: What is it, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Do you, uh... want to ride that thing?
Narration: *I point in the direction Yumiko was just looking and gingerly ask the obvious question.*
Yumiko: Wha...!
Narration: *Instantly, in a replay of the previous conversation, her pale face lights up with a violent blush.*
Yumiko: D-Don't be ridiculous! W-W-Why would I want to? It's like something a little girl would ride...!
Yuuji: Well, you've been running around like a little girl the whole time we've been here, haven't you?
Yumiko: You're mocking me, aren't you!? You're CLEARLY mocking me!
Yuuji: In that case, you want to just skip it and leave?
Yumiko: Wha...?
Yuuji: ...Guess that's decided, then. You're so easy to understand...
Narration: *Getting up off the bench, I take Yumiko by the hand and pull her to her feet.*
Yuuji: Let's make that the grand finale, then...
Yumiko: H-Hold on, uhm, Yuuji, I...!
Narration: *Before long, the two of us have climbed onto the ride Yumiko had her eye on.*
Narration: *The park's shutting down for the night very soon. There aren't any other visitors to be seen.*
Yumiko: W-Wait, stop... This is e-embarrassing!
Narration: *But nonetheless, the girl looks around the area nervously, self-conscious despite the complete lack of spectators.*
Yuuji: What's the problem? Nobody's around. Might as well throw your pride to the wind and regress to childhood.
Yumiko: Easy for you to say. How am I supposed to "regress" all of a sudden? Come on, seriously...
Narration: *Ignoring Yumiko's protests, the merry-go-round creaks to life and begins to spin.*
Narration: *A vast array of cheap-looking electric decorations and lights begin to blink cheerily on and off, and an upbeat tune that feels vaguely familiar plays from the speakers overhead.*
Yumiko: A-As if such a childish bit of make-believe is going to...
Narration: *Halfway through the sentence, Yumiko falters.*
Narration: *The carousel horse slowly rises and falls underneath us. The scene before our eyes transforms again and again.*
Narration: *A brilliant green gradient fades into a sky of impossible indigo blue, forming an artificial stage in the midst of the darkness. White lights above merge into one continuous line, illuminating the spectacle.*
Narration: *As the soothing, strangely nostalgic sounds and lights wash over us, the tone of Yumiko's voice gradually begins to change.*
Yumiko: Such a childish... bit of make-believe...
Yuuji: ...What's wrong?
Narration: *I can hear the girl faintly breathe in.*
Narration: *And then, in a voice just barely audible over the garish music, she continues.*
Yumiko: ...I always wanted to ride one...
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ...Just like this. With somebody I love...
Narration: *Every time we move up and down, the metal fixtures supporting our horse creak audibly.*
Narration: *With every clunking repetition, Yumiko's body shakes a little in my arms.*
Narration: *And it's not just because the horse is worn out.*
Yumiko: You know... back when Mom was still living with Dad, I didn't understand at all.
Narration: *Yumiko's shared her memories of those early days with me before.*
Narration: *How at first, she grew up assuming herself to be a normal child. How she slowly came to realize she was different. The beginning of her isolation.*
Yumiko: When Dad had a day off, he'd take Mom and the others out to the sea to visit beaches and amusement parks. But they always left me behind. Just me, out in the garden drawing pictures in the dirt.
Yumiko: Mom ended up in the hospital. Dad stayed far away. Grandma and Grandpa acted like I wasn't even there. And that's when I finally understood...
Narration: *The quivering of her body grows noticeably stronger against my hands.*
Yumiko: That I shouldn't have been born... That nobody wanted me around...
Yumiko: That I'd... always have to be alone...
Narration: *Yumiko's sentence shudders to a halt. Her shoulders heave with silent sobs.*
Narration: *The girl's been making an effort not to cry in front of me. Even when she was crushed by her own failures, she did her absolute best not to break down.*
Narration: *Even now, she keeps her back turned, refusing to let me see the tears.*
Narration: *How many times has Yumiko cried like this, her face hidden from the world?*
Narration: *Abandoned, rejected, betrayed, hacking at her hair with a box cutter, hiding in her room - at all the times it hurt most, the girl's been on her own.*
Yumiko: ...S-So, well... Yuuji, being here with you today... having fun together... made me really happy...
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Yumiko: Really happy... Really, truly... happy...
Narration: *Artificial stars rotate before our eyes. The light merges together into one long multi-colored stripe, dancing up then down, left then right.*
Narration: *Red and white and yellow and blue extend all around us, spinning in time to the cheerful, simple music.*
Yumiko: Yuuji, be honest...
Yumiko: That "escape strategy" was nonsense, wasn't it...? You took us here for my sake.
Yuuji: ...I never tell lies. Don't you know that by now?
Yumiko: That's not true... You're too nice to be honest, Yuuji. You've told me so many kind lies...
Yuuji: Ridiculous slander.
Yumiko: You kept telling me nothing was wrong, even when you were suffering... You hid the truth from me because you knew it would bother me...
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: I wanted you to be more selfish with me, Yuuji. But I couldn't make you. That made me very sad...
Narration: *Yumiko hesitates, choosing her next words carefully.*
Narration: *I know what's coming next. It's nothing I want to hear. A phrase we've tried to make taboo.*
Yumiko: I'm so sorry, Yuuji...
Narration: *It must have been on the tip of her tongue so many times these last few months.*
Narration: *The miserable apology that finally spills out of Yumiko's mouth is a quiet, frail thing, but it's still enough to pierce me to the core.*
Yumiko: I wanted to divide the pain and sadness you're carrying more equally between us. I wanted to take care of you... the way you take care of me...
Yumiko: But I couldn't... do a single thing... and I'm sorry. I'm sorry... for being with you...
Yuuji: ...Yumiko.
Narration: *Calling her by name, I stroke her cheek with one hand.*
Narration: *As if her own pain wasn't enough, she wants to take on the darkness inside me. She's trying to load down her slender body with a weight it can't possibly bear.*
Narration: *And this from a girl too weak even to support herself...*
Yuuji: ...I have something I wanted to say to you as well, Yumiko.
Narration: *I draw the arm I've wrapped around Yumiko closer to me.*
Narration: *Pressing her body firmly to mine, I speak the words clearly into her ear.*
Yuuji: I'm really glad you were born. Thank you.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: I've never had anyone care about me this much. Everything I did before I met you felt hollow. I always ended up alone.
Narration: *With my master gone, I didn't know why I was even bothering to keep on breathing.*
Narration: *Continuing to work for my country, I tried to find the meaning of the words she left me at the end. They were all I had left.*
Narration: *I still haven't unravelled that mystery. But now that I'm with Yumiko, I think I'm beginning to glimpse some small fragment of the answer.*
Yuuji: ...At the very least, your birth had meaning for me. So let me say this one more time: Don't apologize. I'm grateful to you.
Narration: *I embrace her even more strongly than before.*
Narration: *Above the swaying carousel horse, Yumiko's body begins to tremble once again.*
Narration: *A warm drop of water falls on the hand I've wrapped around her. Then another. Pretending not to notice, I gently stroke her hair.*
Yumiko: ...Why... are you so kind...?
Yuuji: I'm not kind, just full of myself. I do what I want.
Yumiko: No, you're definitely kind... I mean, when you come at me with a line like that, I can't even... fight back anymore...
Narration: *Her hand reaches back to grasp the sleeve of my shirt.*
Yumiko: ...You really are kind... and completely full of yourself...!
Yuuji: Sorry. It's my nature.
Narration: *It takes some time for Yumiko's trembling to die down.*
Narration: *The park outside is already sinking into darkness. As I watch, the lights on the other attractions wink out in ones and twos.*
Yuuji: By the way... there was one other reason I brought you here.
Yumiko: Another reason...?
Narration: *Sounds like she's forgotten.*
Yuuji: ...Because I promised.
Yumiko: Promised...? Ah...
Narration: *As my words jog her memory, Yumiko's voice takes on a note of surprise.*
Yuuji: You told me you wanted to visit one of these, remember? I know the timing's a little crazy, but...
Narration: *Tears welling up in the corner of her eyes, she looks back at me and smiles.*
Yumiko: ...I'm happy. You remembered?
Yuuji: Come on, no way I'd forget something like that.
Yumiko: Right...
Narration: *The music playing from the tinny, poorly-maintained speakers above us is repeatedly interrupted by bursts of static.*
Narration: *That jarring noise periodically cuts our conversation apart. The cheap dream-world creaks and groans around us. It's not exactly the sort of illusion you can just lose yourself in.*
Narration: *...But none of that really matters.*
Narration: *I've found a woman who can love a piece of trash like me from the bottom of her heart―*
Narration: *That's enough to make this place an impossible paradise.*
Narration: *Eventually, the last attractions go dark, and our little fantasy world fades away with the sigh of a motor.*
Narration: *I sit on our horse with my arms around Yumiko, quietly speaking her name again and again. As if to remind her that she's here. That this is real.*
Narration: *And in response, she whispers "Yuuji" many, many times―*
Narration: *In a forest so dark it's impossible to tell where the trees end and the sky begins, our train winds its way down to civilization.*
Narration: *Little by little, the small lights of carriage windows come into view in the station below, where we transferred only a few hours ago.*
Narration: *As much as we might want to deny it, those lights force us to realize that our time in the dream world's over. Down there, inescapable reality is waiting for us.*
Narration: *It's already past ten. They've had hours to follow our trail. Once we transfer to the train that'll carry us away from here, we won't be able to turn back.*
Narration: *At my side, Yumiko quietly gazes at the back of the seat in front of her.*
Narration: *Her eyes aren't hollow and lifeless like they were before. But from the tightly clenched fist resting on the seat by her thigh, I can see that she's still uneasy.*
Narration: *I lower my hand from her shoulder to cover that small fist. After a few gentle strokes, she lets her hand fall open, then turns it to squeeze mine in return.*
Yumiko: Where are we going...?
Narration: *The question's tinged with a little anxiety.*
Yuuji: We'll take a detour to the north, then head east. From there, we'll change to a different private railway and head further north.
Yumiko: North...?
Yuuji: Yeah. There are some decently populated towns along the coastal railway where we shouldn't stand out too much.
Narration: *Hide people among people. Still following that basic principle, I've decided on a slightly more distant destination.*
Narration: *However, unless the fundamental dynamics of the situation change, our fugitive lifestyle isn't going to end.*
Narration: *From what JB's told me, the East Beach Group has some delicate circumstances at the moment. But if that changes, they might go public with this search.*
Narration: *...The police will get involved. Ichigaya will move in earnest. Even the media will start working against us. At that point, there probably won't be any safe place left for us.*
Narration: *We're still two isolated individuals struggling against an incomparably stronger opponent.*
Yumiko: We have no choice but to run, I suppose...
Narration: *There's no doubt Yumiko feels the same apprehension. The tone of her voice is low, resigned.*
Narration: *Gazing at her slightly downcast face, I finally make up my mind to ask.*
Yuuji: Actually, Yumiko, I have a question for you.
Narration: *She turns to look at me. Staring straight into her eyes, I continue.*
Yuuji: Do you want to confront your father?
Yumiko: Wha...?
Yuuji: ...If you've got the will, I might have a way. I've been slowly making preparations ever since we ran away.
Yumiko: ...You're asking... me?
Yuuji: That's right. We can also run away, if that's what you want. If we confront him and lose, we'll be torn apart... but there's risk either way.
Narration: *Yumiko listens to my words quietly and attentively.*
Narration: *But as I continue, her gaze slips from mine and begins to fall downward. By the time I've finished speaking, she's staring straight at her feet.*
Yumiko: ...I can't possibly make that decision.
Narration: *After a brief pause, she answers in a voice bitter with self-derision.*
Yumiko: I mean, I haven't grown in the slightest. The whole reason we're on the run again is that idiotic phone call I made...
Narration: *And once again, her voice begins to quaver as she struggles to hold down the tears.*
Yumiko: When you came to save me that day they took me from the dormitory, I told myself I'd believe in you. That's why I took the hand you offered me.
Yumiko: But at the very end, when push came to shove... I couldn't do it. I couldn't believe in you. How can I ask you for anything when I'm just going to end up dragging both of us down...?
Narration: *I shake my head to deny her words.*
Yuuji: ...You're wrong, Yumiko. You've changed. There's no doubt about it.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: Yes, you tried to make that phone call. But you hung up before he answered, didn't you?
Yumiko: W-Well, yes, but... that didn't make any difference! Because of that call, those people nearly caught us!
Yuuji: Hindsight is twenty-twenty. I'm talking about what you were thinking, Yumiko.
Yumiko: What I was thinking...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *I remember the day when Yumiko dismissed me. The day she tried to leave my life forever.*
Narration: *Refusing to acknowledge her own will, unable to rely on me, she tried to disappear all on her own.*
Narration: *That Yumiko would have made the phone call. She would have told her father everything.*
Narration: *...Believing all the while that she was doing me a favor.*
Yuuji: You pulled yourself back from the edge. You fought down the fear and held onto your own free will.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ...And I'm going to stay with you. No matter what kind of ending we've got waiting for us.
Yumiko: Yuuji...!
Narration: *Yumiko throws herself against my chest.*
Narration: *Her body's slender and light as always. But today, I can feel a strength in her that wasn't there before.*
Narration: *Slowly, face buried against my shirt, she gathers her breath.*
Narration: *I just sit there, letting her respiration warm my skin, enjoying the affectionate movements of her fingers against my back.*
Narration: *...And finally―*
Yumiko: ...I have my answer.
Narration: *Yumiko pulls away and meets my gaze.*
Yuuji: That's a coincidence. Same here.
Narration: *Simultaneously, our faces break into smiles.*
Narration: *There's no hint of strain or awkwardness. They're probably the most easy, natural smiles we've had on our faces in a long time.*
Narration: *And again, in Yumiko's eyes, I see something like determination.*
Narration: *Resignation... might still be part of it. But that strength I glimpsed in her is real. I absolutely believe that now.*
Yumiko: Shall we say it together, then?
Yuuji: Sounds good.
Narration: *Our eyes fixed on each other, we open our mouths to speak.*
Narration: *For a long time, our feelings for each other kept us at cross-purposes. But now, finally, we're standing together, facing the same moment, seeing the same future.*
Narration: *Seeing the road we'll travel―*

Date: *September 29, 2015, 11:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Narration: *Actively resolving a conflict between human beings is a lot harder than it might sound.*
Narration: *First, you need to understand the cause and context of the disagreement in great detail. Only once you've precisely identified the interests of both sides can you even begin devising a plan.*
Narration: *And when the conflict's particularly volatile, you're building that strategy on a foundation of sand. All too often, the situation will shift underneath you, rendering all your painstaking preparations useless.*
Narration: *In other words: when a serious dispute arises between two people, it's pretty damn rare for both parties to walk away satisfied in the end.*
Narration: *Often it comes to an exchange of blows until one side falls. These days, it's also pretty common for a third party to impose an unequal "compromise," leaving behind mutual animosity to carry over into another round of conflict.*
Narration: *Not to repeat myself, but finding a way to genuinely solve the problem at hand is a far more difficult task.*
Narration: *That said, there's one and only one universal solution to any such dilemma.*
Narration: *The effect's not always obvious, and it's never quick. The exact results vary with the circumstances.*
Narration: *Still, everyone understands its absolute power. So when things seem well and truly hopeless, it's a method we often turn to―*
Narration: *"Time heals all wounds."*
Narration: *Human beings forget. Eventually, we die. The irresistible flow of time wears everything away in the end - even our quarrels.*
Yuuji: Another hot one...
Narration: *After carefully lowering a box of industrial wire to the ground, I wipe the sweat from my brow with the towel draped around my shoulders.*
Narration: *September's nearly at an end, but from the weather you'd think we were still mired in the dog days of summer.*
Narration: *The sun blazes ruthlessly down from the sky, and its blinding reflection from the sea is just as bad. But then again... compared to the guys who're actually out there fishing, I don't have much to complain about.*
Man: Kazami-san, if you're done with that please give Oishi-san a call.
Narration: *A young man carrying a similar load calls out to me from behind.*
Yuuji: Got it. Something happen at the office?
Man: Sounds like we've got some people kicking up a real stink about that mooring situation with the fishing boats. He was hoping you could sort it out.
Yuuji: I'm not the harbor's bouncer, you know...
Narration: *I take the rough wooden box from my co-worker's hands and add it to the pile with a sigh.*
Yuuji: Is Oishi-san at the main office or out at a site?
Man: The main office. Said he'd be waiting in front of the phone until you give him a call.
Yuuji: So dependent... Well, not that I really expect him to stand up to a bunch of roughnecks with a body like that.
Narration: *I run into the man every once in a while on the job. He's always been... on the scrawny side.*
Man: Hey, what're ya gonna do? Not like we have anyone else who can stand up to those fisherman types.
Yuuji: Easy for you to say... I'll take care of this one, but I think I'm going to tell the office we need to start relying on the police.
Man: Dunno how well that would work out, since the police are relying on you too.
Yuuji: The police, huh... That's a little ironic.
Man: Huh!? Did you have problems with the cops when you were younger, Kazami-san? Always wondered why you're so good in a fight... So you used t'be a troublemaker or something?
Yuuji: A troublemaker...? Guess you could say that. Probably not in the way you're thinking, though.
Man: ......?
Narration: *Leaving my coworker cocking his head in puzzlement, I push open the glass door to the harbor office and step inside.*
Narration: *The air conditioning quickly cools my sweaty body. By the time I reach the phone, my overheated brain's finally beginning to function again.*
Yumiko: Welcome back, Yuuji!
Yuuji: Hey, Yumiko. You went out?
Yumiko: Yes, just a little shopping trip. You're early today.
Yuuji: ...Yeah, something happened at work. My boss was kind enough to let me head home afterward.
Yumiko: Something happened...?
Yuuji: Nothing big. I'll tell you while we walk...
Yumiko: Okay...
Narration: *Taking over for Yumiko behind the stroller she'd been pushing along, I head down the road toward our apartment.*
Narration: *It's a road we walked as a students a few years ago, but the circumstances are a little different now.*
Narration: *...Today, Yumiko and I are walking it together. Pushing our son along with us.*
Narration: *The two of us succeeded in running away from Yumiko's father.*
Narration: *I did have a plan for a direct confrontation, but in the end the risk was just too great.*
Narration: *Above all else, Yumiko chose this path.*
Narration: *Hypothetically... if her decision had been different, I would've put my fears aside and taken the other road.*
Narration: *Our continued life as fugitives absolutely wasn't easy or pleasant.*
Narration: *Living in constant fear took its toll on our spirits, and just scraping by was a painful challenge. There wasn't a single moment of true peace.*
Narration: *However, on the day we made our choice, Yumiko and I accepted that struggle together. We had to change our hiding place many times, living under false names and working menial jobs, but our determination never faltered again.*
Narration: *...And about two years after our escape, the situation changed dramatically.*
Yuuji: ...Is that true, Julia?
Narration: *That day, my work cell phone didn't just buzz once and fall silent. It rang and rang until I finally picked up.*
Narration: *It was the first time that had happened since my desertion. Surprising enough, but the call itself was downright shocking.*
JB: Yes... there's no reason to lie to you. Congratulations. We have a truce...
Narration: *JB was calling to inform us that Sakaki Michiaki had aborted his clandestine search and formally disowned his daughter, Sakaki Yumiko.*
Narration: *The reason was clear enough. Eager to obtain an obedient puppet to lead the East Beach Group after his retirement, Michiaki had grown frustrated with the fruitless pursuit of his daughter and adopted a male child.*
Narration: *With that accomplished, Yumiko lost all value to him, and the expensive investigation into her whereabouts was immediately discontinued.*
Yuuji: So in the end, Yumiko really was nothing but a pawn to him...
Narration: *Normally, you wouldn't abandon the search for your only child just because you'd adopted another.*
Narration: *The casual way Michiaki gave up on Yumiko seemed like a blatant demonstration of how little he'd cared for her as anything but a tool.*
Narration: *No matter how completely she'd thrown away her feelings for the man, it was hard to imagine this wouldn't hurt Yumiko...*
JB: I wonder about that. For what it's worth, Mr. Sakaki had quite a lonely expression on his face when he informed me of his decision.
Yuuji: ...What's that supposed to mean?
JB: Good question. Perhaps you could also interpret this as him setting the two of you free.
Yuuji: ...Well, if he wanted to harass us, it would've been easy enough to just pretend he was continuing the search.
JB: Indeed. It's all speculation, though...
Narration: *It was only a possibility, but Sakaki Michiaki might have been showing us compassion in his way.*
Narration: *Not that there was any way for us to learn the truth now...*
JB: In other words, you two are free. Of course, we can't welcome you back with open arms after all this; you've been removed from your position on the reserve. But since the police were never involved, we're going to let you walk away...
Yuuji: You probably had a lot to do with that, didn't you? Sorry.
JB: ...That's nothing you need to worry about anymore. From now on, focus on protecting Yumiko and making a life for yourself.
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Since my "kidnapping" of Yumiko was never officially reported, there was no legal obstacle to us coming in from the cold.*
Narration: *Still, I created an embarrassing political problem for Ichigaya and deserted my duties. A severe penalty was completely warranted.*
Narration: *I honestly never thought they'd let me go so easily. JB must've pulled a hell of a lot of strings on my behalf.*
Narration: *...Not to mention everything she did for me while we were on the run. All things considered, I owed my former superior a debt I would never be able to repay.*
JB: Incidentally, don't give me too much credit for this. The opinion of someone a lot higher up the food chain was very influential. I was mainly just moving on their orders...
Yuuji: ...That so? Don't have any idea who that would be, but tell them I'm grateful.
JB: ......
Yuuji: What's wrong, Julia?
JB: ...Yes, I'll tell them... "Yuuji says thank you."
Narration: *For some reason, JB rephrases my request in a oddly careful tone.*
Narration: *The conversation continued for a little while after that as we wrapped up the remaining formalities and briefly discussed the future.*
JB: All right then, Yuuji. Take care of yourself...
Yuuji: Yeah. You too, Julia...
Narration: *And then, just like that, the call came to an end. Staring down at my silent phone, I took a deep breath and slowly exhaled.*
Narration: *That was the last time JB and I spoke.*
Narration: *Two years have passed since that day, but that black phone hasn't rung even once.*
Yumiko: Why do you keep doing such dangerous things...? Were you hurt?
Narration: *When I tell Yumiko about the incident this afternoon, her expression grows troubled.*
Yuuji: I'm fine. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary. I mean... you know I can handle myself against a fisherman or two, right?
Yumiko: Well, yes... but it still worries me.
Narration: *After that phone call two years ago, Yumiko and I returned to Mishima Cape, the town where we'd met.*
Narration: *Thanks to JB's arrangements, I gained regular employment at the town's harbor management office, and the two of us were able to rent a respectable apartment.*
Narration: *I did make an effort not to stand out too much, but I haven't quite lost the habits I picked up in my previous line of work. It's become common for me to handle some of the more troublesome situations that arise around the harbor.*
Narration: *...And that, of course, ends up making Yumiko worry like this.*
Narration: *I feel bad, but it's also been a way for the newcomer who got his job through mysterious connections to earn some trust. Personally, I don't mind as long as there's no real danger...*
Yumiko: Hey, Yuuji...
Narration: *Yumiko draws her body close to mine.*
Yumiko: It's nice that they rely on you, but... your safety's more important.
Yuuji: Mm...
Yumiko: ...You're not just looking out for me anymore, remember?
Narration: *Gazing pointedly down at our child, she hits me with a potent dose of guilt.*
Yumiko: I don't want... to lose any more family...
Yuuji: ...Yeah. You're right.
Narration: *I can't just think about myself anymore. Yumiko and the small child at her side are part of my life now.*
Narration: *From now on, I'll have to gradually start passing those problems off to the police...*
Yuuji: All right, I promise I'll work on that. Honestly, though, it might take some time.
Yumiko: Right. You're a soft touch, after all. Just start cutting down on it little by little and I'll be happy.
Yuuji: Sorry, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Don't be. It's all right... We've got plenty of time.
Narration: *There's a smile on her face as she pulls away.*
Yumiko: I'll take care of the tidying up.
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Yumiko stands up and heads briskly for the kitchen, where she begins washing the dishes from our meal.*
Narration: *It's hard to believe this aproned young woman is the same person as that grouchy girl in a school uniform I met a few years back.*
Yuuji: (She's become so motherly already...)
Narration: *After the birth of our child, Yumiko's been talking a great deal about family.*
Narration: *I suppose that's only natural now that we have a son, but I think there's another shade of meaning hiding in those words.*
Narration: *...Yumiko had another family once. One that fell apart in a terrible way.*
Narration: *To me, it looks as though that loss is still casting a shadow over her.*
Yumiko: ...? What's wrong?
Narration: *Sensing my gaze, Yumiko looks back over her shoulder with a curious expression.*
Yuuji: Nothing. Just thinking you're really starting to look the part, "Mom"...
Yumiko: Really...? That's nice to hear, I suppose...
Narration: *Something about Yumiko's smile suggests she's happier than her lukewarm response would suggest.*
Narration: *Normally women don't like compliments that remind them of their age, but I think Yumiko's eager to take on the role of a mother... to become part of a real family.*
Yuuji: ...Hopefully I can become a halfway decent father myself before too long.
Yumiko: I think you're already a very fine "Dad," personally.
Yuuji: Well, I'm still not thinking like one. As you pointed out this afternoon...
Yumiko: That's true. A father has to take care of himself a little better than that...
Yumiko: ...You have to be there for him. All right...?
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Yumiko turns back to the dishes. The room falls silent except for the sound of water flowing from the tap.*
Yuuji: (Is that it after all, Yumiko...?)
Narration: *With the words running silently through my mind, I gaze at my wife's back.*
Date: *October 2, 2015, 11:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Yuuji: 28, 29, 30... No problems with the quantity or delivery date.
Narration: *Opening up the small binder dangling around my neck, I flip to a blank form and make a few quick checkmarks.*
Narration: *It's a simple job today: dragging emergency rations for disaster relief out of the warehouse, inspecting their contents, and exchanging them where necessary.*
Narration: *It's also incredibly monotonous. Naturally enough, my mind turns to other things.*
Yuuji: ...Should I say something to Yumiko...?
Narration: *I'm pretty sure that Yumiko's memories of her parents are still weighing on her mind.*
Narration: *It would be easy enough to say something, but I don't know if that's wise. It might only end up making her even unhappier.*
Narration: *So long as she doesn't bring it up first, maybe the kinder thing would be to pretend I haven't noticed.*
Narration: *...But is that really good enough? It certainly doesn't feel... satisfying.*
Man: Kazami-san, you've got a phone call.
Narration: *A coworker slides the office window open and calls out to me from behind.*
Yuuji: ...What, Oishi-san again? Have him talk to the police first, and then we'll...
Narration: *Halfway through my sentence, the young man shakes his head and interrupts.*
Man: Nope, it's from a woman. You know a "Suou-san"?
Yuuji: Suou...? Ah, right, got it. Just tell her I'll call her back.
Man: Sure thing.
Narration: *A little while later, after reaching a good point to take a break, I take out my cell phone and call up the list of contacts.*
Narration: *It's rare for me to use this thing for anything other than talking with Yumiko, but there are a few other numbers in here as well.*
Narration: *Moving the cursor to "Suou Amane," I press the dial button.*
Amane: Hey, Yuuji! Long time no chat. How've you been?
Yuuji: Not bad. But before we "chat," I've got something to say to you.
Amane: Huh? What's that?
Yuuji: Don't call my office. We've been over this before, haven't we?
Yuuji: Knowing you, I'm sure you enjoy making my coworkers wonder why I get calls from a woman other than my wife, but it's a pain in the ass on my end.
Amane: Awww, what's the big deal? You'll shrivel up in no time without a little spicy gossip in your life! I want to keep you burning with youthful passion forever, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...So? Why the call? You need something?
Amane: No real reason to speak of... just figured you'd be getting bored with Yumiko's body by now. Couldn't hurt to get a pinch-hitter lined up, right?
Yuuji: ...Guess they're not keeping you busy enough at that restaurant. I'm going to hang up now.
Amane: Wha, w-wait, wait! Hold yer horses! I was just messin' around, ya know!?
Narration: *Amane's flustered yelp brings my fingers to a halt just before I'm about to end the call.*
Narration: *Must have gotten really worked up... For some reason, she started talking like a certain someone who's been working with her since Mihama Academy shut down. Nice to see they're getting along, I guess.*
Yuuji: It's your own fault for saying that crap to a newly-wed man with a child.
Amane: Oh come onnn, I was just joking around a little, right? Did you pick up that tendency for overreaction from the missus?
Yuuji: That wasn't an overreaction, it was the only appropriate response. Do me a favor and avoid those sorts of jokes in the future.
Amane: Don't say thaaat! I'm spendin' my days plasterin' on fake smiles fer a buncha old men, surely it ain't such a sin to tease a nice young man every once in a blue moon...
Narration: *Trotting out her convenient "poor little country girl" accent, Amane begins a familiar womanly-woe routine.*
Narration: *It's kind of nice to know she hasn't changed at all, but it's also a giant pain in the ass to deal with. I'm left with a wry half-smile on my face.*
Narration: *To be fair, I probably would've just brushed off that kind of stupid joke a couple years ago. But now that I've started a family with Yumiko, I don't want to talk about that sort of thing even as a joke with an old friend.*
Yuuji: Fine, whatever... So how's it going over there, anyway? You two doing all right?
Narration: *A change of topic seems warranted. I switch the focus of the conversation to Amane.*
Narration: *She's been spending pretty much all of her time helping out at her family's traditional restaurant, as the first step to eventually taking over the business. Sounds like it's been especially busy lately, but they're hanging in there.*
Narration: *Of course, all our former classmates from Mihama Academy are off living their own lives as well.*
Yuuji: Sounds like things are going pretty well on the whole...
Amane: Yep... So how about you, Yuuji? Smooth sailing at work and home?
Yuuji: That's right, very smooth...
Narration: *With the words halfway out of my mouth, I find myself hesitating.*
Amane: Something wrong, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Not really...
Narration: *Back when the two of us were still on the run, I did tell Amane a little about Yumiko's past.*
Narration: *And although I never learned the details, I know Amane's carrying scars from her past as well. She just might have some useful insight to offer.*
Yuuji: Hey, Amane... there's something I wanted to ask you about, if that's all right.
Amane: Why so formal all of a sudden? Hoho... Maybe that little dig about your sex life actually hit a sore spot? Hmmm?
Yuuji: ...I'm trying to have a serious discussion here, Amane.
Amane: Geez, what a kill joy... All right then. What's this about?
Narration: *Clearly noticing my serious tone of voice, she finally stops screwing around.*
Yuuji: So here's the thing...
Amane: ...I see. So you think Yumiko's still...?
Amane: Well, the past doesn't just go away that easily, does it? Yeah, of course not...
Narration: *While I was talking, Amane simply repeated "Uh-huh" in a thoughtful tone of voice, as if comparing the story against her own experience.*
Amane: I'm not completely sure either, but... maybe Yumiko's hoping you'll bring it up, Yuuji?
Yuuji: You think...?
Amane: She probably wants to talk about it, but since she decided to run away with you back then, it'd be really hard for her to come out and say anything...
Narration: *Yumiko and I chose to run away from Sakaki Michiaki instead of facing him.*
Narration: *Talking about her lingering regrets regarding her father might be taken as an admission she's unhappy about the choice we made. You could twist that into a criticism of me, or a sign of dissatisfaction with our life together.*
Narration: *...Considering Yumiko's personality, it seems very plausible she's keeping quiet out of fear I'll take it the wrong way.*
Amane: I dunno, though. Sorry if I'm totally off-base.
Yuuji: ...No, you were a big help. Thanks.
Narration: *After ending my call with Amane, I just stand there for a while, lost in thought.*
Narration: *We have a happy life. As long as Yumiko's with me, I don't need anything else. And I think she feels the same.*
Narration: *But if we continue to ignore her regrets entirely, I think the shadow of the family she lost is going to linger over her for a very long time.*
Narration: *Maybe that's inevitable either way. Maybe that's the price we have to pay for running away. Still, that doesn't mean I can just turn a blind eye.*
Yuuji: Guess it's worth asking...
Narration: *Opening my cell phone once more, I move the cursor to my most commonly called number and hit the dial button.*
Yumiko: The wind feels nice, doesn't it?
Narration: *A cool sea breeze takes the edge off the late-summer heat.*
Narration: *These unseasonably warm days are going to be continuing for a while, but once the sun starts to fall there's a hint of chill in the air.*
Narration: *The seasons pass so quickly that it's almost scary.*
Yumiko: So what brought this on? You're not usually one for detours, Yuuji. I was a bit surprised.
Narration: *The reason I called Yumiko earlier was to propose we take a walk after meeting up this evening, instead of heading straight home as usual.*
Narration: *Yumiko seemed a little puzzled at first, but agreed easily enough.*
Yuuji: Well, just wanted to make a little time for us to talk, I guess...
Narration: *Watching my wife's long hair fluttering in the wind, I finally broach the topic I've been avoiding for so long.*
Yuuji: Yumiko, I've been wondering...
Yuuji: ...Do you really have no regrets?
Yumiko: Regrets... about what?
Yuuji: I'm talking about your father.
Yumiko: Wha...?
Yuuji: It's been on my mind for a while now. When you talk about me and our son, sometimes it seems like you're seeing someone else as well...
Yumiko: ...What? No, I... That's not...
Yumiko: ...I mean, I made a choice, didn't I...?
Narration: *All of a sudden, there's a deeply guilty look on her face.*
Narration: *Looks like Amane was right. Yumiko was worried about admitting her feelings.*
Yuuji: ...I'm not criticizing you, Yumiko. If anything, I've been feeling a little guilty myself. I'm the one who made this happen, after all.
Yumiko: Yuuji... Don't say that...
Yuuji: Would you like to see your father again? I don't know how long it will take, but if that's what you want, I'll try to make it happen. Please be honest.
Narration: *Once again, I turn and gaze straight at Yumiko.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *A familiar, beautiful face looks back at me, illuminated by the setting sun.*
Yumiko: ...I can't hide anything from you, can I...?
Narration: *Yumiko murmurs those words in a pensive tone, then bends down and reaches a hand inside the stroller I've been pushing along.*
Narration: *Stroking the head of our son affectionately, she continues in a quiet voice.*
Yumiko: It's so strange. I hated that man so very much... but the more I look at this boy, the more I find myself remembering him...
Yuuji: So then...?
Yumiko: Yes... if it were possible, I'd like to have a real conversation with him. Even if it's only the once. But I thought it would be wrong of me to say that, so I've been holding back...
Narration: *She looks up at me and smiles.*
Yumiko: Believe me, I'm very happy with you and this child. I'd much, much rather forget all the rest than risk damaging what we have...
Yumiko: ...But if there was some way to end the bitterness... a way that didn't mean losing our happiness...
Yumiko: ...Then I think I'd like to see my father again.
Narration: *There's so much strength in Yumiko's eyes right now. More than I ever would've thought possible from her.*
Narration: *This isn't anything like that sharp but fragile mask she always used to wear. It's the expression of someone with a firm will and courage to spare.*
Narration: *They do say women get a bit of steel in their spine after becoming a mother. And looking at Yumiko's face, I find myself agreeing.*
Yuuji: Understood. Sorry for dragging it out of you. I know that was hard to say.
Yumiko: That's all right... In fact, I want to thank you, Yuuji. I'm always making you worry about me...
Narration: *But after another gentle smile, her expression grows slightly gloomy.*
Yumiko: That said... it's easier said than done, isn't it...?
Narration: *The search may have been discontinued, but that doesn't mean Michiaki's eager to reconcile with his disobedient daughter, let alone the man who carried her off.*
Yuuji: It might be difficult right now, to be honest. But that might change with time.
Narration: *Things that seem permanent can change with surprising swiftness when the right moment arrives. Just as our fugitive life abruptly came to an end, someday we might be able to put this bitterness behind us.*
Narration: *Right now, the passage of time is our greatest ally.*
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right... That might be all we need...
Narration: *I bend down and peer into the stroller.*
Narration: *Our son, too young even to speak, is sleeping peacefully inside.*
Narration: *Stroking his cheek very softly, I speak to Yumiko.*
Yuuji: ...We might already have a potential peacemaker.
Yumiko: Our child...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *No matter where you go, people love to dote on their grandchildren.*
Narration: *It might be a little much to expect that cold-hearted capitalist to transform into a smiling, genial old man once he lays eyes on his grandson, but somehow, I think there might be cause for hope.*
Narration: *I haven't forgotten that story JB told me on the day our life as fugitives ended.*
Narration: *Depending on how you look at it, that might've been an act of mercy. The greatest possible kindness Michiaki could've shown his daughter.*
Narration: *Naturally, I'm not planning to act based on the most optimistic possible interpretation. Still... I can't help thinking there was some real compassion in that decision.*
Narration: *I'm not sure exactly why I feel that way, but I think I have a vague idea.*
Narration: *It's got something to do with the way I've changed... the way Yumiko and our child have changed me. That ugly, impenetrable black fog inside me has been thinning out these last few years. Now and again, I can even make out a beam of light.*
Yuuji: Thank you, Yumiko...
Yumiko: Huh...? Where did that come from all of a sudden?
Yuuji: Well... nowhere in particular.
Yumiko: ...?
Narration: *I stroke my puzzled wife's head affectionately, then begin to walk slowly along, gazing up at the pale red evening sky stretching out above us.*
Narration: *"Family" wasn't always a word that meant much to me. For a long time, there was nothing but a gaping void where that part of me should've been.*
Narration: *But in meeting Yumiko and sharing my life with her, I've started to discover small fragments of what I lacked for so long.*
Narration: *Sakaki Michiaki ignored his family, threw his wife aside, and tried to use his daughter as a tool. And in his own way, I think he's a hollow, lonely man. Not so different from how I used to be.*
Narration: *I don't know how long it will take, but maybe one day I can tell Sakaki Michiaki what I've learned.*
Narration: *About the part of him he never even knew was missing―*

Date: *August 31, 2012, 23:30*
Narration: *The car advances steadily down the dark, unlit road.*
Narration: *Eventually, the rough country lane under our headlights gives way to a paved road, and the scenery around us starts to suggest the work of human hands.*
Narration: *The dream-like world's behind us now. We've been dragged back into reality.*
Yumiko: ...How much longer until we reach our destination...?
Narration: *Glancing briefly at the GPS mounted next to the wheel, I do a little mental arithmetic.*
Yuuji: Another thirty minutes or so. There shouldn't be much traffic after this, so maybe a little earlier.
Yumiko: I see...
Narration: *A tinge of barely-suppressed uneasiness in her voice, Yumiko says that and nothing more.*
Narration: *The hand resting in her lap forcefully grips the fabric of her skirt, trembling ever so slightly.*
Yuuji: Feeling anxious?
Yumiko: Well, I... It's reassuring to have you with me, Yuuji. But considering what we're up against...
Narration: *After all that running and hiding, we're suddenly confronting our enemy head-on. Can hardly blame the girl for being a little unsettled.*
Narration: *For all her anger, Yumiko was only able to resist her father through self-imposed isolation until now. This must feel like something of a suicide mission.*
Yuuji: Don't worry. It's going to be fine.
Narration: *Taking one hand from the steering wheel, I reach down to Yumiko's lap and clasp her shaking hand.*
Narration: *After a few strokes of my fingers against her white knuckles, that tense fist finally relaxes a little.*
Yumiko: Okay... But you still haven't told me what comes next, Yuuji. How on earth are we going to fight...?
Narration: *After our mutual choice to confront Sakaki Michiaki, I promptly got in contact with JB, after which Yumiko and I laid low for a few days.*
Narration: *And yesterday, I received the call I'd been waiting for. Yumiko and I set out in a rented car, but I still haven't told her the details of our plan as of yet.*
Yuuji: Well, I said "fight," but it would be a little too reckless to crash through the front door of a massive corporation and start kicking the furniture around.
Yumiko: So then... what are we going to do?
Narration: *I ease to a stop at a red light.*
Narration: *For a moment, there's no sound except for our car's idling engine and the murmuring AM radio I left on for traffic reports.*
Yuuji: Before we get to that... if we're going to pick a fight, don't you think we're a little low on manpower at the moment?
Yumiko: Huh...? W-Well, yes. Now that you mention it, that's probably true...
Narration: *The sudden question leaves Yumiko bemused.*
Yuuji: Right now, we're heading to the place where our allies are waiting.
Yumiko: Our allies...?
Yuuji: That's right... A handful of people who're willing to fight the world with us.
Narration: *The light changes to green. A step behind the black minivan next to us in the passing lane, I ease forward into the intersection.*
Narration: *Our small silver van, bathing in faint moonlight, speeds earnestly down the all-but empty national road.*
Narration: *Surrounded by darkness, that pale glint of light doggedly pushes forward, pursuing a single thread of hope.*
Yuuji: We're here... The final battlefield, so to speak.
Narration: *Climbing quickly out of the car, I wait for Yumiko to follow.*
Narration: *As she steps down from the passenger seat, the girl looks up at the dark building in front of us, her mouth hanging open in shock.*
Yumiko: What...!? T-This is...!!
Narration: *Looking at my face, then at the building, then back at my face, Yumiko stutters out a few flustered words.*
Narration: *Paying her no mind, I stride forward and push open a familiar door for the first time in a good year.*
Yuuji: ...Sure has been a while...
Narration: *Normally, returning after a year's absence wouldn't be enough to inspire that much emotion.*
Narration: *But then again, considering all the dramatic changes that have transformed our lives since leaving this place, maybe it's only natural that I'd get a little nostalgic.*
Yumiko: ...It's not another place that just looks exactly the same, is it?
Narration: *But just as those words of disbelief leave Yumiko's mouth...*
Narration: *The sound of rapid footsteps approaches quickly from the far side of the lobby.*
Amane: Yuuji! Long time no seeeee!!!
Yuuji: Whoa!
Narration: *Before I can even turn around, a human missile barrels into my side and tackles me to the ground.*
Amane: It's Yuuji, it's Yuuuuji, it's the real thing...
Yuuji: ...Look, woman, couldn't you manage a slightly more normal hello?
Amane: But it really has been sooo long...! Mwaaaaah...
Yuuji: Stop sucking on my damn cheek! Yumiko's going to...
Narration: *Squirming under Amane's embrace, I manage to move my face just enough to look up at Yumiko.*
Yumiko: ......!!
Narration: *As expected, she's staring down at our co-ed professional wrestling match with an expression halfway between astonishment and fury.*
Amane: Whoops, sowwy! Looks like I made the princess a little sulky...
Yuuji: Just get off already. It's hard to breathe with those great fat tits pressing down on my chest.
Amane: What, seriously? Well, guess that makes sense. Mine are probably a little heavier than what you're used to these days, hmm?
Yumiko: ......!!!!
Yuuji: Look, Amane...
Amane: Oh, c'mooon! She got to monopolize you for an entire year, right? Surely I'm entitled to a friendly hug or two...
Narration: *With great difficulty, I finally manage to pry Amane off me.*
Yumiko: H-Honestly, what the... What on earth is going on here...?
Narration: *As I clamber to my feet, Yumiko's angry glare gives way once more an expression of sheer confusion. Amane's sudden assault might've been surprising, but not nearly so much as our return to Mihama Academy itself.*
Sachi: Kazami-san, Sakaki-san, welcome back... It's very nice to see you again.
Makina: Man, ya just call up alluva sudden and announce yer comin' back today!? We were hella surprised!
Yuuji: Yeah, sorry about that. I'll explain the circumstances later.
Narration: *Sachi and Makina, looking completely unchanged from a year ago, make their appearance.*
Michiru: I'm hooome. Yeah, yeah, there wasn't anything suspicious going on in the neighborhood today either! Sachi, how's dinner com...
Michiru: Whuh, Yuuji!? Yumiko!? You came back? Today? Why!? When!?
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama, I'm fairly certain we mentioned this before you left...
Makina: Ain't no point tellin' that bird-brain anything right before she goes for walksies, ya know?
Michiru: Excuse me! Nobody told me anything about this! I think! Probably! Wait, bird-brain!? And it wasn't "walksies!" I was on patrol, okay!?
Sachi: Yes, we're fully aware that you were out doing the rounds, Michiru-sama. Your efforts are greatly appreciated. Also, dinner is indeed ready. It's croquettes tonight.
Michiru: Oh, t-thanks... Right, good, that's all I wanted to hear!  ...Uh, wait. I feel like I'm forgetting something...
Michiru: That's right! Yuuji! Yumiko! Why did you two come back all of a sudden!? Huh!?
Yuuji: ...Your mind works in interesting ways, Michiru. As always.
Narration: *I find myself smiling at the nostalgic farce playing out before my eyes.*
Narration: *On the other hand, Yumiko's too stunned even to speak.*
Narration: *The expression on her face suggests an ongoing internal debate as to whether this is reality or some kind of dream.*
Yumiko: Y-Yuuji...
Narration: *Finally, she reaches out tentatively and gives the sleeve of my shirt a little tug.*
Yumiko: W-Will you please tell me what's going on here...?
Yumiko: We're back in the dorm all of a sudden, and everyone's here, and you're all saying things I can't even understand... Am I the only one who's completely in the dark here...?
Narration: *Not even sure where to begin asking questions, Yumiko lets her confusion spill out in a somewhat jumbled stream of words.*
Amane: Huh? Wait, Yuuji, did you just waltz on back here without explaining anything to Sakaki-san?
Narration: *Amane raises an eyebrow in surprise.*
Yuuji: Well, more or less. There was a lot going on... Didn't find the time to explain.
Sachi: In that case... one can hardly blame Sakaki-san for being rather flustered.
Makina: Alrighty then, let's go to Onii-chan's room and talk it out! Also, I'm hungry!
Sachi: Yes. Why don't we have our strategy meeting over dinner, then?
Amane: Yep, sounds good. C'mon, Michiru, don't just stand around scratching your head. Let's eat.
Michiru: Huh... what was it again...? Dinner... strategy...? Uhhh...
Narration: *Although we're probably just making Yumiko even more confused right now, for the time being we decide to regroup in the management room... In other words, my former residence.*
Yuuji: All right... Where should I even begin?
Narration: *After everyone's settled down inside the room, I pause to collect my thoughts.*
Narration: *I've actually taken quite a number of steps without Yumiko's knowledge. And in some cases, matters are tangled enough that explaining systematically might prove challenging.*
Yumiko: ...If you're not sure, may I begin by asking you something?
Yuuji: Makes sense. Clearing up your questions should make things nice and comprehensible.
Yumiko: All right then. First of all, I want to know about this place. Why is the Academy still open? And why are all of you still living here?
Yuuji: From the question, I'm assuming you thought this school was going to be shut down?
Narration: *Yumiko nods.*
Yumiko: I mean... I don't like to put it this way, but that man created this place entirely because of me.
Yuuji: When you disappeared, so did the meaning for its existence... That your line of thought?
Yumiko: Exactly. It's been bothering me ever since we arrived... Everyone's still here, even Suou-san, and she would've graduated by now. I just don't understand...
Narration: *The super-senior in question responds with a bright, casual smile.*
Amane: Well, after the two of you went on the run, there was some talk about that...
Narration: *Sachi nods and follows up Amane's interruption with a comment of her own.*
Sachi: They showed us my mini velo and implied that we were suspected of conspiring in your escape.
Yuuji: I really am sorry about that. Must've been a real headache.
Michiru: No kidding! You've got no idea how much trouble I went through!
Makina: Uh, Chiruchiru, you didn't do a friggin' thing.
Amane: ...Maybe you could stop butting into the conversation every time something pops into your head, okay?
Michiru: Oh, shaddup! It wasn't any fun for me either...
Yuuji: I'm going to get back on topic now... The suspicion that they helped arrange our escape was cleared up eventually. Soon afterward, the principal informed everyone the school would be closing its doors.
Amane: But nobody liked the idea of leaving you and Yuuji without any place to come back to... So we used the principal as a go-between and managed to persuade them to let us stay behind.
Yumiko: How on earth did you manage that...?
Sachi: So long as this place itself remained, and we were allowed to remain living here, there was always a possibility you two might return. That was the primary argument the principal made on our behalf.
Makina: Basically, we had Chizuchizu act like she was settin' a trap here.
Amane: It more or less worked. They decided to keep the dorm and school around for the moment... Well, I guess we did have some strange people loitering around the area for a while, but that got less common as time passed.
Yumiko: So that's why Matsushima-san was on "patrol" before...?
Michiru: Nnwah!? Ah, r-right, yeah! It's a very important duty and all. Ahahaha!
Amane: ...Y'got some nerve bragging after completely forgetting it was your turn today.
Sachi: Michiru-sama... don't worry. I shall always be at your side...
Michiru: Oh, come on! So I slept in a little, big deal! Also, Sachi, stop treating me like a charity case!
Yuuji: ...Anyway, I think that basically covers your first question. Make sense?
Yumiko: Yes... All right then, I'm going to get to the main subject. How are we going to "confront" that man? I assume we've returned here for a reason...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Of course.
Narration: *Instead of continuing, I turn to Sachi and nod.*
Narration: *Sachi indicates her understanding with a moment of eye contact, then opens the notebook PC she's been holding and turns it to face us.*
Narration: *A spreadsheet program appears on the screen, with a list of names in the first column and thick blocks of detailed information stretching out to the side.*
Yumiko: ...What's this?
Narration: *Yumiko looks it over for a moment, then glances at me with a confused expression on her face.*
Yuuji: Before explaining that... let me ask you a question, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: Why has your father... Sakaki Michiaki been pursuing you so doggedly in the first place?
Yumiko: What do you mean, why...? Because he wants his own flesh and blood to inherit the company... Someone he can control like a puppet even after his retirement.
Yumiko: This was never really about "getting his daughter back" or what have you. He's mainly interested in securing a new tool.
Narration: *I nod deeply. *
Yuuji: ...That's right. Sakaki Michiaki leads the East Beach group, and he wants to make you into his puppet. Those are the two facts that caused this situation.
Yumiko: That's certainly true... but what's the point of going back over this now...?
Yuuji: You don't see where I'm going here?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...You can't be suggesting we remove the man from his position...?
Sachi: That's exactly what we're suggesting, Sakaki-san!
Narration: *Yumiko shakes her head back and forth in disbelief.*
Yumiko: T-That's ridiculous. Removing him as president would require a vote from the board of directors! How could we possibly even...
Sachi: ...Would you please take a look at this?
Narration: *Once again, Sachi gestures toward the screen of her notebook computer.*
Sachi: All of the Group's voting stock is possessed by a single holding company known as "East Beach Holdings."
Sachi: And the shareholders in that holding company itself break down like so...
Narration: *With a click on the trackpad, she flips from the dense spreadsheet to an easily-comprehensible pie graph.*
Sachi: Because of the group's heavy investment in public transport, the Ministry of Infrastructure holds some 30%. The rest is fragmented between utilities, banks, insurance companies, and construction firms. Several own about 10%.
Sachi: Mr. Sakaki Michiaki himself, the central figure in all this, personally possesses only a few percent.
Michiru: ...Hey, Makina, what's Sachi even talking about? Seriously, what?
Makina: Don't worry yer pretty little head about that. Here, why don'tcha gnaw away on that fish sausage for a while?
Yumiko: All right, I roughly understand the distribution of stock. But I'm still not sure how that's relevant to the matter we were discussing earlier.
Sachi: At Kazami-san's request, we've been chipping away at the foundation of your father's authority.
Yumiko: The foundation? By which you mean... the major shareholders?
Amane: Well, it feels a little awkward saying this to your face, but your dad seems to have inspired more than his fair share of grudges over the years.
Makina: We were expectin' it to be a real uphill climb, but things actually went surprisin'ly smoothly!
Sachi: Indeed. Although some fairly risky gambles were necessary, the information I gathered on Kazami-san's orders proved sufficient to unify a significant opposition faction.
Michiru: ...I don't really get any of this, but I'm making a mental note to stay on your good side...
Narration: *...Well, I can't disagree with Michiru on that one.*
Sachi: That said, the most I could contribute was a bit of strategic sneaking around. Exerting significant influence on the internal politics of such an enormous enterprise was beyond my capabilities.
Yumiko: I'd imagine so... In that case, how on earth...?
Narration: *As Yumiko's face fills with questions, I lightly drop a hand onto the crown of her head.*
Yuuji: ...And that's why JB and I arranged a few things behind the scenes.
Yumiko: You and... Harudera-san...? How long have you been...?
Yuuji: Since right after our initial escape.
Yumiko: T-That long ago...?
Narration: *One year ago, Yumiko and I chose to flee together.*
Narration: *At the time, I said we were going to look for an answer, not just run away.*
Narration: *And just as those words might suggest, I began a quiet search from the shadows, seeking a way for Yumiko to earn genuine freedom.*
Chiara: ...So that would be our current estimate of the opposition faction and its potential sympathizers.
Yuuji: I see... With a little prodding, we really might stand a chance.
Narration: *To eliminate the problem posed by Sakaki Michiaki, we need only deprive him of power.*
Narration: *It didn't take long for me reach that simplistic conclusion, but as a fugitive with only a few students for allies, there didn't seem to be a practical way of making it happen.*
Narration: *That changed, surprisingly enough, with a furtive proposal from JB.*
Narration: *Sakaki Michiaki had meddled directly in Ichigaya's internal affairs in this matter, inspiring widespread resentment. Certain higher-ups had directly authorized an attempt to arrange his dismissal.*
Narration: *However, JB was in frequent contact with Sakaki Michiaki as our liaison; it was too dangerous for her to take any direct action. I was assigned her direct subordinate, a woman named Chiara, to assist in planning the coup.*
Chiara: We still don't have a majority at present. The framework is there, but we need to strengthen our collaborators without tipping off the enemy.
Yuuji: Right. I've already explained matters to the others at the dorm. Go ahead and get in contact with them as well.
Chiara: Understood.
Narration: *To our extreme good fortune, there was already what JB called a "hostile internal power" operating inside the East Beach ownership, and it didn't prove difficult to make them into our allies.*
Narration: *In any case, we carried our complex preparations forward carefully but steadily, aiming to arrange a day of reckoning. Not that I mentioned any of that to Yumiko at the time.*
Yuuji: ...Not too long ago, we finally managed to secure a majority for the opposition faction.
Narration: *I take out my cell phone and hold it up for Yumiko to see.*
Yuuji: ...You know how we hid out for a few days before coming here?
Yumiko: Did that... have something to do with this as well?
Yuuji: Just stalling for time while our allies called an extraordinary general meeting. Agenda's pretty simple: a resolution for a certain board member's dismissal.
Yumiko: Dismissal...?
Yuuji: That's right. We're going to have Sakaki Michiaki removed from the board of directors.
Yumiko: Removed from the board... Wait, so if that's approved, he'll lose his role as representative as well...?
Yuuji: Exactly. You can't be the representative director of a stock company... its "President"... if you're not even a director.
Narration: *I snap open my cell phone and type out a series of digits.*
Narration: *It's the same number Yumiko called from a public telephone about a week ago, on the verge of giving up hope.*
Narration: *The same call that nearly meant our defeat. But this time...*
Yuuji: ...It's a declaration of war.
Yumiko: ......!
Michiaki: ...Who is this? And what time do you think it is? This had better be good...
Narration: *In response to Michiaki's surly greeting, I firmly and clearly announce myself.*
Yuuji: This is Kazami Yuuji.
Narration: *From the other end of the line, the man audibly catches his breath.*
Michiaki: ...What... was that...?
Narration: *All of a sudden, Michiaki shifts into an entirely different gear. There's obvious tension in his voice.*
Michiaki: Is that really you!? Where are you right now!? Answer me!
Yuuji: I'm inside the prison you built.
Michiaki: The prison...?
Narration: *After considering this for the briefest of moments, Michiaki responds with a shout.*
Michiaki: ...Mihama Academy!? You wandered brazenly back after all this time!?
Yuuji: Hoh, you're good at guessing games. But then again, I suppose that one wasn't too much of a leap for you, was it?
Michiaki: Shut up! Yumiko's there as well, isn't she...?
Yuuji: That's right. She's standing right next to me.
Michiaki: ......!!
Yuuji: If you want her back, come to the Mihama Academy dorm at ten tomorrow morning. We'll talk then.
Michiaki: ...Ten AM...? Are you aware of what's taking place tomorrow morning...?
Yuuji: I don't see any reason I should answer that question... But in general, President Sakaki, I'd encourage you to tread carefully.
Narration: *I abruptly end the call, not bothering to answer Michiaki's question.*
Narration: *Yumiko's still staring at me in slack-jawed astonishment. I turn to face her and deliver a reassuring little thump on the shoulder.*
Yuuji: ...There, we've got our actors and our stage. Now it's just a matter of waiting for the curtain to rise.
Michiaki: Answer me, damn it! Hello!? Hello!?!
Michiaki: ......
Michiaki: Kuh...!!
Michiaki: It's me. We're heading back to the company immediately! Yes, that's right, there's been a new development concerning Yumiko's kidnapping. Also, make emergency contact with Ichigaya! Right now!
Michiaki: That's right, Harudera. Get the Major General to drag that sly little spy over here!
Michiaki: There's a possibility this is connected to the general meeting tomorrow as well. Get moving before they can run away on us! Understood!?
Narration: *After completing our thorough explanation for Yumiko, we begin a final review of our plans for tomorrow.*
Yuuji: Yumiko and I will handle the actual discussion with her father. Everyone else, focus on gathering information.
Amane: Roger.
Makina: ...That, Cap'n!
Yuuji: Sachi, I'd like you with us as a point of contact in case something we need to know about happens. Michiru, can you patrol the area starting early tomorrow morning and keep an eye out for any suspicious movements?
Sachi: Yes, certainly.
Michiru: Gotcha.
Yuuji: ...All right. We'll gather in the lobby at nine o'clock tomorrow morning. Same goes if there's any sign of movement before then. Let's finish the job, everyone. Dismissed.
Narration: *With that, everyone except Yumiko nods and gets to their feet.*
Narration: *Since we've been preparing for this well in advance, there aren't any questions or objections now.*
Narration: *All that's left is to assume our roles and see how it all plays out tomorrow.*
Yumiko: U-Uhm...!
Narration: *Yumiko calls out to stop us, and the others turn back to face her.*
Yumiko: This is all quite sudden, so, uhm, there's a lot I haven't quite processed yet... but I do understand that all of you have been taking risks on my behalf...
Yumiko: I'm really very sor―
Narration: *Just as the words start to leave Yumiko's mouth, Amane raises a hand to interrupt.*
Amane: ...I don't think that's something to be sorry for, is it?
Yumiko: Huh...?
Makina: Yer gonna make Onii-chan mad if that's th' best ya can do.
Sachi: Indeed. I don't believe we've done anything that warrants an apology.
Michiru: What she said. I'd rather hear "thank you" after the fact than "sorry" now.
Narration: *Yumiko looks at everyone's face in turn, her expression still shadowed with guilt.*
Amane: Well, that said, it's definitely a little premature for any thank-yous. Why don't we put all that aside for now and have a nice long talk once this is over?
Yumiko: Suou-san...
Amane: We got split up before everybody could really make friends with you, Sakaki-san. So this time... let's work on that, okay?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Even after our classmates leave, a conflicted expression lingers on Yumiko's face.*
Narration: *I can see a complex mixture of gratitude, guilt, and anxiety in her eyes. On the whole, it would be fair to say the girl's still somewhat unsettled at the moment.*
Narration: *It's hard to blame her after how rapidly events have developed in the last few hours. But even so, tomorrow she's going to have to confront the thing that's been holding her back all this time.*
Date: *September 1, 2012, 01:00 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Yumiko: ...Yuuji, are you still awake...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Having trouble sleeping?
Yumiko: Yes...
Narration: *I decided to have Yumiko sleep in my room tonight, for security reasons if nothing else.*
Narration: *It's been a while since we turned off the lights and got in bed, but there's no hint of drowsiness in her voice.*
Yumiko: Yuuji... do you really think we can win?
Narration: *Her uneasy words echo inside the dark, quiet room.*
Yuuji: If I didn't, I never would've asked you that question in the first place.
Yumiko: Really...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Compared to risking everything on a thoughtless bet, running away and keeping our heads down would've been the clear choice. Much less risk involved.
Narration: *I hear clothes rustling softly on Yumiko's side of the bed. We've been lying down with our backs turned to each other, but it sounds as though she's turned to face me.*
Yumiko: Of course... I'm sorry. You always think things through for my sake, don't you...
Narration: *She pauses for a moment, then sighs softly.*
Yumiko: And it's not just you. Our classmates were working to help me all this time... All that for someone who's been of no use whatsoever...
Yumiko: Even though you've set the stage for me like this, I'm still so afraid it's all I can do not to run away...
Yuuji: Yumiko, don't you remember what I told you at the very beginning?
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: I thought I was pretty clear about this when I coaxed you out of that airplane. Nobody needs your guilt or apologies. Try gratitude.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: All you have to think about right now is breaking away from your father and the Sakaki house. Once you get your freedom, show your appreciation to the people who helped you. That's all the repayment we need...
Yumiko: I wonder if I'll ever be able to manage that...
Yuuji: Of course you will. You've made your own decisions for the last year, Yumiko. You've grown. Have a little confidence in yourself.
Yumiko: ...Yes... I s-suppose you're right...
Yumiko: Suou-san said the same thing, didn't she...? A proper thank-you... would be the least I can do...
Narration: *My words seem to have at least some effect, as Yumiko mumbles vaguely encouraging words to herself.*
Narration: *There's another rustling sound from the other side of the bed. She seems to have turned away from me once more.*
Narration: *...It's not like I'm absolutely confident about our chances myself. And I'm sure as hell not qualified to be pompously preaching at Yumiko like this.*
Narration: *The words I spoke just now were directed to myself as much as her. An attempt to persuade a coward to stand and fight for once in his life.*
Yumiko: Yuuji, I have a favor to ask.
Narration: *Before too long, Yumiko speaks to me again.*
Yuuji: Sure. Go ahead.
Yumiko: I won't snivel and whine anymore. I'll stand up to that man... for the others, for you, and for myself. So...
Narration: *She hesitates for a moment, then continues slowly.*
Yumiko: ...I don't want to think this is our last chance. But tomorrow's all we have left... so tonight, I want you to sleep with me.
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: I want to remind myself just one last time... that you're a precious, irreplaceable presence in my life. I want to confirm those feelings... physically...
Narration: *This time, I'm the one who flips over in bed.*
Narration: *Yumiko's trembling slightly; even from behind, it's obvious that she's forcing herself to be brave.*
Narration: *First, I gently place a reassuring hand on her shoulder.*
Yuuji: ...Understood. Just promise me one thing first.
Yumiko: Huh...? What do you want me to...?
Yuuji: Promise me you won't think of this as the last time. We're going to be together for the rest of our lives, all right? That's a promise. Don't even let yourself think otherwise...
Narration: *Yumiko's back shivers again, just a little.*
Narration: *She sniffles once before responding. Think I'll pretend not to notice the hint of suppressed tears in her voice...*
Yumiko: Yes... Of course, Yuuji...
Narration: *Letting the tension drain from her body, Yumiko opens herself to me.*
Yumiko: Don't hold back this time... Make me forget everything else...
Yuuji: Works for me.
Narration: *With a nod, I slip my arms around her.*

Narration: *Even after we've thoroughly confirmed our mutual feelings, Yumiko and I continue talking for a long time.*
Narration: *Making love seems to have eased the girl's earlier uncertainty somewhat. Her voice has regained something of its usual calm.*
Yumiko: I've been thinking about that man.
Yuuji: ...Sakaki Michiaki?
Narration: *Yumiko nods slightly against her pillow.*
Yumiko: I've hated that man for a very long time. I still hate him, even now... but it's almost frightening how little I actually know about him.
Narration: *From what Yumiko says, the man known as Sakaki Michiaki doesn't enjoy discussing his past in any detail.*
Narration: *Any reader of economic magazines or websites can find an outline of his impressive academic background and professional accomplishments. But there's virtually nothing to be found on the more personal aspects of his life.*
Narration: *Even the sexual scandals Yumiko described have been largely scrubbed from the narrative. For so little to be known about such a public figure suggests a concentrated effort to scare off or manipulate the media.*
Narration: *All I've found is a loose sketch of the man's personality, repeated again and again: For the sake of expanding his corporate empire, Sakaki Michiaki will do absolutely anything.*
Yuuji: Wonder if something happened when he was younger...
Narration: *Human beings are shaped by their childhood experiences more than anything else.*
Narration: *Even Yumiko doesn't know much about that part of her father's life, but there must've been something that made him into the ruthless obsessive he is today.*
Yumiko: I believe in you, Yuuji. But that man still frightens me...
Narration: *Yumiko seems to shrink a little as she draws close to me.*
Yumiko: We'll be all right, won't we...?
Yuuji: Of course. Rest assured.
Narration: *Embracing Yumiko with one arm, I run my hand through her hair, then stroke her cheek.*
Narration: *And a few minutes after her trembling finally dies down, a peaceful drowsiness settles over us both.*
Date: *September 1, 2012, 02:30 - East Beach President's Office*
Michiaki: ...You're here.
JB: ...Yes. Not that I particularly want to be, but I was told there's something of an emergency.
Michiaki: Kazami Yuuji's gotten in touch.
JB: Yes, I've been informed of the situation.
Michiaki: That washed-up child soldier of yours actually had the nerve to threaten me... He demanded I personally visit that godforsaken city tomorrow morning to negotiate.
JB: I must apologize yet again for the actions of my former subordinate. I'll proceed to the site immediately and attempt to negotiate a...
Michiaki: You can spare me the song and dance, Harudera-san.
JB: ...As I've repeatedly stated, I'm not involved in the kidnapping of your daughter in any way. Was the proof we've submitted to that effect insufficient somehow?
Michiaki: You intend to play dumb until the bitter end, eh...? Well, no matter. For the time being, you're going to sit in a corner and behave yourself until the matter's resolved.
Michiaki: ...Do it.
Man　A+B: Yes...!
JB: ...! President Sakaki, what is the meaning of this? You have no right to restrain me! This is an unjustified act of aggression against our...
Michiaki: I have your superior's authorization, of course. Officially, you've been invited to spend the night here. Feel free to say anything you want after the fact... I'll make sure no one listens.
JB: ......
Michiaki: ...I don't know what you people are planning, but I can't allow the Sakaki family's ambitions to be crushed by a petty rebellion like this. I'll eliminate that soldier brat and take Yumiko back whether you like it or not.
JB: ...Unfortunately, sir, I don't have the slightest idea what you're talking about.
Michiaki: You military types really are admirably loyal to your missions... It's unfortunate that attitude didn't rub off on your subordinate.
Michiaki: The woman might try to contact them somehow. Toss her in a basement where she won't get any reception.
Man　A+B: ...Yes.
Michiaki: ...Consider yourself lucky. At least you'll be going home alive when this is over.
Michiaki: That man... would no doubt have been a great deal more "thorough"...
Date: *September 1, 2012, 05:00 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *By the time the morning light against my eyelids wakes me, Yumiko's already gotten out of bed and dressed herself.*
Narration: *Noticing me stir, she turns back to face the bed.*
Yumiko: Good morning, Yuuji.
Narration: *Her voice is clear and dignified. There's no hint of the weakness or fear from last night.*
Narration: *It sounds as though she's steeled herself for what's coming.*
Yuuji: Yeah, morning.
Narration: *I roll out of bed and quickly begin my own preparations.*
Date: *September 1, 2012, 09:00*
Narration: *A little while later, everyone's gathered in the lobby just as we arranged yesterday evening.*
Narration: *There's one hour before our appointment with Michiaki. Time we'll use to make a few final preparations.*
Amane: Just about time, isn't it...? Makina, did you get the back door barricaded?
Makina: Sacchin and I forty-fyed it real good!
Sachi: Even if an intruder should break in by force, we'll know immediately.
Yuuji: Well, this isn't going to be a siege battle, but it never hurts to cover all your bases. Stay on your toes. How's it going on your end, Sachi?
Narration: *Sachi responds without taking her eyes off the screen of her laptop.*
Sachi: All's well so far. The extraordinary general meeting appears to have begun just as scheduled.
Narration: *At a glance, there's nothing odd visible from the video feed of the conference room she's monitoring.*
Yuuji: Okay... Now we just wait for the villain to make his entrance.
Narration: *Forming my right hand into a fist, I lightly smack it into my left palm...*
Narration: *And almost as if someone's taken their cue, the sound of running footsteps approaches from outside the dorm.*
Michiru: T-They're here! A whooole lotta people just showed up...!!
Narration: *Returned from her patrol, Michiru bursts into the lobby in a state of obvious consternation.*
Yumiko: All right then. We'll be going...
Narration: *Yumiko, who had been sitting on the sofa in silence throughout our meeting, rises gallantly to her feet.*
Narration: *As the others watch with concern in their eyes, she slowly opens the door and heads outside. I follow quietly in her wake.*
Narration: *An extraordinary spectacle greets us.*
Narration: *Specifically, it's an absolute swarm of jet black cars - reminiscent of that "parent-teacher conference" visit, but on a far greater scale. I count more than ten vehicles at a glance.*
Narration: *Hard-faced men in black suits who could easily pass for gangsters form a solid row in front of their cars.*
Narration: *The dorm's entirely surrounded. The unbroken ring of vehicles and men stretches around the building at a distance of maybe ten meters.*
Yuuji: (...Clearly not interested in letting us get away this time.)
Narration: *Probably only natural, given his long pursuit and the insult I delivered last night. But above all else, I think this display of force is the product of Sakaki Michiaki's sheer stubborn tenacity.*
Narration: *The rear door of the car stopped directly in front of us swings open; and with extremely deliberate movements, a single man emerges.*
Narration: *A slender, greying man, dressed in a conservative charcoal suit, his glare as sharp as a knife and significantly less friendly.*
Narration: *...Yumiko's father, Sakaki Michiaki.*
Michiaki: ...You're actually here. Rather foolhardy of you, I must say.
Narration: *The first words out of his mouth are a toneless expression of surprise.*
Narration: *As he looks over his daughter, the corners of Michiaki's mouth jerk up slightly into something resembling a smirk.*
Michiaki: It's been a while... Is it just my imagination, or have you lost a little weight?
Yumiko: ...Yes. But then again, I was repeatedly assaulted, nearly shipped overseas, and then chased by thugs for a good year... I expect that had something to do with it.
Michiaki: Hah... Not that you appreciate it was all for your own good, clearly. But I suppose it hardly matters.
Narration: *Michiaki's scornful expression gives way with disconcerting smoothness to a gentle smile.*
Michiaki: All right, Yumiko. I'm still willing to forgive you for the moment. Come back to me voluntarily, and I'll show mercy to that man of yours...
Yumiko: ......
Michiaki: Cry and beg for my forgiveness. Tell Dad how very sorry you are. That's all I'm asking. Apologize right this instant, and you have my word this will end peacefully.
Yumiko: ...That's a lie.
Michiaki: What, you can't trust your own father...?
Yumiko: My father...? I haven't thought of you as a father in years! Not since the day I learned what you really are!
Narration: *Yumiko's voice quivers with rage.*
Narration: *Her teeth grinding audibly, she squeezes spiteful words out of her throat and fires them at Michiaki like arrows.*
Yumiko: I'm not standing in front of you today because I want to play the role of your daughter again. Much less to cry and beg your forgiveness...
Michiaki: Oh? Tell me, then, why are you here?
Narration: *A gust of wind blows across the yard, kicking up a swirling cloud of sand.*
Narration: *For just a moment, it hides Michiaki from view. And when he appears again, Yumiko's tightly pursed lips open.*
Yumiko: To cut myself free of you.
Narration: *Michiaki doesn't even flinch. But Yumiko presses on regardless, her eyes slightly downcast, letting the anger she's kept inside flow freely out of her.*
Yumiko: I was always alone. Abandoned by you, living an utterly empty life... suddenly brought back, only to be betrayed... "Family" was all but a foreign concept to me...
Yumiko: Then you threw me into this school like some kind of prisoner. I didn't talk with anyone. I didn't think about anything. I simply existed, isolated and numb...
Yumiko: However...
Narration: *Yumiko turns back. Her gaze lingers on me and Sachi, then turns to the dorm where our other classmates are waiting.*
Narration: *I've never seen such a peaceful smile on her face before.*
Yumiko: There were other people bearing similar wounds here. It was very hard at first, but little by little, I started to speak again.
Yumiko: And Yuuji came along. He taught me... a great deal. He helped me become a human being.
Narration: *With a flutter of her hair, she spins back to face Michiaki once more.*
Yumiko: And still... you tried to take even that away! It wasn't enough for you to barrage me with hollow lies. You wouldn't allow me to keep the things they gave me...!
Yumiko: But I won't let you manipulate me anymore! I'll talk with my own mouth and move my own limbs! I won't be reduced to your puppet!
Michiaki: ......
Yumiko: You've broken so many things... destroyed so many people! You didn't just betray my mother. You tore her apart!
Narration: *Yumiko's eyes open wide in a furious glare. Her teeth snap together even more loudly than before.*
Yumiko: An emotionless machine like you has no right to call itself my father!!
Michiaki: That's more than enough out of you!!
Yumiko: ......!!
Narration: *A harsh bellow cuts through the air. For a moment, Yumiko flinches back.*
Michiaki: What would a child like you understand...!?
Narration: *Michiaki takes a firm step toward us.*
Narration: *He speaks in a voice so low it seems to rise up from the ground underneath his leather shoes.*
Michiaki: ...I will not allow the mighty East Beach Group I inherited from my father to fall apart because of one selfish little girl.
Michiaki: We'll seize every worthless little company in our way and gather an army of pawns. We won't stop growing until we can buy the country itself. That was my father's dream, and I'm the same man he was...
Michiaki: My father made me his puppet. He put his own spirit inside a younger vessel, protecting his enterprise from the depredations of time. I'll follow in his footsteps. I'll shape you into an even finer vessel.
Narration: *The thing standing in front of Yumiko right now isn't a human being.*
Narration: *It's the incarnation of an ambition handed down through the decades... A company in the shape of a man, trying to swallow her into itself.*
Michiaki: Weighed against that grand purpose, the individual will is utterly worthless. You can lecture me all you want about what "really matters"... but none of it means a thing to me!
Yumiko: ...I knew it. You're not even human...!
Michiaki: Hmph. Another sheltered little girl wants to tell me what "humanity" is? I'm sick of it. Your mother was just as soft... Hardly surprising she fell apart instead of accepting reality.
Yumiko: Don't talk about her like that!! You're... You're the one who made it all happen!!
Michiaki: The woman was too close-minded to accept a minor personal concession for the sake of the company. I don't see any reason that should trouble my conscience.
Yumiko: ...I see. It really was all a lie. Your apologies, your kindness, every last bit of it...
Michiaki: This is a waste of time. I'll use force if I have to, but I'd prefer not to be rough. Get in the car...
Narration: *As Michiaki extends his hand, Yumiko draws back a step in refusal.*
Narration: *The next words out of her mouth are delivered in a voice as cold as ice.*
Yumiko: ...You're finished.
Michiaki: ...Excuse me?
Yumiko: You don't understand why Yuuji called you here today? Why it had to be today in particular...?
Narration: *Michiaki's eyebrows twitch ever so slightly.*
Narration: *A moment later, with an expression caught halfway between an angry scowl and an amused smile, he answers.*
Michiaki: ...Today... I see. So you people had a hand in that after all...
Yumiko: That's right. I'm talking about the extraordinary general meeting of the East Beach Holding shareholders.
Yumiko: If the resolution to remove you from the board passes, you'll no longer be the president of the East Beach Group. That "grand purpose" you expected me to carry out as your puppet will be crushed completely...!
Narration: *Michiaki listens to his daughter's words expressionlessly.*
Narration: *There's no anger, no surprise, no scorn or fear.*
Narration: *His face is simply blank. And somehow, that indifference is more intimidating than any emotion could have been.*
Narration: *Finally, a dry rattling chuckle emerges from his throat.*
Yumiko: ...What's so funny...?
Michiaki: ...That's good, Yumiko. Very good. So you've been learning a little about the world, have you? That experience will be very valuable. Really, I never expected you to begin your studies all on your own!
Narration: *Clapping his hands together with easy confidence, Michiaki responds as if genuinely pleased by the situation.*
Narration: *There isn't the slightest hint of anxiety in his cold, amused eyes.*
Yumiko: How long are you going to keep blustering!? Take a look at the reality before you...!
Michiaki: Blustering? Don't throw words like that around until you know they're true. I'd recommend double-checking that "reality" of yours...
Yumiko: Huh...?
Narration: *Yumiko turns around once more. Sachi is just lowering a cell phone from her ear, her face a ghastly shade of white.*
Sachi: T-There was just... a message from Amane-san...!
Narration: *The normally unflappable girl's voice shakes with disbelief.*
Sachi: ...It seems... nobody's standing up in support of the resolution...
Yumiko: T-That can't be...!!
Amane: No way... B-But they all said they'd support it!
Makina: It's so quiet in there alluva sudden... almost like they were plannin' this all along...
Michiru: Hold on, isn't this really bad? This resolution has to pass, right? Can't you get in touch with them, Amane!?
Amane: ...Not possible. It's not like we were talking directly to these people, you know? We set up the agreement through a really complicated, indirect route, so we'd have to send any message the same way...
Michiru: So... what, we're just gonna sit here and watch!?
Makina: What else can we do...?
Michiru: You gotta be kidding...!
Michiaki: I was quite aware you and that Ichigaya woman were plotting to stir up the opposition faction.
Michiaki: ...Well, I was a bit curious to see how far you'd manage to take this little children's revolution of yours, but it seems you're a quicker study than I thought!
Michiaki: Once we straighten you out and get you attending a proper school, I think you'll become quite useful in no time. Hahahaha...!!
Yumiko: Guh... gh...!
Narration: *As Yumiko bites down on her lip in frustration, Michiaki takes another step forward, his stride even larger and bolder than before.*
Michiaki: ...All right. It's well and truly over now. I suggest you resign yourself to a life dancing on my strings, Yumiko!
Yumiko: N-No...!
Michiaki: Once you accept reality... I know. Perhaps I'll permit you to keep that washed-up soldier brat over there as a sexual outlet?
Michiaki: But of course, I'll have to strip him of every shred of human dignity first...
Yumiko: I-I'll never let you...!
Narration: *Yumiko's still mounting her best attempt at resistance, but the momentum has shifted entirely in favor of her father.*
Narration: *His face placid and composed, Michiaki takes another step forward.*
Narration: *And this time, his cruel eyes flick over in my direction.*
Michiaki: Hello there, private. Tell me, how long are you planning to just stand there? Don't you have anything to say?
Narration: *His tone of voice is light. Teasing.*
Michiaki: Standing in the back while your woman does all the talking strikes me as more than a little pathetic, young man.
Yumiko: Y-Yuuji...!
Narration: *In strong contrast to her father's composure, Yumiko's voice twists with sorrow and fear.*
Narration: *Without particularly reacting to either of them, I cock my head to the side and furrow my brow.*
Yuuji: ...That's funny. Do I hear a phone?
Narration: *Michiaki grimaces sourly in evident disappointment.*
Michiaki: ...What now? Might as well go ahead and answer, for all the good it will do you. You won't have that cell phone much longer in any...
Yuuji: Wrong. Does sound like a phone's ringing, but it's not mine. Somebody else must be getting a call.
Michiaki: ...What on earth are you babbling about?
Narration: *The man clearly seems to think this somewhat less than important right now.*
Narration: *For the first time, I meet his gaze with a powerful glare of my own.*
Yuuji: ...You still don't understand? It's your phone. With a very important call.
Michiaki: ...My phone...?
Narration: *Dubiously, Michiaki reaches up for the pocket of his suit.*
Narration: *The instant his hand touches the softly buzzing cell phone, his bemused expression changes to one of pure surprise.*
Michiaki: ...! Why did you know that...!?
Yuuji: Not important. You should probably answer right away. Take a look at who's calling...
Michiaki: ...What...? Honestly, at a time like this... This had better be...
Narration: *Muttering complaints to himself, Michiaki glances down at the screen. His face stiffens instantly.*
Michiaki: M-Muramatsu... The Minister of Infrastructure...!?
Narration: *He hurriedly presses the answer button, his attention now focused solely on the phone. The rest of us no longer seem to even register.*
Michiaki: H-Hello! Is that you, Minister Muramatsu? This is Sakaki, sir...!
Muramatsu: You certainly take your time answering your phone, Sakaki-san.
Michiaki: Yes, I'm very sorry. We're currently in the middle of that general meeting I discussed with you earlier...
Muramatsu: That's what I'm calling you about. I'm going to keep this brief, all right?
Michiaki: Uh, what's...?
Muramatsu: Circumstances have changed. I'm no longer able to support you. Sorry, but let's make this a dignified end to your presidency.
Michiaki: Wha...!?
Muramatsu: Rest assured, we'll find you a suitable honorary position of some sort. You'll have to content yourself with that.
Michiaki: T-That's not... W-What are you talking about, Minister!?!
Muramatsu: Really brushed up against something troublesome, didn't you...? My sympathies.
Michiaki: W-Wait, M-Minister Muramatsu, please! What's going on...!?!
Sachi: Ah, Amane-san... yes... What!? The resolution's... Yes, understood, I'll inform them immediately!
Sachi: Kazami-san, news from inside. The motion to dismiss the president has apparently passed...!
Sachi: All the enterprises that had been playing wait-and-see switched to approval one by one. In the end, we collected nearly 80% of the votes...!
Narration: *I nod casually to acknowledge Sachi's report.*
Yuuji: Thought as much. Just how JB told me it would play out...
Narration: *Entirely on the other end of the emotional spectrum, Sakaki Michiaki stands before me in stunned, furious disbelief. It's hard to believe he's the same man who was so full of confidence before that phone rang.*
Narration: *Squeezing his cell phone with a quivering hand, he glares at me with an expression full of undisguised wrath.*
Michiaki: Y-You people... Why is this... How could this possibly...!
Narration: *Reminds me of Yumiko's reaction when I brought her here yesterday. The man simply can't process the situation he's found himself in.*
Yuuji: ...I'll explain.
Narration: *Stepping out protectively in front of Yumiko, I approach her trembling father.*
Yuuji: It's just as you said. No matter how much a group of children struggle, it's fundamentally ridiculous to imagine they could stage a large-scale corporate conflict.
Narration: *Convincing the opposition to move would've been nearly impossible unless people holding genuine power were leading the charge.*
Narration: *...However, there was one lever which could undoubtedly move even those deeply cautious men.*
Narration: *An organization possessing tremendous influence... and the largest stockholder in the East Beach Group.*
Narration: *Once JB obtained a route to them through a certain connection of hers, our victory was all but assured.*
Yuuji: They were the focus of our attention from the very start. But as I'm sure you know, it never hurts to be doubly cautious in this sort of thing. That's why we attacked the problem from so many angles over the last year.
Yuuji: ...After all, we were up against Sakaki Michiaki. If we spent all our time messing with the Ministry of Infrastructure, I expected you'd catch on and devise a counter-strategy.
Narration: *JB's connection had overwhelming influence over the Ministry, but Michiaki might still have managed to turn the tables on us if our movements were exposed in the early stages.*
Narration: *We needed to set the wheels in motion without tipping him off to our real plans until the very last moment. That was the primary objective of all our other movements.*
Yuuji: ...Therefore, we started building ourselves a pseudo-majority, knowing full well it would fall apart in the end. We let you see a bunch of children sniffing around... gave you a nice easy target to undermine.
Michiaki: Are you saying... those suspicious movements inside the opposition were merely a feint...!?
Yuuji: ...Exactly.
Michiaki: This can't... be...
Narration: *Michiaki's cell phone clatters to the ground. His head slumps over sagging shoulders.*
Narration: *The arrogance from a few minutes ago has vanished without the slightest trace.*
Michiaki: ...So it's over...? Just like that... By a bunch of children, for christ's sake... I wagered my life, threw everything away... and now...
Narration: *Muttering reproachful words to no one in particular, he drags himself back to his car and climbs slowly inside.*
Narration: *The black-suited men surrounding the area, perhaps sensing their employer's defeat, hurriedly begin to withdraw.*
Narration: *With the roar of a dozen engines, clouds of dust from many tires fill the air, as if to mark the conclusion of our battle.*
Amane: Yuujiii!
Narration: *Amane bursts out of the dorm moments later.*
Narration: *Makina and Michiru follow in her wake, their faces overflowing with joy.*
Makina: We heard from Sacchin! You knew that was gonna happen all along, Onii-chan!?
Yuuji: Yeah. Sorry for startling you...
Amane: Geez, I thought I was gonna have a heart attack! You could've told us you'd set up something like that...
Sachi: Indeed. I believe I lost several years off my life span when I heard that initial message...
Michiru: ...Considering how literal you are about everything, that really must've been one heck of a shock...
Amane: Anyway, with this Sakaki-san's free and clear! Right, Yuuji!?
Yuuji: Yeah. Sorry about the drama, Yumi...
Narration: *Just like the others, Yumiko's face is filled with relief at our come-from-behind victory.*
Narration: *...Or so I'd imagined. But when I turn around, I find something else entirely.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...?
Narration: *Yumiko's turned her head in a different direction from the rest of us.*
Narration: *No less still and quiet than before, she's gazing far off into the distance.*
Yuuji: Think you guys can head back inside before us...?
Narration: *I turn to our friends, who nod quickly and return to the dorm.*
Narration: *After watching them all enter the building, I fix my eyes on Yumiko once more.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Her face is fixed in the direction that group of cars disappeared.*
Narration: *The eyes of Sakaki Michiaki's only daughter are quietly gazing after the man who stayed her bitter enemy until the very end.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Narration: *I call out her name once more. But Yumiko doesn't move, and her expression doesn't change.*
Narration: *She's not crying. It doesn't look like she's grieving. Her face is simply... lonely.*
Narration: *The clouds of dust that had been dancing through the air eventually fade away as the wind carries them out to sea.*
Narration: *The familiar campus has returned to a familiar state. And still, Yumiko stands rooted to the spot.*
Narration: *As I watch her from behind, I hear the cry of a kite overhead like a shrill note on a flute.*
Narration: *The small black bird of prey glides serenely past us, making its way to the ocean. Just like one I saw on the rooftop of this dorm once.*
Narration: *It's a painfully normal summer scene. Almost as if someone's trying to remind us how small our struggles are, how insignificant our hatreds―*

Date: *May 2, 2012, 08:00 - Kanagawa Prefecture*
Narration: *No matter how much power you hold, no matter how wise and widely respected you may be, there's one force you're completely powerless to resist.*
Narration: *No one in the world's capable of stopping the flow of time.*
Narration: *True, spend enough money and you can usually prolong your life a little. But that's hardly the same as stopping or reversing the relentless march of the years.*
Narration: *Back in the old days, there were rulers who thought systems of hereditary inheritance could grant them dominion over time.*
Narration: *But open any history book and you'll find plenty of proof that was just another way of struggling in vain against the inevitable.*
Narration: *Strict codes of law, beautiful writings, wise teachings - all these, too, eventually fade away.*
Narration: *Still, there are always people who struggle against that oppressive rule, studying the failures of those who went before and seeking immortality through lines or deeds.*
Narration: *And there are those who live ephemerally in the moment, ignoring the current of time entirely. Perhaps that's a valid means of escape in its own right.*
Narration: *But no matter what approach we take, we're all fighting a losing battle.*
Narration: *Some few among the most determined and brilliant may manage to build a milestone, but compared to the vast and unending road itself, such monuments aren't particularly significant.*
Narration: *Time's an absolute tyrant. Everyone's powerless to resist its might.*
Narration: *However... if you look at the matter from another angle, time's also our supreme problem-solver. The ultimate healer of wounds.*
Narration: *Given enough time, a Gordian Knot too tangled for human hands to undo will naturally slip apart and return to its original form.*
Narration: *Through the passing of years, a hardened clump of stone that won't dissolve under water or melt in fire will disintegrate all on its own.*
Narration: *Time doesn't rule through fear alone. Like all that's truly "absolute," it exerts its power indifferently over good and bad alike―*
Yuuji: Hah... hah... hah...
Narration: *Running my usual morning course, I breathe in and out at my usual steady rhythm.*
Narration: *There's no hesitation in my movements. I could run this route in my sleep by now. I'm not bothering to measure or anything, but my heartbeat and calorie burn are probably exactly the same as they were yesterday.*
Narration: *From a long-term perspective... it'll probably only be a few years before my current peak physical condition gives way to a slow, gradual curve of decline.*
Narration: *But looking back over the last few years, my "specs" have stayed exceptionally consistent. I've never been negligent in keeping myself ready for emergencies of any kind.*
Yuuji: My master really beat that lesson into me, I guess...
Narration: *Running comes so naturally to me now that it's very easy to detach my mind from the movements of my body. Often find myself thinking over all sorts of things.*
Narration: *My master was a great believer in "staying on your toes," preparing for the extraordinary in the most ordinary of times.*
Narration: *Always think ahead, always stay prepared, always follow your routine. In the course of my monotonous daily training, there were times when everything seemed so calm that I couldn't help doubting the importance of all that.*
Narration: *But I've been plunged abruptly into crisis often enough to recognize that peace-addled complacency for what it is.*
Narration: *Even just over the last year, this sort of readiness proved immeasurably important.*
Yuuji: Still... I'd really like things to stay relatively peaceful for a while.
Narration: *Trying to drive a subtle shadow of unease from my mind, I focus on carrying out my comfortingly familiar peace-time training.*
Narration: *The late summer sun creeps up into the sky, gradually warming the earth below.*
Narration: *It's been two months since we returned to this place. And in reality, nothing too dramatic has happened in that time.*
Narration: *Even compared to the peaceful time I spent here before, nothing's really...*
Narration: *...Well, no. I suppose there have been a few minor changes to the previous routine.*
Yuuji: I'm back.
Narration: *For one thing, I've started consistently saying this phrase immediately after returning to the dorm.*
Narration: *There were occasions when I said those words before, but it was a pretty uncommon event, reserved for when somebody happened to be in the lobby when I opened the door.*
Yumiko: Welcome home, Yuuji!
Narration: *But now I've got a reason to announce my return every single time.*
Narration: *Namely, there's always a certain someone here to say those words to.*
Yuuji: Sorry about slipping out. I was a little worried you might not be getting enough sleep, waking up at the same hour as me.
Yumiko: I go to sleep at the same time as you, so that's hardly anything to worry about. Here you go, towel.
Yuuji: Thanks.
Narration: *Taking the towel from Yumiko, I roughly scrub the sweat off my face.*
Yuuji: Phew...
Narration: *And when I look up again...*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *An attractive young woman's standing very close to me with a distinctly wistful expression on her face.*
Narration: *Slightly exasperated, I heave a quiet sigh.*
Yuuji: Look, Yumiko, I think we've been over this before...
Yumiko: U-Uh, yeah, I know. I know, okay...?
Narration: *Waving her hands in the air, she interrupts my earnest warning in a flustered tone of voice.*
Yumiko: This is a public space. That sort of thing can wait until we're back in the room. That's what you wanted to say, right...?
Yuuji: That's right. Glad to see you got the message after all.
Yumiko: S-So, uhm... I'll make do with just a little hug for now...
Yuuji: Look, woman...
Narration: *Is this seriously the same person who used to swing a box cutter at me every time we met?*
Narration: *Turning her blushing face slightly away, she flutters brief glances in my direction... Don't think I'll say this to the girl herself, but it's not far from the sort of come-hither look you'd get from pros in a red-light district.*
Narration: *...I mean, yes, I do understand this is the product of sincere affection, but seriously. When the girl's this blatant about it, it's hard not to get suspicious.*
Narration: *Something Makina told me once comes to mind. To wit: Women of the kuudere tribe are a pain in the ass... They're not used to showing affection, so once they do go sweet they'll give everyone in a three-mile radius cavities...*
Yuuji: (...That said, giving her the cold shoulder would just be making more trouble for myself in the long run.)
Narration: *Just yesterday, I tried brushing off Yumiko's excessive demands for public displays of affection. She retaliated with hours of sulky, reproachful glaring.*
Narration: *Still falls well into the "cute" category, but the effort involved in smoothing her feathers after the fact only amplifies the pain-in-the-ass factor.*
Narration: *...And so, I decide to give into her demands like the hopeless sap I am.*
Yuuji: Fine. Here we go...
Yumiko: Ah...!
Narration: *Pulling Yumiko over to me, I embrace her lightly at arm's length.*
Narration: *I did wipe myself down a little with the towel, but I'm still just back from exercising. Can't exactly go for the bear hug.*
Yumiko: Nn... nnn... Yuuji... haaa...
Narration: *...And as if to say "the hell with your thoughtfulness," the woman dives forward and nuzzles her pretty face against my chest. Already in heat first thing in the damn morning...*
Yuuji: I think you're aware, but I kind of stink right now. Don't cling to me like that.
Yumiko: It's all right. Nn... I liiike the way you smell, Yuuji... It's so manly...
Yuuji: If your past self could see you now, she'd probably break down in tears.
Yumiko: Oh? If anything, I think she might weep from sheer joy.
Yumiko: Nnnh... hey, don't squirm around! Hold stilll... nnn...
Yuuji: Honestly...
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...Hey, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Whaaat...? Nn...
Yuuji: Charming as it is to watch you get drunk off my body, I think it's time for you to back off now.
Yumiko: Oh come on, let me enjoy myself a little more... Nngh, I just never get sick of touching this nice thick chest... You're always... crushing me under this...
Yuuji: Well, I don't personally mind if you want to continue grunting in satisfaction while fondling my pecs, but I'd recommend taking a look behind you first.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Wha?
Amane: Nnn... I liiike the way you smell, Yuuji... nn, nnngh...!
Michiru: ...Wow, life is just full of surprises, isn't it? Never would've imagined we'd be getting a show like this on a daily basis.
Sachi: Ah, such a vast scope of possibilities dwell within us all... It seems Michiru-sama isn't the only one capable of broadening my horizons. Truly, every day in this dormitory brings new discoveries.
Yumiko: Ah... ah...
Narration: *Makina trots energetically up to Yumiko (currently frozen solid).*
Narration: *The intensity of her grin is genuinely unpleasant.*
Makina: Got yer water boilin' thinkin' about Onii-chan's naked body, didn'tcha? But here's th' thing. When ya do this sorta stuff in th' morning, yer pretty much announcin' how things went last night. Maybe try ta keep it in yer pants, huh?
Narration: *Thumping Yumiko's shoulders in a companionable way, she barrages her with merciless words.*
Yumiko: Ah... aaaaah... aaah...
Narration: *The young woman in question, her hand still frozen pitifully in the air where my chest had been, looks around the lobby like a high-school drama student doing their best imitation of a robot.*
Amane: Aaargh, it's way too early for something that rich... Now I've got heartburn. Let's get out of here, guys.
Sachi: Indeed. Thank you for the treat, Sakaki-san.
Michiru: Try to at least maintain some basic standards of human dignity, okay, Yumiko?
Makina: At this rate, they're gonna be gettin' it on in th' lobby in no time...
Narration: *One by one, the others give the statue-stiff Yumiko a friendly slap on the shoulders, then saunter off mocking her.*
Narration: *There's some real affection underneath those wry smiles, but also undeniably a good deal of exasperation mixed in as well.*
Yuuji: Hey, Yumiko, you all right...?
Yumiko: Auuugh... guhhhh...
Yuuji: I'm going to take that as a no.
Narration: *Yumiko, stunned speechless, lets out an anguished grunting moan of the sort I'd usually expect from Michiru.*
Narration: *We've actually had more than a few incidents like this over the last two months, but today was... exceptionally bad.*
Yuuji: (...Well, I tried to warn her.)
Narration: *Maybe that will be a bit of a lesson to the girl. Can only pray she'll finally cut down on the public "dere" somewhat.*
Yuuji: Earth to Yumiko? I'm going back to the room now, all right?
Narration: *Shaking my head with a smile, I head back to my room.*
Narration: *...By manipulating the Minister of Land, Transport, and Infrastructure, we succeeded in removing Sakaki Michiaki from his role at the top of the East Beach Group, putting an end to his pursuit of Yumiko.*
Narration: *The director we successfully raised up as an opposing power, essentially a puppet of the government, has already discontinued Michiaki's aggressive strategy of expansion in favor of a much more stable and low-risk style of management.*
Narration: *The East Beach Group has shed its image as the Sakaki family's personal empire. With surprising speed, it's being reformed into a very different kind of enterprise.*
Narration: *Some day, people probably won't even remember that they were once mocked as "bandits."*
Narration: *As for Mihama Academy... it's going to be closing its doors.*
Narration: *There were potential PR issues because of its connection to Michiaki's struggle with his daughter. And on a purely practical level, the new management took issue with the lavish, inefficient spending that defined Mihama's administration.*
Narration: *They did explore restoring it as a more conventional school, but given the location and circumstances it was estimated that attracting a sufficiently large student body would prove difficult. In the end the project was simply abandoned.*
Narration: *Then again... from beginning to end, this school never had more than six students. Putting aside the facilities and funding, once that framework changed, Mihama would still have stopped being what it was.*
Narration: *In exchange for the Academy's closure, the dormitory was allowed to remain open in a different form.*
Narration: *Without a school attached, it's become a simple apartment building. They entrusted the management to the former students for the time being, enabling us to continue our lives virtually the same as before.*
Narration: *Everyone's using this place as a launchpad for the next stage of their lives.*
Narration: *Amane will apparently be leaving to help out at her family's traditional restaurant with Makina once their preparations are in order.*
Narration: *Sachi and Michiru are going to be transferring together to a boarding school the principal recommended.*
Narration: *However, even if we all end up leaving this place behind, we've made plans to periodically meet up again.*
Narration: *The six of us may have been born in different places, but in a way we all feel as if we grew up here.*
Narration: *Although we've regained our familiar daily life, little by little things are starting to change.*
Narration: *And Yumiko's certainly no exception. After dramatically transforming her world, she's trying to adapt herself to a whole new routine.*
Yuuji: Thanks for helping with breakfast.
Yumiko: You're welcome. Eat up.
Narration: *Eating my meals around this table with Yumiko already feels completely natural.*
Narration: *Today, we've got grilled salmon and boiled greens in soy sauce that I made, and soup and rice courtesy of Yumiko.*
Yuuji: Yeah, looks like you've gotten the hang of miso soup now.
Yumiko: Really...?
Yuuji: Why would I lie now? It really is good.
Yumiko: Thank goodness... I'm happy to hear that.
Narration: *Her eyes full of relief, Yumiko favors me with a sincere smile.*
Narration: *Since we started living together in my room, the girl's gradually eased her way into cooking.*
Narration: *At first she was burning pans more often than cooking food, but under the strict tutelage of Madam Suou Amane, she's finally learned how to make miso and other simple soups.*
Yuuji: You're learning boiled food next, right...? Amane was pretty enthusiastic. Sounds like she enjoys teaching you.
Yumiko: Guh... Amane gets a little scary when she's teaching. I can't help feeling there's some ulterior motive there...
Narration: *...Well, the two of them have finally gotten friendly enough to use each other's first names, so I guess that lingering tinge of jealousy isn't anything to be that worried about.*
Narration: *Amane's probably just playing around for the most part, but... since I'm clearly part of the issue, I can't exactly stick my head in either way.*
Narration: *Seeking a change of subject, I reach out for my rice bowl.*
Yuuji: Hmm, looks like you got the rice just right too...
Narration: *When I look across the table again to praise Yumiko, I find her chopsticks paused hesitantly in mid-air.*
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: What's wrong? You're not eating.
Narration: *I call out to her again. She starts a little, then smiles.*
Yumiko: Ah, sorry... it's nothing.
Narration: *Morning light flows in softly through the window.*
Narration: *The faint touch of sun on her skin makes Yumiko's smile seem almost eerily gentle.*
Yumiko: You know... it's still a little hard to believe, even now.
Yumiko: I mean, every day's so fun... I've made friends with the others, and I'm even living with you... This never would've been possible the way I was before.
Narration: *"Before," Yumiko was always alone.*
Narration: *The girl absolutely didn't choose that solitude. She always longed to have someone at her side. And many times, she tried to convince herself there would be.*
Narration: *Those hopes were betrayed again and again. Yumiko plunged into despair, gave up on connecting with others, and hid herself from the world.*
Narration: *...But after she came to this dorm, her walls slowly began to crumble.*
Yumiko: I was so frightened of people when I was young... I gave up on even trying to interact with them. But now...
Narration: *Yumiko warmed up to our classmates. She fell in love with me. And her solitude finally came to an end.*
Narration: *Considering the way she used to be, it's not surprising she'd find all this a little hard to believe.*
Yumiko: Thank you, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Yeah... I'm happy for you, Yumiko.
Narration: *That smile's coming from the heart.*
Narration: *Yumiko looks genuinely content. Like someone who's gotten everything they ever wanted.*
Narration: *...But when the girl talks about how happy she is, sometimes I see a very slight shadow fall across her face.*
Narration: *And although it's just speculation on my part, I think I know why.*
Narration: *Through our trap, Sakaki Michiaki lost everything he had built in a single day.*
Narration: *Tripped up by the willful daughter he wanted to manipulate like a puppet, the man vanished in defeat.*
Narration: *The supremely arrogant emperor who stepped out of the car that day left a crushed and broken man. Those deeply contrasting images are still crystal clear in my memory.*
Narration: *And for Yumiko, his daughter, that moment must've left a far stronger impression.*
Narration: *There wasn't just hatred in her eyes as she quietly watched her father disappear. I'm sure many complex emotions were running through her mind.*
Narration: *Following that incident, Sakaki Michiaki essentially abandoned both his personal and professional life.*
Narration: *The mass media he'd previously muzzled through force briefly latched on to the dramatic "overthrown tyrant" storyline, but in time their interest died out. By now, the man's already becoming part of the past.*
Narration: *Michiaki's still got a nearly ten percent stake in the Group, along with a new "honorary" position, so he shouldn't exactly be starving. Still... he's been lying low to the point that it's almost unsettling.*
Narration: *Sometimes I can't help wondering if he's lurking in the shadows somewhere, steadily plotting revenge and working toward a comeback. But that hypothesis doesn't really stand up to scrutiny.*
Narration: *I couldn't see any hint of spirit in the hollowed-out shell of a man who climbed back into his car that day. And judging from the way she watched him go, Yumiko probably sensed something similar.*
Narration: *Her father had been the focus of all her hatred for years. He was the ruthless creature who chained her down.*
Narration: *But underneath his armor, he was just one incredibly frail human being, every bit as weak as Yumiko herself once was.*
Narration: *Watching her father stripped naked and chased from his place in the world, the girl no doubt felt a painful twinge of recognition and empathy.*
Narration: *To survive, to carve out her own place in the world, there was no choice but to overthrow him. But that doesn't mean it left an entirely pleasant taste in her mouth.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...?
Yumiko: Huh?
Narration: *Again, there's that slight hint of listlessness in her expression.*
Narration: *Even when Yumiko's acting cheerful, I can't help picking out these slight signs of fraying at the seams.*
Yuuji: You keep stopping your chopsticks.
Yumiko: Ah. S-Sorry, I'm fine. It really is nothing.
Narration: *I've been refraining from asking Yumiko about this.*
Narration: *She obviously hasn't even begun to sort out her own feelings yet. It'd just be cruel to make her dwell on it even further.*
Yuuji: All right, I know what you're thinking about.
Yumiko: Uh, what... Kya...!
Narration: *Moving smoothly around the table, I push her down to the floor.*
Yuuji: We got interrupted halfway through, didn't we? Maybe you wanted something like this?
Yumiko: Guh... that's not... Well, maybe so, but...
Narration: *So I cover it up with a white lie.*
Narration: *And Yumiko, for her part, accepts that lie.*
Yumiko: N-No way. This is too sudden... and it's still bright outside...
Narration: *Her words are hesitant, but her fingers twine through mine.*
Narration: *As if to request the next step, her entire palm squirms coquettishly in my grasp.*
Yuuji: ...Your hands seem to have a different opinion. I'm not sure who to believe.
Yumiko: ...Oh, stop teasing me... nnn... nffh...
Narration: *Seems she wasn't really rejecting me. I lean down and press my lips against hers.*
Narration: *Pretending not to notice the wounds on each others' backs, we run our hands across the undamaged surface alone, seeking comfort.*
Narration: *I know we'll have to treat those wounds eventually.*
Narration: *But right now, we need time. We need this.*
Narration: *Yumiko hasn't had real peace for practically her entire life. At the very least, I want to give her a chance to think...*
Narration: *Suddenly, shrill electronic music fills the air. We stop and smile wryly at each other.*
Yumiko: Sorry about that. Hold on a second.
Narration: *With one more brief peck on my lips, Yumiko pulls herself out from under me.*
Narration: *She flips open her bleating cell phone and glances at the screen.*
Yumiko: Oh, it's the lawyer...
Narration: *After letting me know that, she picks herself up off the floor and presses the answer button.*
Yumiko: Yes, hello... mm-hmm. Thank you very much for your help the other day...
Narration: *Yumiko recently hired a lawyer to sort through the legal issues involved with our situation. He's also helping make arrangements for managing the Sakaki family's property now that Michiaki's all but fallen off the face of the earth.*
Narration: *The family affairs are understandably chaotic at the moment, so it's a lot for Yumiko to handle on her own. Still, she's been diligently negotiating, selling off what needs to be sold, and trying to keep things from falling apart.*
Narration: *I assume this phone call's another update on their progress.*
Yumiko: Wha...!?
Narration: *But the peaceful conversation I was expecting changes dramatically with a small cry of surprise from Yumiko.*
Narration: *It's not just the tone of her voice. The calm look on her face gives way to a grim and severe expression.*
Narration: *More than a little concerned, I pick myself up off the ground and watch.*
Yumiko: Yes. I see... Yes, I understand. Then I'll come by tomorrow for a more detailed... Yes...
Narration: *After hanging up the phone, Yumiko gazes down at the screen in disbelief, not speaking a word.*
Yuuji: ...Did something happen?
Narration: *This time I find myself unable to bite my tongue. Yumiko, her face still blank with shock, finally turns to face me.*
Yumiko: That man...
Narration: *"That man." *
Narration: *There's nothing in the phrase to suggest Yumiko's talking about a relative, but there's only one person she refers to that way.*
Yumiko: That man... seems to have transferred everything to me...
Yuuji: Everything...?
Narration: *Confusion in her eyes, Yumiko nods shortly.*
Yumiko: All of his stock. He's given me every last share...
Yuuji: ...Sakaki Michiaki did?
Narration: *Yumiko doesn't respond.*
Narration: *She just gazes intently down at her phone, complex emotions flitting across her face, almost as if the man in question was standing in front of her.*
Narration: *It's the same expression that was on her face two months ago as she watched her father disappear. An expression of loneliness, anger, and profound sorrow...*
Narration: *The muted murmur of a television echoes through the spacious room.*
Narration: *There's no other sound to be heard.*
Yuuji: Hm...
Narration: *Half-submerged in a plush sofa, I abruptly open my eyes at the sound of a voice on the television.*
Narration: *It's a very familiar voice... one I've been hearing on a daily basis for a long time now.*
Yuuji: Ah, must've nodded off halfway through...
Narration: *I move my eyes back to the enormous LCD screen mounted on the wall.*
Narration: *Yumiko, wearing a tailored professional suit and a resolute expression, listens carefully to her interviewer's question and offers a precise response.*
Yuuji: ...That was a pretty nostalgic dream just now.
Narration: *Maybe it's because I spoke with Amane on the phone the other day, but I dreamed of our time at Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *I find my mind running back over the events that turned Yumiko into the public figure she is today.*
Narration: *When Sakaki Michiaki transferred all of his stock in the East Beach Group to her, Yumiko thought long and hard about what to do with it all. She even considered selling the entire stake and donating the proceeds to charity.*
Narration: *It was, in some sense, tainted money. And more importantly... slightly less than ten percent of that company still amounted to an astronomical sum of money.*
Narration: *Yumiko wanted to live a peaceful life on her own terms. And she knew that kind of money would change everything.*
Narration: *...But after much agonizing, she ultimately decided to accept it.*
Narration: *And then, while using her newfound wealth to attend a top-flight university, she started up her own company... one that's proven wildly successful. Right now, it's becoming increasingly frequent for her to appear in the media as an exemplary young entrepreneur.*
Narration: *As to why Yumiko voluntarily entered the same corporate world that tied her down for so long... I've never asked her point-blank.*
Narration: *But I do have the feeling it's got something to do with the open wounds she's been ignoring for the last three years. Probably the same reason she didn't sell off this house. Despite all the bad memories it must hold for her, we're living here together now.*
Narration: *I guess there comes a point when avoidance doesn't make your scars ache any less.*
Narration: *My "other" cell phone begins to ring for the first time in three years.*
Narration: *After carefully confirming the name on the caller ID screen, I hit the answer button.*
Yuuji: ...Hey. Been a while.
JB: ...Yes, that's for sure.
Narration: *There's a moment of silence. But in that time, many unspoken words pass between us.*
Narration: *Although I was officially reprimanded after the incident three years ago, a certain influential force in Ichigaya's upper echelons shielded me from more serious charges and arranged for my reinstatement on the reserve.*
Narration: *That said, I was no longer interested in returning to my previous workplace, as supporting Yumiko had become my first and foremost priority. I took my chance to formally resign. Naturally, this led to an estrangement from JB.*
Narration: *There was one and only one thing I'd asked of her at the end. It was a job better suited to a detective agency than a professional of her caliber, but I asked anyway, fully aware of my selfishness.*
Narration: *JB accepted that strange request without particular comment. I didn't ask why, but it felt as though she wanted to tie up that same loose end herself.*
JB: This is about the "last favor" you asked of me three years ago. I've learned something.
Narration: *I already knew the reason she was making this phone call.*
Narration: *It has to mean she's found some sort of answer to that odd request I made of her.*
Narration: *There's no longer any other reason for JB to contact me.*
Yuuji: ...I see. Thank you, Julia.
JB: ...Just to be clear, you might not be in for too much of a happy ending here.
Yuuji: It's all right. I still want to know...
JB: Okay then...
Narration: *I mechanically jot down JB's indifferent words in a notepad that was lying nearby.*
Narration: *As the trees outside sway in the wind, a muted sound of rustling foliage carries through the otherwise silent room.*
Narration: *After ending the call with JB, I tuck the black cell phone away and take out the one I normally use.*
Narration: *The call history's filled almost entirely with a single number. Clicking on it, I bring the phone to my ear.*
Yumiko: Well, this is a rare occasion. It's not often that you're the one to propose an outing, Yuuji.
Narration: *Yumiko and I walk leisurely down the road leading to the station.*
Narration: *She's got a lot on her plate at work right now, but the moment I called, she managed to open her schedule.*
Yuuji: Yeah, there's something I wanted to talk about. Sorry about dragging you out...
Yumiko: I certainly don't mind. It's been a while since we did something like this, after all.
Narration: *Yumiko smiles happily.*
Narration: *I haven't told her the real reason for this outing yet.*
Narration: *That was a deliberate decision. I didn't want it to be weighing on her mind from the very start.*
Yumiko: So where are we going today?
Yuuji: ...Hmm. It's a slightly far-off place, actually.
Yumiko: ...Huh? But we're not really bringing anything...
Yuuji: True, now that you mention it.
Narration: *Yumiko glances over at me with a puzzled expression.*
Narration: *This vague, riddle-like conversation continues as we climb the stairs to our local train station.*
Narration: *Changing trains after a few stops, we make our way out of central Tokyo and head for the south part of the Kanto region.*
Narration: *Colorful port cities flash by outside the windows. Eventually, these give way to peaceful-looking little valley towns.*
Narration: *As vivid shades of green start to dominate the scenery, Yumiko grows progressively quieter.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *The train's heading straight for that place.*
Narration: *We wouldn't be going there without a good reason. Yumiko's no doubt starting to realize this won't be the light-hearted outing she'd expected.*
Narration: *...Our destination lies in the town where Yumiko spent the loneliest years of her childhood.*
Narration: *By the time we're standing before the building itself, her expression's painfully tense.*
Yumiko: Yuuji... what's going on...?
Narration: *It's a large general hospital at the outskirts of a sleepy country town.*
Narration: *A hospital the two of us visited several times together.*
Narration: *But there should no longer be any reason for us to come here.*
Yumiko: It's not like... Mom's here anymore...
Narration: *Yumiko's mother, Sakaki Misako, quietly passed away two years ago.*
Narration: *After the usual formalities with her relatives, Yumiko told me she'd never be setting foot in this town again.*
Narration: *There were too many sad memories in this place. Just being here was painful for her.*
Yuuji: ...I know it's hard coming back here, but there's something we can't talk about anywhere else.
Yumiko: It has to be here...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *We proceed slowly through the familiar hallways.*
Narration: *After climbing the stairs, we make our way toward a private room in the very back, then come to a halt in front of the door.*
Yuuji: ...There's a certain person who's been visiting this place virtually every week since your mother's death.
Yumiko: Visiting... this hospital?
Yuuji: Yeah. You know who I'm talking about, right...?
Narration: *Yumiko casts her eyes down, pursing her lips slightly.*
Narration: *Looks as though a name's come to mind.*
Yuuji: ...I don't know why any more than you do, but it's a fact.
Yuuji: That person's been coming here for years. And begging the hospital staff not to breathe a word of those visits to anyone.
Yumiko: Because... he didn't want us to know?
Narration: *I silently nod.*
Yuuji: I know it'd be tough for you to meet him face-to-face all of a sudden, Yumiko.
Yuuji: I'm planning to go in there and ask why he's doing this. Do you think you could wait outside and listen?
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ...We can head back home now, if that's what you want. I'll promise you never to bring that person up again. But if there's still a bad taste lingering in your mouth...
Yuuji: ...Instead of trying to forget the past, how about we look for a way to accept it?
Narration: *Her eyes still turned down toward the floor, Yumiko mutters quietly.*
Yumiko: Yuuji... you've known all along, haven't you...
Yumiko: That I was never able to put that behind me...
Yuuji: Yeah... sorry for not saying anything until now.
Yumiko: ...No, that's all right.
Narration: *There must be countless memories running through Yumiko's head right now.*
Narration: *Her empty childhood. The faint hope she found, only to have it snatched away...*
Narration: *The man who took everything away. Her crushing solitude. The artificial cage where her heart slowly began to thaw.*
Narration: *Her first act of real resistance; our escape. At the end of a long struggle, a confrontation with everything on the line.*
Narration: *...And the former usurper who had everything taken away from him.*
Narration: *What does his daughter feel for him now? Hatred? Something else entirely? I can practically see the tangled ball of conflicted emotions wriggling inside her mind.*
Narration: *Eventually, Yumiko raises her head.*
Narration: *Her expression's firm and determined.*
Yumiko: I'll wait here... and listen to what he has to say.
Yuuji: I see. All right then.
Narration: *Nodding to Yumiko, I step forward and slowly open the door to the hospital room.*
Narration: *With the heavy sound of wood sliding across the floor, sunshine from the far window floods out into the hallway.*
Yuuji: ...I'm coming in.
Narration: *It's a hospital room with no occupant, dominated by an empty bed.*
Narration: *The strong smell of the sun-faded old curtains overpowers the lingering scent of disinfectant still lingering in the air.*
Narration: *At the side of the bed, a single man's sitting in a folding chair, hands folded in front of him.*
Michiaki: You're right on time. But I suppose I shouldn't have expected any less from a military man.
Yuuji: Well, I'm not in that line of work anymore. But time passes quickly. Best to use it efficiently, wouldn't you say?
Michiaki: Very true... Time certainly does fly.
Narration: *Sakaki Michiaki smiles stiffly as the words leave his mouth.*
Narration: *His face, carved with wrinkles, looks like that of a much older man.*
Michiaki: It's been three years, hasn't it? Not that I remember your face particularly well.
Yuuji: I remember yours very clearly... Seems to have changed pretty dramatically.
Michiaki: What else can you expect from a man who's lost his reason to live? However sound the vessel of flesh and blood may be, when there's no will inside to animate it, a human being's nothing but a worthless animal... a machine serving no purpose but to consume food and excrete waste...
Narration: *His eyes, once gleaming with ravenous ambition, are dull and sunken. His mouth droops slackly. It's as if his face can no longer support its own weight.*
Narration: *There's not even a hint of the power and intensity that once defined this man. The last three years must have been a period of increasingly rapid decline; sorrow seems to ooze from every pore of his body.*
Michiaki: Well then. You're the one who called me here. What business do you have with a sad specimen like myself?
Narration: *Michiaki's voice, full of self-ridicule, implies a question: "Here to laugh at a fallen man?"*
Yuuji: I wanted to ask you something. What was driving you three years ago? No... what drove you for your entire adult life? Where did that ambition and greed come from?
Michiaki: ......
Yuuji: I couldn't help feeling you were lost somehow. That you might even have regretted the path you took. And that's why I've dragged you out here... so I can stick my nose into your business.
Narration: *Michiaki responds to this with a snort of amusement.*
Michiaki: What a ridiculous thing to ask of an infamous monster. I'm not going to say anything you'd like to hear.
Michiaki: Perhaps this is an attempt at easing your conscience over taking everything away from me? Unfortunately, it's a third-rate scenario. Come back when you've worked out something more plausible.
Yuuji: ...Tell me, then, why have you been retracing the footsteps of your wife and child?
Michiaki: ......
Michiaki: ...Why do you...?
Yuuji: I had my superior do a little digging. You've been sighted in the vicinity of this hospital, the apartments Yumiko and I rented while we were on the run, and even your wife's family home.
Narration: *My final request of JB was an investigation into Sakaki Michiaki's current whereabouts and activities since his fall from power.*
Narration: *Michiaki spent the last few years visiting every place his wife and daughter once lived, as if to vicariously experience their journey. And he did his best to keep us in the dark about it... even disguising himself and using false names.*
Yuuji: ...Only a person who regrets their past would do something like that. If you'd really thrown everything aside, you wouldn't go out of your way to visit places with a connection to your family.
Yuuji: That's why I finally decided to ask. Was that life really what you wanted? Or were you just chained to it by something beyond your control?
Yuuji: Had a feeling knowing the answer might be better than letting it all fade away miserably into the past...
Narration: *Michiaki heaves a heavy sigh. His sunken eyes gaze at the floor for a long moment before slowly turning up to me.*
Narration: *There's a surprisingly gentle smile on his face. It's the resigned expression of a beaten man.*
Michiaki: That superior of yours... never tires of giving me trouble, does she?
Yuuji: ...Blame me for this one. I'm the one who asked her.
Michiaki: You're certainly a strange one. I've known my share of busybodies, but this is just absurd...
Narration: *Michiaki, who had been leaning forward in his chair like a stooped old man, abruptly reclines as if to stretch his back.*
Narration: *His face pointed at the ceiling, he lets out a very long sigh.*
Michiaki: ...Do you know how old I was when my father gave me my first lesson in the way of the prince?
Yuuji: No...?
Michiaki: I was nine years old. The man took a child from his games and began lecturing him about money and the nature of society...
Narration: *Throughout Michiaki's childhood, there was a constantly rotating cast of women at his father Koujirou's side.*
Narration: *The women came and went one after the other, each calling herself his "mother," offering him various forms of distorted "love."*
Narration: *Some were affectionate to him in the shallow way of a child playing with a favorite toy. Others were openly hostile, even abusive. But however they treated him, his father showed no interest whatsoever.*
Narration: *On the other hand, Sakaki Koujirou was abnormally intrusive when it came to his son's studies and friendships.*
Narration: *Perhaps it was because he had once failed the Tokyo Imperial University examination himself, but he demanded superlative academic results from Michiaki, insisting he would tolerate nothing less than admission to a renowned national university. Any friends his son made at school were thoroughly investigated by detective agencies.*
Narration: *When Michiaki failed to produce superb results, or showed the slightest signs of disobedience, his father would respond with violence.*
Michiaki: I was terrified of my home. Returning from school was sheer agony...
Narration: *Desperate to escape his terror, Michiaki threw himself into his studies, ultimately passing the entrance exam for the nation's most prestigious university. This "success" extended to his personal life, as he obediently acquainted himself with the gaudiest tiers of high society.*
Narration: *The more Michiaki met his expectations, the more his father came to demand from him.*
Michiaki: I think it was just after I'd entered college... That man said something to me that I've never forgotten.
Narration: *Michiaki's voice trembles slightly, as if afraid even to revisit the memory of his father. It takes some time before the next words emerge from his mouth.*
Michiaki: He said... "You don't need a self. Become my puppet. Continue my work even after I'm gone"...
Narration: *University didn't bring the freedom Michiaki had hoped for. Every step he took was decided by his father. Under constant observation, he lived as nothing more than an extension of another man's will.*
Michiaki: He crushed my sense of self. He made me into the perfect puppet. And when the job was finally done... the man died. Almost as if he'd been waiting for that moment...
Narration: *Michiaki turns his eyes toward the window.*
Michiaki: ...I assume you've heard much of the rest yourself. All that remained of "me" was a flawless copy of that man.
Michiaki: I was convinced that imitating him in all things would bring me conquest and glory... And so, Yumiko's choices were simply incomprehensible to me.
Yuuji: ...That's why you followed in her footsteps after losing everything...?
Narration: *With yet another bitter smile, Michiaki slowly nods.*
Michiaki: Not that I really expected to accomplish anything significant... But clinging to the faint hope of at least understanding, I tried to retrace the life those two led.
Yuuji: ...Did you find anything?
Narration: *He shakes his head.*
Michiaki: ...There was nothing there for me. My wife and daughter were simply gone... I couldn't speak to them, only stare at the void where they'd once been. And most terrible of all, doing so didn't even make me sad...
Michiaki: Don't you see? I was raised to believe that all other human beings were worthless trash! That women were tools, objects, toys! And I thought I could understand the emotion of familial love!? Now, after all this time!?
Narration: *Once again, Michiaki's gaze turns toward the ceiling.*
Narration: *He's not shedding tears, but he's wearing the expression of a crying man.*
Narration: *...The expression of a man painstakingly forcing his face to take on the contours of sorrow.*
Michiaki: I can't... even feel regret...
Narration: *When you've known "right," it's easy enough to see "wrong" for what it is.*
Narration: *But when all you've known is violence and cruelty and misery, they're simply facts of your existence.*
Narration: *By looking at the situation outside, you can understand that you've fallen to the very bottom... and yet, the grief and remorse just won't come. There's no emptier feeling.*
Narration: *Sakaki Michiaki is mired in the depths of an extraordinary despair.*
Narration: *No matter how he moves, no matter what he says, the smothering darkness all around doesn't so much as stir.*
Narration: *He's sunk into an inescapable hell. It's the polar opposite of his daughter's suffering: where Yumiko felt pain, this man knows only crushing numbness.*
Yuuji: ...Might be hard to swallow coming from a brat like me, but I can sort of understand your feelings.
Michiaki: What...?
Yuuji: There was a time when I couldn't even grieve for the things I'd lost.
Narration: *I tell Sakaki Michiaki just a little about my own past.*
Narration: *About my misery, and my one small glimmer of hope. About the emptiness I felt when even that was snatched away from me.*
Narration: *About the despair I endured again and again, until my heart grew numb... until I couldn't even recognize it as despair.*
Yuuji: ...Wouldn't say I've completely recovered even now. But little by little, I've started to experience those feelings again. Do you know why?
Michiaki: Sorry... can't say that I do...
Yuuji: It's because of Yumiko. Having her in my life helped me regain something like normal human emotions...
Michiaki: ......
Narration: *By protecting another human being, by sharing my life with them, I gained something in return.*
Narration: *The "impenetrable" darkness inside of me was punctured with a few small rays of light.*
Narration: *But if I hadn't met Yumiko, there's no doubt I'd still be wallowing in the same despair as this man.*
Yuuji: I need to be on my way. But tell me something, first... What are you planning to do from now on?
Michiaki: From now on...? I haven't even thought about it. There's nothing left for me to do...
Yuuji: All right. In that case, I'm going to make a request of you. Do whatever you want with the time you've got left, but don't give up on living.
Michiaki: ...Why would you want me to...?
Narration: *Staring straight into Michiaki's eyes, I continue in a forceful tone of voice.*
Yuuji: Don't take anything else away from Yumiko. Whatever you think of yourself, she still sees you as her father...
Michiaki: ......!
Yuuji: ...Goodbye.
Narration: *Those final words seem to have a lasting effect on Michiaki.*
Narration: *I've already turned my back and taken a few steps when I hear him rising to his feet.*
Michiaki: Make Yumiko...
Narration: *When I turn around, Michiaki's looking at me with the expression of a man who's just reached a firm conclusion.*
Michiaki: Please... make Yumiko happy...
Michiaki: Don't let her end up like me... Give her a happy life, as a human being...!
Michiaki: It's all I'll ever ask of you... my final request...! Please...
Narration: *This isn't the hollow husk of a man I was speaking to a moment ago. It's not the broken puppet who told me he was nothing.*
Narration: *At the end, Sakaki Michiaki stands before me as a father.*
Yuuji: Don't think I can accept that request...
Michiaki: W-Why not...!?
Yuuji: Because someday, you'll have to help make Yumiko happy as well.
Narration: *But when I speak those words, the light fades from his eyes.*
Michiaki: Yumiko... couldn't possibly want that. The girl has no mother... no father... because of me! Because I'm a puppet, not a man...!
Yuuji: And Yumiko's a woman who can grieve for a puppet. Weren't you listening? She dragged me up out of that same muck you're sinking in.
Michiaki: Is that really...?
Yuuji: Yes. I wouldn't even be standing in this room otherwise...
Narration: *Yumiko's lingering unhappiness wasn't a product of bitterness, much less a desire for revenge. It was something else entirely.*
Narration: *...And that's why I came here. To show them a path toward accepting the past.*
Yuuji: ...That's not going to be your "final request." I'll come see you again. Make sure you stick around until then...
Narration: *Turning around once more, I head for the door.*
Narration: *This time, there's no call from behind.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...?
Narration: *Yumiko's not standing in the hallway where I left her.*
Narration: *But it doesn't take long for me to realize where she's gone.*
Narration: *The weather's nice today. She has to be there.*
Narration: *A powerful wind gusts across the rooftop.*
Narration: *Sandwiched between the vivid blue sky and dull grey concrete, a small white thing flutters in the breeze.*
Narration: *A slender milepost, marking the spot where it all began and the spot where it's going to end.*
Narration: *Her white skirt and long black hair dance in the air as I slowly approach.*
Yumiko: Gh... *Sob*... Hh...!
Narration: *Wrapping my arms around that slim body from behind, I embrace it tightly.*
Narration: *Yumiko must've realized I was approaching. Without flinching or turning around, she reaches up to grasp at my hand.*
Yumiko: Aah... ghh... *Hic*... *Sob*...!
Narration: *Shoulders trembling softly, she lets her tears spill freely down onto my arm.*
Yumiko: Thank you... for taking me here, Yuuji...
Yumiko: Thank you so much...
Narration: *Affectionately stroking my hand, Yumiko thanks me again and again.*
Narration: *The wind gusts strongly past us, but we accept it head-on, steady as a deeply-rooted tree.*
Yumiko: I have... a request for you, Yuuji. Will you hear me out...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Shoot...
Yumiko: I... want to teach my father...
Yumiko: I want to teach Dad how to find himself. Just like you taught me, Yuuji...
Narration: *She chokes up repeatedly as the words leave her mouth; and yet, her voice seems strong and firm.*
Yuuji: ...It's going to take a while, you know?
Narration: *Sakaki Michiaki has many, many empty years behind him.*
Narration: *Filling that massive void won't be a small project. Or an easy one.*
Yumiko: ...Yes, but I'll be fine... After all, I'm not alone...
Narration: *Her hand squeezes fiercely down on mine.*
Yumiko: So... I'll be fine.
Narration: *I nod and squeeze back.*
Narration: *The words I spoke to Michiaki were my honest feelings.*
Narration: *It's only because of Yumiko that I'm here today. I owe her everything.*
Yuuji: All right. Let's teach him together...
Yumiko: Yes...
Narration: *With that, Yumiko falls silent once more. Grasping my hand, she gazes up into the sky and lets the wind break against her body.*
Narration: *Beautiful summer clouds drift by far overhead.*
Narration: *The sky Yumiko watched before was always a lonely place.*
Narration: *The vault of blue was a symbol of nothingness. A reflection of the emptiness below.*
Narration: *...But right now, I think she's seeing something very different up there.*
JB: ...Come in.
Chiara: Pardon me.
JB: Your report on the matter in question?
Chiara: Yes, that's right.
JB: ...Very well. Let's hear it.
Chiara: The hostile faction tied to the East Beach Railways Group has essentially been eliminated. With the sudden death of Major General Kadoma, the ringleader, their strength and influence has steadily declined.
Chiara: We do have intelligence to suggest elements of organized crime are cooperating with the remnants of their organization to raise war funds, but it seems unworthy of our attention for the moment.
JB: What about Sakaki Michiaki's movements?
Chiara: There were signs of significant emotional breakdown following his fall from power, but thanks to the support of his daughter, he seems to be making something of a recovery. It's probably safe to say he won't pursue any reckless attempts at revenge.
JB: The man really should've contented himself to expand his power in a way that didn't threaten the national interest. Once the wrong people found out about what he was trying to pull, his fate was all but sealed.
Chiara: From what we're hearing out of Foreign Affairs, that woman from overseas who the Major General was supposedly colluding with seems to have been dealt with as well.
JB: Ah, Major General Kadoma was certainly a bit of a fool himself.
JB: He could very well have ended up a member of the Diet if he'd just kept his head down... But instead, that ridiculous mid-life crisis led him straight to an untimely "natural death."
Chiara: ...As for Major General Kadoma's successor, it seems Colonel Uchida will be receiving the promotion.
JB: That harmless old man sounds like a nice safe choice.
JB: A pointless middle-management job like that is best occupied by a rubber stamp in human form. And when it comes to this workplace in particular, an utter lack of ambition is ideal.
Chiara: In other words... this all played out exactly how the higher-ups wanted?
JB: That's right. Everything and everyone was in the palm of their hand from start to finish. Including those children who actually confronted Sakaki Michiaki... and us.
Chiara: It's too bad about 9029, isn't it? We couldn't manage to keep him on board...
JB: ...Well, what can you do? He has a wife and child these days. Can't expect him to go putting himself on the line anymore. It was the right time...
Chiara: ......
JB: ...Is there some reason you're staring at my face?
Chiara: You look lonely, Chief.
JB: ...Kindly spare me the psychoanalysis, Chiara. Go make a pot of coffee.
Chiara: ...Yes, of course. This concludes my report.
JB: ......
Narration: *Pulled along by a small hand, I walk down a gently curving road at the side of a familiar river.*
Narration: *I have to bend over a little to match the height of my companion. Moving at an awkward trot, I do my best to keep up.*
Yuma: Daddy, you're slow! Get a move on!
Yuuji: Maybe you could slow down instead, Yuma...
Yuma: Hurry up or we'll run out of sun!
Narration: *My entreaty, delivered with a lopsided half-smile, is shot down instantly.*
Narration: *As Yuma hauls me forward with renewed vigor, I hear a quiet giggle from behind us.*
Yuuji: Look, Yumiko. Can you stop laughing and say something to the kid...?
Narration: *Ignoring this request entirely, Yumiko smiles over at us.*
Narration: *One of her hands is occupied with a picnic basket, the other with a bag full of painting materials.*
Narration: *She watches her husband and only daughter run noisily along with an expression of profound contentment on her face.*
Yuma: We're here! Here, Daddy, sit! Mommy goes here!
Narration: *With practiced movements, Yuma brushes away a little dirt, then guides us to our seats on the grass.*
Narration: *The instant Yumiko's settled herself onto the ground, Yuma slips in between her legs and onto her lap.*
Yuuji: Why don't you sit with me every once in a while, Yuma?
Yuma: No way. Your knees are all bony, Daddy!
Narration: *Kicking her stubby legs in the air, Yuma turns her face away in rejection.*
Narration: *Yumiko, of course, just watches and laughs. Typical.*
Yuma: Mommy, pictures! I wanna draw pictures!
Narration: *Looking back at her mother, Yuma makes her usual demand.*
Narration: *Yumiko nods and retrieves a sketchbook from her bag.*
Narration: *Coming here has become part of our normal routine.*
Narration: *It's always the three of us: Yumiko, me, and our only child. Pretty much every weekend, we're here performing a happy-family number sweet enough that it'd likely nauseate any unfortunate observers.*
Yumiko: Come on, hold it more carefully. You'll get yourself dirty again, you know?
Narration: *Yumiko reaches down and makes Yuma shift the marker in her hand to a more normal grip.*
Narration: *Last week, the budding artist in question ended up defacing one of her favorite blouses as a result of that sloppy marker technique.*
Yuma: Uh-huh!
Narration: *With this energetic response, Yuma immediately switches back to her bizarre initial grip.*
Yumiko: Honestly, in one ear and out the other...
Narration: *Smiling wryly, Yumiko takes our daughter's small hand in hers and shifts the marker again.*
Narration: *Hard to believe it's the same hand that once came flying at my face in unthinking rejection.*
Yumiko: So Dad's finally leaving the hospital...
Yuuji: Sounds like all the tests were good. I'm glad...
Narration: *Yumiko nods brightly.*
Narration: *Just the other day, the doctor in charge of Michiaki's case granted approval for a discharge from the hospital.*
Narration: *Yumiko's years of steady, determined effort have finally been rewarded.*
Yuma: Grampa's gettin' outta the hospital!?
Yuuji: Yeah. Good thing we had you around, Yuma...
Yuma: Huh? Why?
Narration: *In response to this innocent question, I just stroke her head.*
Narration: *Yuma's cheerfulness provided more than enough warmth to thaw Michiaki's heart.*
Narration: *These days, he's smiling like a good-natured old man every time his granddaughter walks into the room.*
Yumiko: I hope we can bring him here with us next time...
Yuuji: Yeah. Sounds like a plan...
Narration: *Yuma, losing interest in the conversation, scribbles passionately away at her sketchbook.*
Narration: *Gripping the marker firmly in her fist, she piles vaguely circular shapes onto each other seemingly at random.*
Yuma: All done!
Narration: *Looking up at me, she grins from ear to ear and points at the sketchbook.*
Yuma: It's Daddy!
Narration: *A mishmash of shapes that might barely qualify as something like a face stares up at me from the sheet of paper.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry, Yumiko. Seems Yuma might've taken after me instead of you on this front.
Narration: *Unable to find appropriate words of praise, I let out a fatherly sigh.*
Yumiko: We don't know that yet. She might be an amazing artist some day. Right, Yuma?
Yuma: This looks like you, Daddy!
Yuuji: ...We've got to do something about her sense of aesthetics, at least...
Narration: *As I heave another long sigh, my wife and daughter cackle at me.*
Narration: *And when her laughter dies down, Yumiko mumbles a few words to herself.*
Yumiko: I never thought this day would come... but I'm so happy it did.
Narration: *Stroking Yuma's head gently, she continues with three earnest words.*
Yumiko: Thank you, Yuuji.
Narration: *―Once, there was only emptiness inside her.*
Narration: *Yumiko rejected everything, avoided all communication, cut off the lines tying her to the world.*
Narration: *Eventually, the passage of time softened her. Slowly, almost against her will, she began to form new connections. But at first, those bonds inspired only denial and guilt.*
Narration: *Today, she's full to the brim with heartfelt gratitude. It flows out of her as naturally as she breathes.*
Narration: *Every "thank you" is nothing less than proof that Yumiko's embraced this world with open arms. That she's actively chosen to live in it.*
Yuuji: That's my line. Thank you, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Right...
Narration: *After a long and painstaking search, we found happiness.*
Narration: *Of course, it's a fragile thing with no constant form. We still have our struggles and our doubts.*
Narration: *...But it's not just the two of us anymore. There's something else for us to protect; someone else to protect us both.*
Narration: *The future we couldn't begin to imagine is slowly revealing its shape.*
Yuma: I'm drawing Mommy next!
Yumiko: Hehe. I wonder what sort of face that'll be...?
Narration: *The warm, late spring wind blows gently by us.*
Narration: *As the leaves rustle softly in the distance, Yuma's musical voice flies off toward the ocean.*
Narration: *And in the sky we've drawn together, there's not a single speck of cloud―*

Yumiko: Mm...
Narration: *Stroking Yumiko's long hair with one hand, I reach out and gently touch her lips with my fingers.*
Yuuji: You all right? You're trembling.
Yumiko: I'm f-fine...
Narration: *Yumiko answers in a quavery voice that suggests she's far from "fine."*
Narration: *There's no reason for her to hide anything now, but the girl's reflexive obstinacy seems to have kicked in anyway. Still, I guess that's part of her charm.*
Yuuji: I see... In that case, here goes.
Yumiko: Ah...!
Narration: *I press my mouth to Yumiko's nape, then trace my tongue up along her neck, pushing aside her hair as I go.*
Yumiko: St... Sto...!
Narration: *Shaking in my arms, Yumiko reaches up and tries to push me aside.*
Narration: *But within seconds, the pleasure overcomes her discomfort, and her attempts at shoves grow so weak that they end up turning into something closer to a caress.*
Yumiko: N... Not there... Don't...
Narration: *I take the opportunity to bite Yumiko's earlobe lightly, then push my tongue into her ear itself.*
Narration: *Just moving the tip of my tongue around at the very shallowest part of her earhole is enough to make Yumiko tremble again and again.*
Yumiko: Ah...!
Narration: *I begin to slowly rub Yumiko's chest through her school uniform.*
Yumiko: Fwah... wait, I... haaah...!
Narration: *At first, I massage her entire breasts at a leisurely pace, avoiding direct stimulation to the nipples.*
Yumiko: Doing this... in a school uniform... aah...! Makes it feel... so wrong...!
Yuuji: See...? You're starting to enjoy that, aren't you...?
Yumiko: B-But... but...!
Narration: *Her pleasure struggling for dominance against that sense of immorality, Yumiko blushes furiously even as she barrages me with vague objections.*
Yuuji: Probably about time we gave you a little attention down here as well.
Yumiko: No, wait...!
Narration: *I stretch my right hand further down and take hold of the hem of her skirt.*
Narration: *Raising it away from her legs with a teasingly slow movement of my arm, I expose Yumiko's upper legs to the air.*
Yumiko: No, that's embarrassing...!
Narration: *Yumiko squeezes her thighs together in an attempt to resist.*
Narration: *I promptly slide my right hand in between and force her legs apart.*
Yumiko: Auu...!
Narration: *Just as Yumiko did last night, I settle my hand against her panties and rub gently with the tips of my fingers.*
Yumiko: Ah, haah... fwaah...!
Narration: *High-pitched moans begin to spill intermittently from Yumiko's mouth.*
Narration: *My caresses have barely advanced past the "touching" stage, but she's already wet enough to dampen my fingers through the cloth.*
Yumiko: W-Wait, not both at once... hyaaaah!
Narration: *One hand on her breast, the other against her groin, I attack Yumiko on two fronts.*
Narration: *This is pretty much child's play from my perspective, but she yelps repeatedly as I move my fingers, and I can hear her breath growing ragged.*
Yumiko: Wh, wait... wait...!
Narration: *At Yumiko's request, I pause the movement of my hands.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Am I hurting you?
Yumiko: N-No, no... but...
Narration: *Still leaning her body against mine, Yumiko spends a few seconds just gasping for air.*
Yumiko: U-Uhm, it didn't hurt, but... well...
Yuuji: Spit it out already.
Yumiko: Every time you touched me, my head was getting fuzzier... and no matter how hard I tried to hold out, my legs started shaking so hard I could barely stand...
Yumiko: It felt like I was going to fall down... That's why... I asked you to wait for a while...
Narration: *...All that from a few minutes of light fingering?*
Narration: *As molesters go, this girl really is pretty damn innocent. Warms the cockles of my wicked heart.*
Yuuji: All right. In that case, why don't we just lie you down...?
Yumiko: Wait, but that's...
Narration: *Yumiko seems to understand what that means. I can feel her body tensing up a little against me.*
Yumiko: Kyaa...
Narration: *Not that I let that stop me. Scooping her up in my arms, I gently deposit her onto the futon.*
Yumiko: Nnh...!
Narration: *As soon as Yumiko's settled on the blanket, I press my lips strongly against hers, then begin undoing the buttons on her uniform.*
Yumiko: Nn, nfh...!?
Narration: *She notices this immediately, and attempts to cry out in surprise.*
Yuuji: Hey, eyes up here...
Yumiko: Nffh...! Nnh, *Smack* *Slurp*...
Narration: *I invade Yumiko's mouth with my tongue, forcibly redirecting her attention.*
Yumiko: Kuhaaa, *Smack*... *Kiss* *Smack*...
Narration: *Keeping her dazed and distracted by means of a vigorous game of tonsil hockey, I finish up with the buttons and carefully remove her blouse.*
Yumiko: Hwaa... nhaah, *Kiss* *Kiss*
Narration: *Yumiko lets her eyes fall halfway shut, heat radiating from her flushed cheeks.*
Narration: *Perhaps remembering my earlier caresses, she begins to coil her small tongue hesitantly around mine, as if to request more teasing.*
Yuuji: We'll save the rest for later...
Narration: *Abruptly cutting off the French kiss, I pull away from Yumiko's face and reach down for her underwear.*
Yumiko: Nhah...! Ah, no, not there...!
Narration: *She reaches out to intercept me, but apparently the foreplay has already weakened her a bit - it's a pretty feeble attempt at resistance.*
Narration: *Using both hands, I slowly begin to lower Yumiko's panties in order to begin the final preparations.*
Yumiko: Ah...!
Narration: *A distinctly female scent fills the air as I take in the glistening line of moisture running the length of her vagina.*
Yumiko: N-No...!
Narration: *Gently holding back Yumiko's hands as she tries to cover herself, I savor the scene before my eyes.*
Narration: *Her breasts, hidden only by a thin layer of cloth, move up and down with every excited breath. Her pink-colored privates peek out from behind half-removed underwear.*
Narration: *The deeply bashful expression on Yumiko's face isn't half bad either. I observe it all at great length, carefully recording the image in my mind.*
Yumiko: I-I said no, didn't I...!?
Narration: *Apparently Yumiko finds this somewhat embarrassing. She manages to squeak out a fairly strong protest.*
Narration: *Still staring down at her, I speak a few words in response.*
Yuuji: ...You've got one hell of a body.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Narration: *Yumiko reacts to this announcement with sheer bewilderment.*
Yuuji: I've seen a few naked women in my time, but never one quite this beautiful. Seriously.
Narration: *Yumiko's confused expression gradually changes to one of embarrassment.*
Narration: *But unlike a moment ago, there's also a visible tinge of happiness in her eyes.*
Yumiko: ...Where'd that come from? What a weird way to compliment someone...
Narration: *She mumbles some vaguely disgruntled-sounding words, but her attitude's clearly softened quite a bit.*
Narration: *As my master never tired of telling me, the first rule of dealing with women is "compliment them." There aren't many females who get in a bad mood when praised...*
Yuuji: I'm a lucky man. It's not every day you get to make love to a woman with this gorgeous a body...
Yumiko: C-Cut it out already... Go back to normal. Normal is fine...
Narration: *But it seems Sakaki genuinely finds it embarrassing to have her body admired. She interrupts me halfway through my monologue, squirming around with her face a remarkable shade of crimson.*
Yuuji: All right, got it...
Narration: *...Those words were part of my strategy, but they were also absolutely true. She's a remarkably attractive woman.*
Narration: *From what I've seen of her daily life, it doesn't look like Yumiko takes care of herself that diligently... In fact, she's surprisingly self-indulgent in many respects. But her body's still beautifully slender and well-balanced.*
Narration: *Considering the way Amane moans about blubber bulging out of her waist the moment she lets down her guard, she'd probably despise Sakaki if she knew about this miraculous metabolism.*
Narration: *God is truly capricious and cruel...*
Yumiko: ...What're you thinking about this time...?
Narration: *As I've resumed staring silently down at her body, Yumiko asks another question in a dubious tone of voice.*
Yuuji: Uh, it's nothing...
Yumiko: Really...? Ah, mnnh... *Smack*...
Narration: *I gently seal Yumiko's lips before this line of questioning can proceed any further.*
Yumiko: Nn, *Kiss* *Smack*... *Kiss*...
Narration: *At first, it's a series of light, pecking kisses, moving quickly around her mouth.*
Narration: *After that, I push my mouth forward and plunge in a bit more deeply.*
Yumiko: *Kiss*... *Kiss*... *Shlrp*...!? Nngh...!
Narration: *Wrenching Yumiko's lips apart with my tongue, I abruptly shove my way back inside her mouth.*
Yumiko: *Slurp*... mnn, *Kiss*... mnnngh...!
Narration: *Taken by surprise, Yumiko smacks my back repeatedly with the palm of her hand.*
Narration: *I ignore this attempt at a tap-out entirely. My tongue explores more vigorously than before, moving up and down and to both sides with confident, quick thrusts.*
Yumiko: Hnngh... *Shmck*... *Slrp*... nngh...!
Narration: *Yumiko's taken aback by the sudden assault.*
Narration: *Not even fighting back, she passively allows me to violate the inside of her mouth.*
Yumiko: Ngh, nfh... nngh... mnnh!
Narration: *From the back of her teeth to the bottom of her tongue to the inside of her lips, I freely explore parts of Yumiko she's rarely even touched herself.*
Narration: *After a few moments, Yumiko's tongue timidly starts to respond, then gradually begins to tangle against my own.*
Yumiko: Nnn... nhaaah...!
Narration: *Finally, Yumiko's lips separate from mine.*
Narration: *Saliva spilling from the corners of her mouth, her eyes unfocused and dreamy, she pants like an excited animal.*
Yumiko: W... What do you... think you're...!
Narration: *Although Yumiko's face suggests she enjoyed that a great deal, she still tries to lodge a protest against my sudden deep kiss.*
Narration: *For the moment, I decide to quiet her down.*
Yumiko: Hey, listen t... fwaaaaah...!
Narration: *...But this time, instead of covering her mouth directly, I interrupt by playing with her nipples through the bra.*
Yumiko: Wait, slow down, fwaah, nooo...!
Narration: *I'm only rubbing gently with my fingertips, but Yumiko's body twitches violently in response, and her voice quickly slides back to the same high pitch as before.*
Yumiko: D-Don't, not y... W-Wait...!
Narration: *Yumiko's hand tries to push mine away.*
Narration: *In retaliation, I flick her nipples sharply with my index fingers.*
Yumiko: Hyaaaaaa!
Narration: *Instantaneously, Yumiko's body arches backward in an impressive display of flexibility.*
Narration: *That interfering hand falls limply to her side with an audible thump.*
Yumiko: Haa... haa... haa...!
Narration: *The stimulation seems to have been strong enough to knock the wind out of the girl. She closes her eyes and gasps loudly for air.*
Yuuji: You're ridiculously sensitive, Yumiko...
Yumiko: Haa... haa... un...believable... You didn't even... warn me...!
Narration: *The most sensitive parts of her body, places she's only touched gingerly until now, are suddenly being groped mercilessly by someone else.*
Narration: *It was incredibly shocking even for me the first few times. Not surprising that Yumiko was overwhelmed by the pleasure.*
Yuuji: If you're enjoying it this much already, you're going to be in another world real soon.
Yumiko: That's why... I'm telling you to take it slowly... Please, be a little more... gentle...
Yuuji: ...It's not like I'm biting you or anything. This is about as gentle as it gets.
Yumiko: B-But if you go any further than this, I-I'm going to...
Narration: *Her face is dopey with pleasure, but there's a timid uneasiness in her eyes.*
Narration: *Quite the contrast with Yumiko's usual stone-faced mask. I can feel the blood growing a little hotter in my veins.*
Yuuji: All right then. Picking up where we left off.
Yumiko: Wha, hold on, I told you to wait a... hyah!
Narration: *Before the words can leave Yumiko's mouth, my fingers are moving across her nipples once again.*
Yumiko: No, I said you can't! Please don't play with them...!
Narration: *She begs me for mercy. In response, I squeeze down even harder than before.*
Yumiko: Fwaaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *Once again, Yumiko's body arches like a bow being strung.*
Narration: *I wait just long enough for her initial reaction to fade, then resume moving my fingers slightly against her breasts.*
Yumiko: Hya, hyuu, fwaah, hyaaah...!
Narration: *With every movement, Yumiko quivers visibly against the futon.*
Yumiko: No, don't rub them around...!
Narration: *I knead her nipples in circles with the very tips of my fingers, ignoring her pleas.*
Narration: *On a remarkably regular rhythm, Yumiko's body tenses then relaxes, tenses then relaxes.*
Narration: *...The girl's wearing a bra, even if it is pretty thin. Is she going to faint when I actually touch her skin?*
Narration: *She's so obviously drowning in pleasure that it feels like a legitimate concern.*
Yumiko: Nooo! Aaah, they're getting... all tingly... No... dooon't...!
Narration: *I can practically see the stimulation spreading from the tip of Yumiko's breasts throughout her body. Her expression's downright ecstatic, and her breath's growing wilder by the second.*
Narration: *At this rate, I could probably get her to come just by playing with her nipples, but for the moment I pull my hands away.*
Yumiko: Haa... haaah... huh...?
Narration: *Yumiko looks up at me with an expression of pure confusion.*
Narration: *Before she can ask why I stopped, I begin to move my head further down her body.*
Yumiko: !!!
Narration: *Instantly figuring out what I'm up to, Yumiko reaches down to block my progress.*
Yuuji: Why're you trying to stop me?
Narration: *Instead of pushing her hands aside, I ask a question to which I already know the answer.*
Yumiko: W-Well, you, you're planning to... l-lick me down there, aren't you!?
Yuuji: Yes.
Yumiko: You can't! Not there, not with your tongue...! A-At least use... your fingers or something...
Narration: *This seems to be a very significant distinction to Yumiko for some reason.*
Narration: *Unfortunately for her, the girl hasn't quite figured me out yet. By begging me not to, she's sealed her fate...*
Yuuji: Understood. I'm going to lick your pussy now.
Yumiko: Y-You didn't understand at all! Hold on a...!
Narration: *As Yumiko reaches down in protest, I seize hold of one breast in a diversionary maneuver.*
Yumiko: Ah...!
Narration: *Before she can react, I stroke her nipple with my index finger and tightly squeeze her entire breast against my palm.*
Yumiko: Ah, aah...
Narration: *Yumiko's resistance falters all too easily.*
Narration: *Seizing my opportunity, I lower my head toward her slender white legs.*
Yumiko: D-Don't...!
Narration: *The girl tries to clamp them shut, but I bury my face in her crotch at the last possible moment with all the flair of an action hero rolling under a door.*
Narration: *As her soft thighs squeeze against either side of my head, I'm enveloped in the thick smell of a distinctly horny woman.*
Yumiko: Ah... aaah...
Narration: *Yumiko clearly knows what's coming next. She moans hopelessly in anticipation.*
Narration: *As if to answer her cry, I press my tongue lightly against its target.*
Yumiko: Aaaaaaaaaaaah...!!!
Narration: *She instantly curves up off the bed, much more sharply than when I teased her nipples.*
Narration: *The already small hole constricts itself tightly, squeezing down around my tongue.*
Yumiko: Haaah, haa, haa...
Narration: *Shoulders heaving, Yumiko tries to catch her breath.*
Narration: *I move my tongue before she has the chance.*
Yumiko: Hyaa, fwaaah... D-Don't... Don't move it around...!
Narration: *Imitating the movement of a penis, I repeatedly push my tongue inside her then draw it out.*
Yumiko: I-I sh... said, don't... move i... hyaaaaau...!!
Narration: *Naturally, I completely disregard Yumiko's request. The more she pleads, the faster I move.*
Yumiko: Aaah, aaah...! Haaa, nn... n-nooo...!
Narration: *In between these thrusts, I drag my tongue up along her labia briefly. The results are even more impressive than I'd expected.*
Yumiko: N-Not with th... tongue... It's too... embarra... haaah, fwaaaah...!
Narration: *Being licked seems to remind Yumiko that I'm doing all of this with my tongue, sending her into a paroxysm of shame.*
Narration: *Fortunately, the overwhelming pleasure coursing through her body quickly sweeps the shyness out of her mind entirely.*
Yumiko: Hyaah, haau, fwaaah, haa, haaa...!
Narration: *And soon enough, the bashfulness disappears from Yumiko's voice, her pleas replaced with heated pants of ecstasy.*
Yumiko: Haaa, ah, no, I'm going... haaah, going to... comeee...!
Narration: *Yumiko voices her excitement in a high-pitched tone that suggests she's finally given up her futile resistance.*
Narration: *Taking that as my cue, I abruptly accelerate the movement of my tongue against her vagina and my fingers against her breast.*
Yumiko: Hyaaaa, nhhhoooo, I'm co... comingggg!! 
Narration: *Yumiko practically shrieks the words, her voice completely unlike anything I've ever heard from her.*
Yumiko: Fwaaah, haaa, haaaaaaaah...!!!
Narration: *And as her body goes stiff underneath me, Yumiko reaches her climax.*
Narration: *I watch in satisfaction as she surrenders herself completely to the pleasure, her mouth twitching uncontrollably but producing no sound.*
Yumiko: Haaa, haa, haaaaa...
Narration: *After the tremors finally begin to die down, her tightly shut eyes inch open to look up at me.*
Yuuji: ...You all right, Yumiko...?
Narration: *It was such a dramatic orgasm that I'm genuinely worried the girl might've pulled a muscle or something.*
Yumiko: Haaah... I don't... know... It was so...
Yumiko: So different... from when I do it myself... I was... shocked...
Yuuji: ...Well, I think you'll live.
Narration: *Sounds like the pleasure was just more intense than she'd anticipated. That's a relief, I suppose.*
Narration: *After waiting patiently for Yumiko to catch her breath, I look into her eyes and speak in a slightly teasing tone of voice.*
Yuuji: Well? Did that feel good?
Yumiko: ...You were watching, weren't you? I think you can figure that much out for yourself...
Narration: *Yumiko responds in a highly sulky tone.*
Narration: *Seems like she found that a somewhat embarrassing experience, judging from her refusal to respond honestly... Still, that reaction's a clear enough answer in its own right.*
Yumiko: ...You... made me come, didn't you...?
Yuuji: What, you just noticed? Did it look someone else down there?
Yumiko: ...Don't be an idiot. That's not what I meant...
Narration: *Yumiko stares down at the uniform she's half-wearing.*
Yumiko: ...Maybe it's because we're wearing these? It doesn't quite feel real yet...
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: It's so odd... Just a year ago, we were complete strangers...
Narration: *When Yumiko speaks those words, I start to feel a little strange myself.*
Narration: *It's exactly as she says. Twelve months ago, we'd never even met.*
Narration: *But through an odd sequence of events, we've ended up in this little room, baring our bodies to each other.*
Narration: *The more you think about it, the less real it seems. "Strange" is a very appropriate word.*
Narration: *Wearing the same clothes as when we first met, the uniform that came into being after Yumiko's life fell apart, only strengthens that uncanny feeling.*
Yuuji: But right now, I care about you more than anyone or anything else in the world.
Yumiko: ...Kazami-kun...
Yuuji: How about you, Yumiko...?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Yumiko responds with a sweet smile.*
Yumiko: Yes... I feel the same... You're the most important person in my life...
Yuuji: Happy to hear it...
Narration: *With that settled, I decide to move on to an even more surreal and decisive step on this strange journey.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Narration: *I lean over Yumiko and gently lift her legs into the air.*
Yumiko: Ah...
Narration: *Yumiko seems to understand what that signifies immediately.*
Narration: *But this time, she just lies there quietly, not squirming or resisting.*
Narration: *I look down at Yumiko, now lying on the futon with her legs bent into the air, and speak to her with my eyes.*
Narration: *She answers me with a quiet, resolute nod, then begins to close her eyes.*
Yumiko: W-Wait...!
Narration: *But just as I'm about to bring our bodies together, Yumiko calls out to stop me.*
Yumiko: ...T-This is going to hurt, isn't it...?
Narration: *Her voice is tinged with obvious unease.*
Narration: *...The answer's obvious, but the more it's on your mind, the more tense your body becomes.*
Yuuji: It's all right. I'm going to put it in little by little, so it shouldn't hurt too much.
Yumiko: Really...?
Narration: *Naturally, that's a load of bullshit. Sometimes breaking a hymen doesn't cause any pain at all, but that's got very little to do with anything the man does.*
Narration: *Right now, the most I can do is use Yumiko's ignorance in an underhanded ploy to ease her fears a little.*
Yuuji: All right then, I'm going to get started... I know it's hard, but try to keep your body as relaxed and loose as possible...
Yumiko: O-Okay...!
Narration: *Once again, Yumiko squeezes her eyes tightly shut.*
Narration: *I can tell from her face that the girl's about as far from "relaxed" as humanly possible, but there's not a whole lot to be done about that.*
Narration: *It's not so different from giving a shot to a kid... Pretty much pointless to ask someone not to tense up when they know something painful is coming.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *Pressing the tip of my penis against the mouth of Yumiko's vagina, I firmly push my waist forward.*
Narration: *Just as I'm feeling something tear near the entrance, she cries out.*
Yumiko: Ah... guh...! O... Oww...!!
Narration: *The pain seems to have come instantly. Yumiko's face distorts in anguish.*
Narration: *There's an unmistakable sense of pushing through a weak wall of flesh as I advance. I've just broken her hymen.*
Yumiko: Ow... uuu... Is t-this... supposed to be... gentle...?
Narration: *Yumiko asks the question in a pain-choked voice.*
Yuuji: Yeah... this is the best I can do...!
Yumiko: R-Really...? Okay... b-but it... hurtssss!
Narration: *Another lie on top of it all. Being too "gentle" right now would only drag out the initial pain. Instead, I slowly but steadily push my way further inside Yumiko.*
Yumiko: Aaaah... kuh...!!!
Yuuji: Gah...!
Narration: *Even with her hymen gone, the walls of Yumiko's vagina press so tightly together that it takes real effort to make any headway.*
Yumiko: Haaa... haa... kuhhh...
Yuuji: Phew...
Narration: *After what seems like minutes, I finally manage to reach all the way inside her. But both of us have used a lot of energy just to get this far.*
Narration: *Yumiko's been desperately enduring the pain, and I've been taking great pains to find the best balance of speed and power to make it easier on her...*
Yumiko: Something's... inside me...
Yuuji: ...Yeah. A little something of mine.
Yumiko: It feels... so incredibly strange... It still hurts, too...
Narration: *Seems like the pain from that first moment's still lingering clearly. Yumiko reaches down to her lower abdomen and strokes it gingerly.*
Yumiko: But... knowing that you're the one inside me... makes it so much more tolerable...
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Yumiko: It's not any less painful than before, but I do feel... very content...
Narration: *Yumiko looks up at me with a deeply tranquil expression on her face. I've never seen her like this before.*
Narration: *The relief and trust in her eyes brings back that sense of weight on my shoulders.*
Yuuji: I'm going to move... That all right with you?
Yumiko: Yes...
Narration: *I slowly pull my body backward from its position over Yumiko.*
Yumiko: Nnuh... nn, khh...!
Narration: *The retreat seems to be a little painful in its own right; a few more choked moans slip out of her mouth.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Yumiko: I-I'm fine... Keep going...
Narration: *Once again, I push myself deep inside her.*
Narration: *Compared to the difficult first thrust, it's a noticeably smoother journey.*
Yumiko: Guh... nnh, ow... nnha...!
Narration: *Maybe it's just my imagination, but Yumiko's grunts of pain seem to have grown softer as well.*
Narration: *I begin to pick up the deliberate rhythm of my movements very slightly.*
Yumiko: Haa, haaa... aaah...!
Narration: *Yumiko's vagina had been impeding me stubbornly at first, but little by little it starts to welcome me with lubricating fluid. The thrusts grow smoother and easier.*
Yumiko: Aanh... haa, nn, nnngh...!
Narration: *Her entire body trembling underneath me, Yumiko's moans begin to take on a sweeter tone.*
Narration: *As I push in and out again and again, I can see and hear her pain slowly fading into pleasure.*
Yuuji: Yumiko... has it stopped hurting yet...?
Yumiko: It still... hurts a little... but I can handle i... fwaah, aaah...!
Narration: *Her arousal already seems to be erasing that lingering discomfort.*
Narration: *I guess that lengthy foreplay paid off. She's clearly starting to enjoy my thrusts.*
Narration: *Can't remember if I've ever seen a woman feel this good on her first... Uh, wait, just thinking about that right now is definitely breaking the rules.*
Yumiko: Haaah, naah... nhaaah, haaa, fwah... aaah...!
Narration: *In an effort to drive the wicked thoughts from my mind, I devote all my attention to slapping my waist against Yumiko's.*
Narration: *She's feeling mostly pleasure at this point, so now the kid gloves can come off.*
Yumiko: Nooo... n-not like... that... Gent...ly... Please, slow down...!
Narration: *She's not saying that because it hurts. It's exactly the opposite, in fact.*
Narration: *And so, ignoring Yumiko's wishes yet again, I raise the tempo still further.*
Yumiko: Haaa, kuhh... L-Listen to me, you can't... Stop i... fwaaaah!
Narration: *The girl who'd been toughing out a painful defloration only a few minutes ago has disappeared.*
Narration: *In her place, there's a woman panting heatedly with every thrust I make, clutching at her bedsheets to endure the ecstasy.*
Yumiko: Nhaaah, haaah, wha... nooo... T-There too...?
Narration: *Attacking Yumiko's breasts with my hands once more, I amplify her pleasure to new heights.*
Yuuji: ...Feels pretty good when I do this at the same time, right...?
Yumiko: Y-Yes, it does... but... s-stop it anyway... You're going to... drive me... crazy...!
Narration: *Almost frightened by the unexpectedly intense stimulation, Yumiko tries desperately to remove my hand from her breast, even as she quivers in response to the movements of my fingers.*
Yumiko: Ah, haa, haaa, fwaaaaah...
Narration: *Yumiko's moans merge into one continuous stream.*
Narration: *Her brain's basically shut off at this point. She's very close to orgasm.*
Yumiko: Aah, ngggh, I th... think... I'm gonna... c-come...! Aaah, aaaaaaah!
Narration: *Yumiko's voice grows shaky and shrill; just as before, her body arches backward, lifting slightly off the bed.*
Yuuji: Kuh... same here...
Narration: *The ejaculation swells suddenly inside me, filling my entire body with warmth.*
Narration: *I push myself all the way into Yumiko, carrying her warm ejaculate back up with me...*
Yumiko: Fwaah, aaah, aaaaaaaaaah!! 
Narration: *And holding myself steady deep inside, I fill Yumiko with my semen.*
Narration: *I haven't let one out in a while, and it shows. My penis pulses violently again and again. No matter how much rushes out of me, it just keeps coming.*
Yumiko: Haa... haaa, haaa...
Yuuji: Haa, haah... Yumiko...
Narration: *Yumiko looks up at me dreamily and smiles a little.*
Yumiko: Haaa... now... we've really made love, haven't we...?
Yuuji: ...Yeah... no doubt about it...
Yumiko: Yes... no doubt at all...
Yuuji: Yumiko...?
Narration: *A complex mixture of emotions floating briefly across her face, Yumiko closes her eyes in utter exhaustion.*
Narration: *I finally pull myself up out of her, then collapse immediately at her side.*
Narration: *Strong morning sunlight leaks into the room from the gaps in our curtains.*
Narration: *And as I move sluggishly around in search of a position where it won't hit my eyes, I find myself sinking abruptly into sleep.*

Yumiko: I'm done with my bath... Kya!
Narration: *As Yumiko emerges from the bathroom in a fresh set of clothes, I immediately pull her into my arms.*
Yumiko: A-Are we starting already...?
Narration: *She blushes and looks up at me with a slightly hesitant expression.*
Yuuji: That was the plan, I believe.
Yumiko: How about giving me a little time to prepare myself... Steel my nerves, that sort of thing...
Yuuji: You had all day for that, didn't you?
Yumiko: ...W-Well, I suppose.
Narration: *Nodding to herself, Yumiko reaches up and takes my face in her hands...*
Yumiko: I've been looking forward to this too.
Yuuji: Mm...
Narration: *And brings our lips together.*
Narration: *I greedily move my mouth against hers, savoring the softness and warmth of her skin.*
Yumiko: Mm... mmn... ah... nmm.
Yumiko: Mnnn, nnh...
Narration: *Yumiko responds immediately. Her tongue twists around mine and squeezes down like a snake.*
Yumiko: Mm... mnnh... nhaaah, nnn...
Narration: *Assertively stealing the spit from my mouth, Yumiko swallows it down with an audible movement of her slender throat.*
Narration: *Her hands move affectionately against my face and neck as the kiss stretches on.*
Narration: *Our lips don't separate until we finally run out of breath.*
Yumiko: Haa... haaa...
Yuuji: You smell nice and soapy tonight.
Yumiko: Be grateful. I polished myself to a shine for you... Just for you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Yeah. Don't worry, I'll mark you with my scent soon enough...
Yumiko: Hold it.
Yuuji: Hm?
Yumiko: ...I'll get things started this time.
Yuuji: What? You serious, Yumiko?
Narration: *Instead of answering, she squats down in front of me and begins to grope around my crotch.*
Narration: *For a moment I just watch. But the fumbling, uncertain movement of her hands quickly rouses my sadistic side...*
Yumiko: Kya!
Narration: *As I thrust my dick out in front of her, Yumiko yelps and quickly averts her eyes.*
Narration: *Considering she's the one who initiated this, the girl's being awfully innocent about every single step in the process. It's pretty cute.*
Yuuji: Not like it's the first time you've seen my friend here. Why so surprised?
Narration: *I know the answer, but ask the question anyway for the sole purpose of teasing her.*
Yumiko: Well, yes... but this is the first time I've seen it this close.
Narration: *She shoots quick, almost fearful glances at it out of the corner of her eye.*
Yumiko: It's... rather difficult to believe this thing was actually inside me...
Narration: *"This thing," is it...?*
Narration: *Well, compared to Yumiko's lovely face, I can't deny my friend down there looks pretty grotesque.*
Yuuji: Do you know how to do this?
Narration: *Charming as her ridiculous innocence may be, I'm starting to get slightly worried about whether she can really pull this off.*
Narration: *I sincerely hope she knows better, but if Yumiko were to suddenly chomp down on the poor little guy, it would be just too tragic...*
Yumiko: I'm not completely clueless, thank you very much.
Narration: *Yumiko answers in a voice suddenly brimming with confidence.*
Narration: *Probably more information she picked up off the Internet. Hard to say how useful that stuff will actually be for a complete first-timer.*
Narration: *Even the best guide is no substitute for actual experience. That's a fundamental rule that applies equally to everything from my specialized line of work to giving a blowjob.*
Yuuji: Might be a little tough just with superficial knowledge. Want me to walk you through it?
Narration: *But Yumiko just shakes her head―*
Yumiko: ...Today, I want to be the one who makes you feel good, Yuuji. Let me do this myself.
Yuuji: ...All right.
Narration: *Pushing Yumiko too stubbornly on this might end up hurting her feelings.*
Narration: *She repositions herself between my legs, heaves a long, heavy sigh, then mumbles a few words of self-persuasion―*
Yumiko: I really do know how to do this.
Yuuji: Yes, so you keep saying.
Yumiko: ...Please shut up for a minute.
Narration: *Apparently having some difficulty "steeling her nerves" or whatever, she stares intently at my penis for ten long seconds...*
Yumiko: ...W-Why don't you say something already?
Yuuji: Didn't you tell me to shut up?
Yumiko: Oh, shut up! Just say something! I'm trying to do a pretty unbelievable thing, so... well... maybe I can use that to... g-get myself started. I need a signal to take the first step...
Yuuji: ...I bet those soft, pretty lips of yours would feel incredibly good, Yumiko.
Yumiko: I wasn't asking for more of your bizarre compliments...
Narration: *I interrupt Yumiko's complaint before she can finish the sentence.*
Yuuji: Do it, Yumiko.
Narration: *She stiffens with a visible jerk, then firmly nods her head...*
Yumiko: ...All right. Here goes... Mmf... nnn.
Narration: *With an almost robotic awkwardness, her trembling tongue slowly pushes its way out of her mouth.*
Narration: *...I noticed the first time around that the girl's got a bit of a masochistic side, but to think she was hoping for such a forceful order... Hell of a contrast from the normal attitude.*
Narration: *As I try to suppress a wry smile, Yumiko hesitates for a moment in inner debate―*
Yumiko: *Smack*... Mm.
Narration: *Then touches her tongue to the bottom of my glans.*
Yumiko: *Smack*... *Lick*... Nn...
Narration: *Slowly, timidly, she begins to lap at the head of my penis like a kitten cleaning its paw.*
Narration: *The awkward, ticklish movements of her tongue send small shivers running up my spine.*
Narration: *She's incomparably clumsier than the pros, but just knowing that Yumiko's kneeling in front of me and licking my cock fills me with a strange and powerful sense of euphoria.*
Yumiko: Nn, amn, *Lick*... *Kiss*... *Slrp*... Haa... *Kiss*
Narration: *After a while, her initial fear seems to weaken. She alternates licking along the fat blood vessel below and planting cute little kisses on the head of my cock.*
Yumiko: ...Haa... haa, haa, haa... nnh. To think... you used this enormous, hard thing... haa, haa... to torment my poor little vagina...
Narration: *She presses her tongue forward more strongly, as if to cover my shaft in her saliva.*
Yumiko: ...Nn, *Kiss*... *Smack*... What a terrible act of cruelty... And you really enjoyed it, didn't you?
Yuuji: There was no tormenting involved. Just affectionate lovemaking.
Yumiko: Don't lie. You were tormenting me. So this time... i-it's my turn. Understood?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, got it.
Narration: *Apparently, Yumiko needs to believe she's "tormenting" me as payback in order to justify this blowjob to herself.*
Narration: *Seems like a convenient way to push past the embarrassment and anxiety that'd otherwise hold her back.*
Narration: *As I'm thinking the matter over, she pushes her mouth gently up against me...*
Yumiko: *Kiss*... mm... mmmn. Nmam.
Yuuji: # **...Kuh.**
Narration: *And then, with an experimental awkwardness, she begins to slide her lips forward over the head of my penis.*
Yumiko: Nn... mmm... mnnf. I-I'm... 'ucking Yuu'i's... I'm... 'eally 'oing it...
Narration: *Looks as though actually putting my genitals into her mouth has shocked the girl into a little self-reflection. She freezes with my penis still only halfway inside.*
Yumiko: Mnnnfh, nffh, hnnh... mmn...
Narration: *For a while, Yumiko's rough nasal breath is the only sound in the room.*
Yuuji: ...If you don't know how to do this, I can tell you.
Yumiko: No. Nmm... haa, hah. I hon' 'eed hour help, I 'ow 'hat much... Nmm. Nnnnh!
Narration: *She tightly shuts her eyes in an attempt to regain her determination. In the next moment, her lips squeeze down tightly, then crawl ahead. My penis sinks slowly into her warm, wet mouth.*
Yumiko: Nnn! ...Nggh. Mmfh... nnfh, nnnh!
Narration: *All of a sudden, Yumiko shudders in what seems to be discomfort. Looks like I'm in all the way to the back of her throat.*
Yuuji: ...You don't have to push yourself.
Narration: *My penis still firmly ensconced in her mouth, Yumiko shakes her head slightly to the left and right.*
Yumiko: Mmfh, haah, nn. 'et me, ov'rho it...
Narration: *With the same gradual rate of speed she used on the way in, the girl pulls her lips back as far as the neck of my glans.*
Yumiko: Nmm... Haa, haa... nn. Ish th's 'ight?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's the way.
Yumiko: Tha'h a re'ief... Nn, mm, nmmmmm.
Narration: *Once again, Yumiko takes my penis deeper inside.*
Narration: *The girl evidently hasn't gotten the hang of this yet. She repeats the motions slowly and cautiously to the point that it's almost frustrating.*
Yumiko: Haa, haa... do you 'ant me to go fa'ter?
Yuuji: That might be good.
Yumiko: Ohay...
Narration: *Suddenly, her lips fasten even more strongly against me...*
Yumiko: *Smack*... haa, haa, nnh! Nngh... *Smack*
Narration: *And begin to move much faster than before, noisily sliding back and forth along the shaft of my penis.*
Yumiko: Nnkh... mm, *Smack*... *Smack*... ggngh! *Cough*... nnn... haa, haa... *Slrp*...
Narration: *Her movements are still awkward, and sometimes her face contorts in obvious discomfort, but Yumiko keeps moving at a steady pace.*
Yumiko: *Smack*... nmmm... nhhh, mnh... *Smack*... *Slrp*
Yuuji: ...Yumiko... kuh...
Narration: *I've gotten plenty of blowjobs that would put this clumsy attempt to shame.*
Narration: *Even so, an unfamiliar pleasure's spreading throughout my body, so powerful that it takes an effort to keep my knees steady.*
Yumiko: *Smack*... Nmm, haa, haa, npph! *Slrp*... Mmm!
Narration: *I gaze down at the lewd spectacle unfolding below me.*
Narration: *Ignoring the sloppy mix of precum and saliva dribbling down to her chin, Yumiko moves her head fervently, without any attempt at technique, relying entirely on passion.*
Yuuji: (Even a clumsy blowjob like this feels unbelievable when it's coming from the woman I care about most...)
Narration: *Sensing that she's being watched, Yumiko opens her eyes and looks up at me...*
Yumiko: Nmm... I-I'sh emba'assing, so... 'on't s'are at me 'ike 'hat...
Yuuji: Deal with it. I want to see exactly how you show me affection, Yumiko.
Yumiko: ...Nmm, haa, haa, nn... B-Bully... *Smack*
Narration: *Even as she complains, her mouth stays firmly wrapped around my dick.*
Yumiko: Hnnnm, hnn... D-Does it 'eel 'ood?
Yuuji: Yeah, damn good...
Yumiko: Than' goo'ness... nngh, nmmm... nhhh... *Smack*... *Slrrrp*... Fwaaah, aaah!
Narration: *As I watch quietly, small tremors begin to run through Yumiko's body.*
Yumiko: Nmm... fwaaah... nn, mmmph... *Smack*... ahhn!
Narration: *Her shoulders repeatedly twitch and jerk for no apparent reason.*
Yuuji: (...Is it just me, or is she actually enjoying this?)
Narration: *The girl's obviously been excited from the start, but this reaction looks like outright pleasure...*
Yumiko: *Smack*... *Slrp*... *Slurp*... Mnn... *Smack*... Fwaah!
Narration: *Even better, she finally seems to be picking up the knack of this. The movement of her head is growing much smoother and steadier.*
Yumiko: *Smack*... *Slrp* *Smack*... Fwaah... Nnn... *Smack* *Slurp*... ahn!
Narration: *In between the wet sounds of the blowjob, I can clearly make out the rough panting characteristic of a woman in heat.*
Yuuji: (Okay, the girl really is getting turned on...)
Narration: *Thinking about Yumiko's feelings multiplies the physical stimulation into a throbbing, almost painfully strong pleasure.*
Narration: *As the movements of the girl's lips grow smoother, the erotic sounds emerging from her soft little mouth grow proportionally louder.*
Yumiko: *Smack*... fwaah, nnnh! Haa, haa, mmm! *Slrp* *Slrp* *Smack!* Fwaah! *Smack!* Aah, nnnh!
Narration: *I can feel a faint, dull pain building at the base of my penis.*
Yuuji: Yumiko, I'm probably going to come soon...
Yumiko: Nnh... fwaah, *Smack*... *Smack!* Aaah... *Slrrrp*... nnngh!
Yuuji: Uh, Yumiko? Can you hear me down there?
Yumiko: *Smack*... *Smack* *Slrp*... Aah... *Slrrrrp* *Slrrp!*
Narration: *Yumiko, by now twitching almost convulsively, keeps right on avidly stuffing her cheeks with my cock. She gives no sign whatsoever of even having heard my warning.*
Yuuji: (...Can I just come like this?)
Narration: *I'd feel a little bad about abruptly coming in the girl's mouth on her first try...*
Yumiko: *Smack* *Smack*... Fwaah! ...Nn... *Smack*... nnn, aanfh...! Nngh.
Narration: *Still, I'm already past the point of no return here.*
Narration: *Stopping things temporarily to explain isn't really an option anymore...*
Yuuji: Yumiko, I'm going to... kuh!
Yumiko: Ngh?
Narration: *My waist begins to shake involuntarily. In the next instant, I'm pushing myself violently all the way into Yumiko's mouth.*
Yumiko: Ngkgh!?
Narration: *The moment the head of my penis touches the back of her throat, a tingling numb sensation runs through my body, and I'm overwhelmed by a fierce surge of ecstatic pleasure.*
Yuuji: Ungh!
Narration: *I proceed to vigorously ejaculate inside Yumiko's mouth.*
Yumiko: Mnnnngh?!?!
Narration: *Yumiko's eyes fly wide open with shock.*
Narration: *I do feel guilty, but I can't exactly stop coming once I've started. Also, it feels damn good. For several moments, I hold myself steady in Yumiko's mouth and pour my semen down her throat.*
Yumiko: Hnmah!
Narration: *The instant I finally manage to pull out of Yumiko's mouth, my penis springs up and sprays her face with more cloudy liquid.*
Yumiko: ...Nnh... *Cough!* *Cough!* *Cough!*
Narration: *Even as she's coughing up my semen, more spits out onto her face and neck.*
Narration: *Her body stiff with surprise, Yumiko just sits there and waits for me to finally stop coming.*
Yumiko: Ungh, nhh... *Cough*... nnph... *Cough*... kuh...
Narration: *The coughing and hacking doesn't stop until some time after my orgasm's over.*
Yumiko: Haa, haa, haa, haa... I-Is it over?
Yuuji: Yeah, all done.
Yumiko: Nngh.
Narration: *Yumiko closes her mouth, then carefully swallows the sperm still remaining inside her mouth.*
Yumiko: This means... I made you come, yes?
Yuuji: That's right. Sorry about that. You okay?
Yumiko: I'm fine. More importantly, did it feel good?
Yuuji: Yeah. Ridiculously so.
Yumiko: I see... In that case, it's not a problem.
Narration: *There's a faint smile on Yumiko's face, but she looks up at me with a hint of reproach in her eyes.*
Yumiko: Putting that aside... does this usually involve such an enormous mess? My face and mouth are both rather filthy...
Yuuji: I did try to get your attention so I could come outside, but you didn't notice...
Yumiko: ...What? I didn't hear any such thing.
Yuuji: You were going at it pretty frantically down there. Probably just zoned out.
Yumiko: ...Hmmmph. So you say, but perhaps you were just too caught up in the pleasure to get any words out?
Yuuji: No matter how good it felt, I wouldn't get that distracted.
Yumiko: Is that so? Well, I believe I was perfectly lucid myself. It's simply not possible that I'd miss you saying something like that.
Narration: *...Amazing the girl can say that with a straight face barely a minute after emerging from a total dick-sucking trance.*
Yuuji: Not to repeat myself, but I tried to warn you. The problem was on your end.
Yumiko: And I'm telling you I didn't hear any such thing.
Yuuji: Listen...
Yumiko: You didn't really say it, did you? Oh... don't tell me this is a matter of pride or something? Was it that humiliating to have me turn the tables on you?
Narration: *...I thought the girl was getting pretty honest lately, but that natural obstinacy of hers still shows up in the cutest places.*
Narration: *In deference to her brave fellatory efforts and overall lovability, I decide to let Yumiko have this one her way.*
Yuuji: Fine, sure, we'll leave it at that. I was too drunk with pleasure to make a sound.
Yumiko: Very good. That's all I wanted to hear.
Narration: *She smiles up at me triumphantly.*
Yumiko: You certainly make it sound like you've seen it all before, but perhaps you're all talk? To think, the great Kazami Yuuji stunned with pleasure by a complete beginner like me... Seems you have something of a cute side after all.
Yuuji: (What, so she just wanted to feel superior, huh...)
Yumiko: Going speechless with bliss? It's almost like you're some sweet, innocent little girl. Really, how adorable...
Narration: *...All right, this is starting to piss me off. Can't let her get too carried away.*
Narration: *I decide it's time for a mild counterattack.*
Yuuji: You're one to talk. Got all turned on just from giving me a blowjob, didn't you?
Yumiko: Hwha? W-What are you saying? That's perfectly ridiculous.
Yuuji: I don't think I'm anywhere near a girl who gets off from having her mouth penetrated on the "adorable" or "innocent" scale.
Yumiko: R-Really, I don't have the slightest idea what you're on about. "Getting off" with my mouth? That's completely preposterous!
Yuuji: You were enjoying it so much your shoulders started quivering.
Yumiko: ...! A f-figment of your imagination. You must have... misseen. Spare me the false accusations, if you'd be so kind!
Yuuji: It was just too adorable and sexy seeing you squirm with pleasure as you sucked my dick... I was so charmed I couldn't even manage to speak.
Yumiko: I-I was not "squirming with pleasure!"
Yuuji: Well, if you deny it that firmly, I guess I'll have to verify my hypothesis. All right with you, I assume?
Yumiko: You assume!? Of course it's not all right! Kya!?
Narration: *I take Yumiko into my arms, then push her face-down onto the ground.*
Yumiko: Wha-!? Wait! ...W-What on earth are you trying to do?
Narration: *My hands slip inside her skirt before she can attempt to flee.*
Yuuji: Come on, I think you know the answer to that.
Yumiko: N-No, I don't! St... Stop! Don't touch me down there!
Narration: *By now completely flustered, Yumiko's tone of voice grows high-pitched and slightly childlike.*
Narration: *Ignoring her twisting, squirming attempts to resist, I reach out and touch her underwear―*
Yumiko: Hyaaah!
Narration: *Producing a loud, wet "squelch."*
Yuuji: You seem to be extremely wet for some strange reason...
Yumiko: Y-You're wrong! This isn't anything... like that...
Yuuji: Anything like what, exactly?
Yumiko: I, well... I-In any case, you've got it all wrong! Hyaaahn!
Narration: *I begin to gently stroke my fingers against her wet underwear, stimulating her sensitive genitalia.*
Yumiko: Heeek... nnngh!
Narration: *With just that mild caress, I can see her back go taut.*
Yuuji: Can't believe you got this turned on from giving me a blowjob... You really are adorable, Yumiko...
Yumiko: I-I'm telling you, you're wrong!
Yuuji: What, you're still sticking to that line? All right then, suppose I'll have to eliminate all possible doubt. Time to take a more direct look.
Yumiko: No! Don't! You can't! Kya!?
Narration: *I smoothly reposition myself directly behind Yumiko, then grab her by the hips and haul her up off the ground.*
Yuuji: Put your hands on the wall to support your body.
Yumiko: Huh? Ah, okay...
Narration: *The girl obediently places her hands against the wall. But a moment after that, she abruptly seems to realize―*
Yumiko: D-Don't tell me you're planning to... Wait, this is position is too embarrassing...!
Yuuji: Stop thrashing around. Keep both those hands firmly on the wall, or you might fall over and hurt yourself.
Yumiko: Y-You can't be serious!
Narration: *After rolling up her skirt, I take hold of her panties, already wet and heavy with vaginal juices.*
Yumiko: No, don't! You're heartless! Please, just stop... Don't look!
Narration: *Relishing the moment, I slowly pull the soaking strip of cloth down and out of the way.*
Yumiko: ...Uuugh. I said not to looook...
Narration: *Yumiko's pretty little genitals greet me, glistening so intensely it almost looks like they've been slathered in lotion.*
Yuuji: Not to state the obvious, but you're ridiculously wet.
Yumiko: Kuh! Y-You're just seeing things!
Yuuji: ...Give it up, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Nngh.
Narration: *I push my middle finger inside her abnormally hot vagina, then churn it around in slow circles, producing pleasant little soppy sounds.*
Yumiko: Hyaah! ...Ah, aaah! Fwah! Shtoo... nn! Stop it! D-Don't touch me!
Yuuji: You're really ready to go, aren't you... My finger slipped right in.
Yumiko: D-Don't say thaaat...
Yuuji: You started off pretty calm and in control, Yumiko. How did you end up like this?
Yumiko: I-I... well...
Yuuji: What, can't bring yourself to say it?
Yumiko: Hyaah!
Narration: *I push my finger further in, then pull it back sharply.*
Yumiko: Nnn! D-Don't move it arounddd! Aah!
Narration: *It's pretty gentle foreplay, but Yumiko's waist jerks up violently, and visible shivers run up her spine. Either she's really excited by this position, or the pleasure she got from the blowjob is still lingering...*
Yuuji: ...Tell me. How did you get so turned on?
Yumiko: Ah! Aaaah! Dooon't. Haa... hyaaa! S-Stop it! Hyaa! I'm telling you, I duh, didn't get turned... Huh?
Narration: *Halfway through her latest denial, I abruptly halt the gentle stirring of my middle finger.*
Yumiko: Huh? Haa... hnnh... kuh...
Narration: *Yumiko gazes back at me with an expression full of longing.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Didn't you want me to stop?
Yumiko: ...Uugh. T-That's right. Of course I did!
Narration: *The folds of Yumiko's vagina coil pleadingly around my stationary finger, squeezing down tightly. Her waist begins to twitch and tremble.*
Yumiko: Haa... aaah... nnnh.
Yuuji: You seem to be in some distress.
Yumiko: Y-You're... unbelievable!
Yuuji: I did exactly what you asked of me. Why're you angry?
Yumiko: ...Kuh, ah, fwaah! Huh? Ah, don't!!
Narration: *When I pull my finger free, the lubricating fluid that had been backed up inside drips steadily down to the floor.*
Yuuji: Don't... what?
Narration: *Yumiko stares at me with moist eyes, her mouth flapping open and closed soundlessly, then abruptly turns her face away.*
Yumiko: I-It's nothing!
Yuuji: If you tell me honestly why you got this wet, then...
Yumiko: I d-don't have anything to tell you!!
Yuuji: Might be more persuasive if you weren't shaking your ass back and forth.
Yumiko: Huh? Ah! ...Kuh. Haa, haa... there. Now you don't have anything to complain about!
Narration: *With an obvious effort of will, she stiffens her legs and controls the trembling.*
Yuuji: You're so obstinate.
Yumiko: Wha-!?
Narration: *I reach out and grab her by the ass with both hands, spreading it apart...*
Yumiko: Fwaaah! W-Wait a second! What do you think you're doing? Aah! Hyaaan!
Narration: *Then bring my face to where her scent's strongest, and begin the oral stage of my attack.*
Yumiko: No, don't! Ah... nngh! Stoooop! Hyaaaaaaah!
Narration: *The instant I lick her small, sensitive bud with the tip of my tongue, Yumiko's voice grows shrill.*
Yumiko: Hyaaa! Hyaaaaah, duh, don't! Nooo! Nnnngh!
Narration: *After carefully peeling back the protective layer of skin, I gently take the painfully pink little thing between my lips.*
Yumiko: Eeee! Nooo! That's too much... I can't... aah, hyaaah!
Narration: *After sucking on her impressively swollen clitoris for a few moments, I move my mouth to noisily lap up the juices spilling out of her vagina.*
Yumiko: Nhoooo, d-don't make those sounds! I-I'm going to get mad! Fwaahhh! ...Nn! Nnnnh!
Yuuji: Feels good, right?
Yumiko: Kuh! Nn! ...Haa, haa, haa, nn! T-That's not true!
Yuuji: I see. In other words, this isn't enough to satisfy you?
Yumiko: Huh? ...No, nooooooo!
Narration: *I deliver a gentle play-bite to her now fully-erect clit, simultaneously sliding a finger back into her vagina.*
Yumiko: Hyaaah! Don't touch it! Anhh! Nn! P-Please, not both at once...
Narration: *With affectionate, noisy caresses, I stimulate both of Yumiko's most sensitive places equally.*
Narration: *Liquid pours out of her even more heavily than before.*
Yumiko: H-How am I... s-supposed to endure this... nnn! Aaah, hah, ah... aah, d-don't! Ah, ah, ah... ngggh!
Narration: *Yumiko's head shakes from side to side until her long, silky hair's completely disheveled. I can feel her body tensing underneath my hands.*
Yumiko: Ahn! Hyaa... aah, I, I... fwaah, can... can't take anym...! Nnh! ...Wha?
Narration: *Just as she's starting to go stiff, I abruptly pull my mouth and finger away.*
Yumiko: H-Huh? Wha...?
Narration: *Countless question marks floating above her head, Yumiko trembles like a leaf in the wind.*
Narration: *After a moment, she looks back at me with openly pleading eyes.*
Yumiko: ...N-No way. Nn, haa, haa, haa... w-why?
Yuuji: What's the matter?
Yumiko: Why... d-did you stop!? I was just about to...
Yuuji: Just about to what?
Yumiko: Uug, ggh... oh, s-shut up!
Yumiko: Khhh...
Narration: *Yumiko grits her teeth to stifle her moans, but her entire body continues to shiver with frustration.*
Yuuji: Tell me why you got so wet after that blowjob, and maybe I'll keep going.
Yumiko: Uugh! Kuh... W-Why do I have to say such a humiliating thing!?
Yuuji: Because I want to know.
Yumiko: D-Do you really think that explanation's going to convince me...!? Uu... uugh, haa, haa. Nn. Nnrgh!
Yuuji: Hmm. You appear to be in some discomfort there.
Yumiko: Whose fault is that!? Y-You're... so cruel... W-Why? Why do you have to be such a bully?
Yuuji: Because you're adorable.
Yumiko: ...If you think I'm a-adorable, then... nn, haa, haa... show me some affection!
Yuuji: But that's exactly what I'm doing.
Yumiko: Hyaah!
Narration: *I gently rub the tip of my forefinger against her plump clitoris.*
Yumiko: Aaaaah... ah... nnn...
Narration: *After a few soft strokes, I pull back, careful not to let her come.*
Yuuji: You really can't say it? Well, I guess we can just call things off...
Yumiko: Y-You can't be serious! ...Uugh... f... kuh. Uuuuurrgh! F-Fine! I'll say it! That's all you want from me, right!?
Narration: *For a while, she raggedly breathes in and out, trying to gather her breath.*
Yumiko: Haa, haa... when I... started licking you... it made me feel so warm and affectionate... and my head went all fuzzy... T-That's all!
Yuuji: That's not really the whole story, is it?
Yumiko: ...Uu. T-The inside of my mouth got all t-tingly... and then, it started f-f... feeling good. It almost felt like... you were in me down there...
Narration: *After closing her mouth hesitantly for a moment, she scowls fiercely at me―*
Yumiko: ...That's right! It's just as you said! Having you in my mouth t-turned me on! ...T-There, I s-said it.
Yuuji: Good girl. Why was that so hard?
Yumiko: Are you serious...? I mean... you'd obviously look down on a woman who gets pleasure from something like that... After all, you already know I'm practically... a nymphomaniac...
Narration: *...That masturbation incident's still bothering her? Must've been truly mortifying.*
Yuuji: I'm not looking down on you, Yumiko. It makes me happy to know your feelings are so strong.
Yumiko: Oh, please! Then why have you been bullying me like this!?
Yuuji: The more lovable a girl is, the more you want to bully her. And you enjoy it as much as I do.
Yumiko: D-Don't get carried away. I'm not like that at all...
Yuuji: My mistake, is it? Then should I stop bullying you?
Yumiko: ...Uugh. Guhhh! H-How can you say that... after m-making me like this?
Yuuji: Well, it seems I was operating under some misunderstandings. Not sure what to do next.
Yumiko: Are you serious...?
Yuuji: Please tell me. What should I do?
Yumiko: A-As if you don't know what I want! Anyone could tell just from looking at me!
Yuuji: But I want to hear you say it, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Kuh. Uggh, uuu... ggguh. Haa, haa, haa, haa... nnh, I c-can't say it...
Narration: *Look at that. Her stubborn pride's still getting in the way.*
Narration: *This girl really knows how to bring out the wicked side in a man...*
Yuuji: In that case, I suppose we're done.
Yumiko: Uuu, uugh... aaaaaah...
Narration: *After a few sorrowful, despairing moans, Yumiko opens her mouth and faintly whispers the words.*
Yumiko: ...B-B... Bully me...
Yuuji: Can you repeat that more clearly? Don't want to make any mistakes.
Yumiko: If I say it, y-you'll... do it all the way to the end?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's a promise.
Yumiko: Uugh, guuuuh... P-Please bully me! ...Torment me ruthlessly and... give me lots of love... I-I'm begging you...
Narration: *...Maybe I took the bullying a little too far.*
Narration: *Teasing the poor girl any more than this would definitely be too cruel, so I decide to put the game to an end.*
Yuuji: All right then. I'll give you what you want.
Narration: *I reach out and firmly grab hold of Yumiko's waist with both hands.*
Yumiko: Wha? Y-You want do it like this? L-Let's just do it normally, on the futon... Not l-like a pair of anima... hyaaah!?
Narration: *With one firm stroke, I pierce my cock deeply into her hot, wet vagina.*
Yumiko: Annngh! ...Guh... noooo! Ah, aah, h-how could you put it in so suddenly...?
Narration: *The girl's turned on and thoroughly lubricated, but I haven't really broken her in yet. It's still an uncomfortably tight and difficult fit.*
Yumiko: Agggh! Ah... We... We're going to do this standing up? Are you serious?
Yuuji: Completely serious.
Yumiko: Uugh... ah, aah... d-doing it in this position... makes me feel uneasy...
Yuuji: Not to worry. In a minute or two, you won't be capable of thinking about that sort of thing...
Yumiko: Hyaaaah!
Narration: *In order to drive the apprehension from Yumiko's mind, I pull back then stab forcefully all the way inside her.*
Yumiko: Ah! Aaaaah! Kwaaah! D-Don't do it... s-so hard all of a sudden!
Yuuji: I promised you a thorough bullying, so that's what you're going to get...
Yumiko: That doesn't mean... hyaah! L-Look, I... nnfh, haah... I was j-just on the verge of coming a minute ago!
Narration: *Shaking her head back and forth childishly, Yumiko babbles in a desperate tone of voice.*
Yumiko: Aaah! T-That's the only reason... I'm already l-like this! I-It's not like I'm incredibly sensitive, or any... th, aaah, aahhh!
Yuuji: Go ahead and come.
Yumiko: B-But... it's t-too soon, aah! I c-can't come this quickly... hyaaah! Haa, haa, nnngh! I don't waaant to!
Yuuji: What's the point of fighting it? Just give in and enjoy yourself.
Narration: *I push into Yumiko again and again, every stroke firm enough to lift her slightly off the ground.*
Yumiko: Nngh! Nooo! Don't! N-Not like this! Stooop!
Narration: *Yumiko's moans and the sound of my waist slapping against her ass grow louder and louder, echoing against the walls of our small room.*
Yumiko: Hyaaah, nn, aaaah! Please! I don't... want to...!
Narration: *The girl's body doesn't seem to agree with her words. Her waist sways back and forth lewdly in time with my strokes, as if begging for even stronger pleasure.*
Yumiko: Nooo, I can't...! I'm c... aah! Fwaaah! I can't stand it anymore! I'm coming!
Narration: *All of a sudden, Yumiko's vagina begins to pulse intensely around my penis, trying to pull it deeper inside. And as her back quivers violently...*
Yumiko: Hyaaa, aaaaaaaaaaaaah...!!!
Narration: *Strangling down on my penis with almost painful force, Yumiko reaches orgasm.*
Yumiko: Aah, nngh... haa, haa. Nn... haa, haa...
Narration: *Her eyes blank and unfocused, she gasps roughly for breath as the waves of pleasure run through her body.*
Yumiko: I c-can't believe I came so quickly... in a p-position like this...
Yumiko: ...Huh? W-What? Ah! Eeeek! Aaah! Stooop!
Narration: *Before her vagina's even stopped convulsing around me, I resume my heavy, regular strokes.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry. I'm not finished yet.
Yumiko: Ahn! Aaah... wait! I-I... I'm still coming right now! Don't m-move! Let me rest for a... gaaaaah!
Yuuji: I got seriously turned on watching you. Don't think I can stop myself anymore...
Yumiko: N-No way! Aieee...! Nhaaah!
Yuuji: This might get a little rough. Brace yourself.
Yumiko: Wha-!? W-Wait... I can't handle this! I mean, I'm...!
Yuuji: Yeah, I know... but right now, my balls are calling the shots.
Yumiko: You've got to be jok... hyaah! I j-just came, so I'm still all t-tingly and sensitive... Hyaah! At least be gent... fwaaah! No! Noooo! Shtoooop!
Narration: *Much as I want to do this gently and tenderly, I can't resist the violent urges driving me forward.*
Yuuji: (Yumiko... you could turn a saint into a sadist...)
Narration: *I'm trying to control myself, but my thrusts only grow harder and faster, every impact jolting her womb.*
Yumiko: Aanfh! Aah, noooo! I-I said stop... Why are you being... so... aaaaaaah!
Yuuji: Sorry. I do feel bad about this.
Yumiko: T-Then how about you st... aahn! Aaaaah, w-why...?
Yuuji: Not to repeat myself, but stopping isn't really an option.
Narration: *Even as I speak, I pick up the pace of my pelvic thrusts still further.*
Yumiko: Kuh! Ahn! Aaaah! Uuugh. Ggguh!
Yuuji: I'm not lying, okay? It's out of my control. Please believe me.
Yumiko: Nngh! Kuuh. F-Fine, I understand. Ahn! Aah, kuh, haa, haa... nngh! Y-You can keep going, but...
Narration: *Apparently realizing that it's a lost cause either way, Yumiko speaks in a small, resigned voice―*
Yumiko: Y-You can... b-be a little rough... nn, if you want. My head f-feels... a little strange right now... so I guess... you can g-go ahead and... mess it up...
Narration: *She squeezes the words out of her mouth in between quivering little spasms.*
Yumiko: Y-You can do what you want, but... nn! Fwaah! W-When you're done... you have to be sweet to me. Give me lots of kisses... and l-let me cuddle you...
Narration: *...What an adorable demand.*
Narration: *After all that sadistic teasing, all she wants in return is a little cuddling... It's enough to make even a wicked sinner like me feel guilty.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah. I'll do anything you want.
Yumiko: I-In that case... hyaaah! Ah, agh... in that case, it's... okay! Anngh! Aaaaaaaaaaah!
Narration: *Every time I slap my hips against her, Yumiko's butt flattens with the impact; every time I retreat, the head of my penis noisily drags lubricant out of her soaking wet vagina.*
Yumiko: Hyaaaaaaaaah! T-That doesn't mean you can go in that deeply... aaah, nnh! Aah, wait, no... I-I'm...
Narration: *Yumiko digs her fingernails into the wall until her knuckles go white.*
Yumiko: This p-pleasure is too intense... haa, haa, haa... W-What's going to happen to me?
Narration: *Clearly no longer entirely in control of herself, she mumbles the words deliriously.*
Yumiko: I n-never knew... m-my body... angh! Aah... c-co, nngh! Haa, haa, haa, nngh... could feel like this...
Yuuji: Same here. Never knew sex with someone you love felt this damn good...
Narration: *It's not like anything I've experienced before. Today I can't hold myself back.*
Narration: *Well... no. Maybe I can. It's just that I don't want to.*
Narration: *I don't understand it that well myself. Is it because I'm secure, knowing she'll forgive me no matter what? Or maybe some part of me's trying to test Yumiko's love?*
Narration: *I'm not sure. Maybe a little bit of both. But I think the single biggest factor is something else entirely... When I'm with Yumiko, I want to be myself. To expose myself down to the very core.*
Yuuji: (Hard to believe I'm thinking this...)
Narration: *I knew the girl tickled my curiosity and my sadistic side. I knew I had feelings for her. I thought that was all there was to it.*
Narration: *But there's something else underneath all that, a raw and powerful emotion that I hadn't felt before. It genuinely surprises me.*
Yumiko: Hyaah... aah, t-this position is just... angh, fwah... I-It feels too good... haa, haa... We're both panting... It's like we really are a pair of animals... mating...
Yuuji: ...True enough.
Yumiko: Nnn! Ah, aah, kuh! Y-You can... do it harder, i-if you want.
Yuuji: It looks like you're barely holding it together over there. This seriously isn't enough for you?
Yumiko: That's not it! Nnn! Aah... I just... don't want you to hold back because of me... Fwaah, nngh. I'll probably regret this very soon, but... that's how I feel right now...
Yuuji: Yumiko...?
Yumiko: You're the one who... told me not to apologize anymore, remember...? Agh...! Well, I don't want your guilt either, so... cut it out...! Aaah...!
Narration: *...Yeah. Hardly fair to push that on you without returning the favor, is it?*
Narration: *Before I knew it, Yumiko's gotten a bit assertive in her own right. A small burst of surprise and happiness warms my chest.*
Narration: *Leaning my upper body over the girl, I shove my penis powerfully up into her.*
Yumiko: Fwaaaaaaah! Ah, aaah!
Narration: *Just as Yumiko requested, I entirely abandon my attempt to hold back.*
Yumiko: Hyaah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Narration: *As I smack against the mouth of her uterus over and over again, Yumiko quivers and emits heartrending moans.*
Yumiko: Nhooo! T-This is... too intense... aaah! N-Not like this, or I'll... ah, haa, haa, aaaaaaah! Please!
Narration: *Her vagina's already starting to spasm around my cock. I continue rubbing myself forcefully against her quivering flesh.*
Yumiko: I-I'm going crazy! Noo! Haa, you're going to... drive me out of my... mind! Aaah, it feels too good... I, I... aaah! Nooo!
Narration: *Yumiko writhes her body as if in agony. I relentlessly assault her with even more pleasure.*
Yumiko: Hyaa, nnh! It's t-too good... Aaaah! I c-can't even... think straight... ahn, nhaaaaaaaaah!
Yuuji: You're not... kuh... the only one... I'm losing it...!
Narration: *I'm not even coming yet, but the pleasure's so overwhelming the world's going white before my eyes.*
Yumiko: Haa, haa, haa, nnnh!
Narration: *I can make out countless beads of sweat rolling down the nape of Yumiko's tensed neck.*
Narration: *My own perspiration rolls to my chin and drips steadily down onto her buttocks.*
Narration: *Keeping my waist pressed tightly against the girl, I stir my cock around deep inside her and reach down to flick at her clitoris with my fingers.*
Yumiko: Fwaaah! Aaaah! Aaaaaaah! I'm going to come! If you keep that up, y-you're going to make me come...!
Narration: *The girl begins to quiver so strongly it looks as if an electric current's running through her. Again digging both hands firmly into her soft ass, I surge forward at a truly ruthless pace.*
Yumiko: Aaaaaaaaah!
Narration: *The haze before my eyes grows thicker. I can feel the hot semen starting to rise up my shaft.*
Yumiko: Hygh! Aaaaah! Fwahaah, ah! Ah! I'm going to come again! Aahn, aah, I can't stop it! I'm gonna come! I'm gonna comeee!
Narration: *Yumiko arches herself backward, both hands clutching desperately at the wall.*
Narration: *Her vagina pulses even more strongly than before, sucking up on my penis.*
Narration: *I can't hold back anymore.*
Yumiko: I'm coming, I'm coming! Aah, aaaah! I'm co... c-coming! AaaaaAAAAAaaaaah!
Yuuji: Kuh, I can't hold back either... Nngh!
Narration: *With one last burst of energy, I jam it all the way inside her just as the tip of my glans opens wide.*
Narration: *It's my second orgasm of the night. But from the amount of come I pour into Yumiko, you'd think this was the end of a five-year dry spell.*
Yumiko: ...Aah. Fwaah! You're f-filling me up... I c-can feel it...!
Narration: *The instant I pull out, white liquid courses out of Yumiko's vagina in a steady stream.*
Yumiko: Ah... aaah, fwaah... aaah, ah, ah...
Narration: *The girl's expression is completely dazed. Saliva dribbles out of her mouth; her body continues to quiver frantically, and her voice is just as shaky.*
Yumiko: Fwaah... aaah... ah, aah, nn... aah, i-it's over, but... aah, aah... I-I still, can't... stop c-c-coming!
Narration: *Her beautiful white legs tremble weakly against each other. Almost looks like she's suffering from a powerful fever.*
Yuuji: It's fine. It'll die down eventually.
Yumiko: Afwaah... I-I'm s-still, still... c-coming... nhah... W-Why? T-This never... happened before...
Narration: *The aftershocks from this one seem to be pretty damn strong.*
Yumiko: ...Aah! I'm s-scared... I've never... f-felt anything like this before... a-and my body won't even move. It's like I'm frozen solid...
Yuuji: Sorry about that. I should've been gentler... You're still inexperienced and all.
Narration: *I reach down to gently ruffle Yumiko's hair.*
Yuuji: I'll be right here petting you until it settles down, okay?
Narration: *Her face breaks into a quavery smile.*
Yumiko: T-Thank you... nn, haa, haa... t-that helps... Nn. Your hand... feels nice, Yuuji.
Narration: *As I stoke her head, Yumiko's trembling gradually begins to fade away.*
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: Y-You did a whole l-lot of things to me, but... I think... having my head petted feels best of all...
Yuuji: ...No kidding?
Yumiko: No kidding...
Narration: *She looks back at me with an expression that can only be described as "blissful."*
Yumiko: I love you.
Yuuji: That's a coincidence. I love you too.
Yumiko: Ah?
Narration: *Betrayed by her own relief, Yumiko's legs start to give out under her. I reach down to support her from behind.*
Yumiko: Kya!?
Narration: *We tangle awkwardly against each other and collapse to the ground in a heap.*
Narration: *Yumiko leans over me and presses her lips against mine, then pulls back and knocks her fist lightly against my chest.*
Yumiko: Well, that was certainly something. I can't believe you...
Yuuji: You didn't enjoy it?
Yumiko: ...Some parts more than others. ...Do you really want to make me say the rest? Haven't you humiliated me enough today?
Yuuji: I'm done bullying you for the moment. You don't have to say it if you don't want to.
Yumiko: ...Oh, fine. It was honestly embarrassing, but I don't really care.
Narration: *The girl nuzzles her cheek against my body.*
Yumiko: I'm all right with anything... when I'm doing it with you, Yuuji.
Narration: *She squirms around on top of me, slightly bashful...*
Yumiko: And also, it seems... I don't entirely dislike being bullied like that...
Yuuji: You don't say?
Yumiko: But that doesn't mean I want you to act like that every time! ...Don't get carried away, all right?
Yuuji: Wouldn't dream of it.
Yumiko: Good. As long as that's clear. ...Well then, what about your promise? I assume you haven't forgotten...
Yuuji: My memory's not that bad.
Narration: *Rolling Yumiko gently to the ground, I flip myself on top of her and begin to rain kisses all along her sweaty body.*
Yumiko: Nn, ah... nnn!
Narration: *And every time my lips touch her skin, Yumiko lets out ticklish, happy, sweet little moans...*

Narration: *I slowly, carefully begin to caress Yumiko's breasts from behind.*
Yumiko: Mm...
Narration: *She responds immediately with a soft, high-pitched exhalation of breath.*
Yumiko: No... mmm... nnh.
Narration: *While stimulating her nipples so lightly I'm barely even touching them, I fondle her breasts as a whole with the palms of my hands.*
Yumiko: ...Nn... hah, haa... haa, haa, haa.
Narration: *After a few moments of this gentle massage, Yumiko's breath grows lively, and her nipples start to feel hard underneath my fingers.*
Yuuji: Getting pretty used to this, aren't you?
Yumiko: I'm not "used to it" at all... My heart's beating incredibly fast right now.
Yuuji: That a fact? Have to say, though, your body seems to be getting a lot less stubborn about admitting what it wants...
Yumiko: Oh, don't talk like a dirty old man... nn!
Narration: *I stroke a hand down Yumiko's body, following the beautiful curve from her waist to her thigh.*
Yuuji: Could you open your legs a little wider?
Yumiko: ...Y-Yes. Here... Is that good enough?
Narration: *As the girl obediently spreads her thighs apart, I reach down to her groin.*
Narration: *The first gentle movement of my finger against Yumiko's labia yields a high-pitched moan.*
Yumiko: Nnah... haa... nnh...
Yuuji: See? Back when we were starting out, you'd get so embarrassed I'd practically have to pry your legs apart.
Yumiko: L-Look, can you not say that sort of thing? I'm still very embarrassed, for your information. And you're the one who trained me to do this anyway!
Yuuji: Why get mad? Personally, I'm pretty happy you've come so far...
Yumiko: ...Guh.
Narration: *For some reason, Yumiko falls silent after this remark.*
Yuuji: Seriously. You just get cuter and cuter the more I make love to you, Yumiko.
Yumiko: ...Uugh. How can you say such embarrassing things with a straight face...? Nnh, hyaa!
Narration: *I bend a finger up and begin to stroke Yumiko's clitoris through its protective hood of skin. Her naked body instantly goes taut inside my arms.*
Yuuji: Was that too much?
Yumiko: N-No, of course not... I'm fine. Nn, haaah... this is nothing!
Yuuji: That a fact?
Narration: *The small bead of flesh swells rapidly as I slowly, steadily rub it upward with a single finger.*
Yumiko: Fwaaah... aah. Nnh, haah, haaa... nn!
Narration: *It's a monotonous movement, but that probably makes it easier for Yumiko to cope with the stimulation. That initial tension in her body is quickly fading away.*
Yumiko: Haaa... haa, haa... nn... aah, t-this feels nice... I could almost fall asleep like this...
Narration: *Soon, Yumiko's voice is liquid with bliss.*
Narration: *Even as she's speaking, I continue gently stimulating her at the same constant, comforting pace.*
Narration: *The girl shivers as if slightly ticklish every time I make contact with her clitoris.*
Yumiko: Haa, nn, haa, haa... I-I didn't know foreplay could be like this... It's kind of an odd... nn, f-feeling...
Yuuji: We can do things like this because you've gotten used to me touching you, Yumiko.
Yumiko: That... might be true. Nn... ah! Back when we started out, even this probably would've left me screaming.
Yuuji: No doubt. You used to squawk like a banshee no matter how gentle I was.
Yumiko: I did not "squawk!" And if I did, hypothetically, it was all your fault! But... haa, haa... nnn! I'm past all that now... hyaaah!
Narration: *Sensing that my soothing caresses have successfully lowered Yumiko's guard, I lean in and lightly bite her ear. Her ass quivers against my waist as she lets out a cute little yelp.*
Yumiko: Hyaa... gah...! Nnh... s-stop, not both at once... hyaa...!
Narration: *As I resume massaging her breast with my other hand, her voice takes on a note of distress.*
Yumiko: Stooop... haah! Hyaa... ah, haa... I-I still don't know... how to handle it... when you go after t-two places at once...
Narration: *She shakes her head from side to side like a child throwing a tantrum.*
Yuuji: That so? I suppose I'll have to teach you, then.
Yumiko: T-Teach me...? W-Wait a second! What a-are you planning to do!?
Narration: *I lower my finger from Yumiko's clitoris and abruptly push it through the lips of her labia.*
Yumiko: ...Fwaaah! Nnn...!
Narration: *Scraping out more of the liquid that was already starting to trickle from the mouth of Yumiko's vagina, I proceed to rub up and down, inside and out, stimulating her entire genital area.*
Yumiko: Nnnn! Fwaaah! Nn! Ah, aaaah!
Narration: *Yumiko's head jerks back to expose her white throat. Spine curving forward like a bow, she tries to squirm away from me.*
Yuuji: Won't be much of a lesson if you run away...
Narration: *I firmly wrap my free arm around Yumiko's chest, keeping her pinned to me.*
Yumiko: Fwaah, aah... p-please... yeek! T-This is just... nnhn!
Narration: *Digging my fingers into her breast, I massage far more roughly than before.*
Yumiko: Ah, ah, aah! Wait, I...!
Narration: *My fingers squeeze down on her nipple and move it sharply left and right. Within seconds, it's hard as a pebble. Almost feels as if I might just pluck it right off her.*
Yuuji: Guess you're not quite a seasoned veteran yet.
Yumiko: T-Then ease up a bit, why don't you...
Yuuji: What's the problem? You enjoy getting pushed around a little at times like these, don't you?
Yumiko: ...T-That's not... tr, hyaaah! Fwaah... guh, uhhh... ah, aaaaaah!
Narration: *I squeeze down on Yumiko's nipple and clitoris at the same moment, deliberately interrupting her attempt to speak.*
Yuuji: You're absurdly wet right now, you know that?
Narration: *The fingers of my left hand are already glistening.*
Narration: *Yumiko squeezes out a feeble response in between increasingly ragged breaths.*
Yumiko: Haaa... O-Of course I am... nn, ah, haaagh! H-How could I not be, when you're doing all th, iii! Aah, agh... haa, nnh...
Narration: *I push the tip of my finger back into the mouth of Yumiko's vagina, then lightly stir it around just a little way inside her.*
Yuuji: Starting to want something better inside, maybe?
Yumiko: W-What kind of question is that?
Yuuji: Thought it was pretty clear. What's it going to be? I'm ready to go any time.
Yumiko: Fwaah... nnn, aah... s-stop that!
Narration: *Moving my finger rapidly back and forth, I deliberately produce a sound almost like splashing water.*
Yumiko: D-Don't make those sounds...
Yuuji: What do you want, Yumiko? More finger play? A little tongue, maybe? Or should we cut to the chase?
Yumiko: Hyah... aaah... uu, uuuh... I-I want you... to p-put it in...
Yuuji: All right then.
Narration: *With a nod, I press myself tightly against Yumiko's back.*
Yumiko: Huh? You're going to do it from behind like this? While we're lying down? Is that even...?
Yuuji: Hmm, guess this is the first time we've done it in this position, isn't it...
Narration: *I carefully guide the head of my penis to her well-lubricated entrance.*
Yumiko: Huh? Hyaah! ...Aah, ah, nnn!
Narration: *Spreading Yumiko's vagina open with my fingers, I slowly slip my penis inside her.*
Narration: *The moment of penetration still seems to unsettle her a little. She stiffens in my arms.*
Yumiko: Kuh... aaah... nnn. Y-You really, ah, put it... in. I didn't even know... you could do it like this...
Narration: *Moving my hips forward, I slide my cock into her all the way down to the base.*
Yumiko: Nnn! ...Nn... ah, ha, haaa... ah, haa, haa... It feels like you're reaching... all the way up to my stomach...!
Yuuji: I'm going to move now.
Yumiko: O-Okay. Go ahead... Ah! Ugh... hyaa, hyaah!
Narration: *I begin to shake my body back and forth slowly, timing my thrusts by Yumiko's breathing.*
Yumiko: Ah... haa... uu, aah... haa, nnn... That f-feels good... ah!
Narration: *Once I've settled into a steady rhythm, I resume rubbing the girl's nipples between my fingers.*
Yumiko: Hyaah! D-Don't! Please... stop that...
Yuuji: Why should I?
Yumiko: Because... if you do that, you're... uuu... you're going to...
Yuuji: I'm going to... what?
Yumiko: If you keep pleasuring me... in so many places at once... W-Well... I'm going to come right away, all right!?
Narration: *Strikes me as a bit of an overreaction. For some reason, Yumiko still seems to find admitting this sort of thing embarrassing.*
Yuuji: Didn't you ask me not to hold back?
Yumiko: Y-Yes, I did, but... I want this to last a little longer, Yuuji. Please be... gentle, for now...
Yuuji: ...All right.
Narration: *As requested, I slow down the pace dramatically, moving as gently and carefully as I would with a virgin.*
Yumiko: Fwah... aah, ahn! Haa, haa, nn... You're moving so slowly, but I'm still... aah, haa, haa, nn... ahn!
Narration: *Yumiko shakes her head back and forth as if in pain, her long hair tickling my skin.*
Narration: *But as time passes she seems to grow more comfortable with the pleasure; eventually the girl's complaints fade away, leaving only the sound of her slightly rough breathing.*
Yumiko: Fwaah, haa, haa... nn... aaah... haa, haa... nn... haa!
Yumiko: Nfh, haa, haa, haa. I-I do like... this sort of thing every once in a while...
Yuuji: If you like it, Yumiko, then so do I.
Yumiko: Y-You don't need to... butter me up. Haa, haa... haa. Nnnh, ah, haa, haa...
Narration: *We maintain this easy pace for a little while.*
Narration: *But at some point, Yumiko's relaxed breathing begins to take on a harsh, ragged edge.*
Yumiko: Haa, haa, haa, haa... nn, please... Nn, aah... Please t-touch me... Touch the other places, too...
Yuuji: Didn't you want to make this last?
Yumiko: Yes, but... nn, ah... if you keep moving this gently, I think I'm going to go crazy...
Yuuji: Sorry, why? Isn't it usually the other way around?
Yumiko: Fwaan, ah... I want to come, but I can't... The pleasure just keeps building and building without an outlet... I don't know what to do with it all...
Narration: *The girl finally seems to be learning how frustrating it is to be denied release.*
Yumiko: I-I can't stand it anymore... Haa, haa, haa, nnnh! Aah... I-It's like you're torturing me with kindness...
Yuuji: All right then. I'll release you from your suffering right away.
Yumiko: Ah... hyaaah! Aaaah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Narration: *Thrusting my hips vigorously forward, I roll her right breast around in my palm and press down sharply on her clitoris with the bottom of my index finger.*
Yumiko: Ahn! Aaaaah, y-you don't have to do it that intensely... aieee! Aaah, noOOooo! When you do both at once, I can't even think s... nnngh! Fwaaah!
Narration: *Despite her objections, Yumiko's vagina practically sprays out lubricating fluid, and she grinds her waist against my hand to request even more stimulation.*
Yumiko: Nnn...!
Narration: *Tightly embracing Yumiko's intermittently-trembling body from behind, I firmly slap my waist up against her again and again.*
Yumiko: Hyaaaah! No, wait... aah! D-Don't just... go after my sensitive spots... guh, ghhh... aaaaah!
Yuuji: Isn't this what you were asking for?
Yumiko: W-Well, yes, but... you don't have to go all-out so suddenl... kh, naah...!
Narration: *I pull up on Yumiko's nipple with a slight twisting motion of my fingers. She yelps and twitches violently up off the bed.*
Yumiko: Uuh, nnnh! Hyyyah, it fuh, feels so good... haa, haaaagh!
Narration: *Piercing rapidly into Yumiko, I barrage her body with rough caresses. An intense mixture of pleasure and pain fills her voice.*
Yumiko: Ahn... nn, ah... nn, aaah! Eeeek...
Narration: *Soon, she's incapable of anything but moans and tea-kettle shrieks. It's obvious the girl's rapidly approaching orgasm.*
Yumiko: No more! Ah, ah, ah! I c-can't take any muh, more!! Aaah!
Narration: *Her entire body tensing up, Yumiko clutches at the sheets so hard that her fingers go white.*
Narration: *As if in retaliation, her vagina squeezes down on me spasmodically over and over again.*
Yumiko: Nnnngh! Ah, no! I just can't...! I'm going to... aaah, I'm going to come! FwaaaaaAAh!
Narration: *This intense pace isn't sustainable for long. I can feel the need to ejaculate rapidly rising up in me.*
Yuuji: Yeah, same here...!
Yumiko: Ah, aah... c-come with... nn, aaah! With me...! Ahn!
Yuuji: # **...Kuh.**
Narration: *With one final stroke, I push myself all the way up inside Yumiko, simultaneously squeezing her rock-hard nipple even more strongly then before.*
Yumiko: Nngh! Aah, fwaaaah! I'm, ah, co... aaaah! Hyaaaah! I'm coming! Ah, aaaaaaaah! 
Narration: *The instant Yumiko reaches orgasm, my cock pulses rapidly, unleashing a flood of white liquid inside her.*
Yumiko: Ah... aaah... haaah...
Narration: *All the tension drains from her body in a matter of seconds.*
Yumiko: Ah... nn... ah, haa, haa...
Narration: *Yumiko, lying against me as limp as a jellyfish, stares vacantly up at nothing in particular.*
Yumiko: Ah, haa, haa, haa... nn. You... made me come again, didn't you...?
Narration: *For some reason, there's a faint hint of disappointment in her voice.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Was the service unsatisfactory somehow, madam?
Yumiko: No, that's not it at all. I know you put your heart into it, Yuuji. I don't have anything to say...
Narration: *Yumiko smiles up at me.*
Yuuji: ...Wasn't enough for you?
Yumiko: You practically made me lose my mind. How could that possibly not be enough? It's just, well... you know...
Yuuji: Spit it out, Yumiko.
Narration: *For a moment, she thinks it over.*
Yumiko: All right then, I'll come out and say it. Just now... well... you were still going easy on me, weren't you?
Yuuji: Was I? That wasn't really my intention...
Yumiko: It's okay. You did exactly what I asked, after all. It was sweet of you, and I certainly enjoyed it. But... well, I suppose it does make me a little uneasy.
Yuuji: Uneasy? Sorry, that really wasn't what I was going for. Did I do something...?
Yumiko: You don't have to apologize. That's not what I meant... Uhm, to be honest... I was just wondering if you were really satisfied, that's all.
Yuuji: What, you're worried I wasn't enjoying that?
Yumiko: That's right. It felt like you spent the whole time worrying about me, so maybe you didn't manage to satisfy yourself?
Yumiko: I mean... I said one thing at the start, but kept changing my mind. So I'm just trying to say... next time, you really can do it as roughly as you want...
Yuuji: It's not like I want to do it rough every single time, you know?
Yumiko: Y-Yes, I know. Maybe I jumped to conclusions there, but, uhm, that's not the only reason I asked you to go all-out...
Yumiko: I wanted you to feel good too, Yuuji. I wanted to let you do whatever you want for once...
Yuuji: That just now felt damn good. I think I said as much.
Yumiko: Maybe, but I can tell you're still holding back for my sake, Yuuji. So... can we maybe try that again? This time, you can do anything you please...
Narration: *The girl squirms a little, rubbing her thighs together bashfully.*
Yumiko: But if you're not in the mood right now... I w-won't force you, of course...
Narration: *She stares up expectantly at me through her eyelashes, cheeks bright red.*
Yumiko: It's entirely up to you, Yuuji. It's not like I really want more... I'm not b-begging you or anything. Don't get the wrong idea.
Yuuji: ...All right. In that case, I'm going to use your body however I feel like using it. Assuming you're okay with that, Yumiko?
Yumiko: ...O-Of course. Ah!
Narration: *I promptly push Yumiko down and slide my body between her legs.*
Yuuji: This might get a little intense.
Yumiko: I'll be fine. A-After all... I can endure anything if you're the one doing it to me, Yuuji.
Yuuji: ...You do know how my personality works, right? If you keep talking to me like that, I won't be able to hold back...
Yumiko: ...That's the whole point. Just to be clear... if I start saying "no" or "stop" or something, ignore me. I'll never forgive you if you actually listen.
Yumiko: Keep going until you're completely satisfied, Yuuji.
Yuuji: That's the plan. I'm going to put it in now.
Yumiko: O-Okay. Go ahead...
Narration: *Once again, I push my cock inside her.*
Yumiko: ...Ah, nnh... nn, haa... haa!
Narration: *Yumiko's already breathing roughly just from the initial insertion. She looks up at me bashfully, cheeks red, a mixture of anticipation and anxiety in her eyes.*
Yumiko: Nn... so? What are you planning to do with me?
Yuuji: Wrap your hands together behind my neck and pull yourself against me. As firmly as you can manage, all right?
Yumiko: Huh? O-Okay. Like this?
Yuuji: That's right, just like that. Make sure you don't let go.
Narration: *Yumiko giggles softly, sounding more than a little relieved.*
Yumiko: What's this? All you wanted to do is make love while hugging each other like this? You've got a surprisingly romantic side at times.
Yuuji: Not sure if I'd really classify this as "romantic," actually... Listen, just make sure you've got a good firm grip there.
Yumiko: Sure, but... if I'm hugging you this tightly, won't it be hard for you to mo... kya!
Narration: *Slipping my arms under Yumiko's knees, I reach around and grasp her soft, white ass with both hands, then rise to my feet - carrying her up with me.*
Yumiko: Kyaaa?!
Narration: *As I haul Yumiko into the air, her peaceful smile instantly disappears.*
Yumiko: Wh... Whaaat!?
Narration: *She clings to me desperately, eyes wide as saucers.*
Yumiko: Y-You're planning to do it like this? Seriously? This isn't some kind of joke?
Yuuji: I'm very serious. Not to worry, I won't drop you. I'm pretty strong.
Yumiko: Well, yes, I imagine so... b-but that doesn't make this any less...
Narration: *Trailing off, the girl looks into my face uncertainly.*
Yumiko: Is t-this what you wanted to do, Yuuji?
Yuuji: It's just what I felt like doing at this particular moment. As I said before, the two of us are going to be together for a very long time. Rest assured, I plan to do a wide variety of terrible things to you in the future.
Yumiko: T-That's not what I'm worried about! Uhm, it's just... having my body floating in mid-air like this f-feels a little... scary.
Yuuji: Are you actually scared, Yumiko?
Yumiko: ...Why would you doubt me?
Yuuji: Because you've been clamping down on my cock like a vise for a while now.
Yumiko: Wha...?
Yuuji: Maybe you just want me to get moving already? A woman who's got dick on the brain doesn't usually bother worrying about that sort of thing. Just a thought.
Yumiko: Guhhh! ...L-Look, these are the kind of thoughts you keep to yourself...
Yuuji: Anyway... As requested, I'm now going to thoroughly and ruthlessly enjoy myself.
Yumiko: Y...Yes. That'd make me happy. You really can do just as you please, Yuuji...
Yuuji: All right.
Narration: *Taking that as my cue, I dig my fingers firmly into Yumiko's ass.*
Yumiko: Kya! M-My body just moved up a little...
Yuuji: Yeah. Think about it... there's no other way to do it in this position, right?
Yumiko: W-Well, maybe so, but... I can't believe it's even possible. You men really are powerful, aren't you...
Narration: *As Yumiko mumbles in astonishment, I hoist her further up into the air until only the head of my penis is still inside her.*
Yumiko: Hyahn!
Narration: *When I loosen my grip and let her fall, Yumiko's own body weight drives her all the way back down onto my cock.*
Yumiko: Aah! Ah... ka, gh, guh, aah, aaaah...!!
Narration: *Might've been a bit too much for the first stroke. The girl squeezes her eyes shut, stifled screams of pain leaking out of her mouth.*
Yuuji: I'm going to keep going, all right?
Yumiko: ...Haah. Y-You don't need to bother asking for my permission every single t... hyaah! Fwaah, hyyyah!
Narration: *Once again, I pull Yumiko up then drop her back down.*
Yumiko: Nnnn! Aaah! Kuh... haa, aaah!
Narration: *Every time she's skewered by my penis, Yumiko's body shudders violently against me.*
Yumiko: Hyaah! Aaah! I-I'm... being tossed around... completely at Yuuji's mercy... fwaah, nnnh!
Narration: *Voice trembling, she squeezes out a few words in between strokes.*
Yumiko: T-This... fwaah... nn, eeek! Almost feels like... nnh, I-I'm just, nn... your p-property...!
Yuuji: You have a problem with that? Feel free to fight back.
Yumiko: Fwaaah! Nnnh! Ah! H-How could I possibly... nnnn! Fight back, gh! From this position...!? Hyaah! Nn, haa!
Narration: *Yumiko's gasps tickle my ear, her breath hot enough to burn.*
Yumiko: A-And also, I... don't really... kuh... h-hate being treated like this... either. Ahn!
Yuuji: ...In that case, I'll make it even rougher.
Yumiko: Wha? Ahn! Aaaaaaaaah!
Narration: *I pick up the pace, hauling Yumiko into the air faster and faster without lessening the power of every individual attack.*
Yumiko: Nggh! Nooo! Ah, haah! T-This is just...! Hyaaaaaaaaah! Aaaah! Nooooo!
Yumiko: Ah, fwaah! I-It's so... fwaaah! Aah... aah, haa, haa, nn... aaaaah!
Narration: *Yumiko writhes in my arms, twisting her head back in distress as I mercilessly slide her up and down my cock.*
Yumiko: Noooo! I-I'm going to break! Hyaaaah! I-If you keep th-this up... I'll... fall apart...! Nngh!
Narration: *Liquid flows out of the girl's vagina, dripping down the shaft of my penis every time I lift her into the air.*
Narration: *The bedsheets below us are already stained with her juices. Their pleasantly lewd scent fills the room.*
Narration: *Little by little, through numerous repetitions of the basic up-down movement, Yumiko seems to be getting used to having her womb jolted by my penis while precariously suspended in my arms.*
Yuuji: All right, I think it's time to get serious.
Yumiko: Huh? W-What do you mean, serious...? Isn't this... Hyaah!
Narration: *Her face crumpling, Yumiko squeezes both eyes shut.*
Yumiko: Hyaaaaaah!! Uunh!
Narration: *With a choked scream, she stretches out her toes against my back.*
Narration: *All this probably has something to do with the way I've started to actively thrust my dick up into her. Can't just let gravity do all the work.*
Yumiko: Fwah, aaah! Kuh!
Narration: *The original routine was intense, but predictable. This time I add some variation, alternating deep slow strokes with rapid shallow thrusts.*
Yumiko: Fwaah, y-you can't be serious! Hyaaah, aaah...
Narration: *After rotating the head of my cock rapidly just inside her, I abruptly let Yumiko fall, piercing all the way to the back of her vagina. I'm constantly moving up and down, left and right, as if to expand the narrow hole I'm exploring.*
Narration: *Every once in a while, I pull myself all the way out and rub the tip of my penis directly against her labia and clitoris.*
Yumiko: Ah... fwa, aaah. Nooo... don't s-stir it around l-like th... that... I-It makes me feel so strange...
Yuuji: You enjoy getting stirred up?
Yumiko: T-That's not it! Why would you even... uggh! Eeeek!
Narration: *I take this as my cue to stir my cock around all the more vigorously. Yumiko's eyes grow increasingly dreamy and unfocused.*
Yumiko: When you do t-that to me... fuh, haah, I-I can't even... think s... hyaaaaah!
Narration: *In between gasps and sniffles, she whimpers incoherently in a voice choked with tears.*
Yumiko: Nn, eee! Eeeah, ah... aaaah, fwaaah! Nhaah! Aaah!
Narration: *Eventually her body starts to convulse in my arms, twitching intensely back and forth.*
Yumiko: Afuh... nnn! You're going to make me... come!! Aaah! nn! I ca-can't stoooop!!
Yuuji: Yumiko... guh...!
Narration: *The girl's pressing her nails directly against my neck. Probably doesn't even realize she's doing it.*
Narration: *As her body grows tense, Yumiko's fingernails dig harder and harder into my skin...*
Yuuji: Nnh!
Narration: *And with one mighty blow against the mouth of her uterus, I push her to her second climax of the night.*
Yumiko: I-I'm com-coming...!! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! HyaaaaaaaAAaaaah! 
Narration: *Still buried deep inside Yumiko, I come to a stop and wait for the tremors running through her body to die down.*
Yumiko: Aah... haa, haa, haa... nn, haa... aah...
Narration: *After what seems like minutes, she slumps forward against me. I quickly resettle my arms around her legs to keep her from sliding to the ground.*
Narration: *For a while, she gasps for air like someone who's just run a marathon.*
Yumiko: ...Uu... ah. Nn. Haa, haa, haa... You still haven't... haa, haa, nn, finished, have you?
Yuuji: That's right. As promised, I'm going to keep going until I'm completely satisfied... I assume that's all right with you?
Yumiko: Y-You don't need to ask... nnh, I've already braced myself... Nngh! Huh? Aaaah, hyaaah! No way, already...? Hnnah!
Narration: *Shaking Yumiko up and down, I gyrate my waist to change the angle of attack, rubbing unpredictably against the still-pulsing walls of her vagina.*
Yumiko: Guh, aah! Nnnngh! Wait, I j-just came! I'm still all sensi...tiiive!
Yuuji: Yes, I'm aware.
Yumiko: Fwaah! Y-You're horrible! Ah, aaah! Nngh. Noooo! Afwaah, i-it feels so good... Nn, it's almost painful! Aaah!
Narration: *Alternating the movements of my body, sometimes shifting position slightly, I pump away at Yumiko in pursuit of selfish pleasure.*
Narration: *As her pants grow high-pitched and frantic, I find myself moving faster and faster, relishing every yelp out of her mouth.*
Yuuji: (Might be even more satisfying messing her up because I love her so much...)
Narration: *The desire to treasure Yumiko and the thirst to break her swirl around inside me, somehow coexisting without contradiction.*
Narration: *It's becoming harder and harder to contain my swelling emotions.*
Yumiko: Nooooooo!
Narration: *Smacking my waist loudly against her, I vigorously swing Yumiko back and forth on top of my cock. She sways weakly in my arms, too stunned to resist.*
Yumiko: Ahyaaah! Nn! Aaah, t-this is just... t-terrible, nnh! Aaah! Aaah. Y-You're really... going to drive me crazy...! Nnn!
Narration: *A tingling, warm pleasure spreads out through my lower back.*
Narration: *There's no longer any shred of technique in my movements. I'm simply indulging in Yumiko's beautiful body like an animal.*
Yuuji: ...Yumiko... I love you...
Narration: *In between intermittent gasps of breath, my feelings spill spontaneously out of my mouth.*
Yumiko: Wha? Fwaa, aah... nn, haa, haa, I-I love... nnn... you too, Yuuji... hyaaah...!
Narration: *The moment I hear Yumiko's answer, something in my head seems to boil over. I find myself moving her almost violently, as fast as my arms can lift her body.*
Yumiko: Hyaaaah! I c-can't take anymore... Y-Yuuji, Yuuji...! I l-love... I love you...! Nnngh...!
Yuuji: I love you too, Yumiko...
Narration: *Her soaking wet vagina writhes affectionately around my penis every time I say the words.*
Yumiko: I love you so much! Ah, hyaaah! I love you! So g-give me more! Make my whole body... hyaaah! Ahh, nngh! Into your private property!
Yuuji: Yeah... you're mine... I'll never let go of you, but you have to return the favor... Make me yours, Yumiko...!
Yumiko: Y-Yes... Yes...!!
Narration: *Just hearing her voice sends sparks flying before my eyes. Ecstasy surges through my entire body.*
Yuuji: Kuh... here we go...!
Narration: *Once again, Yumiko's nails dig deeply against the back of my neck. But even that somehow feels pleasant right now.*
Narration: *Putting all my remaining strength into one last spurt, I haul her up and down along my cock with furious intensity.*
Yumiko: Nnnnh! Hyaaaaaaah, aah, haa, haa, haa, haa, haa... nn, hah, haa, haa... nn, nnngh!
Yuuji: Haa, haa, haa...!
Narration: *The sounds of our rough breathing merge together into a single chorus of passion.*
Yumiko: Hyaaa, nn! M-Me too... I'm c... ah, aaah, com... aaaah! Hyaaaah! I'm coming again...!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Yumiko: Ah, ah, aaaaaaah!!
Narration: *Just as Yumiko orgasms, I can feel her fingernails breaking the skin of my neck. In that moment, it feels like something's exploded in the back of my head. Everything goes pure white.*
Narration: *It's my second ejaculation of the night, but apparently I still had a lot left in the tank. White liquid instantly overflows from inside Yumiko's vagina and trickles down over my pulsing cock.*
Yuuji: Nnn...
Yumiko: Hya!
Narration: *It's pretty much just overkill at this point, but my balls just keep going and going. Doesn't help that Yumiko's vagina keeps sucking tightly up on me.*
Yumiko: Aaaah, ah, Yuuji's... filling me up. It feels... amazing...
Yumiko: It's so warm... and, well... I-I don't know quite how to say this, but... nn, ahn, hah, haa, hah.
Narration: *Yumiko struggles to speak, her voice lurching with aftershocks of pleasure.*
Yumiko: ...Haa, haa... nn... it makes me... very happy...
Yuuji: Yeah, I know what you mean...
Narration: *I've never felt this satisfied and fulfilled making love to a woman before. Not even close.*
Narration: *Still wrapped up in my arms, Yumiko leans forward limply and smiles.*
Yumiko: Haa, haa, haa... U-Uhm, Yuuji?
Narration: *Averting her eyes slightly from mine, she continues in a tone of mild embarrassment.*
Yumiko: It might be a little strange to say this again now that we're done... but I don't want to save it exclusively for when we're having sex, either. So I'm going to repeat myself...
Narration: *The smile on her face grows larger.*
Yumiko: I love you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: I love you too, Yumiko.
Narration: *She just nods, profound contentment written across her face.*
