
Kazuki: You still haven't gone to sleep?
Amane: Uh, yeah. I'm having a hard time getting myself to relax...
Kazuki: How many times do I have to tell you? Don't move around pointlessly. Rest when it's time to rest, and preserve your energy. When the time comes, you'll have to move whether you like it or not.
Amane: Yeah. I know you're right, but... all these negative thoughts keep popping into my head.
Kazuki: I see... Well, all right then. I suppose we need to find some way to cheer you up a little. Unfortunately, we don't have any tranquilizers... Unless you have a personal supply?
Amane: Why the heck would I?
Kazuki: You sound awfully disapproving. Minor tranquilizers are prescribed for issues as minor as stiff shoulders, you know?
Amane: Really? I didn't know that. My shoulders are fine, though.
Kazuki: In that case, I suppose there's only one option left.
Amane: What's that?
Kazuki: Sketches.
Amane: ...Hm?
Kazuki: Didnt'cha hear me? Sketches.
Amane: ...What?
Kazuki: Has anyone ever told you that you're a bit slow on the uptake? Be thankful you've gotten through life unscathed so far.
Amane: Well, I can't recall anyone ever calling me "perceptive," I guess.
Kazuki: I'm proposing that we perform sketches in order to cheer you up a little.
Amane: Sketches, as in... comedy sketches?
Kazuki: Of course. I doubt a philosophical play on the virtues of positivism would do much to improve your mood.
Amane: I don't really understand what you're even talking about right now, just so you know.
Kazuki: What, still not on board? All right then, let's start off by coming up with a name for our act. Maybe that will get you a little more in the mood... How does "Kazu-chan and Ama-chan" tickle your fancy?
Amane: ...I don't really like it.
Kazuki: I see. How about "The Buswrecks," then?
Amane: Uh... feels a little too soon for that one.
Kazuki: "The Value of Salt"?
Amane: We'd have to do pretty surreal routines with a name like that...
Kazuki: "Amane and her Pals"?
Amane: No way. That makes it sound like I'm the one who wants to do this.
Kazuki: You're just full of complaints, aren't you? How about coming up with a suggestion of your own, then?
Amane: Huh...? Uhm, let's just go with the first, then.
Kazuki: The first... What, exactly?
Amane: Oh, you know... "Kazu-chan and Ama-chan."
Kazuki: It's settled, then. You don't mind playing the "dunce" role, I assume?
Amane: Yeah, yeah. I knew that was coming...
Kazuki: Okay, let's start with a greeting. Hello, everyone! Kazu-chan here! 
Amane: I'm Ama-chan.
Kazuki: Could you do this properly, please?
Amane: R-Right. I'm Ama-chan!
Kazuki: Well, that bus crash sure came outta nowhere! And in this heat, too!
Amane: Yep, August's been brutal, and it's only gettin' hotter. At this rate, we're in for one sweltering winter!
Kazuki: Hey now! You really think we're going to live that long!?
Amane: Hold on a second!!
Kazuki: Yes?
Amane: Is that really what you want to go with there? Normally, wouldn't you, uh... follow up about the weather thing?
Kazuki: Sorry. Couldn't help thinking about our chances of survival.
Amane: Let's try working out an actual setting first, okay? That should keep things a little more on track.
Kazuki: All right then, how about a coffee shop? That strikes me as a fairly orthodox choice.
Amane: Great, let's go with that! Skit time!
Kazuki: "Coffee Shop."
Amane: Clip-clop, clip-clop.
Kazuki: Hey there, come on in!
Amane: Oh, mind if I take this seat? Nice place you've got here.
Kazuki: Thank you kindly. Here's the menu. 
Amane: Uhm, let's see... I'll have the pasta with meat sauce and an iced tea. Oh, and a mille-feuille after the food, please.
Kazuki: I'm terribly sorry, but we're actually a little short on ingredients at the moment...
Amane: Aw, seriously? What do you have on hand, then?
Kazuki: Let's see. We've got one dog, Komori-san, and...
Amane: Okay, no! Stop! Let's not go down that road either!
Kazuki: Well, someone's just full of complaints. You'll never conquer the world as a comedian with that kind of attitude.
Amane: Uh, fine by me? That wasn't really the idea.
Kazuki: What? Didn't we swear to make the big time together?
Amane: Not that I recall.
Kazuki: Hmm, perhaps you're right. In any case, how does this theme strike you for our next try? "Musician."
Amane: Oh, now that sounds ambitious! Skit number two, here goes!
Kazuki: "Musician."
Amane: Hey hey! Let's blast through this recording session, guys!
Kazuki: Hey there. We're ready for ya.
Amane: Okay, here goes. Hmmhm-hmmm, hmmm...♪
Kazuki: Uh, hold on, gotta stop for a second. We're picking up some noise...
Amane: The heck? Such a downer. Do your job, man...
Kazuki: Okay, let's try one more time. Go ahead.
Amane: Hmmhm-hmmm, hmmm...♪
Kazuki: Dang, this is no good. This ain't just noise, it's somebody talking...
Amane: Say what? Hold on, are you... picking up the sound of a ghost's voice or something!?
Kazuki: Wanna take a little listen?
Voice: Sen...pai...
Amane: Aaaagh! It's saying "Senpai"! Is this the spirit of a student who killed herself after getting dumped by her beloved!?
Kazuki: Nah. Looks like Komori-san just collapsed in the back of the studio and started moaning deliriously to herself. Sorry 'bout that.
Komori: Senpa...iii...
Amane: Eeeeeeeagh! Okay, that's enough of this one! Cut! Cut!
Kazuki: What, again? Are you even taking this seriously?
Amane: S-Sure, but, I mean...
Kazuki: Also, I think you should probably get off Komori-san, if you're capable of moving...
Amane: Aaaah, when did I step on her!? I'm so sorry, Komori-san!
Komori: Senpai... Senpaaaaii...
Amane: Gyaaaaaaaah! I'm not your senpai!
Kazuki: Oh? Seems like yer finally starting to cheer up a little. Ain't that lovely.
Amane: Like hell I am!!!
Man: ......
Man: Hey, do you hear voices coming from down there?
Man 2: What, there? Your ears must be playin' tricks on you.
Man: You think...? I'm pretty sure I heard someone...
Man 2: Just forget about it. Let's get going.
Man: Hmm?
Kazuki: Okay, you be the straight man this time! Hit me with your snappiest comebacks!
Amane: What th' heeeell!?
Man: ......
Man: They seem cheerful enough. Guess there's nothing to worry about.
Narration: *In this very way, a pair of bystanders who'd coincidentally stumbled across the scene of a disaster may well have wandered right off, never suspecting the severity of the situation... or not.*
Amane: All right, I've had it up ta here with you! We're through, ya hear me? Through!
Amane: Thanks for watching, everyone!

Sachi: Well, heavens ta betsy, Yuuji-kun. Yer whole arm's gone, ain't it?
Yuuji: Yep, it's gone. Wanna touch it?
Sachi: You betcha! Where should I touch, though?
Yuuji: Where my arm used ta be.
Sachi: That's kinda tricky... ah, geez. This sure looks mighty bad...
Yuuji: It's a real hassle, I'll tell ya. But my Ma said she's gonna go out an' buy me an artificial arm.
Sachi: Ya don't say?
Yuuji: Yeah, she went out ta Shoei. They're offerin' double reward points today, so we had ta wait.
Sachi: Well, good fer you.
Yuuji: Yeah!
Sachi: Hey, mind if I eat these here crackers?
Yuuji: Sure, help yerself.
Sachi: Munch, crunch.
Amane: Argh, what a scorcher!!
Yuuji: Whoa, don't just come burstin' in... agh! What th' heck!?
Amane: Oh, if it ain't Komine-san. Howdy there.
Sachi: Uh, howdy.
Yuuji: Why aren't ya wearin' any clothes!?
Amane: What d'ya mean? It's hot as hell out.
Yuuji: That ain't no reason to be walkin' around nude!
Amane: Huh? What's th' big deal? There's plenty of nudist beaches in Europe and th' states, ya know?
Yuuji: We're in Japan, Ma! And you've never been to a nudist beach in yer life! 
Amane: Oh goodness. Komine-san, ya don't have to stare at my bust like that...
Yuuji: She ain't starin'!
Sachi: I'm not starin', really...
Amane: Oh, now that reminds me. Komine-san, do ya go to cram school or anything? Yuu-kun here just doesn't wanna study, I swear. Mind if I take one of them crackers? Munch munch...
Yuuji: I didn't say you could have one! Look, can ya stop talkin' our ears off and just give me m'new arm?
Amane: Now yer just bein' rude! Ya got no right ta talk to yer ma like that, kiddo!
Yuuji: If ya want me to be nice, then stop walkin' around naked!
Amane: Honestly, Yuu-kun, yer such a handful... munch munch.
Yuuji: Stop eatin' my crackers already!
Amane: Oh, I'm scared now! Don't worry, mmfh. I did buy that arm for ya...
Amane: Here ya go. One artificial arm. I went with black.
Yuuji: Wait, what!? Why black, Ma!? It's gonna stick out like a sore thumb!
Amane: Geez, ya don't have to shout like that. Now you really are scarin' your poor ol' mother.
Yuuji: This don't make any sense! Why wouldn't ya just go with a natural skin color?! 
Amane: Aw, whaaat? Black's way cooler, right?
Amane: This here's "piano black." Everyone loves it. Th' lady at the store said it was th' last one they had in stock, ya know? What a lucky boy you are, Yuu-kun. Yer gonna look so handsome!
Yuuji: A black arm's just gonna look weird! Everyone's gonna make fun of me!
Amane: What? Why? It's super cool. Ain't that so, Komine-san? Piano black's th' best, ain't it?
Sachi: U-Uh, sure...
Amane: Hear that? Komine-san agrees with me.
Yuuji: Oh, shut up! Take it back to the store an' get me a different one!
Amane: Are ya serious!? Hmph! Fine, I'll just use this one myself. Aah, this thing's sooo awesome. I've always wanted one just like this! What a beaut! Chomp chomp. 
Yuuji: Stop eatin' my crackers, dammit! Listen, I'm not putting that thing on, y'hear!? I'll take it back myself!
Amane: Are ya sure you wanna keep actin' all spoiled about this? Want me ta get yer pa?
Yuuji: Uh... well, uhm...
Amane: Paaaaa! Paaaaaa!
Bush dog: Nafoo.
Amane: See? Now ya got yer pa barkin' mad, kiddo.
Sachi: Uhm, hey... is he actually angry?
Yuuji: I-I dunno...
Bush dog: Nafoo.
Amane: Yep, yer right. Couldn't have said it better m'self.
Bush dog: Nafoo.
Amane: Yeah, exactly. Well said, hun. So true.
Bush dog: Nafoo.
Amane: Uh, well... I dunno if ya have to go that far...
Bush dog: Nafoo.
Amane: Well, sure. That's true. Anyway, Yuu-kun, you'll just hafta put up with a black arm.
Yuuji: Okay... fine...
Amane: Now then, yer pa and I are gonna head out to th' supermarket fer a while, okay? We'll buy ya some sherbert. 
Bush dog: Nafoo.
Sachi: Yer pa's a pretty tough cookie, Yuuji-kun. What... is he, exactly?
Yuuji: A bush dog.
Sachi: Ah. A bush dog, huh...?
Yuuji: Yep.
Sachi: That arm really is super black, huh?
Yuuji: Yep. It's black, all right.
Sachi: Well... wanna try puttin' it on?
Yuuji: Hmmm.
Yuuji: ...
Sachi: Looks purty nice.
Yuuji: That it does.

Amane: Haa, haa... S-So tired...
Sachi: Oh, Amane-san. Fresh out of the bath, I see?
Amane: Nice timing, Sacchan. Would you mind giving me a massage...?
Sachi: I must say, you seem rather tired. Did something happen? Mmfh...
Amane: Nwohoh! Yeah, something definitely happened...
Sachi: Bwah bwah bwaaaah...
Amane: Geez, Yuuji's been kinda cold lately. He barely even reacts when I mash my breasts against him...
Amane: He could grope them all day long as far as I'm concerned, but he seems reluctant to go for it...
Amane: And therefore, I've devised a plan! I call it... "what's in the box!?"
Amane: Here we have the box in question. Yuuji will stick his hand into it blindly and try to figure out what its contents are.
Amane: However... the way this box is designed, I can hold it against my chest and put my breasts inside!
Amane: In other words, Yuuji will be feeling me up without even realizing it...
Amane: "Hmm... What on earth is this? It's soft as a marshmallow, yet supple as a gummy bear at the tip!"
Amane: Aha... Yuuji, why don't you squeeze those "gummies" a little more?
Amane: "All right. I'll try varying my force somewhat. Squeeze, squeeze, SQUEEZE!"
Amane: "Ah, ah! Nhooo! Here comes the fruit juice! What perceeeent!?"
Amane: "100% juice."
Amane: Aaah, so freeeesh!
Amane: ...I'm pretty sure that's how it'll go. Nhuhuh.
Amane: Hey, Yuuji! Yuuji!
Yuuji: Yes? You need something?
Amane: Ehehe. Wanna have some fun with me?
Yuuji: What are you, a prostitute?
Amane: Aw, that's not what I meant...
Amane: How about you and me play "what's in the box," hmmm?
Yuuji: Oh? I had no idea you were interested in that.
Amane: Huh? Uhm, yeah. I've been wanting to give it a try for a while now.
Yuuji: All right then, let's get to it. First, change into your gym clothes.
Amane: My gym clothes? Uh, I think I'm okay like this...
Yuuji: We'll meet up at point A in the courtyard. The detailed schedule will be announced on site.
Amane: Huh? O-Okay...
Sachi: Well, sounds like it all worked out. Did he give you a nice groping? Mmmfh.
Amane: Whoof! Actually, it didn't go remotely according to plan. He marched me out into the woods, then announced we were starting an "endurance course" or something!
Sachi: Bwah bwah bwaaaah...
Yuuji: All right. The endurance training session is now underway!
Amane: Huh? Wait, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: First of all, you're going to rappel down a 70-degree cliff from a height of 50 meters. Prepare yourself!
Yuuji: First, we wrap the ropes tightly around your waist and thighs... then we slip the rappelling rope though the carabiner between your legs...
Amane: Hold on. I, uh... don't really mind being all tied up, but this feels kinda different somehow...
Yuuji: Time for your descent! Ready, GO!
Amane: Aaaaagh! Oh, my butt! It huuurts!
Yuuji: Next up is the bridge crossing!
Amane: Wha―!? You want me to walk across this rope bridge thing?
Yuuji: Indeed. This here is a suspension bridge with a max height of twenty-seven meters. You're going to make your way across it. Since it's your first time, I was thoughtful enough to set up a safety net. Lucky you, right?
Amane: Uh, not really. Look... I just wanted a little squeezy-squeezy, so...
Yuuji: Ready, set, GO!
Amane: Eeeeek!
Yuuji: I gave you a first aid kit in case you manage to hurt yourself, right? There's nothing to worry about!
Amane: I'm worried anywaaaaay!
Yuuji: All right, not bad!
Yuuji: Lastly, we'll be fording this stream. The two of us will walk through it all the way to our destination.
Amane: Wait... you want to walk through this muddy water? With our clothes still on?
Yuuji: Exactly. Here, I'll take the lead.
Yuuji: All right, Amane! Follow my lead!
Amane: Argggh! Fine, whatever!
Amane: Ugggh, it's so muddy and sliiimy... I kinda like the way it feels, but still!
Yuuji: Keep moving, Amane! Forward march!
Amane: Y-Yessir!
Amane: Haa, haa... Wh-Why is this... happening to me...?
Yuuji: Amane, we've nearly reached our waypoint. It's almost time!
Amane: Almost time...?
Yuuji: Right, here we are. Now then, take a look at that wooden box!
Amane: Wooden box...? You mean this?
Yuuji: Indeed. There are more than ten individual items within that box. Take a careful look and memorize each one!
Amane: Hweh? O-Okay. Let's see... Gotta memorize...
Yuuji: Okay then, we're moving to the next waypoint!
Amane: Whaaaat!? Is there something else waiting for us there!?
Yuuji: Indeed. The second box!
Amane: Whaaaaaaaaaaaaat!?
Sachi: Bwah bwah bwaaaah...
Amane: So then... two hours after that training course was over, do you know what Yuuji said to me?
Sachi: "Good work out there"? Or perhaps "well done"?
Amane: Nope! He asked me to tell him what was in those boxes!
Sachi: What!?
Amane: He said the whole thing was a test to see if I could remain calm and focused in a combat situation... and I'd fail unless I remembered everything hours after the fact.
Sachi: ...Did Kazami-san perhaps assume "what's in the box" was referring to this test... and force you to partake in his endurance training course based on that misunderstanding?
Amane: Exactly! How can you possibly get it that wrong!? I can't believe him, honestly! And I haven't even gotten to the part where we crawled through muddy trenches, or lugged "injured soldiers" around on improvised stretchers...
Sachi: Good gracious. You certainly had quite the day.
Amane: I'm sick of "what's in the box," that's for sure...
Sachi: You have my sincere sympathy.
Amane: So for my next approach, I was thinking about trying "slap-shove rock-paper-scissors" instead.
Sachi: Hm?
Amane: First I'll slap Yuuji in the crotch, then I'll put a condom on his penis, and then we play rock-paper-scissors. That should transition nicely into sexy times!
Sachi: Hmmm. That's a remarkably incomprehensible "game," I must say... Squeeze squeeze SQUEEZE. 
Amane: Aaahn! Not thereee!
Sachi: Ooh! Zero percent juice!
Amane: Who're you callin' juiceless, huh!?

Sachi: ...So as you can imagine, the police wasted no time surrounding the area with officers and K-9 units. It wasn't easy to make my getaway!
Michiru: Hoh, that's a funny story. I probably woulda peed myself! Good thing you were in the bathroom, I guess.
Makina: B-Breakin' news, everyone! I just spotted somethin' un-bee-lee-vabull!
Michiru: Oh, please. You're just exaggerating again, right? What was it?
Makina: I just saw... a tsuchinoko!
Michiru: A tsuchinoko!? Wait, for real?
Makina: It's true! I saw it with my own two eyes, so there's no doubt about it!
Michiru: Wow, that's pretty hard to believe... By the way, what's a tsuchinoko?
Sachi: The tsuchinoko is a snake-like cryptozoological creature rumored to reside in Japan... A "cryptid," in other words.
Sachi: It's supposedly capable of jumping exceptionally high and moving with remarkable speed. At times, bounties have been offered for its capture.
Michiru: Wait, you saw a cryptid!?
Makina: Yeah, in a corner of th' courtyard! Le'z go capture it, guys!
Makina: Huh? That's weird... It was right here a minute ago...
Michiru: Bah. Your eyes were probably just playing tricks on you or something.
Sachi: Don't lose heart, Maki-chan...
Amane: Huh? What are you guys up to?
Sachi: Well, Maki-chan tells us she spotted a cryptid...
Amane: A cryptid? Oh, please, don't be silly. Anyway, we're having nabe for dinner tonight! Hope you're all hungry!
Michiru: Nabe!? Really!?
Amane: Yep. Got my hands on some nice ingredients today!
Amane: Okaaay, here we go! Come and get your nabe!
Michiru: Yaaay! It looks so good!
Everyone: Thanks for the food!
Makina: Hey, uh, what's this here?
Amane: Oh, I found that out in the courtyard earlier. It's a nice fat mamushi viper, I think? Should give us lots of energy!
Makina: Nom nom. It's kinda freaky lookin', but the flavor ain't half bad!
Michiru: You really are quite the cook, Amane!
Amane: Aw, I don't know about that!
Everyone: Ahahaha.
Sachi: ...So then she got very angry at me, even though I'd only massaged her leg a little. She informed me that massaging the leg can be rather erotic, so I shouldn't do it quite so casually.
Michiru: Hmm, I see. Yeah, a leg massage is definitely a little borderline. Even if everyone's acting calm, you never know what the other person might be feeling on the inside, right?
Makina: B-Breakin' news, everyone! I just spotted somethin' un-bee-lee-vabull!
Michiru: Oh, please. You're just exaggerating again, right? What was it?
Makina: I just saw... a skyfish!
Michiru: A skyfish!? Wait, for real?
Makina: It's true! I saw it with my own two eyes, so there's no doubt about it!
Michiru: Wow, that's pretty hard to believe... By the way, what's a skyfish?
Sachi: The skyfish is a cryptozoological creature rumored to be capable of extremely rapid flight... A "cryptid," in other words. It's supposedly cylindrical in shape, with rather distinctive fins.
Michiru: Wait, you saw a cryptid!?
Makina: Yeah, in a corner of th' courtyard! Le'z go capture it, guys!
Makina: Huh? That's weird... It was flyin' around over here a minute ago..
Michiru: Bah. Your eyes were probably just playing tricks on you or something.
Sachi: Don't lose heart, Maki-chan...
Amane: Huh? What are you guys up to?
Sachi: Well, Maki-chan tells us she spotted another cryptid...
Amane: A cryptid? Oh, please, don't be silly. Anyway, we're having nabe for dinner tonight! Hope you're all hungry!
Michiru: Nabe!? Really!?
Amane: Yep. Got my hands on some nice ingredients today!
Amane: Okaaay, here we go! Come and get your nabe!
Michiru: Yaaay! It looks so good!
Everyone: Thanks for the food!
Makina: Hey, uh, what's this here?
Amane: Oh, I caught that out in the courtyard earlier. It was flying around, but I guess it's a fish? Looked pretty tasty, so it should be nice and nourishing!
Makina: Nom nom. It's a little tough, but th' flavor ain't half bad!
Michiru: You really are quite the cook, Amane!
Amane: Aw, I don't know about that!
Everyone: Ahahaha.
Sachi: ...So after four years in a coma, I woke to find myself lying inside a station wagon, where I struggled desperately to make my toes move.
Michiru: Ooh. No kidding? Er, wait. What are you even talking about? Huh? Did that actually happen to you, Sachi? Is it just a story?
Sachi: Ufufu. That's an excellent question...
Makina: B-Breakin' news, everyone! I just spotted somethin' un-bee-lee-vabull!
Michiru: Oh, for crying out loud! I'm not falling for this again. Well? What is it now?
Makina: I just saw... a crystal skull!
Michiru: A crystal skull!? Wait, for real?
Makina: It's true! I saw it with my own two eyes, so there's no doubt about it!
Michiru: Wow, that's pretty hard to believe... By the way, what's a crystal skull?
Sachi: As the name might suggest, it refers to a skull literally made out of precious crystal.
Sachi: It's said they were created by the ancient Mayans, but the precision with which they were constructed was impossible for the technology of the time. Many consider them out-of-place artifacts... OOPArts, for short.
Michiru: Wait, you saw an OOPArt!?
Makina: Yeah, in a corner of th' courtyard! Le'z go grab it, guys!
Makina: Huh? That's weird... It was lyin' right over here a minute ago...
Michiru: Bah. Your eyes were probably just playing tricks on you or something.
Sachi: Don't lose heart, Maki-chan...
Amane: Huh? What are you guys up to?
Sachi: Well, Maki-chan tells us she spotted an OOPArt today...
Amane: An OOPArt? Oh, please, don't be silly. Anyway, we're having somen noodles for dinner tonight! Hope you're all hungry!
Michiru: Somen? Ooh, that sounds refreshing!
Amane: Yep. Got my hands on some tableware that should go perfectly with some nice cool noodles!
Amane: Okaaay, here we go! Come and get your somen!
Michiru: Yaaay! It looks so good!
Everyone: Thanks for the food!
Makina: Hey, this transparent bowl's super pretty! Where'd ya get this, huh?
Amane: Oh, I found that lying out in the courtyard earlier. It used to be in a pretty creepy shape, actually. But I really liked the material, so I carved it down into a refreshing Japanese-style bowl. Isn't it great?
Makina: Dang, it's so smooth! Kinda reminds me of a skellyton fer some reason... but I like it!
Michiru: You really are quite the cook, Amane!
Amane: Aw, I don't know about that!
Everyone: Ahahaha.
Michiru: Okay, hold on a second heeeere!
Amane: Huh? What is it?
Michiru: Isn't this, like, a little weird? Do you guys not see anything wrong with this picture?
Makina: Can't say I do.
Sachi: Nor do I.
Amane: Maybe it's just your imagination?
Michiru: ...My imagination...? Really...?
Sachi: Wah! The bowl suddenly began to glow!
Makina: Dang, that's a classy touch!
Bowl: Who... dares... wake... me... from... my... slumber...?
Michiru: Did it just say something!? Guys! Is it me, or did that bowl just SAY something!?
Amane: Maybe it's just your imagination? Talk about classy, though!
Michiru: Is it SERIOUSLY just my imagination!?

Date: *June 19, 2012, 18:14 - Metropolitan Area*
Narration: *―In order to obtain something, you need to sacrifice something else.*
Narration: *Sometimes that's money; sometimes it's time. There are all sorts of possibilities, depending on the circumstances.*
Narration: *Personally, I regard trading my time for a little peace as a fair enough trade. Nothing to complain about there.*
Narration: *Then again, complaining isn't really an option in the first place. Only a few people even know what I'm really doing here.*
Yuuji: ...9029.
JB: "Situation resolved. You can head on home now..."
Yuuji: ...Dammit... another ghost...?
Narration: *It's not uncommon for them to call us into the field, then leave us twiddling our thumbs waiting for a "ghost" until it's time to withdraw. I just happened to draw a "losing ticket" today.*
Narration: *I'm not upset about the wasted time. In fact, I'd probably count myself lucky.*
Narration: *The job of an agent really isn't that different from drawing lots from a hat. And the agents themselves are basically equivalent to the scraps of paper inside.*
Narration: *Sometimes you win a "prize." Sometimes you get squat.*
Narration: *Your case officer is the one who draws the lots; the agent who's pulled from the hat doesn't even know if they're the "winning" ticket or not.*
Narration: *In the first place, it's pretty standard to know practically nothing about your target, apart from their physical appearance.*
Narration: *I went straight to the location they specified over the phone, then a taxi driven by a three-digit semi-civilian operative picked me up. I took the gun from the trunk and proceeded to stand by on the roof of a high-rise building.*
Narration: *They kept me waiting up here for quite some time, but in the end, our target never showed up in the area I was positioned in. Simple as that.*
Narration: *Without a word of complaint, I close up my "shop," pack my "toys" away inside their aluminum case, and stand up to brush a bit of gravel off the seat of my work clothes.*
Narration: *All that said... once you've worked in this field for a while, you start to get a feel for whether or not a given job is going to involve a "prize."*
Narration: *For example, when you're called in without any briefing whatsoever...*
Narration: *...they don't bother pairing you up with a spotter, and there's only one bullet in the case the operative brings you, it's most likely a "losing" ticket.*
Narration: *"Situation Echo," they call it. Basically just a precautionary deployment.*
Narration: *Long story short, the world might be a dangerous place, but the trigger doesn't get pulled as often as one might think.*
Narration: *It's also possible that JB's been intentionally putting me on jobs that won't require any actual shooting, I suppose... But either way, the uneventfulness of these missions does raise some questions in itself.*
Narration: *What's going to become of the bullet I didn't use today?*
Narration: *Will they just reissue it to somebody else?*
Narration: *Seems unlikely, given the consistently pristine condition of the ammo I'm supplied with.*
Narration: *Is this an example of that famous "military efficiency" I've heard so much about?*
Narration: *Well, whatever. The world's full of mysteries.*
Narration: *After walking about two hundred meters from the commercial building where I was positioned, an elementary school comes into view.*
Narration: *When I passed by three hours ago, I could hear the high-pitched shouting of kids playing baseball with rubber balls and plastic bats, but... It's past six now, and the playground's completely deserted.*
Narration: *In exchange, there are more people walking their dogs or enjoying a bit of light aerobic exercise in the area. The number of cars parked on the streets has increased notably as well.*
Narration: *At a casual glance, most of them seem to be family vehicles or mini-cars...*
Narration: *And near one minivan with its side door open, I spot a cluster of women (who seem to be housewives) engaged in cheerful chit-chat.*
Narration: *They've probably rented the school gym for a recreational evening of volleyball, or something of that sort.*
Narration: *Next to this group, I stick out like a sore thumb with my oil-stained work clothes, rucksack, and bulky aluminum case.*
Narration: *As I pick up my pace to pass them by, a small van parked up ahead catches my eye.*
Narration: *"Asahi Clean LLC"*
Narration: *This isn't the first time I've seen those blue letters, or the dingy white vehicle they're written on.*
Man: Hey there. We're done for today. Hurry up and toss the luggage in.
Narration: *I'm also familiar with the spectacled man who pokes his head out of the driver-side window, then jerks his chin toward the trunk.*
Narration: *He's a three-digit operative who's handled "package retrieval" for me on a number of occasions. I seem to remember him introducing himself as "Ueda," but the chances of that being his actual name are slim to none.*
Narration: *The man's got a grumpy expression on his face today. Wiping the sweat from his brow with the sleeve of his t-shirt, he calls back to me as I'm opening the trunk.*
Ueda: Want a ride?
Yuuji: ...It's fine. There's a station nearby, I'll walk.
Ueda: All right then...
Narration: *Twisting his mouth slightly, Ueda stares into my eyes as if to evaluate my sanity.*
Narration: *After jobs like this, I often walk instead of letting the company drive me home.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, the guys in charge of "package retrieval" usually don't appreciate that.*
Narration: *The reason for that's simple enough. Every once in a while, an agent who pulled a "winning ticket" develops a guilty conscience and ends up killing themselves after the job.*
Narration: *In some sense, it almost seems elegant for a worn-out "tool" to dispose of itself once it's completed its mission, but I guess they don't want us dying quite that easily.*
Narration: *Fortunately, today's target was a "ghost," so Ueda doesn't really make an issue of it.*
Narration: *After shoving my aluminum case and rucksack into the trunk, I retrieve my personal posessions: a lunch box and shoulder bag.*
Ueda: ...You taking the promotion exam?
Yuuji: Been looking through my bag, huh?
Ueda: Sorry. It's part of the job.
Narration: *The bag I've just slung over my shoulder contains a number of technical manuals related to my company's formal examination process.*
Narration: *I brought them along in the hope I might have a little time to study, but in the end, all I managed was to skim a few pages on the taxi ride over.*
Yuuji: ...I might be getting married pretty soon. Given my current salary, I'm a little worried about the future...
Ueda: The money's not bad as long as you're earning enough danger pay.
Yuuji: Like I said, I'm getting married. Don't want to be earning danger pay if I can help it.
Ueda: Ah, gotcha...
Narration: *Ueda responds briefly in a disinterested tone of voice, then retrieves a fairly long cigarette butt from his ashtray and lights up.*
Ueda: Well, it's probably gonna take a while, but hang in there.
Yuuji: Thanks...
Narration: *As I slam the van's trunk shut, a slow, cheesy love song comes on the radio. Maybe that's his idea of a joke.*
Narration: *Glancing into his rearview mirror to catch me frowning, Ueda offers a little wave through his window, then drives off with a smirk on his face.*

Narration: *"Oh my god, people! What are you, monkeys!?"*
Narration: *For some reason, I thought I could hear those words echoing in my ears... but in the end, we make love until I'm literally limp with exhaustion.*
Narration: *I'm lying glassy-eyed on the bed, drawing shallow breaths, when Yuuji gently takes me into his arms.*
Narration: *Although I'm pretty heavy for a woman, he picks me right up and carries me over to the bathroom like a princess.*
Narration: *Lowering me into the bathtub (already full of mildly warm water), he squirts out some shampoo into his hand...*
Narration: *...rubs it vigorously into my hair, then rinses it out with water from the shower head.*
Narration: *My body feels like a giant lump of lead; all I can do is sit there passively as the warmth flows over me. As my fatigue slowly melts away, I can't help letting out an incoherent moan of pleasure.*
Amane: ...Bwaaaah...
Narration: *Aaah... tough guys really are the best...*
Narration: *We were at it for hours, but the man doesn't seem tired in the least. He carried me as if I weighed nothing at all... hosed me down like a stray dog he picked up off the street, then sadistically abandoned me with the shower still running.*
Narration: *After a little while, my soaking-wet hair is clinging tightly to my skin, and I find myself feeling a bit lonely.*
Amane: ...Yuuuujiii...
Yuuji: "...What?"
Amane: I'm looonely... get in the tub with meeee...
Yuuji: "Hold on... I'll be there in a minute..."
Amane: Heeey, Yuujiii... aren't you ready yeeet...?
Yuuji: "I said I'll be right there..."
Amane: ...Bwaaaah...
Narration: *While I wriggle around making peculiar sounds in the bathtub...*
Narration: *Yuuji's in the other room, changing the filthy sheets on our bed.*
Narration: *Once that task's complete, he returns to the bathroom, takes a brief shower, and slips into the tiny tub behind me.*
Narration: *A moment later, he's wrapped his arms around me like I'm the most precious thing in the world.*
Narration: *After our marathon sessions, it always ends up like this. We cuddle up lazily, completely worn out. We hum and mumble sweet words to each other.*
Narration: *To be honest, I think it's the part I like best of all.*
Yuuji: ...Well, I'd agree with you on that...
Narration: *As for Yuuji, well, he does enjoy the "vigorous fucking" part...*
Narration: *But he says nothing feels better then gently moving his penis back and forth inside me after hours of lovemaking, when I'm so exhausted that I can't even speak coherently.*
Narration: *I guess you might ask why we don't just make slow, tender love to each other from the very start, then.*
Narration: *But for some reason, that just doesn't really work for us...*
Narration: *We've gotta tire ourselves out fucking like rabbits first, or it's just not as amazing to slow down at the very end, you know? Yuuji said it's sort of similar to a "runner's high"...*
Narration: *The more intense our lovemaking... and the more we exhaust ourselves... the more blissful it feels to relax afterward. I guess?*
Narration: *Just a tip: on really sweltering midsummer days, you can save some time by turning off the air conditioner and having sex until you've sweated right through the bedsheets. It's good stuff, believe me.*
Narration: *Seriously, though... nothing beats staggering into a nice warm bath together after a particularly intense session.*
Narration: *The "afterglow" gets about a million times better when you're sitting around guzzling sports drinks and guffawing at nothing in particular. I guarantee it!*
Narration: *Hmm... I really am a bit of a freak, aren't I...?*
Yuuji: ...The bath in this room's definitely a little cramped for this sort of thing...
Amane: Hmmm? You think? I kinda enjoy squeezing up against you like this, personally...
Amane: When I'm in a bath with my man, or the cockpit of a sports car, "cramped" is exactly what I want...
Amane: Gotta feel those tires gripping the road on a rainy day... and that man-meat pressing up against you...
Yuuji: ...I've got no idea what you're talking about. Also, stop grinding your ass against my crotch.
Amane: ...Eheheh... rub-a-dub-dub...
Yuuji: Seriously, this thing's small. Stop moving around so much...
Amane: Hmm... if you really want more space, we could always head up to the grand bath...
Yuuji: Come on, Amane... Sakaki just ordered us not to have sex in there, remember...?
Amane: Ahaha. Yeah, we probably shouldn't have let her walk in and catch us screwing like that...
Yuuji: It's no laughing matter. The woman was seriously furious...
Narration: *On the fateful night in question, Sakaki-san had gotten rather caught up in her daily routine of browsing for porn. When she glanced up at the clock, she found it was 11 PM.*
Narration: *Intending to take a quick bath and head straight to bed, she hurriedly threw off her clothes and pulled open the door to the communal grand bath...*
Narration: *And, uh... unfortunately, we'd sort of assumed that no one would be coming by that late.*
Narration: *Yes. It was an unfortunate accident, plain and simple. It's not like we wanted her to see that.*
Narration: *Specifically... Yuuji was lying down on a pink air matress, covered in warm lotion...*
Narration: *And I was straddling him like a soapland massage girl, wearing nothing but bubbles...*
Narration: *"*
Narration: *In the face of such a spectacle, even our cool-headed Sakaki-san found herself completely and utterly dumbfounded.*
Narration: *But of course, that was equally true for the two of us. There was no possible excuse for our behavior. Out of sheer desperation, I blurted out the first words that popped into my mind...*
Amane: "...U-Uhm... wanna join us!?"
Yumiko: "...Excuse me!?"
Yuuji: I can't exactly blame her for dropping her bucket in disbelief...
Amane: You don't get it! For all her complaints, Sakaki-san's eyes were locked on our naughty bits! With a little coaxing, we totally could have convinced her to join in a threesome...
Yuuji: That didn't actually happen, though. She just chewed me out furiously.
Amane: Ahaha... yeah, I really am sorry about that...
Yuuji: ...More to the point, what were you intending to do if she said "You're too kind. I think I'll take you up on that offer"?
Amane: Uhhh... well... I guess we could've taken turns having fun with your cock...?
Yuuji: ...Listen, Amane...
Amane: Yeah, I know. I'm being too pushy about this. I mean, you're always telling me "I'm satisfied as long as I've got you in my arms"... I understand that, and it makes me really happy... 
Amane: But I don't think you get it, Yuuji. Women always want to be "special."
Amane: You could always just pull some other girl into your arms, right...? I want you see what makes me different from the others... the things only I can do...
Amane: Like, think about this. What if you strolled up to Sakaki-san and said "Care to try some soft S&M with me?"
Amane: She'd give you a bright smile, tilt her head fifteen degrees, and say "Kill yourself!♪" in her sweetest tone of voice...
Amane: And that's when you come to me! Suou Amane! Right?
Amane: When you run up to me and say "I'm dying for some soft S&M, Amane-san," I'm not gonna miss a beat! I'll wrap my arms around your head, pull your face into my breasts, and whisper sweetly...
Amane: "Aw, geez... what a naughty boy. I'm the only one nice enough to do this for you... but don't ask anyone else, or I'll kick your butt! Tee hee hee."
Amane: How d'you like that!? What a fine woman, ladies and gentlemen! When you ask her for a blowjob, she drops to her knees on the spot! Is there any girlfriend more understanding!? Nope, definitely not! Rhetorical question!
Yuuji: Well, I won't deny you're a fine woman... but your methods are a bit extreme...
Amane: Yeah, I know...
Amane: I know, but I can't help wanting to say this... So I'm sorry to repeat myself, but... I don't think anybody else is gonna do this stuff for you, okay...?
Amane: You can treat me like a toy if you want... I don't mind it if you're mean to me, either. And even if you did cheat on me with some other girl, well...
Amane: I mean, I'd probably get pretty angry... but I wouldn't pitch a fit and break the furniture or anything...
Amane: Here's the thing, though. I really want to be your number one...
Amane: I really want... to be special to you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *And here it is. The usual silence.*
Narration: *It always frightens me. Always.*
Narration: *But in the end―*
Yuuji: ...Yeah... you're my number one, Amane. I don't need anyone else...
Narration: *He murmurs the same comforting words as always.*
Narration: *I feel guilty for forcing them out of him yet again; but at the same time, I'm relieved to hear he needs me. And all of sudden... I'm aching with desire.*
Amane: ...Hey, Yuuji... wanna go one more round...?
Yuuji: Come on, that's a little much... We won't be good for much tomorrow at this rate.
Amane: Well, I don't mind. Tomorrow's a holiday, after all.
Yuuji: Oh, right... so it is...
Amane: Hm? What's up? Feel like taking me somewhere?
Yuuji: ...Well, how about a trip to the zoo? We had to call that one off last time...
Amane: ...Huh? You mean it...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Don't want to leave that "postponed" forever, right? And you've been working so hard lately that I wanted to reward you somehow...
Amane: Uhm... what about your job, though?
Yuuji: I can send in a request to JB first thing tomorrow morning. Should be fine.
Yuuji: Oh, and I'll make sure to tell her not to assign me any emergency jobs that come in. If they try to call me in anyway, tough luck. I'm prioritizing you tomorrow, even if it means making both Japan and America into my enemies...
Amane: Ahaha, now you're just being silly...
Yuuji: I mean, if a whole country can't get by for one day without me around, it probably deserves to collapse...
Yuuji: Well... hold on, though. Maybe I could just send Makina out there to take my place...?
Amane: Come on, that's crazy!
Yuuji: I don't know about that. The kid's really making something of herself these days.
Yuuji: I started teaching her a few tricks just for fun, but at this point, I think she's skilled enough to cover for me on the simpler stuff.
Yuuji: It wouldn't be that different from the first time I took Asako's place in the field, actually...
Amane: Look, Yuuji... I don't know that much about your job or anything... but don't make Makina do anything too dangerous, okay?
Yuuji: Ah, it's no big deal. She'd just carry her "toys" somewhere, then stare at the sky for a while waiting for a "ghost" to show up. Maybe answer a few phone calls.
Amane: What the heck? They give you money for that?
Yuuji: Sometimes, people get paid to make things happen. And sometimes, people get paid to make sure nothing happens.
Amane: I don't really get it...
Yuuji: Well, I was just kidding about Makina. Not like JB would go for that in a million years...
Yuuji: In any case, I'm going to take the whole day off tomorrow. Shall we go to that zoo?
Amane: Yeah! I wanna go!
Yuuji: ...All right... this time, I'll make it happen. I'll bring you to that zoo, no matter what the cost.
Amane: Ahaha... sheesh, there you go again...
Narration: *Well, somebody sure looks determined... I swear, Yuuji gets all serious about the weirdest things sometimes. *
Narration: *Still, when he narrows his eyes like that, he really does look a lot like Kazuki. It makes me feel kinda nostalgic... and a little bit sad, too...*

Date: *June 20, 2012, 07:21 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
JB: "...Whaaat? This is way too sudden. What do you expect me to say?"
Yuuji: I'm just asking you to give me a single day off. It's hardly that unreasonable a request.
JB: "How many times do I have to tell you not to spring these things on me out of nowhere...? If you just applied in advance, a day off or two wouldn't be a problem!"
Yuuji: Wasn't really an option. We only decided on this last night.
JB: "Well... at the moment, there aren't any jobs that we absolutely need you for, and the odds of an emergency are fairly low..."
JB: "But events could always take an unexpected turn, and it's your job to be prepared for anything."
Yuuji: If all you do is feed your dog, you'll get your hand bitten eventually. Let him out for a walk every once in a while.
Yuuji: It's your job to summarize your agents' complaints and send them up the ladder, right?
JB: "...Ugh. Lately, it's like I'm dealing with Asako when I speak to you... What a nasty feeling..."
Yuuji: My field techniques aren't the only skills I learned from my master, you know.
JB: "Manipulating me like this isn't a skill! It's just a dirty trick!"
Yuuji: ...Is that a no?
JB: "I'm telling you, it's just too sudden!"
Yuuji: I promise I won't turn down the next job that comes my way, no matter what it is. 
JB: "...Uuugh..."
Yuuji: Can't make up your mind, Julia? Might as well just go for it, then. Even if you end up regretting your choice, it's better than doing nothing at all.
Yuuji: No reason to die sitting around on your ass if you can charge forward and fire off a few shots at the enemy first. That's what they taught us in the Marines.
JB: "...There you go, talking like Asako again... and by the way, we don't have an 'enemy'! This is Japan, remember?"
Yuuji: Right, right. We call them "hostile actors" around here, don't we...? You've got a weirdly Japanese attitude about this stuff...
JB: "...*Sigh*... Fine, then. I'll put a dummy job on your schedule for today. You can at least answer your phone, right?"
Yuuji: Appreciate it. Sorry for being so unreasonable about this.
JB: "...So, where are you going on this date?"
Yuuji: East Beach Animal Park.
JB: "Hmm? You mean the Palace Zoo?"
Yuuji: Uhh... I'm talking about the place Asako took me when I was a kid.
JB: "Right. It's the East Beach Palace Zoo now. They had a big expansion about three years ago and changed their name."
Yuuji: Well, it's still in the same place, right? That's where we're headed.
JB: "All right. I'll falsify your personal locator data. If anyone from the company calls, just tell them 'all clear' or something."
Yuuji: Sorry for the trouble.
JB: "You owe me one, all right? Don't let it slip your mind!"
Yuuji: You've got my gratitude.
JB: "Have to say, though... heh heh..."
Yuuji: What's so funny?
JB: "Well, I was just remembering the way Asako abruptly demanded a day off when she decided to take you to that zoo."
JB: "The situation's practically identical, and you even used the same arguments she did... For some reason, it put a smile on my face."
Yuuji: ...I see...
JB: "Anyway, go enjoy that date of yours."
Yuuji: Yeah, that's the plan.
JB: "I'm sure you'll handle this just fine, but for the record... make sure to give Amane-chan your full attention."
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *Once we leave Mihama, there's no telling who we might run into.*
Narration: *You never know when a lunatic like Sakashita Keiji might pop into your life.*
Yuuji: ...Don't worry. I'll make sure to keep her safe.
JB: "Look, that's not what I meant. You're her boyfriend, not her bodyguard. Honestly, you can be so awkward about the strangest things..."
Yuuji: Amane tells me a bit of awkwardness can be endearing in a man.
JB: "Honestly, Yuuji... do you know what people call guys like you?"
Yuuji: How would I know?
JB: "Natural playboys."
Yuuji: Hmm... that does sound familiar. Not sure why, but most of the women around me say the exact same thing.
JB: "Oh, good grief... someone's going to fill you with holes one of these days, mister."
Yuuji: Don't be ridiculous. Filling holes is the man's job.
JB: "That's not what I'm talking about, okay!?"
Yuuji: I'm aware. Just a joke.
JB: "Coming from you, it doesn't even sound like one..."
JB: "Well, whatever. If you don't want to get stabbed, try to show Amane-chan a good time today."
Yuuji: Understood. I'll email you further details on our destination and means of transportation. Over.
JB: "...Good luck out there..."
Yuuji: ...Not that it's anything new, but I'm certainly causing that woman some headaches...
Narration: *Murmuring to myself a little too loudly, I push my cell phone into my pocket... Then squat down and pick up a pebble from the ground at my feet.*
Yuuji: ...Nice try, punk.
Narration: *I promptly hurl it at one of the shrubs that lines the courtyard.*
???: Yowie!
Yuuji: Hmm? That strangely sexual voice... Is that you, Sachi?
Sachi: ...Auu... I do apologize. It is I, Komine Sachi... the strangely-sexual maid whose bust has grown two centimeters as of late...
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *At times, having a girlfriend is something of a curse. I can't offer the natural response, which would be "That a fact? Let me take a look. And cop a feel."*
Narration: *...For one thing, I'm dealing with Komine Sachi here. If I act carelessly and say something like that to her, I've got a bad feeling she'd just say "Of course!" and immediately expose herself.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry about that, Sachi. You weren't hiding very well, so I assumed you were Makina.
Narration: *Not that it would be any more justifiable for me to throw a rock at Makina...*
Narration: *But that girl's nimble enough that I doubt she'd actually let me hit her. And if I did, she probably wouldn't even have yelped.*
Sachi: ...I do apologize. I didn't mean to eavesdrop...
Narration: *Well, it's not like I was trying to keep it a secret or anything.*
Narration: *If I was concerned about privacy, I would have chosen a different location to make the phone call.*
Yuuji: ...How much did you overhear?
Sachi: ...I heard you discussing a visit to the zoo, mainly...
Yuuji: Yeah, well... that's how it is. I'm going to the zoo with Amane today. I was just getting permission from JB over the phone.
Sachi: ...Would this be... a date?
Yuuji: I suppose it would. We're planning to look at some elephants. Maybe discuss how gray they are. That sort of thing.
Sachi: I think you should try to expand the conversation beyond the topic of color...
Yuuji: I see. We could discuss how striped the zebras are, right?
Sachi: ...Perhaps it would be best to come up with something other than colors or patterns...
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *On my previous visit to the zoo, Asako dragged me around the place, pointing at the various cages and shouting "How about that!?"*
Narration: *My replies were along the lines of "It's pretty brown," or "It's kind of smelly," or "I bet it'd taste good roasted"... but apparently, I should have put a little more thought into it.*
Narration: *...Now that I think about it, Asako did get fairly cranky at the time.*
Narration: *I should be careful not to repeat the same mistakes with Amane...*
Yuuji: ...Incidentally, Sachi. If you were to see a penguin, what thoughts would you express?
Sachi: A penguin...? Well... let's see...
Sachi: My, if it isn't a penguin.♪
Yuuji: ...That's just stating a fact.
Sachi: Ah... oh... er, in that case...
Sachi: My! I think I'll see that in my dreams tonight.♪
Yuuji: That makes it sound like you're looking at something terrifying.
Sachi: ...I do apologize... it would appear that I'm not exactly qualified to criticize you, Kazami-san...
Yuuji: Don't let it get to you. I was a fool to expect a "normal" answer from one of you people...
Narration: *I don't have much experience going on normal dates with a girl my own age... but maybe I'm a little too focused on the "normal" part of that.*
Narration: *After all, Amane's a Mihama Academy student herself. She's used to things being more than a little weird.*
Narration: *Maybe I can just follow in Asako's footsteps and take Amane to the zoo's bear habitat...*
Narration: *...then shout rude comments at the animals as they're mating... or something. onder if they still sell those little sausages you could feed them with. Seem to remember a certain someone hurling a few of those at the happy couple.*
Narration: *...Then again, it sounds like the zoo's changed pretty dramatically, so who knows if that exhibit's even around anymore...*
Narration: *Meanwhile, in the Mihama Academy dormitory―*
Amane: ...Okay, done with the bacon-wrapped asparagus.
Amane: We've got some deep-fried chicken with ginger sauce...
Amane: Also, sweet, fluffy omelettes stuffed with shrimp and minced fish... And finally, a hearty potato salad with ham, corn, cucumber, carrots, and salmon roe!
Amane: ...Hehehe... Yuuji does love his potato salad, doesn't he? I'll have to bring lots of this with us!
Makina: Nwo? Ya sure seem cheerful this mornin', Ama-nee. Somethin' good happen?
Amane: Oh? Nice timing, Makina! Here, want some fried chicken? Say aaah!
Makina: Aaaah.
Makina: Nm... nom.. omnm... oooh, that's dang good...
Amane: Isn't it, though? I always choose my ingredients carefully, but this time I was really picky about the oil! Managed to cut way down on the trans fats, too! Don't worry, I made some for you as well. Here, why don't you have this for lunch?
Makina: I'm hella grateful, but... we don't have school today, ya know? Are you goin' somewhere?
Amane: Yep, that's right. I've got today off, and so does Yuuji... so he invited me to that zoo we missed out on before.♪
Makina: Ooh! Hey, good fer you!
Amane: And on that note... I probably won't be back until this evening. Think you'll be okay?
Makina: Yep, I'll hold down th' fort! Have fun out there, kid!
Amane: ...Uhm... Actually, do you want to tag along?
Makina: C'mon, even I'm not that friggin' brazen... I mean, why wouldja even suggest that? It's a date! Go spend some quality time with yer man!
Amane: Mm... well... sure, but...
Makina: Good grief. Fer a total slut, ya sure are wimpy about this stuff. Try havin' a little self-confidence, why don't ya? Here, say aaah.
Amane: A-Aaaah...
Makina: There ya go. Pretty dang tasty, right?
Amane: Y-Yeah, it's good...
Makina: Look, Ama-nee... I'm sure you've been through some rough times, and maybe a snot-nosed punk like me ain't the best person to be givin' you a pep-talk.
Makina: But ya know what? Onii-chan knows you're a big ol' scaredy-slut, an' he still loves you. So what's th' friggin' problem, girl?
Makina: Don't spend too much time wafflin' around, or he's gonna get sick of your crap. If ya love him, then ya love him! Just go for it!
Amane: Hmm... is it really that simple, though...?
Makina: Okay then. Why don't ya think it over durin' yer date today?
Amane: Think... what over?
Makina: You can start by thinkin' about what you need to think about. And keep in mind, "nothing at all" is a perfec'ly valid answer!
Amane: ......
Makina: What the heck are you starin' at my face like that for? You tryin' to drill a hole in it or what? I've already got plenty, punk!
Amane: Uh, I was just thinking that you've been saying some surprisingly deep stuff lately... Guess it must have been my imagination...
Yuuji: Hey there, Amane. I've got permission to take the day off. How are the preparations going?
Amane: Uh, right... I finished packing our lunch, so we're good to go.
Yuuji: All right then. Let's depart at zero-eight-thirty hours.
Makina: ...So that's th' story, folks.
Makina: Ta be honest with ya, I'm pretty concerned...
Sachi: ...It seems we're more of a burden on Amane-san's mind than we knew...
Michiru: Uh, maybe you guys should try NOT making stupid jokes about stealing her boyfriend? I think that's a big part of the reason she's so timid about this.
Makina: Err, well... yeah, I do feel bad about all that.
Makina: It just ain't that easy to put our feelings behind us, ya know...? We're still rootin' for them, of course...
Yumiko: We've discussed this to death already, haven't we?
Yumiko: Suou-san and Kazami-san may be formally dating now, but it's not like you've lost your connection to either of them. We just need to stop overthinking this and treat them the same as before.
Michiru: I mean, I understand that in theory, sure...
Michiru: But when I pass Yuuji in the hallway or whatever, the thought "Oh! That's Amane's man!" just pops into my head... and I end up sorta keeping my distance, you know...?
Sachi: ...Oh. Might this be the reason I discovered you wedged between two vending machines in the hallway the other day...?
Michiru: That's right! I saw Yuuji walking my way, and I was worried he might get closer and say something to me!
Michiru: I jumped into the first hiding place I saw and got stuck in there! So sue me!!
Michiru: And by the way, Sachi... you just stood there with your mop, staring at me curiously! Couldn't you see I was in trouble!? Why the heck did you take so long to help, huh!?
Sachi: Er... well... I assumed you were playing a peculiar game...
Michiru: What kind of a "game" would that be!?
Yumiko: ...Either way, Matsushima-san, surely there's no reason to get that flustered about passing him in the hallway.
Makina: Welp, Chiruchiru's a surprisin'ly possessive lady, ya know? If she spotted HER boyfriend flirtin' with some other girl in the hall, she'd probably tie herself to th' top rope and rappel down there like a commando!
Michiru: From where!? There's no "top rope" in the hallway!!
Yumiko: ...But if there was one, you'd use it...?
Makina: Anyway, Yumi-chan, I dunno if yer one to talk. It ain't like yer indifferent to Onii-chan's charms, are ya?
Yumiko: W-When have I ever done anything to give you that impression!?
Makina: Woh? Ya really wanna be askin' that? Used to be ya only shaved yer armpits in the summer. But lately, it's turned into a year-round thing...
Yumiko: Wha...!?
Makina: Betcha I know what that's about. It'd be hella depressing if Onii-chan saw yer pits an' went "What are you, an old lady? It's like a jungle in there," right?
Yumiko: ...Th-That's n...!
Yumiko: ...I've always groomed myself year-round, thank you very much! And my armpit hair isn't that thick in the first place!!
Sachi: Don't let it get to you, Sakaki-san... Such efforts aren't exactly glamorous, but everyone makes them. It's a matter of etiquette, really. Nothing to be ashamed of.
Yumiko: R-Right! That's it! It's just a matter of etiquette! I-It's not like I'm particularly concerned with what he thinks of me!
Makina: Hokay then. So tell me, why do ya always brush yer hair around so much when yer talkin' with him? Is that a matter of etiquette, too?
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Michiru: Ooh, I sorta know what you're talking about! A lot of girls reflexively brush their hair around when they're talking to a guy they're interested in, right?
Michiru: I think one of Amane's magazines said it's an unconscious attempt to seduce him with the smell of your shampoo!
Yumiko: ...Guh...!
Sachi: Oh my. "Guh," she says... Perhaps we've hit the nail on the head...?
Yumiko: It's not like... I had any such intentions... I just... uu...
Makina: Aw, c'mon, don't get all teary-eyed over a little teasin'... you'd think we were bullyin' you or something!
Yumiko: But... I really wasn't...
Makina: Fine, fine. I won't point out that it's kinda worse if you don't even realize yer doin' it, okay? Stop cryin' already...
Michiru: So, uh... why exactly did you call us here, again?
Sachi: Well, it's nothing too important... I merely wanted to discuss Amane-san and Kazami-san's impending date at the zoo... Is anyone else rather concerned about how it will unfold?
Makina: You bet yer ass I am!
Michiru: Of course I'm not "concerned"! And you shouldn't be either! Right, Yumiko!?
Yumiko: ...Huh? Uh... err... sure. We ought to mind our own business...
Makina: Hmph... sounds like yer tryin' to talk yourself into believin' that, but I won't press th' issue. Don't want you burstin' into tears on me again...
Makina: Okay then, Sacchan! Guess we'll head over there by ourselves!
Sachi: All right. Sounds like a plan, Maki-chan.
Michiru: Huh? Gah! Hey, where d'you think you're going!? Are you seriously going to follow them!? Hold on a second!
Yumiko: Ah... wait! If we just let them be... Come on! Are you even listening to me!?
Yumiko: ...Oh, good grief...
Date: *June 20, 2012, 10:08 - Kanagawa Prefecture - Palace Zoo*
Narration: *―With Amane behind the wheel of the school's mini-truck, we reach our destination after a bit more than an hour. Fortunately, I haven't gotten any calls from the "company" or noticed any suspicious vehicles so far.*
Narration: *Just to be on the safe side, we took a few aimless detours through narrow residential streets...*
Narration: *And at one point, I asked Amane to make a U-turn so I could "use the restroom" in a convenience store we'd just passed by. But I didn't see anything that led me to suspect an alternating, multi-car tail.*
Narration: *The sky above is brilliantly clear, without a helicopter in sight. Perfect weather for a date.*
Narration: *―To be honest, I've got plenty of experience spending time with women.*
Narration: *But with very few exceptions, I was doing so as an extension of my job. I did spend some time playing with a girl at my neighborhood park when I was a kid, but apart from that... it hasn't been a part of my private life until now.*
Amane: Aah. This kinda brings me back, you know? I think the last time I visited a zoo was for a field trip in grade school...
Yuuji: ...Yeah. I haven't been to one since my master dragged me out here as a kid...
Yuuji: Hm? Wait, no... I guess I visited the National Zoo in Washington a while ago, when the company had me looking after this nine-year-old girl...
Amane: What the heck? Are you a babysitter, on top of everything else?
Yuuji: Well, sure... if someone requests it, I'll do pretty much anything. Cleaning, babysitting, whatever...
Narration: *On that specific occasion, I think I'd been assigned to protect the family of a witness as part of the plea bargain he'd reached with the government...*
Amane: I guess this was back when you were attending school in America?
Yuuji: That's right.
Amane: And that's the last time you visited a zoo...?
Yuuji: Yeah, I guess it would be.
Amane: The last time you played in the sea was on your way to a school training camp... and the last time you went to a movie theater was a school event too, right?
Yuuji: That's right... it was an extracurricular "lesson" of sorts. As I recall, our instructors took everyone to see a children's cartoon movie...
Amane: ...I'm finding it kinda hard to imagine what your childhood was like...
Yuuji: Well, it had its moments...
Amane: ...Uh, sorry... maybe I shouldn't have asked...?
Yuuji: It's fine. Don't worry about it.
Narration: *I did lose my family when I was very young, and I ended up living a pretty strange life as a result. But at the very least, I had Asako and JB.*
Narration: *Asako was an undeniably awkward "parent," but she did her damnedest to raise me into a man...*
Narration: *And then there was JB, who used to lovingly (?) mutter "What a brat!" every time she saw my face.*
Narration: *Not that I can blame her, really. I wasn't exactly a little ray of sunshine.*
Narration: *I remember one year, on my birthday, when JB asked me what I "wanted most" for a present.*
Narration: *For some reason, the condescending way she was smiling down at me kind of ticked me off... So without missing a beat, I replied "my freedom!" just to make her jaw drop.*
Narration: *Have to admit, I could be pretty obnoxious when I wanted to be.*
Yuuji: ...Heh...
Amane: Hm? What's up? Remembering something funny?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right. Like I said, my childhood definitely had its moments...
Amane: What were you thinking about?
Yuuji: Well... all sorts of things.
Yuuji: Anyway, enough about me. What were you like as a kid, Amane?
Amane: ...Not sure what to say, really... I think I was a pretty normal girl. Just the ordinary daughter of a couple who owned a restaurant.
Amane: My parents started work early and stayed late, so I think they didn't have that much time to spend spoiling me...
Amane: Oh, but when the restaurant wasn't open, they did take me places. We used to visit the amusement park all the time, actually.
Amane: Ahaha... of course, I used to spend most of my time there on the bumper cars or the go-karts... Even back then, I always wanted to be in something with tires and a wheel, you know...?
Amane: According to my dad, I've loved cars ever since I was a baby.
Amane: When they're little, babies tend to cry in the middle of the night for no real reason, you know? Like, really loudly.
Amane: It sounds like I had a particularly good set of pipes, and the sleep deprivation was starting to make my mom super cranky...
Amane: So when I really got going, my dad would take me out of the house and walk around for a while.
Amane: One night, I just wouldn't stop bawling, and Dad was kind of at the end of his rope... so he carried me over to the mini-truck he used for work and started driving around aimlessly.
Amane: And for some strange reason, I stopped crying pretty much instantly!
Amane: So, uh, after that Dad would take me out to the truck every single time I started crying at night. Apparently, it worked like a charm.
Yuuji: A car-loving baby...? That's peculiar, all right.
Amane: Ahah. Honestly, I never really thought of myself as "weird." But when I flip through the family albums, I'm holding a wheel in most of the photos...
Amane: And it was always my dad who took those snapshots, so I don't have many pictures with him.
Amane: Oh, but I do have a photo of Dad from when he was young. Here, take a look...
Narration: *Taking out her diary, Amane retrieves a photograph from between two of its pages. It depicts a menacing young man with a pompadour standing with his arms folded in front of a red sports car.*
Amane: What do you think? Pretty cool, right?
Yuuji: ...Well... I'm not sure "cool" is the word I'd use, but that's one hell of a pompadour he's got there. Didn't know your dad was a juvenile delinquent...
Amane: Uh, no, no. Not Dad, the car behind him! Isn't it awesome!? That's a Kenmeri!
Amane: ...I mean, it's just a GT-X he dressed up with a rear spoiler and over-fenders to make it look like an R-series... but still...
Yuuji: ...This is all Greek to me, you know.
Narration: *Wonder if Amane inherited her interest in old cars from her father...?*
Amane: When I was a kid, Dad and I would sometimes drive to the morning market in this car instead of our mini-truck...
Amane: The engine was really noisy, the interior reeked of gasoline, and it rode so low he had to drive around manhole covers...
Amane: The thing was so beaten up that the trunk used to pop open on its own when he rounded a corner too fast. Still, I really loved that pile of junk, you know...?
Amane: Dad made me swear I wouldn't tell Mom about this, but...
Amane: Every once in a while, he'd put me on his lap while he was driving, and let me hold the wheel or change the gears!
Amane: For some reason, it had "reverse" where normal cars put the low gears, you know?
Amane: Second and third were on a straight line, so you could switch back and forth really easily on steep mountain roads. It was such a fun car...
Yuuji: You're using the past tense. Does your dad not drive it anymore?
Amane: Yep. We still had it back when I was in grade school, but one day I came home and realized it was gone...
Amane: When I asked Dad what happened, he told me he sold it because the maintenance costs were too high! Isn't that awful? He didn't even talk it over with me first!
Yuuji: ...Uh, it was his car, right...?
Amane: Anyway, Dad said he was gonna buy a light, small hatchback to replace it... but then brought a KP61 home, of all things. He really is kind of a moron that way...
Yuuji: ...Not sure I completely follow, but... sounds like you love your Dad as much as you love cars.
Amane: Uh... yeah... guess I am a bit of a daddy's girl...
Amane: ...How did we get on this topic, anyway? Who comes to the zoo and talks about cars instead of looking at the animals? Sheesh...
Yuuji: What's wrong? Embarrassed I found out how much you love your dad?
Amane: Ah! I know, Yuuji! Let's go see the hippos!
Yuuji: Why the hippos?
Amane: Oh, I dunno. Cause they're close...?
Amane: Also, looking at hippos kinda reminds me of the HSV series, you know? But maybe that's just me.
Yuuji: What are you even talking about...?
Michiru: ...Okay guys, seriously... we took a train out here just to follow these two, but it really looks like they're just having a normal date...
Sachi: ...It would appear so... Amane-san certainly seems to be in unusually high spirits... 
Yumiko: ...I told you so. There's no need for us to worry about them...
Makina: Okay, but this is Ama-nee we're talkin' about, ya know? Too much happiness ac'shully stresses her out after a while. She might snap an' start screwin' his brains out in front of the lion cages...
Michiru: I really, really doubt that... It's broad daylight, and there's tons of people around.
Makina: Ya never know. That slutty brain of hers might decide that the shame an' hyoo-milly-ashun would make th' fuckin' feel even better...
Yumiko: ...I don't think I've ever heard of compulsive self-harm taking such an obscene form...
Makina: All I'm sayin' is... ya never know. 
Makina: The other day, I saw Ama-nee burst into tears just lookin' at a snail on the leaf of a flower. It's impossible ta tell what's gonna set her off, ya know...?
Sachi: ...Amane-san is something of a stoic type, so it can be difficult to tell when her mood's abruptly changed. Perhaps it's too early to draw any conclusions...
Makina: Th' problem with Ama-nee is, she always looks "normal" at a glance...
Makina: ...Wha... ah, crap!
Michiru: Hm? What? Something wrong?
Makina: ...I just met eyes with Onii-chan in th' reflection on that shop window... I think he knows we're tailin' him...
Yumiko: ...Oh, really now... it was probably just a visual illusion of some sort...
Makina: Yer so friggin' naive, Yumi-chan... it might look like the dude's just enjoyin' his date, but he ain't lettin' down his guard for a second...
Michiru: Ah... they're heading over to the giraffes, guys. What now? Should we keep following them?
Sachi: ...What shall we do? If they're already aware of our presence, we could just walk over and casually greet them...
Makina: Hrrrm... But I don't really wanna interfere with their date, ya know...?
Yumiko: ...Then maybe you shouldn't have tailed them in the first place...
Michiru: Okay, look... the lecturing might be more effective if you hadn't tagged along with us.
Yumiko: ...Uh... well... I...
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama, please show a little empathy.
Sachi: Although Sakaki-san pretends to be a noble unicorn with no interest in us lowly horses, at heart she's simply a lonely girl who hates to be left out...
Yumiko: ...Look here, Komine-san...
Makina: Welp, anyway... let's just keep an eye on 'em fer now.
Date: *June 20, 2012 12:37 - Kanagawa Prefecture - Palace Zoo*
Narration: *―We're being followed.*
Narration: *And our "tails" happen to be remarkably incompetent. It didn't take long for me to notice them.*
Narration: *Under the circumstances, I had a pretty decent idea of who might be following Amane and me around...*
Narration: *So when I used a reflective shop window to get a look at our pursuers, I wasn't exactly surprised to see the familiar faces of our Mihama Academy classmates.*
Yuuji: ...Good grief... those people have too much time on their hands...
Amane: Hm? What? Did you say something?
Yuuji: Don't mind me. Just talking to myself.
Amane: Oh. Well, let me know if you don't like the food, okay?
Yuuji: It's delicious, as always. Your skills continue to impress.
Amane: Hehehe... thanks...
Narration: *Our classmates worry too much, they're not good at minding their own business, and they get lonely far too easily.*
Narration: *But apparently, they don't intend to actively interfere with our date.*
Narration: *We've settled down on a nice grassy spot to eat our lunch, but there's no sign of them trying to join us. They're just watching from the shadows.*
Amane: ...Hamf... nom... nom...
Narration: *Seemingly unaware of our friends' presence, Amane reaches into her lunchbox, retrieves a riceball, and takes a big bite. There's an expression of sheer bliss on her face.*
Narration: *With the chopsticks in her left hand, she grabs herself pieces of fried chicken; with her right hand, she carries riceballs to her mouth.*
Narration: *After stuffing her cheeks with food like a squirrel preparing to hibernate, she chews away merrily. Every once in a while, she pauses to slurp at the vegetable soup in her thermos.*
Narration: *It's obvious how much she's enjoying every bite of her meal.*
Amane: ...Nom? What's up?
Yuuji: Oh, nothing... just impressed by your gusto...
Amane: Huh? Really? Well, I do love to eat...
Narration: *In this instant, I'm pretty sure Amane's not thinking about anything except that food.*
Narration: *She's forgotten all about her troubles and the pain she's experienced. The only thing on her mind is the meal in front of her.*
Narration: *When she's eating food or making love to me, I think the past temporarily loosens its grip on Amane.*
Narration: *I've never been one to pay too much attention to the quality of my food, and I'm not much of a big eater in general... but seeing Amane like this both relaxes me and stimulates my appetite.*
Narration: *Might be one of the reasons I've grown so dependent on her presence in my life.*
Narration: *Once she's emptied her lunchbox entirely, Amane slaps her hands together happily in front of her chest.*
Amane: Aah... maybe I shouldn't be singing my own praises, but that really hit the spot!♪
Yuuji: Well, we've had lunch now. What next?
Amane: We've seen the lions, elephants, and giraffes... and the polar bears and penguins. Maybe it's time for the monkeys?
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *Opening the pamphlet they gave us at the entrance, I check the little map inside.*
Yuuji: Looks like the Monkey Mountain is on the east side of the zoo. Area E-3. We should be able to see Hanako, their gorilla... and a monkey magic show starring Monkichi the chimpanzee and his trainer, Miss Sumire.
Amane: Ooh, that sounds great! Let's take a video with our phones and show it to Makina later!
Yuuji: ...Sure, why not?
Narration: *Of course, she'll probably be following along once we start moving...*
Amane: Hm? Oh, wait. The show doesn't start until three this afternoon, does it?
Yuuji: Hrm... seems you're right.
Amane: No point hurrying over right away, then. Why don't we rest up a little first?
Yuuji: Sounds good to me.
Amane: Hehehe... c'mere, Yuuji. Let's do the lap pillow thing!
Yuuji: ...It's bad manners to lie down right after a meal, you know...
Amane: Lap pillow! Laaap piiiilloooow!!
Narration: *...An invitation from a woman's a lot like a matter of national security. You don't really have the right to refuse.*
Amane: ...How do you like that? Feels good, right?
Yuuji: Yeah... you make a nice, squishy pillow...
Amane: Uh, squishy...?
Yuuji: You've gotten a little more meat on your bones lately, haven't you?
Amane: ...Geh... Y-You think? My weight hasn't really changed...
Yuuji: Don't worry about it. I kind of like things this way...
Amane: ...Okay, could you not pinch my belly flab while you're saying that...?
Yuuji: You're my woman. That means your belly's mine, too. I can pinch it if I want to.
Amane: G-Guhhh... this is kinda humiliating...
Yuuji: Listen, I'm saying I like you this way. Don't go trying to lose any weight, all right? I won't be happy if those magnificent breasts shrivel up...
Amane: ...So it's all about the boobs, huh...?
Yuuji: That's just how men are, my dear...
Amane: Heheh... don't have to sound so proud of yourself...
Michiru: ...Uhh... those two are getting awfully comfy all of a sudden...
Makina: A pap willow, eh...? Not bad, Ama-nee...
Sachi: You mean "lap pillow," Maki-chan...
Makina: Grr... that's a privilege reserved for th' most pleasantly plump of ladies... I'm hella enbee-us...
Sachi: You mean "envious," Maki-chan...
Yumiko: ...How much longer are we going to keep following them around, anyway? Surely we've seen enough... I'm getting hungry...
Makina: What th' heck? I gave ya some of my lunch, didn't I...?
Michiru: Look, of course one tiny lunch box wasn't enough for four people...
Sachi: I noticed a shish-kebab shop next to the sheep pen... Shall we go purchase some?
Michiru: Shish-ka-bob...? What?
Sachi: It's "kebab." They chop cattle, birds, or sheep into tiny pieces, stick their flesh onto skewers, and then roast them over a roaring fire...
Michiru: Aaaagh! Do you have to make that sound so nasty!? Please don't tell me they make them out of the sheep from that exhibit!
Yumiko: Shhhh! Quiet! You're talking too loudly! They're going to notice us!
Makina: Fer all yer complaints, ya seem really into this, Yumi-chan...
Michiru: Uwah... raising my voice like that just made me feel even hungrier...
Sachi: Would you care for a kebab...?
Michiru: Enough with that!!
Sachi: ...Ah, the zoo... a place that encourages its young visitors to dream, but also teaches them how cruel reality can be...
Sachi: And once they've learned the sobering truth behind the words "survival of the fittest," the children return home with a newfound sense of maturity in their heart...
Yumiko: ...Sounds like a zoo designed to traumatize weak-willed children...
Makina: This place is owned by yer family's company, ya know...
Yumiko: ...Uguh...
Makina: "Uguh" yerself, lady.
Michiru: Aaah... man, it's so hot... I wanna eat some nice cold Chinese food...
Amane: ...Hm? What was that sound...?
Amane: Wonder if it was one of the animals or something... What do you think, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: ......
Amane: ...Yuuji? Did you fall asleep...? Heey, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ......
Amane: Oh geez. He really did nod off...?
Amane: Hehe... pretty unusual for him to fall asleep with this many people around...
Narration: *Yuuji's about as wary as a wild animal, so he doesn't tend to doze off in public spaces.*
Narration: *He's also a really light sleeper in general, and his eyes usually pop open the instant I say something to him. I don't get many chances to see him conked out like this.*
Narration: *Even on the nights when he seems to be sleeping soundly at first, he'll often start tossing around and wake up covered in sweat.*
Narration: *I'm willing to bet it's got something to do with his past... the same way it did for me, back when I had the same problem.*
Narration: *But right now, he's sleeping quietly on my lap with a completely peaceful expression on his face. I guess he's really come to trust me. It makes me a little happy to know that.*
Amane: ...Heheh... they really are siblings, huh...? He looks a lot like Kazuki when he's sleeping...
Narration: *I'm not sure when this was exactly, but Michiru once asked me when I fell in love with Yuuji...*
Narration: *At the time, I wasn't really sure myself... so I told her it just "snuck up on me." But by now, I think I know the real answer.*
Narration: *I wasn't really that crazy about Yuuji at first, but I think it's fair to say he was on my mind from the moment we met.*
Narration: *First of all, there was his appearance.*
Narration: *That sleepy, almost dopey gaze... the listless way he narrowed his eyes in annoyance... it was all very familiar to me.*
Narration: *Specifically, it reminded me of Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *I was genuinely shocked the first time I laid eyes on Yuuji.*
Narration: *I'd been combing Makina's hair at the time, unfortunately... And in my surprise, I ended up yanking the brush way too hard, causing the poor girl more than a little discomfort.*
Amane: ...Hmmm... you know, his hair even feels like Kazuki's when I stroke it...
Narration: *Come to think of it, I did this same thing with her a few times, didn't I...?*
Narration: *Kazuki had a habit of taking a nap at the exact same time every afternoon.*
Narration: *According to her, her brain needed its "daily downtime" to recharge itself...*
Narration: *But she used to nod off while sitting or even standing up, and it absolutely drove me crazy. For lack of a better solution, I ended up offering her the use of my lap.*
Narration: *Unlike her brother, Kazuki slept so soundly I'd almost think she was dead... But sometimes she'd drool on my knees, or sleepily shove a hand up my skirt.*
Narration: *That was weird enough, of course, but every once in a while she'd even hook her fingers around my underwear and try to pull it off... So I remember wondering if she was unconsciously seeking a little, uh... "intimacy"...*
Narration: *When I asked Kazuki about it, she just told me "I'm the type of girl who feels more at ease with a hand under her pillow"... which sort of made sense, but didn't quite seem that relevant to the issue at hand.*
Amane: ...Kazuki... really was cute, though...
Narration: *...Uh, wait, wait. That came out a little wrong. Just for the record, I'm no lesbian.*
Narration: *I really don't want anyone getting the wrong idea. It's not like I turned to Yuuji as an outlet for my feelings toward Kazuki.*
Narration: *I didn't fall for him just because he looks like his sister, you know?*
Narration: *I mean... well... sure, I guess it was the initial reason I developed an interest in him. But it's not like that's enough of a reason to actually "love" someone.*
Amane: ...Huh? Wait. In that case... when DID I fall in love with him...?
Narration: *Okay, let's start over from the very beginning.*
Narration: *What was it about Yuuji that I fell for, anyway...?*
Narration: *Uhm... I guess his appearance was part of it, sure.*
Narration: *And then there's his ultra-tsundere personality... He comes off as cold, but he's actually really kind...*
Narration: *Us girls eat that stuff up, you know...? When a guy who's usually kinda mean suddenly treats you really nice, your heart just naturally skips a beat... I know it's silly, but I can't help falling for it... Talk about simple-minded.*
Narration: *Still... is that really all there is to it, Suou Amane...?*
Narration: *That's right. There's one more thing I love about Kazami Yuuji... and it's probably the most crucial of all.*
Narration: *Namely, the fact that he's a complete sadist.*
Narration: *Ah, yes... sadism. There's nothing else that tickles my heart in such simple, primitive ways...*
Narration: *When was it, again...? One day, I tried to sneak up on Yuuji from behind and surprise him...*
Narration: *But just as I got within a meter, he turned around so suddenly it felt like he'd known all along... and his face looked so much like Kazuki's that my heart nearly stopped beating.*
Narration: *As I stood there dumbfounded, Yuuji proceeded to grab my head iron-claw style and say "What do you think you're doing, woman?"*
Narration: *"Waaah! Hold on! That hurts!"*
Narration: *"Is this guy for real!? He's squeezing my poor little head as hard as he can!"*
Narration: *"Oh no... this man's gotta be a total sadist!"*
Narration: *―And thus, even as this sadistic "male Kazuki" roughly gripped my head, I soiled my panties slightly.*
Amane: ...Oh crap... just remembering this is getting me a bit wet...
Narration: *―Lots of stuff happened after that, of course. My feelings grew little by little... and before I knew it, I realized that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with him.*
Narration: *At some point, it occured to me that I'd lose my connection to Yuuji once I graduated from Mihama...*
Narration: *And for some reason, the thought of never making him another meal actually made me tear up a little.*
Narration: *I told myself I just wanted to be "convenient" for him... and I thought that was all I needed. But all of a sudden, I couldn't even bear the idea of being parted from him.*
Amane: ...What a nice breeze...
Amane: It's weird... time really flies when you're doing nothing at all...
Sachi: ...Kazami-san... appears to have fallen asleep...
Michiru: ...You know, I think this might be the first time I've seen Yuuji sleeping...
Sachi: Now that you mention it... that's true for me as well...
Yumiko: ...Well, Kazami-kun grew up under rather unusual circumstances... I imagine he isn't especially comfortable letting people see him in a defenseless state...
Michiru: But... he's totally defenseless right now, right...?
Yumiko: It just goes to show how deeply he trusts Suou-san... or how safe he feels around her...
Sachi: Indeed... I doubt Kazami-san could sleep so peacefully on the lap of any other woman...
Sachi: And look at Amane-san's expression as she gazes down at him. Sheer tranquility...
Sachi: ...But despite her serene smile, there's a hint of melancholy in the furrow of her brow. This is the man she wishes to live the rest of her life for... and she knows there can be no one else...
Michiru: ...Hrm... yeah, uh... it almost feels like we're looking at something "holy," doesn't it...?
Sachi: ...I'm deeply ashamed...
Michiru: Ashamed...? Of what?
Sachi: Up until now, we've blamed our defeat on her oversized bosom... or her aggressively sexual sales tactics... Perhaps we even told ourselves that he simply wasn't too fond of maids...
Sachi: Or worse still, that men always go for big-breasted, dim-witted bimbos... Bitter as they might sound, these thoughts have lingered in the corners of our minds.
Sachi: But just look at those two, everyone...
Sachi: At the very least... as I am now, I couldn't possibly take Amane-san's place in that tableau...
Michiru: Look... I know what you're saying, okay...? Yuuji picked Amane because she's Amane...
Sachi: ...I must apologize... I don't quite understand what you're trying to say, Michiru-sama...
Michiru: Why not!? Can't you figure it out!? Pick up on the nuance or whatever!
Yumiko: ...Hey! Stop thrashing around! You're hitting my butt with your knee!
Michiru: Ah... sorry... uh, wait. Your skirt's riding up, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Whaaat!?!
Michiru: Don't be so loud! They're going to notice us! C'mere, I'll fix it for you!!
Yumiko: ...Oh, for crying out loud... why me...?
Sachi: ...A pale blue, eh...?
Yumiko: Keep your eyes to yourself!!
Michiru: Seriously, inside voices!
Yumiko: Ugh... I'm feeling rather exhausted all of a sudden... and honestly, it doesn't look like those two will be moving any time soon... Why don't we just call it a day?
Michiru: Hmm... yeah... I think I'm good... They seem happy and all...
Sachi: ...I do agree... in many ways, I'm glad I had the opportunity to see them like this...
Michiru: ...Let's head home, then...
Makina: ...*Sob*...
Sachi: ...Maki-chan?
Makina: ...Heh...? Aweh? What's up...?
Michiru: Oh geez, Makina... are you crying?
Makina: I'm not cryin'.
Michiru: Uh, then why are tears rolling down your cheeks? What the heck happened!?
Makina: ...Huh? Ah... yer right... why am I cryin' alluva sudden? Heeheheh... that's weird...
Yumiko: ...Irisu-san... did you feel that strongly about Kazami-kun...?
Makina: Nah, it ain't that. It's just... well... I dunno.
Makina: When I saw them like that... I thought... "yeah, this is how it's s'pposed ta be..."
Makina: That's all it was, but... my chest started hurtin' a little... an' I started feelin' kinda lonely...
Makina: ...I don't get it. I really am happy about this... but before I knew it, this weird fluid was leakin' outta my eyes... Ahaha...
Sachi: ...Maki-chan...
Sachi: I'm sorry, Sakaki-san... would you mind lending Maki-chan your jacket...? I'm wearing a maid uniform, so...
Yumiko: ...Ah... yes... that's fine. Here you are...
Sachi: Thank you very much...
Sachi: Here, Maki-chan... 
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait, aren't you gonna put that jacket on her? Why would you bunch it up and hold it to her face...?
Sachi: ...Now then, cry your heart out!
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Makina: ...Bwaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Yumiko: Huh!? Wait... you're just using it to muffle her sobs!?
Makina: Hweeh... hweeeeeeh! Hwwaaaaaaah!!
Sachi: ...Go on, Maki-chan. Let it all out... The more you cry now, the more you'll smile tomorrow.
Yumiko: Stop trying to wrap this up neatly! M-My jacket...!!
Makina: Bpppfffff!!!
Yumiko: Don't blow your nose on iiiiit!!!
Yuuji: ...Hm...?
Amane: Ah, Yuuji... did you wake up?
Yuuji: ...Thought I heard some weird animal cry from somewhere or other... What the heck was that?
Amane: Hmm, good question. I've been hearing a bunch of odd sounds for a while now, actually...
Yuuji: Well, I guess we are in a zoo...
Yuuji: Anyway, how long was I asleep...?
Amane: Hm... about 10 minutes, maybe?
Yuuji: Ah...
Amane: Did you get enough rest?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm feeling a lot better... You make a fine lap pillow, Amane.
Amane: Hehe...
Yuuji: What's so funny?
Amane: Kazuki said the same thing to me once, a long time ago...
Yuuji: I see...
Amane: Want to go see those monkeys?
Yuuji: Sure... let's do that...
Amane: ...Upsy-daisy... huh?
Yuuji: Hm? Something wrong?
Amane: Uh, nope. Nothing at all. Really.
Yuuji: ...You're not very good at lying, Amane... Your legs are numb, aren't they?
Amane: Th-That's not true at all! I've never had a problem sitting on my legs or anything, you know!?
Yuuji: ...Hoh...
Amane: ...Yowwwie!! Hey...!
Yuuji: What's wrong? That was just a light kick. Nothing to worry about, given that your legs aren't numb. Here...
Amane: Ohoh!!
Yuuji: ...What's all this, then? Why'd you fall down? Here, I'll help you up...
Amane: Uhyaaah! W-Wait! I'm fine! I can get up on my own! Stay back!!
Yuuji: ...Don't say such sad things... I only want to help you, Amane...
Yuuji: ...Whoops...
Amane: Bumoooo!!!!
Yuuji: Sorry about that, Amane. Tripped over my own feet.
Amane: You did that on purpose, right!? You totally did that on purpose!
Yuuji: Of course I did. Here, have another for the road...
Amane: Hyaaaah! S-Shtooop! Don't kick me thereeee! Nhoooooh!
Yuuji: ...Hrm... you're trembling like a newborn fawn, my dear...
Amane: Stooop it! Geez! You're such a sadist, Yuuji! Is it really that fun to torment me!?
Yuuji: ...Hmph... do you really want to know? Well, this is my answer...
Amane: ...Hyeaah! Nheh!! I'm comiiiing!♪
Narration: *...Aah... he's such a sadist...*
Narration: *I can't get enough of that sleepy, disinterested gaze... it's like he's looking at a piece of trash...*
Yuuji: ...Amane, my friend... you truly are a hopeless masochist...
Amane: Hyuuun!!
Narration: *Ooh... crap... I'm so turned on, I think I might piss myself...*
Narration: *What if I make a mess right here...? Yuuji would get angry, right? He'd be disgusted with me, right? He'd glare coldly down at me, right!?*
Narration: *―Uh, well, that said... at the moment, I'm not quite ready to start doing stuff like that in public.*
Narration: *In the end, we enjoyed a pleasant and conventional ending to our date, then returned safely to the Mihama Academy dormitory.*
Narration: *Gotta know when to delay your gratification, right?*

Date: *June 23, 2012, 07:31 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Narration: *―Maybe they wanted to interfere. Maybe they were just curious. Maybe they were simply feeling lonely.*
Narration: *The exact reasons are beyond my knowledge, but...*
Narration: *Whatever the case, our classmates spent the better part of yesterday morning furtively following Amane and I on our date. However, they disappeared suddenly in the afternoon. Hard to say if they achieved their objective or simply got bored.*
Narration: *I'd been half-expecting some trouble from that bunch, so I can't deny it felt like a bit of an anti-climax.*
Narration: *The question is: what caused them to abruptly withdraw...?*
Narration: *Obviously, the only way to know for sure is to question them directly.*
Narration: *I know there's not much point thinking endlessly about a problem I can't solve on my own, but when there's nothing else to do, my mind tends to get stuck in these ruts.*
Narration: *Fortunately, this excrutiatingly boring wait should end in about five minutes. I glance down at my watch to check the time... And in that very instant, the chubby little chipmunk at the heart of the matter makes a noisy, wheezing entrance.*
Makina: ...Hyeah! Dwah! Weh!! Jowah! Haa... haa... haa...
Yuuji: ...You know, the way you groan reminds me of some "ultra"-hero fighting a monster...
Makina: S-Seven...? What th' heck!?!
Yuuji: You don't have to get specific with the name...
Makina: Haa... haaa... wh-what's my time!?
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *At this query, I look down at the sprint timer on my wristwatch.*
Yuuji: ...12 minutes, 42 seconds. That's nearly 40 seconds better than yesterday... and you finally got under 13 minutes. Not bad, chimpunk-face!
Makina: Heehehehe...
Narration: *As I reach over and roughly pet her, the "chimpunk" sways her sweaty head back and forth with a shy smile. I have to admit her dopiness can be charming at times.*
Narration: *Our course around the perimeter of Mihama Academy is about 3.2 kilometers. Given that she's wearing casual clothes, including her usual boots, you could call this time around average.*
Narration: *Running in heavy footwear isn't exactly ideal; it places a serious burden on your heels and knees. That said, the need to run can sometimes arise suddenly and without warning.*
Narration: *In an emergency situation, "I don't have the right shoes on, so I can't run" isn't always going to cut it.*
Narration: *Among other things, this is good training for just such a contingency.*
Yuuji: All right, then. Now that we've got your heart rate up, go take another lap!
Makina: Hoo-ahhhh!!
Narration: *When your squad leader's in a sour mood, it's not uncommon to have additional training imposed on you for no real reason.*
Narration: *It beats getting punched or slapped around for "educational" purposes, but... I'm still a little surprised to see Makina head right off for her second lap without a word of complaint.*
Yuuji: ...Makina's really into it today. I was expecting some groaning and moaning about that one...
Sachi: ...Well, Maki-chan appears to have found herself a goal of sorts...
Narration: *I glance over toward the sound of Sachi's voice. She's standing a few steps away with a bottle of her home-brewed hypotonic sports drink. Seems like she brought it out here in anticipation of Makina's return.*
Narration: *At first, the two of them regularly went on these runs together, but Sachi's been assuming more of a support role lately.*
Narration: *When I asked her why, she told me it better suits her personality...*
Narration: *But to be honest, she was probably just having trouble keeping up with Makina's pace. Mihama's maid can be a seriously sore loser at times.*
Yuuji: ...A goal...?
Sachi: Indeed. It seems she's determined to graduate from this school someday... and to learn how to fend for herself.
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *To be certain, we'll all be graduating "some day," Makina included.*
Narration: *The only exception would be Amane... who's already graduated, but decided to stick around as Mihama's dorm mother out of concern for Makina.*
Narration: *Maybe the kid's gotten the idea that her helplessness is limiting Amane's future. That's never a good feeling... Might explain why she's suddenly decided to become independent.*
Sachi: ...I don't know the exact details, but it seems Maki-chan's potential paths through life have been limited by forces beyond her control...
Sachi: She seems to believe that breaking through these obstacles will require a certain amount of time... and remarkable willpower...
Yuuji: ...Willpower, huh...?
Narration: *Makina's so timid around strangers that she used to have a really hard time just asking the clerk for chicken at the convenience store... But lately, she's been buying her snacks a lot more aggressively than she used to. *
Narration: *I'm not sure if that's got anything to do with willpower, though. It might just be that she's gotten craftier about things.*
Narration: *The girl could stand to improve in areas other than "sneakiness," honestly... but I can't deny it's a valuable skill. *
Sachi: ...For Maki-chan, Mihama Academy is something like a comfortable prison cell. Unless someone were to take her hand and pull her away, she might just stay here for years on end...
Sachi: However, she's perfectly aware that's not acceptable. Someday, she wants to leave this school behind of her own volition.
Sachi: Her path forward isn't yet clear, but for the moment, she's decided to make herself physically strong enough to face whatever challenges lie ahead... 
Yuuji: ...Hrm... understandable. No matter what life throws your way, it all comes down to basic physical fitness in the end...
Narration: *It's a bit of a crude plan... something like raising your character to level 99 so you can beat the last boss bare-handed.*
Narration: *But if you want to fight without relying on secondary factors like "items" or "equipment," it's important to commit to the slow grind of self-improvement.*
Sachi: ...Through our daily training, we gain the strength to stand firm in the face of adversity... A most convincing theory, to be sure...
Sachi: And on that note... I'd like to request that you provide me with some instruction as well.
Yuuji: ...Okay, what's with the kitchen knives...?
Narration: *Beaming happily, Sachi brandishes two sizable knives. She's holding them blade-down like some kind of assassin.*
Narration: *Well... I suppose I did tell her she's got some potential in close-range combat.*
Narration: *Compared to Makina, Sachi's got superior stamina and endurance. And she's quick-witted and decisive enough to shift from one plan to another in the heat of battle.*
Narration: *Also, she's ridiculously tenacious at even the dullest of drills, and usually repeats them until I actually tell her to stop. I might have mentioned that would serve her better with daggers, rather than guns...*
Sachi: We still have ten minutes until Maki-chan returns... I'd appreciate it greatly if you used that time to play with me. How about two sparring rounds of five minutes each?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... very well. Come at me whenever you like...
Sachi: ...Have at you!
Narration: *―Whatever its exact nature, having a goal is a positive thing.*
Narration: *Even if it starts off as little more than a joke, some day you might have the chance to pursue it in earnest.*
Narration: *And when opportunity does knock, the last thing you want is to be financially or physically unable to take advantage of it.*
Narration: *To prepare for that moment, you start by turning into the person you want to be.*
Narration: *By building yourself into someone who can snort confidently in the face of a thousand enemies...*
Principal: ...And that's exactly what this school is here for.
Yuuji: Ah, so that's Mihama Academy's true nature... a training ground where we sharpen our fangs before stepping into the battlefield known as society...
Principal: Uhm, what? I didn't say anything quite that violent, okay?
Principal: I want you all to realize what your strengths and weaknesses are. After that, you can try to improve on your talents, or perhaps attempt to overcome your flaws. This academy is a place where you struggle your way toward self-improvement.
Principal: If you succeed in making genuine progress, we'll shower you with compliments. And if you fail, we'll help you think about why, then give you a second chance.
Principal: Take Irisu-san, for example. Her grades in Art have been truly outstanding. In particular, she seems to have a real talent for molding and cutting various materials into sculptures.
Principal: ...Of course, given her particular circumstances, it may be quite some time before she graduates and makes her way out into the real world... But I think it's entirely possible she'll pursue a career in the fine arts.
Yuuji: ...Hrm... I see...
Yuuji: Incidentally, how does the administration view the case of Komine Sachi?
Principal: Komine-san... is something of a tricky case, I suppose. The biggest obstacle is that she doesn't consider her issues to be actual "problems"...
Yuuji: ...Well, I guess she does use that "robot maid" persona like a crutch sometimes...
Principal: That's rich, coming from a robot soldier.
Yuuji: You sure know how to hit me where it hurts...
Principal: I'm not saying it's inherently a bad thing, mind you. Living as a "robot" might be a valid option... as long as you aren't being "misused" by someone.
Principal: To put the matter simply, meeting a good "master" might be all that Komine-san really needs... but sitting around and waiting for that to happen would be a huge mistake.
Yuuji: It wouldn't be very smart to trust some "altruist" who popped up out of nowhere, anyway...
Principal: For the time being, Matsushima-san is playing the role of her master, but that isn't a sustainable solution. It's not an easy situation...
Yuuji: What are your thoughts on Matsushima Michiru herself?
Principal: The girl's lost sight of what she wants to be, and she still doesn't know how to sincerely express her feelings to others.
Principal: But that said... despite her own weaknesses, Matsushima-san's at least trying to be a good role model for Komine-san...
Principal: Komine-san needs Matushima-san. And with Komine-san at her side, Matushima-san will probably get by just fine, regardless of her inner turmoil.
Principal: Of course, I understand they need to break free of their delusions eventually. But by that time, I believe they'll be strong enough to stand on their own two feet.
Yuuji: That's pretty vague...
Principal: To be perfectly honest, I'm not really that worried about them. I know Matsushima-san insists that she hates children, but from what I've seen, she's actually something of a natural with them.
Principal: This might sound strange, but I believe she'd make a fine nursery school teacher. What do you think?
Yuuji: ...Not sure why you're asking for my input...
Narration: *I do know that people who insist they "can't stand" children often turn out to have a soft spot for them.*
Narration: *In fact, I seem to remember a few avowed kid-haters in my old unit grumblingly looking after our younger visitors on the base holidays.*
Yuuji: Basically... if you think kids are a pain in the ass, that means you take the responsibility of caring for them seriously?
Principal: That's about right. Incidentally, data suggests that over 50% of grade school teachers identify themselves as "disliking children."
Yuuji: Guess it makes sense... For some reason, jobs you can complain about endlessly tend to be the ones you stick with...
Principal: Right. It's the same reason you sneer at the concept of "national defense" and call war heroes "idiots," but can't bring yourself to leave your job...
Yuuji: ...So that just leaves Sakaki, I guess...
Principal: Well, look at you changing the subject... It's not like you care about Sakaki-san, anyway...
Yuuji: That's not true. I love Sakaki from the depths of my heart... my concern for her future is only slightly overweighed by my concern for the crawfish in Amane's room.
Principal: ...The crawfish comes first...?
Yuuji: What's this? Are you trying to say one life holds more value than another? Some educator you are.
Principal: Not exactly, but... it's a crawfish...
Narration: *Right. It's not that I'm indifferent to Sakaki's problems. I do feel some concern for her.*
Narration: *However... I seriously doubt she could ever bring herself to ask me for help.*
Narration: *The woman seems to understand that she's the only one who can "save" herself. And from her perspective, anyone who tries to help her is probably just trying to take advantage of her weakness.*
Yuuji: ...It would be presumptuous of someone like me to even think about "saving" Sakaki, but...
Yuuji: ...Well, let's see... if she screamed "help me!" with tears rolling down her face, I guess I might lend her a hand...
Narration: *"Not that it's ever going to happen."*
Narration: *For some reason, Chizuru responds to my perfectly reasonable conclusion by pouting angrily.*
Principal: ...Grr... What the heck? The last time I screamed "Help!" in your direction, you didn't even lift a finger!
Yuuji: That's because you were gibbering. I honestly couldn't tell what you were trying to say.
Narration: *As Chizuru thrashed around shouting for assistance, we spent a few puzzled moments wondering who this "Hepp May" person was supposed to be.*
Narration: *...Fortunately, she isn't aware that we referred to her as "Miss May" for a good while after that incident.*
Principal: ...You know, I'm suddenly a bit concerned that you think of me as some babbling airhead of a woman...
Yuuji: ......
Principal: Okay, why did you just clam up...?
Yuuji: ...Incidentally, Chizuru. Were you aware of the connection between Amane and myself?
Principal: ...Uu? What connection?
Yuuji: Don't play dumb, woman... and spare me the cutesy little noises, will you? You're a little old to be playing a "moe" character.
Principal: ...How cruel... And here I thought you were on my side...
Yuuji: Look, it's fine if you knew. Just tell me the truth.
Principal: Aha.♪ Of course I knew! Honestly, why wouldn't I? Don't be silly. 
Yuuji: ...Hmm. Tell me, what were you planning to do if I found out about Amane's past and decided to blame her for what happened?
Principal: Oh, come on. It's a little late to be worrying about that! You know perfectly well that squawking at someone years after the fact isn't going to bring the dead back to life, don't you?
Yuuji: Ha ha ha. True enough!
Principal: Right! Anyway, things turned out wonderfully in the end. That's all that really matters, isn't it?
Yuuji: Very true. All's well that ends well, as they say! Ha ha ha!
Yuuji: ...Did you really expect me to buy that, you dimwitted four-eyes!?!
Principal: ...Eeek!
Yuuji: Damn it, Chizuru! You'll pay for this!!
Principal: Ah... nooooo! I thought you said it was fine if I knew!!
Yuuji: I never said I wouldn't be furious!!
Principal: Aaah! No! Don't... anything but that! Stooooop!
Yuuji: Shut your trap!
Principal: Noooo! Give me my glasses baaaack!
Yuuji: Enough squawking. No glasses for you today! This is your punishment!
Principal: Haau... you can't be serious... I'm blind as a bat without my glasses...
Yuuji: ...Hrm... you know, Chizuru, you look more youthful without them.
Principal: ...Huh? Oh... really...?
Yuuji: Yeah. About three years younger, to be specific.
Principal: ...Deheheh, you mean it? What a flatterer.
Yuuji: Incidentally, Chizuru.
Principal: Yes? What is it?
Yuuji: ...Did JB also know about Amane's connection to my past...?
Principal: Well, of course she did. Harudera-san's the one who told me in the first place.
Yuuji: ...I see... That shaggy-head deliberately kept me in the dark, did she...?
Principal: She didn't lie to you, she just didn't say anything. That's just how Harudera-san is, you know? It's a little late to complain about it now.
Yuuji: ...You know, it's been far too long since I made that woman squeal like a pig...
Principal: Hm? Huh? Kazami-kun? Where did you go?
Principal: Whaaat!? Hold on! Did you just walk off with my glasses!? Wait, no... give them baaaaaack!
Narration: *―My life's gotten pretty peaceful lately.*
Narration: *There isn't much in the way of trouble. I go to school every day, play with Makina, mess with Michiru, act as Sachi's straight man, and occasionally enrage Sakaki.*
Narration: *I don't regard that as "dull." It's just a natural, ordinary routine.*
Narration: *When I was "working" on the front lines, there were times when the faces around our breakfast table changed completely over the course of only two weeks.*
Narration: *It wasn't unusual for people I ate dinner with the day before to be gone by morning. Some of them died; some were shipped back home with severe injuries.*
Narration: *Whenever I looked at those empty seats, the powdered eggs on my plate seemed to taste even fouler than usual.*
Narration: *At Mihama, of course, nothing like that ever happens.*
Narration: *The way I see it, there's nothing better than a "peaceful" life.*
Amane: Come on, Yuuji. Don't just stand around reading, okay? Come over here and help me with the shopping.
Yuuji: Hm? Right...
Amane: Honestly, is that exam really so hard that you have to study while you're walking?
Yuuji: Well, it's pretty tough... I want to get through another two manuals this week, if at all possible.
Amane: Too bad you can't just memorize everything instantly, like Makina or Kazuki.
Yuuji: Can't say I'd mind having a skill like that... but if those two are any indication, it seems to come with some serious eccentricities.
Amane: Aah... yeah, that's true..."Geniuses" can be pretty unpredictable, can't they? Sometimes you have to wonder what's even going on in their heads...
Yuuji: ...Speaking of which, Makina seems to have disappeared at some point...
Amane: ...Huh? Ah, you're right! Good grief, I can't take my eyes off her for ten seconds! Makinaaaa!?
Yuuji: Oh, there she is. Looks like she's buying something from the register... Did you give her some spending money?
Amane: Unfortunately, she's figured out how to buy stuff with a credit card...
Makina: Yahoooo! I got me one helluva rare item!!
Amane: Oh geez... Makina, did you waste more money on some pointless garbage?
Makina: What are you callin' garbage!? Feast yer eyes on this!
Makina: It's a Nitro Wheels GT500, Japan-exclusive! One of them blister-pack models that comes with chewin' gum! They don't even sell these in America!
Amane: Whoah! A miniature Eleanor!? Guess it's okay, then...
Yuuji: ...Is the brand really the issue here?
Greengrocer: Hey there, Amane-chan! We've got some fine asparagus today! Come take a look!
Amane: Ooh, asparagus, huh? That's a June vegetable, all right...
Yuuji: ...Hrm... I bet they'd taste good sauteed with some chicken thighs...
Greengrocer: Oho!? You know your stuff, Yuuji!
Greengrocer: Just coat that chicken with a little potato starch, then fry it in butter with these! That nice crispy meat compliments th' sweetness of asparagus perfectly! It'll knock yer socks off!
Greengrocer: What d'you say, Amane-chan!? I think you've got your menu for tonight!
Amane: Hmm, let's see... What do you think, Makina? Does that sound good?
Makina: Heck yeah, I could go fer some aspara-chicken! I'll have mine with some crunchy bacon bits on top!
Amane: Okay then, let's go with that. I'd like a pile of asparagus, Mister.
Greengrocer: You bet! Thanks for yer business. One pile of asparagus, 500 yen... but that's 480 for you, Amane-chan!
Amane: Aw, thaaanks!♪ While we're at it, I'll get some kidney beans, potatoes... and pumpkin, the secret to my beauty!
Greengrocer: That's the spirit! It's no wonder you're so pretty with all the vegetables you eat, Amane-chan!
Amane: Ahaha. Yuuji's the real veggie-lover here, you know? He'd rather eat a salad than cut into a steak.
Greengrocer: Ya don't say! You're a veggie-lover, Yuuji!? Guess that explains why you're such a sturdy-lookin' kid! All right then. I'll throw in half a head of cabbage free, just for you!
Yuuji: Are you sure...?
Greengrocer: Don't worry about it! That principal of yours wandered in here and asked for half a cabbage, so I've had the rest of it just sittin' around. No point lettin' it go stale, right? You can finish it off for her.
Yuuji: Well, thank you. I appreciate it.
Greengrocer: Aw, it's all good! I dunno what the deal is, but you're studying for something or other, right? Veggies are good for th' brain, too! Make sure you eat plenty!
Makina: What th' heck!? Why are Ama-nee and Onii-chan gettin' all the free stuff!?
Greengrocer: Don't worry, Maki-bou! For you, I've got... loquat!
Makina: Loquat!?
Greengrocer: They're in season right now, you know? Look here! See that fine white fuzz? That springy, glossy skin?
Greengrocer: Just keep it cool in yer fridge or something, then gobble it down after a bath. It's got all the vitamins and carotene a body needs! You won't be catchin' any colds with this around! Keeps your skin smooth, too!
Greengrocer: Don't tell my old lady, but I'll give you a pack fer free. Take it before she catches me!
Makina: Oooh! Thank ya kindly, pops! It's all because of you that I'm growin' up so healthy!
Greengrocer: Gahahahah! I'm happy to hear that, but ya don't seem to be gettin' any bigger, Maki-bou!
Greengrocer: You gotta eat more vegetables, you hear? Otherwise, you'll never be like Amane-chan!
Makina: Hmm... wait, I'll get taller if I eat veggies...?
Greengrocer: I guarantee it! Look at Yuuji the vegetable-lover here! Just how tall are you, Yuuji?
Yuuji: 178 centimeters...
Greengrocer: See? The youngsters these days are shootin' up like weeds. And they're all "herbivore men," right!?
Greengrocer: In other words, modern society's provin' that eatin' veggies makes you taller!
Makina: ...Do ya hafta thump my head while yer sayin' this? You're gonna make me even shorter!
Greengrocer: Seriously, Maki-bou... when you're standin' between those two giants, it almost looks like you're their kid! What a nice little family! Gahahahaha!
Amane: Okay then, Mister. Thanks again!
Greengrocer: You bet! Come back any time!
Makina: What the heck... do I seriously look like yer kid...? That's kinduva shock... Am I really growin' that friggin' slowly?
Amane: Well... you're definitely small, Makina. That's just how it goes when you put the tallest and shortest people in the school next to each other...
Amane: But petite girls tend to be more popular, you know? I've been tall ever since grade school... half the boys in my class were always shorter than me, so I didn't really get much attention...
Yuuji: Really? What's wrong with tall and sturdy-looking?
Makina: Onii-chan, I gotta be honest. Yer taste in girls is a little weird, ya know?
Yuuji: That's not true. I'm a perfectly typical lover of enormous breasts.
Amane: In any case, I'm glad you're on the taller side, Yuuji. If my boyfriend was shorter than me, I think I might feel a little awkward about it.
Makina: On that note, Ama-nee... I got a bit of a question for you two lovebirds. Would ya mind?
Amane: Hm? What is it?
Makina: Is marriage in th' picture, or what?
Amane: Uh... marriage...?
Makina: Hah? You've heard th' word "marriage" before, right? Just fer the record, it ain't tasty, and it ain't food...
Amane: Look, I'm not that much of a glutton...
Makina: This boyfriend girlfriend thing just ain't final enough, ya know? At this rate, the other ladies are gonna start gettin' antsy. Hurry up an' get hitched, fer fuck's sake!
Yuuji: ...Hrm... we've been thinking about it, of course. And I've cleared up some potential obstacles related to my job... To honest, I'm okay with taking the next step... and I wouldn't mind doing so immediately, but...
Amane: Uhh... well... yeah. The real problem is my dad...
Makina: What, is yer old man opposed?
Amane: I dunno if "opposed" is the right word...
Yuuji: It's hard to know either way when the man won't even see me. I think he's deliberately avoiding me so I can't ask for his blessing...
Amane: I've actually taken Yuuji to my parents' house twice already, you know...?
Amane: But Dad keeps being ridiculous... First he said the restaurant was too busy for him to leave the kitchen... and when we came back later, he made up some excuse about a "shopping district meeting" and ran away...
Makina: How about yer old lady? What's her position on th' matter?
Amane: Oh, Mom's completely on board. She thought Yuuji was very polite and friendly when he introduced himself... And it doesn't hurt that she's got a soft spot for pretty boys.
Yuuji: That woman really knows how to wear a kimono... She's got too much sex appeal, honestly. Particularly when she's all flushed from the summer heat.
Makina: Ooh, yeah. Ya know how she goes "Beggin' yer pardon" or "Well, it sure is a scorcher today!" and brushes her hair up? Th' nape of her neck is hella sexy when it's all sweaty!
Yuuji: Yeah, that's exactly what I'm talking about.
Amane: Hold on a second, Yuuji! Please don't tell me you've got your eye on my Mom!
Yuuji: You've got things backward, Amane. I'm pretty sure the woman's targeting me.
Yuuji: When we were leaving your parents' house the other day, she came up behind me while I was putting on my shoes by the doorway... Then whispered "Come over by yourself next time. I'll tell ya all about Amane's childhood" in my ear.
Amane: Whaaaaaat!?! Ah, for cryin' out loud, Ma! Don't go makin' a move on your daughter's boyfriend!!
Makina: ...She's gonna get you good, Onii-chan...
Makina: I can see it now... she's whisperin' "just blame it all on me, hun" in yer ear...
Makina: As th' cicadas chirp outside, a single drop of water trickles down yer glass of iced tea... a wind chime tinkles in th' breeze... and, the gentle sounds of fuckin' fill the air!!
Amane: Gyaaaaaah!! Stop iiiit! Stop turning my mom into some man-eating slut!!! 
Yuuji: Makina's just messing with you. Your dad's the real problem... and at this point, he's the single biggest obstacle in our path. I'm not sure what to do, honestly...
Makina: Why don'tcha just charge in there and knock some sense into him?
Yuuji: ...You're pretty bloodthirsty, kid...
Amane: Uh, actually... that might be just about the only way to do it. My dad's a really old-fashioned guy, so it wouldn't surprise me if he wants to slug this out...
Yuuji: Hrm... so he's the "cranky old veteran" type, huh...? Actions speak louder than words... I can respect that...
Makina: Anyway, yer not gonna get anywhere until ya actually meet the guy. Just barge in unannounced, all right? Make like you're stormin' the beach at Majuro!
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Makina: First, silently approach th' enemy by means of submarine! Next, launch a surprise attack usin' an amphibious landin' craft! I desigg-nate this mission "Operation Tornado!"
Amane: Is there a reason you're so fired up about this...?
Narration: *―The girl does have a point... We're not getting anywhere at the moment. When dealing with someone who refuses to even see you, a certain degree of aggressiveness might be warranted.*
Narration: *Soon enough, Amane secretly contacts her mother, and we decide to carry out "Operation Tornado" as soon as an opportunity presents itself.*
Date: *June 27, 2012, 14:11 - Metropolitan Area - Taito*
Narration: *Four days after our conversation with Makina, we finally put the plan into action... with an assist from our reliable "informant."*
Narration: *Instead of a submarine, we're barreling toward Amane's old home in the school's Sambar. Naturally, Amane's behind the wheel.*
Narration: *It might be a little much to say I'm ready to risk my life for this, but no matter what happens, I'm absolutely determined to get an answer out of Amane's father today.*
Yuuji: Mihama Academy Student number 0006, Kazami Yuuji! Reporting for duty!
Amane's Mom: Well, hello there. So nice of ya to come all the way out here in this heat. Take off those shoes and come on in.
Amane: Okay, Mom... where's Dad?
Amane's Mom: Your darlin' father's in the livin' room, watchin' the television. He doesn't suspect a thing.
Amane: All right! Now's our chance, Yuuji! We're storming in!!
Yuuji: ...What is this, a raid...?
Narration: *Are we going to toss a flashbang in there, then follow up with a tear-gas barrage?*
Narration: *Well, whatever. Let's start with the formalities...*
Yuuji: ...A please to meet you. My name is Kazami Yuuji. I'm currently in a romantic relationship with your daughter.
Amane's Dad: ...Tch... y'all set me up... Where th' hell do you get off sneakin' up on me, punk?
Yuuji: I apologize. It seemed like you wouldn't even meet me otherwise. I understand that I'm being rude, but I very much wanted to speak with you...
Amane's Dad: Keh!! Pathetic! Get outta here, kid! I got nothin' to say to you! Hey, Kotone! Bring me th' salt!!
Amane's Mom: Ya don't have t'go makin' such a fuss, dear... At least hear the boy out, why don't ya...?
Amane's Dad: Look, kid! What th' hell is yer problem!? Don't screw with me! If you've got somethin' to say, then spit it out!!
Yuuji: I'd like your permission to marry Amane.
Amane's Dad: What the HELL!? Gettin' right to the damn point, huh!?! How about takin' things one step at a time, ya snot-nosed brat!?!
Yuuji: It doesn't seem like you're interested in hearing a more detailed explanation, so I decided to begin with the most important part...
Amane's Dad: Y'got SOME NERVE, kid! Do ya really think I'm gonna say "you got it!" when ya march into my house and demand I give you my only daughter!?
Amane: Oh geez. Yelling at Yuuji isn't going to scare him off, okay? Honestly, Dad, you can be so childish sometimes... 
Amane's Dad: Shaddup! You stay out of this!!
Amane's Mom: Go on, Yuuji-han. Don't back down now.
Yuuji: Well then... this is very important, so I'm going to repeat it. I'd like your permission to marry Amane.
Amane's Dad: You still goin' on about that!? You've got balls, I'll give ya that much! Try sayin' that one more time, PUNK!!
Yuuji: I'd like your permission to marry Amane.
Amane's Dad: ...I see. So I wasn't just mishearin' you. You want my daughter fer your wife, huh? Well, all right then...
Amane's Dad: Come at me, ya bastard!!
Yuuji: You're a bit impulsive, old man... Fine, have it your way. It's probably easier to let our fists do the talking...
Amane: Hey! Are you serious, Dad!?
Amane's Dad: Shaddup! I don't wanna HEAR IT, Amane! I'm not givin' my daughter to ANYONE who can't take me in a scrap!
Amane's Dad: Listen up, kid! Protectin' a family is one hell of a tough job! And it all comes down to GUTS in the end!
Yuuji: Hmph... guess there's only one way to shut up pig-headed fools like you... How about I beat you at your own game?
Amane's Dad: Graaaaah!! Stupid brat!! I'll beat you black an' blue!
Yuuji: # **...Kuh...!**
Narration: *Without much warning, Amane's father charges at me like an enraged water buffalo.*
Amane's Dad: Here we go, shithead!!
Yuuji: ...Guh..!
Narration: *Guarding myself against the old man's attacks, I throw out a few quick jabs. He doesn't even flinch.*
Yuuji: Haah...!!
Amane's Dad: ...Ngggh!! Y'little shit!!
Narration: *Even as I barrage him with a series of low kicks, he stubbornly charges forward.*
Narration: *But that's exactly what I was expecting...!*
Yuuji: ...Hmph...!!
Amane's Dad: ...Whoa! Nice try.
Narration: *After lowering his guard with the low kicks, I suddenly swing my elbow in a horizontal arc, aiming for the old man's face... but he leans backward and evades it cleanly.*
Yuuji: ...Damn...
Narration: *Still, it's not over yet... I've got a follow-up.*
Narration: *After recovering from his momentary retreat, Amane's father begins to charge toward me once again. Having anticipated his movements, I launch a roundhouse kick into his abdomen.*
Amane's Dad: ...Oghok!!
Narration: *My heel hits the old man right in the gut, doubling him over. As he reflexively covers his stomach, I reach out, grab his neck, and kick my knee up into his vulnerable face.*
Amane's Dad: ...Ughaah!!!
Narration: *Blood spewing from his nose, he finally goes down.*
Amane's Dad: ...Kuh! You know Muay Thai!?
Narration: *It's not just that, actually... My mixed martial arts incorporates elements of judo, boxing, aikido, krav maga, and even taido, an offshoot of Ryukyu karate. That's what I like to call "Kazami-style Self-Defense."*
Amane's Dad: Damn it! Asshole! You're fightin' for real, aren't ya!?
Narration: *Although I've bloodied Amane's father and brought him to his knees, it isn't long before he's charging forward once again.*
Narration: *I respond to his question with an emphatic nod.*
Yuuji: This isn't a joke or a game! I'm going to marry your daughter!!
Narration: *Curling my big toe to gain purchase against the floor, I assume a stance similar to the "hasso" used in kendo and brace myself for the coming attack...*
Narration: *...But instead of taking another swing at me, the old man grabs an empty beer bottle from a case in the corner of the room and hurls it at me with all his might.*
Amane's Dad: Graaaaah!! Time for some MISSILES, shithead!!
Yuuji: ...Kuh! What are you, a kid!?
Amane's Dad: Shaddup!! There ain't no rules in a real fight, dumbass!! Take THAT!!
Yuuji: ...Damn it...!
Narration: *The old man isn't holding back in the slightest. He clearly doesn't want anyone taking his daughter anytime soon.*
Narration: *I manage to deflect all the beer bottles he throws at me with the side of my hands, but in the very last one, there's still some leftover liquid sloshing around inside.*
Yuuji: ...Gwoh!?
Narration: *Suddenly showered in lukewarm alcohol like some victorious athlete, I flinch in surprise. The old man rushes toward me, roaring out a battle cry.*
Amane's Dad: Graaaaah! Y'little shiiiiiiit!!
Narration: *Following his movements with my stinging eyes, I try to raise my guard... but the man actually leaps into the air and hits me with a dropkick.*
Yuuji: Gwhoah!
Narration: *Both of his sandaled feet smash into my chest, forcing the air from my lungs. All of a sudden, it's a struggle just to breathe.*
Yuuji: ...Are you... serious...? A dropkick...?
Narration: *Can't remember the last time someone used a move like that on me... Maybe back in grade school, during one of our "pro wrestling" matches?*
Amane's Dad: ...Haa... haa... haa... H-How d'you like that, shithead...? Haa... haa...
Yuuji: ...Guh...
Narration: *―Damn. Did I underestimate the man because he's an amateur?*
Narration: *That said, I can't use any extreme methods on a civilian... gouging the man's eyes isn't exactly an option, especially since he's Amane's father.*
Narration: *I've mostly been responding in kind to his attacks, using Judo techniques... but maybe fighting fair isn't going to cut it. The old man's desperate...*
Amane's Dad: ...What's th' matter, punk!? Bring it ON!!!
Yuuji: ...Guh...
Narration: *Should I let him land an attack, then get him with a grappling technique...?*
Narration: *I don't know. A dislocated joint or two might not be enough to make this stubborn old man throw in the towel.*
Narration: *Maybe the surest plan is to get myself behind him, then force him down by compressing his airway...*
Amane: Go Yuuji!♪ You've got thiiis!♪
Amane's Dad: What th...!? Amane, you TRAITOR! Are you sidin' with this brat!? Your daddy's fightin' to protect you, dammit!
Amane: Whaaat? But I want to marry Yuuji, you know?
Amane's Dad: I'll smash that dream ta PIECES here an' now!!
Amane's Mom: Yuuji-haan!♪ Hang in there, dear!♪
Amane's Dad: Wha!? You too!? Really, Miss Kotone!? You're my wife! You do remember that, right!?
Amane's Mom: Whaaat? But th' boy's so handsome. Ah'd love to have him as a son...
Amane's Dad: Nwaaaah!! Kazami, you son of a bitch!! Look what you've done to m'family!! I'll KILL you!!
Narration: *What's with this...?*
Narration: *I'm not even trying to provoke the man right now, but it seems like he's even more furious than before.*
Narration: *However...*
Yuuji: I won't resort to any cheap tricks... Go on, old man. Hit me with your best shot...!
Amane's Dad: Well said, shithead! I'll make mincemeat out of ya... and then MASH YA INTO PASTE!!
Narration: *―First rule of being a man: "Some things matter more than your life."*
Narration: *Various circumstances might rouse us to action.  We protect our families from harm.  We stand up for our friends when they're insulted.  We take responsibility for our mistakes.*
Narration: *The man I'm fighting right now is no exception.  He's got things that matter very deeply to him.*
Narration: *There's only one reason he's struggling like this, even at the cost of his own dignity... He cares for his family more than his own life, and he's utterly desperate to protect them from the interloper who's come to steal his only daughter.*
Narration: *But no matter how profoundly this man cares about Amane, I'm not about to back down either.*
Narration: *I wouldn't have asked for his daughter if I wasn't determined to spend my life with her.*
Narration: *And if I can't convey those feelings to him through words, I'll just have to use my fists instead.*
Yuuji: Eat this, you stubborn old man!! I'll show you my feelings for Amane!!
Amane's Dad: Ya got SOME NERVE, KIDDO!!!
Narration: *―Some time later, as the sun crawls down toward the horizon, the two of us are still bashing at each other like a clumsy pair of heavyweights stopped dead in the center of the ring. Our sheer willpower's the only thing keeping us going.*
Narration: *I wonder how many hours have passed, exactly...?*
Narration: *At some point, Amane and her mother got tired of watching the "match" and headed back into the house.*
Amane's Dad: ..Fn.. ngh...
Narration: *His face swollen beyond recognition, the old man swings his fist at me with all the speed of an anemic sloth. I can clearly see his knees trembling.*
Narration: *His countless punches have taken their toll on me as well, but I'm younger than he is, and I train myself daily. I've still got some energy to spare.*
Amane's Dad: ...Ah... shit... can't... keep goin'...
Narration: *The old man's taken one too many shots to the head. His jaw trembling, he manages to force a few words from his mouth... then falls backward like a freshly cut tree.*
Yuuji: ...Hmph... looks like I win this one...
Amane's Dad: ...Shaddup... I ain't... done yet, punk... A fight ain't over till ya give up... I'm still in this thing...
Yuuji: ...You don't have the strength to stand back up... Just admit defeat, why don't you?
Amane's Dad: Shut it, punk... I'm not admittin' anything... There's no chance in hell... I'm givin' you my only daughter...
Yuuji: ...I won't demand you consent to our marriage... but at the very least, I want you to acknowledge my determination...
Amane's Dad: Tch... stop tryin' to show off, you little shit...
Narration: *A fight isn't over until you've given up.*
Narration: *That's true enough, I suppose.*
Narration: *But from the moment his daughter and his wife lined up against him, I think this man had already resigned himself to defeat.*
Amane's Dad: Well... I always knew this day would come eventually, I guess...
Amane's Dad: ...Tell me something, Yuuji...
Yuuji: What is it...?
Amane's Dad: Why'd ya fall fer my daughter...?
Yuuji: It's not easy to summarize, but... I guess I liked how big she was...
Amane's Dad: What th' hell...?
Yuuji: The fact that she's tall means she's healthy... and that means she probably won't die before me... Amane always cleans her plate, too... She's a fine woman...
Amane's Dad: Hahah... y'know, back when Amane was in fifth grade... she brought some of her friends home with her from school...
Amane's Dad: And when I laid eyes on those kids, my jaw just about hit the floor...
Amane's Dad: They were supposedly Amane's classmates, but they all looked like a bunch of toddlers next ta her... Musta been a size or two smaller, at least...
Amane's Dad: And then it finally hit me... those kids weren't actually tiny... our girl was just huge...
Amane's Dad: Maybe I'd been feedin' her too a little too much good food ever since she was a rugrat... Shoulda been more careful about that...
Amane's Dad: I started worryin' myself sick... thinkin' about th' names they were probably callin' her at school...
Amane's Dad: But... seems like there's at least one moron who wants t'marry my giant of a daughter... Guess I oughta be happy about that...
Yuuji: ...I promise you I'll take good care of her...
Amane's Dad: Aw, shut yer trap... I didn't say a word about givin' her to you, did I...? Don't get ahead of yerself, moron...
Amane's Dad: ...Listen carefully, Yuuji... startin' a family ain't somethin' you can take lightly...
Amane's Dad: I know I'm talkin' like I know it all, but that didn't really sink in fer me until th' day Amane was born...
Amane's Dad: When I heard th' news... I got permission from m'boss an' barrelled right over to th' hospital...
Amane's Dad: So I was lookin' down at her wrinkly little monkey-face in th' incubator, right...? And I saw her movin' around... She was ballin' up her little hands... makin' these tiny fists with a hole in th' middle...
Amane's Dad: And when I reached down, one of those itsy-bitsy hands grabbed hold of my finger...
Amane's Dad: ...Yeah, I know. It's just a reflex. Any newborn baby woulda done the exact same thing, right?
Amane's Dad: But th' moment that hand squeezed mine, it was like... for th' first time in my life, I had somethin' worth dyin' for...
Amane's Dad: Might sound ridiculous, but it felt like I'd lived my whole damn life so I could be there to protect her...
Amane's Dad: So if a punk kid like you wants to take her from me, ya damn well better have one helluva good reason why I should agree...
Yuuji: ...I don't know what it's like to become a father... so I can't say I completely understand what you're trying to tell me...
Yuuji: That said, if you let me marry your daughter, I'll make damn sure you never regret it...
Amane's Dad: No matter th' cost...?
Yuuji: No matter the cost...
Amane's Dad: ...Y'know, ya write the "Ama" in Amane just like my name, Takashi... I wanted everyone to sing her praises all the way t'heaven... so I used th' kanji for "heaven" and "sound"...
Amane's Dad: They do say kids grow into their names, but... haha. She shot up so fast I was afraid she'd seriously end up with her head in th' clouds...
Amane's Dad: Anyway, Amane means th' damn world to me. I'd do anything for that girl...
Amane's Dad: So tell me... what exactly are YOU gonna do for her?
Yuuji: Sorry to disappoint you, but I can't exactly hand her the world on a silver platter...
Yuuji: That said... I'm going to try very hard to make her glad she was born...
Yuuji: That's about all I can do for her... and I don't think it's going to be easy...
Amane's Dad: I see...
Amane's Dad: But look, kid... I'm gonna be blunt. How much you earning? What are you going to do about th' wedding?
Yuuji: ...Amane told me that if I've got that much cash lying around, I should just buy her an Impreza instead...
Amane's Dad: Hah... yeah, that sounds like somethin' she'd say...
Amane's Dad: Don't actually do it, though. There ain't no point gettin' yourself a new ride unless ya spent your own hard-earned money on it...
Amane's Dad: And what if she dies in an accident drivin' some car you bought her, huh? That ain't gonna feel too good. Ya gotta be responsible fer your own decisions from the very start...
Yuuji: ...I think Amane understands that... I did talk about buying her a car at some point, but she stopped me right away...
Amane's Dad: Seriously, though... a car instead of a wedding...? Haha... and here I had ta sell my ride just to get her into Takizono... Guess that's the generation gap for ya...
Yuuji: ...It was a red Kenmeri, right? Amane was bragging about it to me the other day...
Amane's Dad: Heh... that kid always loved cars, fer some reason... Used to worry myself wonderin' what kinda woman she'd grow up to be...
Amane's Dad: So I go and sell the car I loved almost as much as my life... toss her into th' famous Takizono Academy... an' one day, she comes back home completely traumatized...
Amane's Dad: ...Amane knew we'd paid out the nose to send her ta that place, so she toughed it out until graduation like the stubborn git she is... But by then, the poor girl was a total wreck...
Amane's Dad: She told me she'd had enough of school... talked about helpin' out around the restaurant after she finished at Takizono...
Amane's Dad: ...I was all right with that, but... Kotone told her t'go finish her education instead...
Amane's Dad: ...So then we shipped her off to some school in Kyoto, near her ma's family... and she did make a few new friends there... But after a while, th' past caught up to her again...
Amane's Dad: Amane started saying she was just draggin' her friends down with her... ended up droppin' out after a single year...
Amane's Dad: She spent another six months after that just helpin' out around the shop, not doin' much in particular... but at some point, the girl got herself a motorcycle license...
Amane's Dad: An' fer some stupid reason, the idiot got it in her head to go off on a "journey of self-discovery" or something...
Amane's Dad: Started loadin' all her luggage up onto some beat up old bike she picked up god knows where, then vanished into th' night...
Amane's Dad: I mean, Kotone and I were against th' idea, of course.
Amane's Dad: But you know... back then, Amane was like a fish with a hook in its mouth... so I figured she might need a chance to thrash around a little... We ended up seein' her off with tears in our eyes...
Amane's Dad: ...I dunno where Amane wandered off to... but when she came back three months later, she announced that she wanted t'go to some school...
Amane's Dad: Told us she'd found a place where her past wouldn't cause anyone else any grief... and showed us a Mihama Academy pamphlet...
Yuuji: ...I see... So that's how Amane ended up in Mihama...
Amane's Dad: After all that talk about quittin' school for good... she kept wakin' up in the night, thinkin' she was gonna be late for homeroom...
Amane's Dad: She told me there was only one way she'd ever get over what happened in that school... and that was goin' back to a different one. I couldn't really say no to that...
Yuuji: ...Right...
Narration: *No matter how much you want to get away from the fighting for good... if your life suddenly takes a turn for the peaceful, you'll find yourself yearning for war.*
Narration: *...Maybe that's not the right way to put it, actually. It's more of an unsettling feeling... a sense that you've left something undone.*
Narration: *You can't heal the wounds you suffered on the battlefield by running away and pretending they never happened.*
Amane's Dad: So anyway... I paid another arm and a leg to get her into Mihama, and things finally seemed to be lookin' up, but then I hear she's gettin' all hot an' heavy with some loser... I've had about enough of this crap...
Yuuji: It's not all bad, right? If she's got time to find herself a man, at least she's not spending all day dwelling on the past...
Amane's Dad: Shaddup, idiot... I don't need you tellin' me that. More importantly... can you even keep Amane fed, huh...?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... can't say my salary is that impressive, but the official number's a bit misleading...
Yuuji: When you add the specialist bonus and basic subsidies to my base salary... at the very least, we won't be going hungry.
Amane's Dad: ...What if ya end up havin' a kid, huh...?
Yuuji: Won't be a problem. No matter what it takes, I'll keep food on my family's table...
Amane's Dad: ...Ya damn well better mean that...
Yuuji: Of course I do. It's a promise... man-to-man.
Amane's Dad: Well, all right then... I'll let ya take Amane off my hands... Y'better take good care of her...
Yuuji: Yeah. That's the plan, Dad...
Amane's Dad: ...Gaaah! Dammit! Hearin' you call me that royally pisses me off! Come over here and let me punch you one more time!
Yuuji: Hmph... sounds like fun. If you think you can hit me, go ahead and try...
Amane: Oh, come on! Are you boys still at it!? Dinner's almost ready! Go get yourselves cleaned up!
Narration: *...So, anyway... through somewhat (?) forceful means, I finally succeeded in securing the formal approval of Amane's parents.*

Date: *June 28, 2012, 20:14 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Makina: Ama-neeee? Hey, Ama-neeee!
Amane: ......
Makina: I'm talkin' to you, Ama-nee! It's eight o'clock, ya know? Time for our bath!
Amane: ......
Makina: ...Llama-nee?
Amane: Who th' heck're you callin' a llama!?
Makina: Whoa, ya startled me! Guess yer ears are workin' after all?
Amane: Ah, sorry. I was just sort of spacing out there.
Makina: Again? Ya been doin' that all day fer some reason.
Amane: Uhm, I wasn't expecting Dad to give us our blessing so easily yesterday, you know? So it's like... "Huh? What? Seriously?" It doesn't seem real yet, I guess...
Makina: ...Didn't Onii-chan kinda beat the crap outta yer dad, though? Is he even okay?
Amane: Ahaha... well, I talked with Mom on the phone, and it sounds like he hurt his back... Guess he tried a little too hard yesterday.
Amane: The doctor said he should be back to normal in three days or so. But now that I think about it, the man's already 42 years old...
Amane: He's lucky he got off that easy going toe-to-toe with a young man in his prime, right?
Makina: Welp, I'm sure Onii-chan took it easy on his future father-in-law.
Makina: So anyway, when are you two gettin' married?
Amane: Hmm... I think that might be a little further down the line. Yuuji was saying he wants to pass that promotion exam and get himself a raise first...
Makina: What th' heck? Why?
Amane: Well, we did get my parents' permission, but Yuuji's still a student here for the moment.
Amane: And Dad pointed out that our financial situation might not be that stable... I think Yuuji took that to heart...
Makina: Hmmm? Well, I guess his base pay's pretty low... but with th' danger pay comin' in every couple weeks, we're talkin' 350 thousand yen a month take-home, right?
Makina: Also, that man don't have a clue how ta spend money, so I bet he's got a whole pile sittin' in his bank account. Like, seven million or so.
Amane: Why do you know all this!?
Makina: Welp, uh... I'm thinkin' about all sortsa stuff these days, ya know? Gotta start plannin' fer my future and all that.
Makina: So anyhoo, I tried figurin' out what Onii-chan was earnin' just as a point of reference, and those are th' numbers I came up with...
Makina: ...Wait a sec, though. If he stops doin' dangerous jobs, that would definitely mean a pretty hefty pay cut... Hrm. Guess it might be smart to think about gettin' promoted instead...
Makina: He'd prob'ly earn his red-carpet office a little late, maybe 35 or so... get himself a personal driver ta take him around in a Type-73 Light Truck...
Makina: And while he spends his two-year term pushin' paper and polishin' that sweet-smellin' leather chair with his ass, he can use his free time studyin' for th' Command Staff Course.
Makina: At that point, his basic salary should be 480 grand or so... an' once he's a genuine member of th' bureaucracy, it shouldn't be too hard to scamper even further up that ladder... Hmmm... yeah, that doesn't sound too shabby...
Makina: Yeah! Listen up, Amane! When ya take one step outside th' company's door, everything changes! Nobody gives a damn about yer "menko" count. It's all about the number of stars on yer collar!
Amane: ...Why exactly do you know more about Yuuji's job than I do...? And what's "menko" supposed to mean? You're not talking about those cards that kids play around with, right?
Makina: Nah, it's slang fer the tray you eat off in th' field. When people bring it up, they're talkin' about the number of "company" meals you've eaten... like, how much experience you've got.
Amane: It really seems like Yuuji's been rubbing off on you lately... Sometimes I don't even know what you're talking about...
Makina: Anyway, enough about all that! I wanna take my bath already!
Amane: Oh... sorry. I have to wait for Yuuji to get back...
Makina: Nwoh? What, Onii-chan still ain't home yet?
Amane: Mm, yeah... he had to go all the way out to Chiba for his exam today...
Makina: Yesterday he's fightin' your dad, an' today he's off in Chiba takin' a test...? Th' man never rests...
Amane: Anyway, he's out there working hard for me, so when he comes back all worn out, I want to be around to greet him. 
Makina: Dang. You're one considerate woman, Ama-nee.
Amane: Well, I guess welcoming the man of the house back in the evening is kind of a tradition in my family...
Amane: Mom always did it, and apparently Grandma was the same way... and I grew up watching them...
Makina: Hohoh... so is bein' stubborn as a mule also a family tradition? How about th' horniness? Or those absurdly giant boobies?
Amane: Oh, come on. That's just...
Amane: Er, wait a second. Mom is an E-cup, isn't she...? And Grandma told me she used to have a pretty big rack in her day...
Makina: ...So yer a friggin' thoroughbred...? Dang... a whole clan of titty-monsters...
Amane: Ahaha... a-anyway, I'm going to wait for Yuuji, so go ahead and get in the bath.
Makina: Hrrrm, oh well... guess I'll take Yumi-chan with me and suck on her boobies fer a while...
Amane: Uh, wait a second. Why would you do that? Even if you wanted to, it's not like Sakaki-san would ever let you.
Makina: Hrm? But Yumi-chan knows what my Mom's like, ya know?
Makina: I'll just act like a child yearnin' for affection. Ya know, whisper "Mommy" in a frail little voice or whatever. That should get her maternal instincts goin'... and then, mayhaps...
Amane: No "mayhaps," okay?
Makina: Heck yeah!! I can do this!! Hooah!!
Amane: Don't you "hooah" me! Why are you so fired up about getting your mouth on your classmate's breasts!?
Makina: Later, Ama-nee! I'm gonna go suck on those suckers! By which I mean them boobies!
Amane: Was that supposed to be a pun...? Oh geez, she didn't listen to a word I said... Run for the hills, Sakaki-san! Run for the hills!
Amane: ...Kiiinda feels like Sakaki-san's taking a lot of the fallout now that I don't have as much time to spend on Makina...
Amane: Well, it doesn't seem like she hates Makina nearly as much as she claims to... Maybe it's not that big a deal?
Amane: ...Anyway, Yuuji sure is taking his time. I've gotta head back to my apartment before lights out at ten...
Amane: I did tell him to call if he was gonna be late... and he never got in touch, so he should be back pretty soon...
Amane: Well, whatever. Maybe I can kill some time writing in my diary...
Amane: ...I already did my entry for today, though... 
Amane: Hmm... guess I'll go with the usual, then...?
Narration: *―Dear Kazami Kazuki...*
Narration: *I'm well aware that it must be something of a burden on your mind to have a friend as hopeless as myself.*
Narration: *But as I informed you previously... I, your unworthy companion Suou Amane, have now found someone that I love.*
Narration: *Although I childishly insisted that romance was something I didn't "deserve," in retrospect, perhaps this outcome was fated from the start.*
Narration: *You once told me that you would introduce me to your little brother someday.*
Narration: *From what you told me, he was a moody and timid boy whose only redeeming feature was his kindness. I knew myself to be a rather crude person, so I thought our personalities might clash.*
Narration: *But now, I'm forced to acknowledge that you were correct when you said I'd learn to like him.*
Narration: *―Okay, this is way too formal.*
Narration: *I beg your pardon, but I believe I'm going to lapse into less polite language now.*
Narration: *...But seriously, Kazuki.*
Narration: *When you told me "I'm positive you'll like him," my reaction was basically "...What makes you so sure?"*
Narration: *But once I actually met the guy, I realized he's just like his big sister.*
Narration: *He's always got that same vaguely grumpy look in his eyes. Oh, and he's a sardonic, sadistic jerk with a weirdly "tsundere" side.*
Narration: *First he ruthlessly bullies me, then he hits me with that "But I don't mind that in a woman" in a soft murmur. Of COURSE my heart skips a beat, you know!?*
Narration: *When I'm eating dinner, he says "You've got an impressive appetite."*
Narration: *When I'm sobbing about you, he says "You look ridiculous when you cry."*
Narration: *When I snuggle up to him, he says "Get off. You're too clingy." Seriously!*
Narration: *And of course, as I bite my lip and groan, he always follows it up the exact same way...*
Narration: *"But I don't mind that in a woman."*
Narration: *Honestly, the guy's a total tsundere.*
Narration: *―All that said, I really do love Yuuji.*
Narration: *Of course, the fact that he's your brother does affect my perception of him.*
Narration: *But I don't feel like I owe him because of what happened... It's nothing that negative. He's the little brother of someone I really loved, so it's only natural that I fell in love with him... or something like that?*
Narration: *I don't know... this is kind of hard to explain...*
Narration: *Let's put it this way. If I'd met Yuuji before I even knew you, I'm positive I would have fallen in love with him anyway.*
Narration: *Yuuji once asked me what I like about him, you know.*
Narration: *The answer's pretty simple. First of all... there's his face.*
Narration: *I love that sleepy look he's always got in his eyes.*
Narration: *His expression's always kind of absent-minded, so when he says something sharp out of nowhere, it sends little shivers down my spine.*
Narration: *And above all else, he's really... manly.*
Narration: *Even if the two of us got stranded on a deserted island, I'm pretty sure we'd manage to survive somehow. He's incredibly competent and clever.*
Narration: *And you know... that's the same reason I was so attracted to you back then, Kazuki...*
Narration: *Oh! Can't forget his body odor! I think we're, like, perfect for each other on a physical level.*
Narration: *Uhm... well... I guess that's how it feels to me, at least...*
Narration: *At first, I kind of figured a young guy like him would jump at the chance to have his way with a woman's body, and I'd have him wrapped around my little finger in no time...*
Narration: *But Yuuji's like the ultimate "herbivore," I guess...? He's weirdly nonchalant about this stuff.*
Narration: *Err, so... uhm, yeah. I guess I kinda turned him off a little. Or a lot.*
Narration: *Uh, sorry. That's not too clear, is it? Basically, it was like... "Mind turning the sluttiness down a notch, Amane?" I think I was taking things a bit too fast for him. Maybe.*
Narration: *I mean, Yuuji is a sadistic tsundere, you know? And a really unpredictable one, too.*
Narration: *Sometimes he's really sweet to me out of nowhere, but it doesn't go too well when I'm the one making the approach. He's a lot like you in that way.*
Narration: *So sometimes, I can be a little... just a little... pushy. As in, I jump on top of him or kiss him on the cheek.*
Narration: *I mean... yeah, I know that sounds aggressive... but I don't know what else to do...*
Narration: *I'm honestly a pretty terrible person, you know...?*
Narration: *When I see Yuuji enjoying a conversation with some other girl, sometimes it ticks me off a little...*
Narration: *So I wander over and deliberately press my breasts up against him.*
Narration: *"How do you like that? Mine are bigger than hers, right?"*
Narration: *Pretty pathetic stuff.*
Narration: *But I really don't want them taking him away from me.*
Narration: *At first, I was okay with just playing the "slutty big sister" he could take advantage of whenever... but now, everyone knows I'm seriously in love with him.*
Narration: *And since he knows how I feel, I don't want him looking at anyone else the way he looks at me. Is that just selfish of me...?*
Narration: *―Oh, right. One other thing. I might be marrying Yuuji.*
Narration: *In fact, I'm pretty sure I will be.*
Narration: *Yesterday, we went to my parents house, and he met my dad.*
Narration: *The two of them got into a bit of a slugging match about the whole marriage thing, but in the end, we did manage to get Dad's blessing.*
Narration: *It seems like he's a little worried about Yuuji's future prospects. Or his income, to be more blunt.*
Narration: *I think my grandma once told me "you marry a man's future, not the man himself." But that seems way too cynical to me... Don't think it's my favorite saying.*
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, I'm not that worried about the future.*
Narration: *Yuuji seems determined to support me with "clean" cash earned from less "dangerous" jobs... but at the end of the day, money is money.*
Narration: *Except in some very particular cases, it's worth exactly what the number on the front says it is. Nothing more, nothing less.*
Narration: *Also, I could always start working myself if the need arises, although Yuuji isn't too crazy about the idea. I guess he has his pride as a man... and if possible, I do want to respect that.*
Narration: *Today, he's off taking another exam to get himself a more stable job. All for my sake.*
Narration: *I don't know why he's trying so hard for a woman like me.*
Narration: *I mean... I abandoned you, Kazuki. I'm a coward who left his sister to die. The idea of marrying him makes me happy, but when I remember that, it's hard not to hesitate.*
Narration: *I've asked Yuuji why he's forgiven me for what I did, and he always just says "Because I love you" or "Who said I forgave you? You're my slave for life"...*
Narration: *Nice of to him pander to my masochist side, but it doesn't feel like a real answer.*
Narration: *When I called up a school friend of mine from Kyoto and asked for her opinion, she told me it was "creepy" that Yuuji had forgiven me so quickly.*
Narration: *No matter what the circumstances, I'd been involved in the death of a family member. It's hard to believe he would accept that so easily.*
Narration: *When she put it that way, it sounded pretty convincing. It really does feel like Yuuji forgave me too easily... Apparently, that's the single biggest reason Dad was avoiding him.*
Narration: *To be honest, I'm a little conflicted...*
Narration: *Tell me, Kazuki... what should I do...?*
Date: *June 28, 2012, 20:52 - Mihama Academy - Courtyard*
Yuuji: ...Well, damn. It's gotten pretty late...
Narration: *Glancing down at my wristwatch to check the exact time, I'm briefly surprised by the unfamiliar clock face.*
Yuuji: ...Right. I really did pass, didn't I...?
Narration: *After successfully completing the day's examinations, I waited until the results were announced at sixteen hundred hours...*
Narration: *At which point they handed out new ID cards and a "gift" to everyone who'd passed... although I'm not sure why an American company would go with made-in-Japan watches. For a moment, I study the new device on my arm.*
Narration: *It's almost twenty-one hundred hours by now. I promised I'd be home in time for dinner today, so this probably qualifies as late.*
Yuuji: ...Maybe I should have called ahead to give her my ETA...?
Narration: *Unfortunately, it's a bit too late to be regretting that now. Might as well hurry back to my room instead of mulling things over.*
Narration: *I did manage to get back around an hour or so before the usual lights-out time. Wonder if Amane's still in the dorm...?*
Narration: *As I'm taking off my shoes and pondering the matter, my train of thought's derailed by the sight of a teary-eyed woman standing in the lobby.*
Yumiko: ...Sob...
Yuuji: What's the matter, Sakaki? Have you been sexually assaulted?
Yumiko: ...You're a... vile person, you know that...? Hic...
Yuuji: There's no need to be ashamed... just give me a description. I'll chase the bastard down and get revenge for you, no matter what...
Yumiko: ...Why are you so determined to stick with this narrative...?
Yuuji: Oh. Am I wrong...?
Yumiko: Of course you are!!
Yuuji: Then why are you crying...?
Yumiko: ...I was just... b-bitten...
Yuuji: I see. So you've mentally reclassified the incident as "a stray dog bit me" in order to cope with the trauma?
Yumiko: I'm telling you, that isn't what happened!!
Yuuji: Then what bit you, exactly?
Yumiko: Oh, shut up! What do you care, anyway!? I'm about as important as a crawfish in your book!
Yuuji: ...Sakaki, listen...
Yumiko: What is it now!?
Yuuji: I'm not sure what you heard, or who you heard it from... but I consider you a very dear friend...
Yumiko: E-Excuse me...?
Yuuji: My feelings aren't going to change, no matter what happened to you... and no matter what happens in the future. So please, be honest with me...
Yuuji: Would you rather I drop this topic entirely...? If so, I won't ask any more questions... as long as you have a smile on your face tomorrow, that's good enough for me.
Yuuji: However... if you have a problem you can't work through on your own, I'm always willing to help.
Yuuji: As a friend, I think I owe you that much... at the very least.
Yumiko: ...D-Don't be ridiculous! You're... That's just... H-Hmph!!
Yuuji: Hey! Sakaki!
Yumiko: What!?
Yuuji: Don't forget what I told you just now. I meant every word.
Yumiko: ...Idiot...
Yumiko: ...Sometimes, you're almost as difficult to handle as Irisu-san...
Yuuji: ...Hrm... that's pretty serious...
Narration: *I don't quite understand the situation, but as Sakaki stomps off in a state of towering rage, I catch the scent of sweet shampoo on her hair. She's probably just gotten out of the bath.*
Narration: *What exactly could have "bitten" her, then...?*
Makina: Aaah! That was one heckuva nice bath!
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *For some reason... it feels like all the pieces of the puzzle just fell into place...*
Makina: Oooh! Yer back, Onii-chan? Welcome home!!
Yuuji: Yeah, thanks...
Yuuji: ...Incidentally, Makina. I hate to question you the moment I walk in the door, but could you maybe tell something?
Makina: Woh? Wassup?
Yuuji: Have you... "bitten" anything recently?
Makina: Hrrrrm? I think I need a little while ta ponder th' reason you're askin' me this... It's kinduva weird question, ya know?
Yuuji: Just answer me. Did you or did you not bite something?
Makina: Did I... bite somethin'? Hmm, lessee... bitin', eh... yeah, I guess I did a bit of that just now...
Yuuji: And what did you bite, specifically?
Makina: Yumi-chan's boobies!!
Yuuji: ...So you're the rapist, huh...?
Narration: *I told the woman I'd avenge her, but I never suspected the perpetrator walked among us... To think such corruption was festering within our walls...*
Narration: *That said, Sakaki walked off without telling me anything. It's not my style to just let something like this slide, but...*
Yuuji: ...The victim seems to want to put the matter behind her, so I suppose I shouldn't kick up a fuss...
Makina: Hmm? Whatcha mumblin' about?
Yuuji: Never mind, it's nothing...
Makina: Look, what are you doin' out here, anyway? Didja already see Ama-nee? She's been waitin' fer you this whole time.
Yuuji: Ah, right... is Amane still in my room, then?
Makina: Yep, sure is. Why don'tcha go tell her yer home?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, sounds about right.
Narration: *Amane has to head back to her apartment at twenty-two hundred, so she's only got another hour here with me... Maybe I should apologize to her for getting back as late as I did...?*
Narration: *All right. If the first words out of her mouth are "You're late!" or something of that sort, I'll hang my head in shame.*
Narration: *And if she comes at me with the usual routine, I'll play along a little for once...*
Amane: "Welcome home, Yuuji.♪ Want dinner first!? Or a bath!? Or maybe... me!? Tee hee!♪"
Yuuji: "...Hrm. All of the above!"
Amane: "W-Whaaat!?"
Narration: *...Might be interesting to see if I can actually make love to Amane while simultaneously eating dinner in the bath.*
Narration: *All right then...*
Yuuji: I'm back, Amane. Sorry I'm late, I...
Amane: Welcome home, Yuuji!♪ Dinner and the bath can wait. Get over here and do me!
Yuuji: ...Whaaaaat!?
Narration: *...Damn. Didn't see that coming... she skipped right past the multiple-choice problem and threw herself on me like a dog demanding a walk from its master!*
Amane: C'mon, Yuuji! I'll microwave us some dinner later, so let's just get right to the fucking, okay? Please? *Pant* *Pant*...!
Yuuji: Okay... Calm down, Amane. Don't you at least want to hear how my test went?
Amane: You passed, didn't you?
Yuuji: W-Well, yeah...
Amane: Congratulations! Now let's have sex to celebrate.
Yuuji: ...Okay, look. What were you planning to do if I'd failed?
Amane: Hmm... I would've said "that's too bad" and offered you some consolation sex, I guess?
Yuuji: So we'd be fucking either way, huh...?
Amane: Well, it's your own fault. You took so long getting back that I sat around thinking about you for ages. It got me all horny.
Yuuji: Oh yeah? I guess it is my fault then...
Amane: That's right. You didn't even call to tell me you were gonna be late. I'm totally steamed!
Yuuji: Uh, sorry...
Amane: But you know what? Ah'm a very sweet and forgiving girl, so if you fuck me I'll let me off the hook.
Yuuji: Pushy as always... I was planning on having a serious conversation tonight, you know...
Amane: I've got something I want to talk about too. But that can wait until after the sex, right...? And by the way...
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Amane: ...Do pushy girls turn you off?
Yuuji: Well, I wouldn't say that...
Amane: Ehehe... Hey, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...Fine, fine...
Narration: *I was hoping she'd at least let me take a quick bath first, but that clearly isn't going to happen. Once Amane really gets going, she won't stop until she gets what she wants.*
Narration: *It's probably a result of the anxiety that's always smoldering somewhere deep inside her heart. By overwhelming herself with other emotions... by physically connecting with me... she can temporarily escape her loneliness and fear.*
Narration: *She can't allow herself to "run away" ever again. But sometimes, she wants to so badly that it drives her a little crazy.*
Narration: *I can't free Amane from her pain. *
Narration: *But I can accept her for who she is, flaws and all. For whatever that's worth.*
Narration: *When there's something I can do for her, I'll do it. That's what I want, and it's the right thing to do.*
Narration: *It's all logical enough.*
Narration: *But the thing about "logic" is... every once in a while, it can end up leading you right off the rails.*
Yuuji: ...Come here, Amane...
Amane: Woof!♪

Narration: *I hurriedly reach for the tissue box. As I do so, my dick slips out of Amane's ass with a ridiculous little plop.*
Amane: ...Aaahn...♪
Narration: *It's impossible to stay angry; the situation's too absurd. Hoisting Amane's limp body up in my arms, I set her down on a relatively dry section of the bed.*
Yuuji: ...Haah... good grief... you have one hell of a loose bladder, you know that?
Amane: Mmm... Sorry, Yuuji... I got your bed all dirty.
Yuuji: Don't worry about it... it's my own fault for taking things too far...
Amane: I'll change... the sheets and the mattress for you...
Yuuji: I'll do it... you're too tired to stand, right...? Here we go...
Narration: *Wrapping Amane up in a towel, I pick her gently up off the bed and set her down on the floor.*
Amane: Aha.♪ Look at you, treating me like a princess... that's kinda nice too...
Yuuji: Just sit there on the floor until I change the bed, all right?
Narration: *Opening the closet door, I grab some fresh sheets and a new mattress.*
Narration: *Fortunately, Amane washes the sheets regularly and dries them outside, so even my spare still smells pretty fresh.*
Amane: ...Hey, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: Hm? What's up?
Amane: ...You know... I'm feeling kind of happy right now...
Yuuji: Because I fucked you in the ass...?
Amane: ...Uh, no not that... *cough*... Uhm, you carried me off the bed like a princess, right?
Yuuji: Uh, sure. I guess I did...
Narration: *To be honest, I just didn't want her pissing on anything else... but I guess you could interpret it as a romantic gesture, if you wanted to.*
Amane: I've always been a pretty big girl, you know...? No one's really carried me in their arms before...
Yuuji: That a fact? I feel like I've carried you around a bunch of times...
Amane: That's the point... you're the only one who can carry me that easily, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Don't go letting other men carry you around, all right? If you need carrying, come to me. I'm always available.
Amane: ...Yeah... Uhm, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: Yes?
Amane: Why are you... always so sweet to me...?
Yuuji: ...I seem to remember treating you pretty roughly tonight... Did you want even more punishment?
Amane: That's not what I'm talking about... I mean, I'm the woman who ran away and abandoned Kazuki, you know?
Yuuji: What, this again...?
Amane: ...Yeah... I'm sorry to keep bringing this up... but I still can't quite understand it...
Amane: You know... I called up a friend I knew from Kyoto... and told her I had a boyfriend now...
Amane: But when I told her you were related to someone who died in that accident... she said I should break it off...
Amane: She told me... a man who'd date a woman involved in his sister's death couldn't be normal... that I'd definitely regret this somewhere down the line...
Yuuji: ...Hrm... sounds like a reasonable argument.
Amane: And you know... when I thought it over again, it did seem kinda weird... I started to feel like... this really isn't normal...
Yuuji: I see... So that's why you've been looking a little pained when I talk about marriage... 
Amane: Why did you forgive me, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: Haven't we been over this? I didn't "forgive" you. Come here, Amane.
Amane: ...Huh? What?
Yuuji: I'm done replacing the bedding. Can you stand up?
Amane: ...Nope...
Yuuji: All right, I'll carry you again... here we go...
Amane: Okay...
Yuuji: ...All right. Uh, where was I?
Amane: Well, I was trying to ask... if you really don't mind being with me...
Yuuji: Of course I "don't mind." I'm with you right now, aren't I...?
Amane: But why is that...? I left Kazuki for dead, you know...
Yuuji: Hrm... can't say I have a clear answer to that. Is "I'm in love with you" not good enough...?
Amane: I'm happy to hear it... but I'm not sure that's enough for me, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Hrm... all right, let's see. Why am I all right being with the woman who abandoned my sister...?
Yuuji: This might seem kind of simplistic, but... it's just the way I am. Up until now, I've seen a lot of things "normal" people haven't...
Yuuji: I saw people I called friends die many times... and no matter how sad or angry that made me, they never came back to life...
Yuuji: The same applies to Kazuki, of course... Blaming you sure as hell isn't going to bring her back.
Yuuji: I guess that might sound kind of cold... but like I said, I'm not an ordinary person...
Yuuji: Next time someone tells you something like that, you can tell them "it might sound strange, but my boyfriend's not exactly normal himself."
Yuuji: Actually, you know what... I think you need to introduce me to this "Kyoto friend" of yours at some point...
Yuuji: I'm sure she'll understand what kind of person I am once she actually meets me...
Yuuji: And I need to give her a piece of my mind as well. Nobody gets to bully you, Amane... except me, of course.
Amane: ...Guh...
Yuuji: ...Amane...?
Amane: ...Guuuhuh...
Yuuji: Uh, Amane? What's wrong?
Amane: *Sob*... Yuuuujiii... hic... hic... waaaaaah...
Yuuji: Hey... hold on! Why are you crying!?
Amane: Bwaaaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *―Women scare me sometimes.*
Narration: *Every once in a while, they'll abruptly burst into tears for reasons I can't begin to understand.*
Narration: *Mostly ignoring my panicked attempts to comfort her, Amane continues to bawl like a child for a good ten minutes...*
Amane: ...Okay, I tired myself out...
Narration: *...and then stops as quickly as she began. I seriously don't get it.*
Amane: ...Whoops, is it this late already? Guess I need to get going...
Yuuji: Yeah, I did get back late tonight... Sorry we didn't get to spend much time together...
Amane: Well, you're taking those exams for my sake, right? I can't exactly blame you.
Amane: Also, it's not like I was just twiddling my thumbs while I waited...
Yuuji: Ah. That again...?
Amane: Yep. Exactly.
Narration: *Recently, Amane's been writing letters to Kazuki.*
Narration: *Of course, it's not like she's actually mailing them out.*
Narration: *There aren't any postal services that deliver to the dead, and even if Kazuki is alive, we don't have any way of knowing her whereabouts.*
Narration: *In other words, they're purely for Amane's own benefit. The letters she writes to Kazuki are something like a personal diary; it's basically an attempt at self-consolation.*
Narration: *I can't exactly say I'm happy about her dwelling on the past like this, but... It seems to help her feel better, so I've been keeping those thoughts to myself.*
Yuuji: ...It's almost seven years now, huh...
Amane: Yep... that's right... If Kazuki were alive now, and knew about our relationship... I wonder what she'd say...?
Yuuji: Hmm, well... Kazuki used to be pretty nosy about my friendships, especially with girls... Sometimes she'd even scare them off behind my back...
Yuuji: But it's you we're talking about, so I think she'd be happy for us...
Amane: ...Hmmm... I dunno about that. Kazuki's brother complex was so extreme it kinda scared me sometimes... I could see a "You homewrecker!" scenario, honestly...
Yuuji: I don't think that's likely. And if she did get angry, I'd stand up for you...
Yuuji: And anyway... if Kazuki was going to be upset about anything, I think my line of work would be first on the list...
Narration: *A job's a job, I suppose... but when you can't even tell people what you do for your money, it's hard to pretend you're making an honest living.*
Amane: But if you keep rising up the ranks, your job won't be so "shady" anymore, right?
Yuuji: Yeah, I suppose... I did manage to pass that exam. Means I'll be attending a specialized school after I graduate from Mihama next year... but the company's going to keep paying my salary, so we should be all right.
Amane: You don't have to worry so much about the money, you know...
Yuuji: You're my woman now, and I'm going to keep you fed. That's not negotiable.
Amane: Yeah, got it. Go ahead and work your butt off for me. Just try not to kill yourself, okay?
Yuuji: Right. Duly noted...
Amane: Okay then, I'm gonna get going. I'll come by tomorrow morning with your lunch.
Yuuji: Want me to walk you back to your apartment?
Amane: Nah, that's okay. It's real close.
Yuuji: Let me come anyway. I want a little more time with you.
Amane: Heheh, geez... Well, if you insist.♪ You have to hold my hand, though.
Yuuji: Well, it's already dark out, so that shouldn't be a problem. You're getting my left hand, though.
Amane: Okay! Thanks.♪
Narration: *―If walking along hand in hand is enough to put her in a good mood, I'll do it any time.*
Narration: *It might sound trivial, but even the smallest things add up over time.*
Narration: *My childhood wasn't exactly what you'd call "fun," for the most part... But even now, I remember walking down the street at twilight, holding my sister's hand, with our shadows stretching out behind us.*
Narration: *No matter how insignificant they seem at first, small moments like those are the stuff "happiness" is ultimately made of. And since I'm aware of that, I don't mind just strolling along like this with Amane.*
Narration: *I don't think my left hand will ever forget this warmth...*
Narration: *Any more than my right hand will forget how it feels to touch the trigger of a gun.*
Michiru: ...So how did it turn out in the end, anyway?
Sachi: ...Ah, yes. In the end, Mr. Bear stuffed his stomach full of salmon, then wiped his greasy mouth clean on a bunny rabbit... and they all lived happily ever after.
Michiru: Uh, that's not what I'm talking about! I'm asking you what happened with Yuuji and Amane, okay!? Where did this Mr. Bear come from, anyway!? What the heck is wrong with you, Sachi!?
Sachi: ...Well, I couldn't quite understand what you were going on about, Michiru-sama... so I thought to lighten the mood with a little American-style humor...
Michiru: ...Excuse me!? We were just wondering how Yuuji's doing now that he graduated from Mihama, right!?
Michiru: So when I said "how did it turn out," of course I was talking about him and Amane! Like, obviously!!
Sachi: Ah, yes, my apologies. I suppose I wasn't paying much attention to the conversation, as it's rather rare for you to say anything genuinely worth responding to...
Michiru: Sachiii? You're being more and more openly rude to me these days, you know that? And how is that an "American joke," anyway!?
Sachi: Ah, well, I hadn't gotten to the actual punchline yet... "Hey, George. That wasn't a bear you saw in my garden... it was my wife!" Gets them every time, I understand...
Michiru: What the heeeell!? Who's going to laugh at that!?
Sachi: Well, it's an American joke, so I believe... mostly Americans?
Michiru: ...Look, Sachi. I know I'm a blonde, but I'm still Japanese, okay?
Sachi: Ah, yes. In that case, perhaps a classic Japanese joke featuring Masao-kun and his 50 yen...
Michiru: Okay, listen! I wasn't asking for more jokes, okay!? Aargh, geez!! Why is this not getting through to you!?
Michiru: And now I'm ticked off at myself for actually wanting to hear this "50 yen" joke!! Kiiiii!!
Sachi: Masao-kun has fifty yen in his pocket. How do you like that?
Michiru: Huh!? Are you serious!? What is this, a quiz!? That's barely even a question!
Sachi: ...Haa... I'm profoundly disappointed in you, Michiru-sama... Maki-chan would doubtless have found the answer in the blink of an eye, but you truly are hopeless... *Sigh*...
Michiru: Oh, come oooon!! Do you have to act like that just because I couldn't figure out one completely ridiculous problem!?
Sachi: ...Maki-chan... please come home soon... I'm tired of looking after this bottle-blonde by myself...
Michiru: Whaaaaat!? Seriously!? Why are you talking about me like I'm some rambunctious toddler!?
Sachi: ...Sakaki-san's already graduated... so has Kazami-san... and yet...
Michiru: Yeah, yeah! Okay! I got held back a year! I admit it, I'm the Queen of Failing Grades!
Michiru: But you know what!? There's a reason for that! Uhm... if I'd graduated, it would just be you and Makina here, right!?
Michiru: S-So, I failed my classes on purpose! Just so I could stay with you guys!! Understand!?
Sachi: ...What a kind young lady you are!!
Michiru: I know, right!? Y-You better show me some gratitude!!
Sachi: ...Indeed. Whatever the truth of the matter may be, when I learned that you would not be leaving this academy, I must admit my heart was gladdened...
Sachi: ...For all my complaints... I truly do love you, Michiru-sama...
Michiru: S-Sachi... that's...
Sachi: ...How many points?
Michiru: ...What?
Sachi: That was my latest "tsundere" act.
Sachi: After repeatedly insulting your intelligence, I finished off with a gentle show of affection... I think it was a respectable effort myself, but as you're an acknowledged opinion leader in the tsundere industry, I'd like to hear your score.
Michiru: Aaaagh!! Graaaah!! I want to be furious, but I just can't! That's the tsundere magic, all right! 100 points! 100 points!!
Sachi: ...Well, there's no one here to stop us, so let's cut off our little comedy routine now. I wonder why Maki-chan's so late, anyway...?
Michiru: Oh... uhm, right. Where was she going today...?
Sachi: Ah, Professor Grandpa took her to a pottery workshop in Shizuoka, where she'll be learning various techniques for sculpting by hand. I believe she said they would be back sometime this afternoon...
Michiru: ...Well, they're in Professor Grandpa's car, right? Withered-leaf sticker and all? They probably creeped along until they got caught in traffic or something.
Sachi: That's not a "withered leaf"! It's an abstract symbol that indicates a senior citizen is behind the wheel! Please refrain from making jokes that might be considered insensitive in the context of our rapidly aging society.
Michiru: I-It's not like I was making fun of him or anything! Driving safely is definitely the way to go, right!? Amane could learn a thing or two from him!
Michiru: Oh, right, that reminds me! Amane! That was my first question! What happened with Yuuji and Amane!? How did we get so off-track, anyway!?
Sachi: Amane-san is still residing with her parents in Kyoto, training in preparation for her marriage. She just sent us summer postcards the other day, didn't she...?
Michiru: ...Huh? I didn't get anything like that...
Sachi: ......
Michiru: Hey! What's with the "ooh, perhaps I shouldn't have mentioned that" face!?
Sachi: Uhm... well... Kazami-san's currently on assignment at his company's Shizuoka branch, apparently helping to train their next generation of employees. However, I believe he'll be returning here for a visit fairly soon...?
Michiru: What the heck! If you know what they're doing right now, couldn't you have told me before!? Why did you start babbling about bears and bunny rabbits!?
Sachi: I do apologize... I'm not quite sure what you're talking about, Michiru-sama...
Michiru: Why not!?! Figure it out! And why do you know all this, anyway!?
Sachi: ...Ah... well, Kazami-san and Amane-san have been living apart for quite some time now, so I thought he might be starting to yearn for the comfort of my lips.
Sachi: Accordingly, I called his cell phone the other day, and heard all this from the man himself.
Michiru: Excuse meeee!? Are you serious!? Your lips...!? Whaaaat!?!
Narration: *...Well, putting aside the fact that our old friends were basically gossiping about us behind my back for a while there...*
Narration: *When Yuuji's hectic schedule finally settled down a little, we tied the knot officially, and my name changed from "Suou Amane" to "Kazami Amane."*
Narration: *To be honest, having a new surname felt a little strange at first.*
Clerk: "Kazami-saaan? Kazami Amane-saaan...?"
Amane: "Hm! Ah! That's me! Yeeees!"
Narration: *When I went to pick up some form from a government office, the sound of a clerk calling my own name would remind me of Kazuki... And when packages were delivered to our home, I kept thinking "oh, right" every time I signed the receipt.*
Narration: *But little by little, I started to get used to it... and by the time it sunk in completely, I was lucky enough to become a mother.*
Yuuji: ...Nice job, Amane. You really hung in there.
Amane: Yep... but she actually popped out pretty easily, you know? Guess those big hips of mine come in handy sometimes...
Yuuji: ...So this is our child... Aah... dammit, she's too cute...
Makina: ...Hrrrm... this baby's got some kinda grumpy-lookin' eyes, though... Guess she got those from Onii-chan, huh?
Yuuji: Really...? I think she's just sleepy, honestly...
Amane: You know, those drowsy little eyes actually remind me more of Kazuki... How cute...
Makina: Hmmm... I wanna try holdin' her, but her neck's still weak, right? It's kinda scary...
Amane: Aw, it's fine. Here... just support her like this, see?
Makina: Uwhoah!? This kid's all squishy an' soft! Aren't there any bones in there!?
Yuuji: Well, they just took her out of the incubator, you know.
Baby: ..Ah... aaah...
Makina: Fwaah! Did ya hear that, people!? She called me "Mama"! Is this my baby!?
Yuuji: No. It most definitely isn't.
Makina: Susan!!
Yuuji: Don't give her any weird names, thanks...
Amane: Why Susan, anyway...?
Makina: Welp, never mind that. I really don't wanna be droppin' her, so I'm gonna give her back to ya now.
Yuuji: Incidentally, did you hear anything from the others?
Makina: Chiruchiru and Sacchin said they'll come by later! An' Yumi-chan's real busy lately, but she told me she'll stop by tomorrow afternoon!
Yuuji: I see... What's Sakaki up to these days, anyway?
Makina: Welp, I'm not too clear on the details... but Mihama Academy's about ta run out of students, so it sounds like she's runnin' around tryin' to find some new kids to enroll.
Amane: No kidding...? Well, I guess you're the only one who's still there these days... Can't really say it's functioning as a school at this point...
Makina: Fer the moment, Yumi-chan's workin' her butt off tryin' to get a class of about 250 people for, like, the year after next.
Yuuji: ...Can't say I want to see Mihama disappear. Hopefully Sakaki pulls it off.
Makina: But enough of all that! Why don't we take a photo to mark th' occasion? You guys can send out "We had a baby!" postcards like a pair of oversharin' doofuses!
Amane: Yeah, sounds good. Let's do that!
Yuuji: Also, a postcard isn't exactly "oversharing." That's just basic etiquette, kid...
Makina: Okay then, I'll take th' shot! Say "mayonnaise"!♪
Amane: ...Oh, wait! Did I close my eyes just now!?
Yuuji: Why mayonnaise, anyway...?
Makina: Don't sweat th' small stuff! Look, it came out just fine, right? I'll tweak it a little for ya and get some postcards printed.
Yuuji: ...Right...
Narration: *―Dear Kazami Kazuki...*
Narration: *It's been quite some time since I wrote to inform you of my marriage, but I've now become a mother as well.*
Narration: *Our child is an adorable girl with sleepy eyes who weighed 3112 grams at birth.*
Narration: *We named her Yuuki, written as "a princess with gentle wings."*
Narration: *Regardless of the fact that I gave birth to a daughter, Yuuji advocated for the "manly" and "spirited" name Yuuki, using the characters for "bravery"...*
Narration: *But I'm more concerned with raising a kind daughter than a courageous one, so that suggestion was vetoed instantly.*
Narration: *After a long and tumultous debate involving my parents, we eventually decided on a spelling that suggested an angel's wings, while also borrowing the "princess" from your name.*
Narration: *I want her to grow up kind... clever... and strong enough to endure any hardship. Maybe that's a tall order, but we're going do our best to raise her well.*
Narration: *I guess you'd be an aunt now, if you were still alive.*
Narration: *If you really are out there somewhere... I'd be very happy if you came by to hold my baby in your arms, at least once... but maybe that's too much to ask...?*
Narration: *At any rate, we're doing just fine.*
Narration: *That's all for today. ―From Kazami Yuuji and Amane.*
Narration: *...My old habit's kicked in yet again. I wrote another letter to Kazuki.*
Narration: *Of course, I can't put down her address. The only thing I've written on that part of the postcard is the name "Kazami Kazuki."*
Narration: *I've actually written and posted a few letters to her, informing her of our marriage, and keeping her up to date on my life.*
Narration: *I'm well aware that a letter with no address will usually just end up being returned to its sender, but there was something slightly comforting about dropping them into the postbox.*
Narration: *Strangely enough, none of the letters or cards I sent Kazuki actually found their way back to me.*
Narration: *It might just be that they're getting misplaced or lost in the mail, of course.*
Narration: *But personally, I can't help feeling that Kazuki's reading every single one... wherever she is.*
Makina: Ama-neeee? Have you finished writin' up all th' new-baby postcards?
Amane: Uh, yeah, I'm all done.
Makina: Hokay then. I was just about ta go out to the convenience store, so I'll drop 'em off in the postbox for ya.
Amane: Oh, really? Thanks, I appreciate it.
Makina: Ouiii! See ya later!
Narration: *―Of course, one of those postcards isn't properly addressed.*
Narration: *But if it somehow finds its way to Kazuki in heaven, I wouldn't really be surprised.*
Narration: *After all, it is THE Kazami Kazuki we're talking about here.*
Narration: *She always could make the most absurd of "miracles" seem perfectly plausible, somehow. And I'm sure that still hasn't changed.*
Narration: *...Kazuki, if you really are alive... where are you, and what are you doing...?*
Narration: *Am I ever going to see you again...?*
Narration: *If I spoke these words out loud, Yuuji would probably scold me for dwelling on the past again.*
Narration: *But I'm not giving up. If I keep on believing... if I keep on praying... I think I'll see you again someday.*
Narration: *So... I'm not going to say goodbye.*
Narration: *―I'll keep you updated on how things are going, so just sit tight and wait for my next letter.*
Narration: *Okay, Kazuki...?*

Narration: *I really am "pushy" about this stuff, aren't I...? But it's always been this way. The very first time I slept with Yuuji, I practically forced him into it.*
Narration: *Back then, I was more caught up on the idea of punishing myself. I saw having sex with him as a form of "atonement," I guess.*
Narration: *I thought letting Kazuki's brother force himself on me might change something.*
Narration: *Young guys like him usually want to stick their dicks in anything they can. I'd offer him a convenient outlet for his lust. Simple enough, right?*
Narration: *There was something almost poetic about a pathetic sinner trying to "redeem" herself by offering her body to a man. I thought some physical suffering might be a nice change of pace.*
Narration: *...But after we actually did the deed, I found myself a bit surprised.*
Narration: *"Huh. That wasn't half bad, was it?"*
Narration: *It was kind of anti-climactic, in a way, but also a bit of a relief. Sort of like that feeling you get when a trip to the dentist doesn't involve as much pain as you expected. Like... "maybe I shouldn't have put this off so long," almost? *
Narration: *It's not that I just love having sex or anything, though. Really.*
Yuuji: ...Well, we got it on you, but... I'm not sure this thing even qualifies as 'clothing'...
Amane: Hash hisha ha hoint, ha wao!? (Translation: That's kinda the point, ya know!?)
Yuuji: I have no idea what you're saying with that ball in your mouth. You're just spewing spit all over the place...
Amane:  Oh mah! Hish sh wai hehhr han I hoh... Ahm hehhn hpher hohy!! (Oh man! This is even better than I thought...Ah'm getting super horny!!)
Yuuji: I don't really get it, but at least you sound happy...
Narration: *I'm sure you're well aware by now, but I'm the kind of girl who gets wet when she's treated roughly. In other words... a hopelessly hardcore masochist.*
Narration: *Once, back when I was in elementary school, I got into some stupid argument with my parents and ran out of the house. I ended up spending the night at a nearby park.*
Narration: *By the next morning I'd gotten pretty darn hungry, and started wandering around the neighborhood trying to sneak a look at my house. That's when my dad found me... and he slapped me hard in the face, right then and there.*
Narration: *It hurt so bad I thought he'd smacked my head right off. But the pain and shock didn't really register at first; I was too scared by the anger on his face.*
Narration: *I seriously thought he might kill me.*
Narration: *But even though he was obviously furious, there were also tears in his eyes... so all I could really do was apologize.*
Narration: *"Sorry."*
Narration: *I couldn't think of anything else to say. I didn't cry or anything.*
Narration: *Instead of shedding tears, well... it's a bit embarrassing, but I kind of pissed myself.*
Narration: *By the time I'd noticed what had happened, the warm urine had already trailed down my thighs, past my ankles, and formed a dark puddle on the ground. I tried to stop the stream, but it just kept coming.*
Narration: *Finally giving up, I relaxed my muscles and let it all come out. And as the piss rushed down my legs, tears welled up in my eyes.*
Narration: *I was so scared.*
Narration: *I was scared of my dad's raw emotions. I was scared of his aggressive masculinity.*
Narration: *But at the same time... I realized how much he loved me, and how much he needed me. And I felt a weird little shiver run down my spine.*
Narration: *To be honest, I think I came a little.*
Narration: *Being slapped by my father sort of set off my sexual awakening. In retrospect, I was a pretty fucked-up kid.*
Yuuji: ...Ready to have some fun, Amane?
Amane: ...Fuguu...
Narration: *Oh man.*
Narration: *I knew it was coming, but... being restrained like this really is pretty humiliating. As in, embarrassing!*
Narration: *C-Can he see everything? He totally can, can't he? Everything from my pussy to my asshole is totally exposed!*
Narration: *I mean, it's not like he hasn't seen a lot of them already... and jammed all sorts of stuff into them... but this is different! It's totally different when I can't even move!*
Narration: *Normally, I'm the one choosing to let him see. But right now, I couldn't cover up if I wanted to...*
Narration: *Heck, I can't even squirm around enough to move my private parts out of his line of sight. It feels totally different!*
Narration: *Aaaagh, I'm totally exposed... my lower lips are trembling a little, aren't they? And he's staring right at them!*
Narration: *Holy crap! This is so embarrassing! My face must be bright red right now... and I can't even hide that! T-This is... friggin' awesome!*
Amane: Uuuuuu....!!
Narration: *I can't believe it... I think I'm gonna come just from being stared at! There's all this... hot liquid oozing down inside me...*
Yuuji: ...Hrm... considering all the sex we've had, your pussy's still really nice looking...
Narration: *Well, duh... I take damn good care of it, you know...?*
Narration: *I clean it out thoroughly every time I take a shower, so it's always ready for you to fuck... and I make sure it doesn't get discolored or anything, either...*
Yuuji: Now then, let's see here...
Amane: ...Guuh!
Narration: *Hey... wait... d-don't just peel the hood of my clit all of a sudden!*
Narration: *Aren't you, like... supposed to gently caress it and stuff first? C'mon!*
Narration: *But then again, getting right down to business is kinda hot too!*
Yuuji: I'm going to stick a finger in you...
Amane: Mmm...! Guuuh! Kuhuu!
Narration: *Holy crap! Going right in without any foreplay!? This is pretty intense! I mean... whoah! Gwaah! Being totally helpless is... amazing! He's seriously treating me like his plaything!*
Narration: *Ah... yeah... right now, I'm basically just a sex toy, aren't I...? A helpless little fuckhole...*
Narration: *He's gonna churn me up with his finger, then push his cock into me, and then come inside me without a second thought. Whooooa...*
Narration: *...Just imagining it is getting me all wet... holy shit...*
Yuuji: Damn, you're ridiculously wet... Want me to get you off right now, just for starters?
Amane: ...Mmmm?
Narration: *Nah, don't worry about me. You can put it in right now if you want.*
Narration: *Actually... please do? Like, seriously. My pussy's ready and waiting...*
Narration: *I'd really appreciate it if you jammed your big hard cock into me, shoved the head right up against my womb, and then pumped it full of come... if you'd be so kind...?*
Yuuji: Was that a yes? All right then. I'll get you off with my finger.
Amane: Roooooooo!!
Narration: *Hey! That is NOT what I said! I want your cock! Did you not get the memo!?*
Yuuji: ...Heh...
Amane: Fmwah!?
Narration: *Hey...did you just smirk at me...?*
Narration: *Wait? Don't tell me... you... you know what I want!? And you're teasing me on purpose!? This is bullying, you know!? *
Yuuji: Fuhahaha!
Amane: Hwoh!?
Narration: *And now you're laughing!? You're totally enjoying this, aren't you!? Why, you little...!!*
Yuuji: Hey Amane... you like it when I tease you here, don't you?
Amane: Nuuh!! Mmmm!! Mmmmmmmm!!
Narration: *Oh. Damn, that's good...*
Narration: *Oh god, I love it when you rub the back of my clit like that... oooh!*
Narration: *But, uh... you know...*
Narration: *Not to be spoiled or anything, but could you maybe do the front with your thumb at the same time? That's what really gets me going, so... if you wouldn't mind...?*
Yuuji: I'll get to that a bit later...
Narration: *Oh. Later, is it? Well, I'll be looking forward to it then.*
Narration: *...Wait a second. How do you know what I'm thinking? Are you psychic? Do you have telepathic powers?*
Narration: *Well, that's right... you are Kazuki's little brother. I guess it's not too surprising that you can read my mind...*
Yuuji: But for now... how about we just do a bit of this...?
Amane: Mmmm... Fwa... Mmmm...!
Narration: *Anyway... these slow, gentle caresses aren't too bad either. My whole lower body feels kinda warm and fluffy... it's actually making me a little sleepy...*
Yuuji: ...And now that you've let your guard down...
Amane: Nwooh!? Mmmm!! Mmmm!!!?
Narration: *Just as my eyes start to droop, you go for my clit? You saw it twitching and decided it wanted some attention, huh? Well, well. you're certainly aggressive today, aren't you?*
Narration: *But seriously, though... the guy's figured out all my weak points, hasn't he...? He knows I can't put up much of a fight once he gets my clit erect...*
Narration: *Man, this is so embarrassing... even my nipples are all stiff now...*
Narration: *But c'mon... he started off by holding back so I'd be left wanting more, then went all in out of nowhere. Of course I'm gonna be twitching like crazy!*
Amane: Nhooooh! Oooooh! Mhoooo!
Yuuji: All right, no more holding back.
Amane: Nhoooooooh!!
Narration: *No, wait, not there! Don't rub my clit and bladder at the same time! I'm gonna come! Oh god, you're going too hard! I'm seriously gonna come!!*
Narration: *I'm coming! Coming!! Totally coming!! Nhoo! I'm gonna make a mess on the bed!! Shtooop!!*
Amane: Ooooooooooh!!! Nhooooooooh!!
Yuuji: ...Heh... too easy. Your bladder's almost as loose as your morals, woman...
Amane: Uuuuu!
Narration: *He dissed me! He dissed me for pissing!! S-So embarrassing!!*
Yuuji: ...Not that I'm complaining, of course...
Amane: Mmmmm!!
Narration: *Wait... did he just go "dere" on me!?! What is this guy, a dissdere!? That's a new one!*
Yuuji: Go on, let it all out... piss to your heart's content, little miss bedwetter...
Amane: Nwooh! Whoa! Nwowowoh!
Narration: *Hey, wait... Stop rubbing my bladder through my pussy!! It's all coming out... I can't stop pissing!! Aaaah... Aaaaaaaaaaahh... Aaaah...*
Yuuji: ...Still had more in there, huh...? Okay then... finally get it out of your system? We done now?
Amane: Fweeeeeehn...
Narration: *Oh god... This is so embarrassing... and now he's rubbing my urethra, for crying out loud!*
Narration: *Ah... screw it... I don't give a damn anymore. I'm too exhausted to care... god, the sheets are all cold and wet now... talk about gross...*
Yuuji: How was that, Amane? Did you come?
Amane: ...Heah... I hame...
Narration: *Yeah, I sure did...*
Narration: *How the heck is Yuuji so damn good at this, anyway...?*
Narration: *Is it because of Kazuki's "lessons?"*
Narration: *Even after I'm done coming, he keeps slowly moving his finger around inside my pussy... man... it feels so good...*
Narration: *I sorta want to just lay down and fall asleep right now, but... waking up in a piss-soaked bed would definitely suck.*
Narration: *And more importantly, Yuuji hasn't even gotten off once yet... No way I can sleep until he's satisfied...*
Amane: ...Hey... Yuuhi... hoo he?
Yuuji: Hm? What was that?
Amane: Nho...
Narration: *Not being able to speak sure is inconvenient...*
Narration: *It's nice of you to keep playing with me even after I came, but... isn't it about time you stuck your dick in me? That's all I'm trying to get across here...*
Amane: Rhay...?
Yuuji: Ray? Like stingray? You in the mood for seafood?
Amane: ...Ngho!!
Narration: *...He's... totally just playing dumb, isn't he?*
Narration: *Fine! I guess I'll just have to show him what I want with my body! Uryaah! How bout that!?*
Amane: Mmmm... Nfwah... Mmmm... Aaah... Mmmm...
Yuuji: Hmm? What's up? You're wriggling your hips back and forth... It's almost like you want me to put something in there.
Amane: Hes hes! Hash ish! Huh ih in...!
Yuuji: *Snort*... You're too cute, Amane...
Amane: ...Ah...
Narration: *Huh? I'm cute? Really? Ehehe...*
Narration: *...Wait, should I really be happy about that? I'm squirming my hips around like an idiot, and he's calling that "cute"...?*
Narration: *Oh, whatever! Just stick it in already!!*
Amane: Shih ih in!
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah, I know. You don't have to spray spit all over the place... I'm gonna put it in, all right?
Amane: Heah!
Narration: *Oh man, I've been waiting for this...♪ C'mon, c'mon... Mmmm...♪*
Yuuji: ...There we go...
Amane: ...Hweh?
Narration: *Wait, wait, wait. Umm... hold on there, Mr. Kazami. Just one second. Isn't that the wrong hole?*
Narration: *That's my asshole, if I'm not very much mistaken. Might you have mixed them up? Maybe take a second look, just to be on the safe side?*
Amane: Nhooo!? Ooooooh!?
Yuuji: Ah, don't worry about it. I didn't make a mistake or anything. We're starting here first...
Amane: Nwooh!?
Narration: *Whaaaaat!?*
Narration: *Weren't you listening!? Uhm, I was asking for it in my pussy, you know? Was I not clear enough? Is that the problem here!?!*
Amane: Nguuuh! Higii!
Yuuji: Hm... finally in...
Narration: *Wait, ah... oh, give me a break...*
Narration: *I mean, sure, I don't hate taking it in the butt or anything. In fact, I kind of enjoy it.*
Narration: *But seriously... you made me come like crazy a minute ago, and my pussy's sopping wet. Why would you go for my ass right now!?*
Narration: *Gah. It's still kinda weird having something so huge pushing up inside my butt...*
Narration: *Oh... Yuuji's dick is pretty warm... I can totally feel the shape of it...*
Narration: *Is it just me, or are you even harder than usual...? Does it feel that good...?*
Amane: ...Hoo hihke hah?
Yuuji: Yeah... it feels like your ass is squeezing down on me super hard...
Narration: *Oh really? Then how about this?*
Amane: Nguuh...
Yuuji: ...Uuu!
Narration: *Ooh. So you DO like it when I clench my ass like that?*
Narration: *All right then, have some more... Take that! And that!*
Amane: Mmm... Mmmm... Nfwah... Mmmm... Mmmm... 
Yuuji: Ah... kuh...
Narration: *Ahaha, listen to Yuuji groan... I love it when he does that. It sorta reminds me of the way a superhero grunts when they're in trouble... for some reason, that really turns me on...*
Amane: ...G-Guuuuu!!
Narration: *This is so weird... I really wanted it in my pussy, but when he pushes it up into my ass, I can't help moaning...*
Narration: *I guess... it's something about how weird it feels to have something moving in there, and how nice it feels when he pulls back...*
Narration: *You're supposed to push stuff out of that hole, not to shove stuff into it... there's nothing "natural" about having someone force their penis into it... *
Narration: *But I guess that's part of why it feels so good. He's using my body however he pleases, and that seriously turns me on.*
Narration: *Of course, that's only because the man who's toying with me is someone I love from the bottom of my heart...*
Narration: *So while I do feel embarrassed at how depraved I've become, I'm also a little proud of myself for going this far.*
Narration: *Maybe the key to good anal sex is more psychological pleasure, rather than physical ecstasy... or so I think to myself, lying helplessly on the bed with a cock up my ass.*
Yuuji: ...Mmm... you're pretty tight, as always...
Narration: *For a moment, Yuuji stops thrusting. Grabbing a nearby bottle of lotion, he starts lubricating my asshole.*
Amane: ...Nfwah... ish cohd...
Narration: *My ass must have warmed up quite a bit... that lotion feels really cold.*
Narration: *It's slimy, too. I can feel it spreading out inside me... it's almost like he's pushing it up into my guts...*
Narration: *Ah... man, this is weird. It doesn't exactly feel pleasant... in fact, it's kinda gross. But that's actually kinda nice, somehow...? Hmm...*
Amane: ...Uuuu...
Narration: *That isn't a moan of pleasure. More the opposite, really. He really is treating me like a fucktoy now.*
Narration: *Still... if he's enjoying my ass, then he can use it as long as he wants...*
Narration: *Right now, I'm just a pathetic sex doll, lying here helplessly as he jams his cock into my ass. And for some reason, that thought just makes my heart beat faster.*
Narration: *Furrowing his brows, Yuuji thrusts into me again and again. I want to wrap my arms around him and hold him close, but right now, I can't even move.*
Narration: *Somehow, even that feels kind of exciting.*
Narration: *Hey, Yuuji... are you enjoying this? You are, right?*
Narration: *Go ahead and come, then...*
Narration: *Pour all of your white stuff... right into my ass...*
Narration: *Last time you came in there, I spent some time groaning on the toilet afterwards... but if this is what you want, then...*
Amane: Hum!! (Come!!)
Yuuji: ...Coming! Guh...!!
Amane: Nwooooooohn!
Narration: *Ah... he really did come... his cock swelled up inside me... and pumped my ass full of come...*
Yuuji: # **...Kuh!**
Narration: *Hm? Not done yet...? Go on. Let it all out...*
Narration: *Here, I'll wring it out with my ass for you... like this...*
Yuuji: A-Amane...!
Narration: *Aha.♪ There we go... wow, that's a lot... Did you like it that much?*
Narration: *Don't pull out just yet, okay? Just sit tight inside me until you've let out every last drop...*
Yuuji: ...Mmmm... Haaah...
Narration: *Oh. Are you pulling out already...?*
Narration: *Uh, wait a minute.*
Narration: *It's gonna spill out if you do that now...*
Narration: *Not that I can do much about that...*
Yuuji: ...Haah...
Narration: *Oh wow... my butt's making a really weird noise. Talk about embarrassing... geez...*
Narration: *...Mmmm... agh... I need to clench my ass, or... all that come you finally pumped into me... might just spill out...*
Amane: ...Nmhoo...
Narration: *Aw man... clenching my ass just pushed it all out... what a waste...*
Amane: ...Mmmm... Yuuhi...
Narration: *Hey, Yuuji... You're good for another round, right...?*
Narration: *I want it in my pussy this time...*
Narration: *C'mon... please...?*
Yuuji: ...All right. Sorry for the wait, Amane...
Amane: Nwooh!
Narration: *Ooooh! You're finally gonna do it!?*
Narration: *Finally! Hurry it up! I want it in my pussy right friggin' now!*
Yuuji: Just give me a second, okay...?
Amane: ...Huh?
Narration: *What're you doing? Oh, right... putting on a condom, huh?*
Narration: *Aha. Well, of course you are! Can't have me getting knocked up, right?*
Narration: *Oh, and it wouldn't be sanitary to stick it in my pussy right after fucking my ass!*
Narration: *...Come to think of it... we've been doing it raw lately, so it's actually been a long time since we used a rubber...*
Narration: *Well, whatever. Just hurry it up and stick it in!*
Yuuji: ...All right, I'm putting it in...
Narration: *...Nice. Now, you better not put it in my butt this time, buster... hehe...*
Narration: *Uh, wait a second. Yuuji might just be mean enough to actually do that...*
Yuuji: ...Mmm...
Amane: Hauhhng♪
Narration: *Aah... mmmm! Aah... haah, it's finally in... finally...!*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Amane... can you loosen up a little...? You don't need to be scared, you know.
Amane: ...Fwa... mm... ghh?
Yuuji: You know... so I can go deeper?
Amane: ...Hnn!? Mmmm!? Mmmmm!!
Narration: *Wha... no way... what's going on...? Don't... push down into me like that... it's going all the way inside...!*
Yuuji: Just a bit more... I can get it in a bit deeper. C'mon, Amane...
Amane: Hnguu! Mmmm! Mmmmmmmmnngh!!
Narration: *Ow! Wait...! It hurts, Yuuji... you're pushing it in too deep...!*
Yuuji: ...Does that hurt? Sorry. Just bear with it a little longer...
Amane: Nhiih...!
Amane: ...Akaah...!!
Narration: *Wait... huh? This... feels kinda different... from how it usually does...*
Narration: *What's the deal...? It's not like he's bigger or harder than normal... Huh? Could it be that... the problem's... on my end...? Is it because... he kept me waiting for so long...?*
Narration: *Hold on... is Yuuji... getting bigger inside me...!? Aah... aaaaaaah! *
Yuuji: Not yet, Amane... there's still a bit more to go...
Amane: Nmoo!?
Narration: *No way! You can't go any deeper... M-My pussy's... already full...!*
Yuuji: Hm... you're actually widening up a little back here... I guess it's finally all the way in. Congratulations, Amane...
Narration: *Wait, seriously...? Did you just push the tip of your dick... into... my womb!?*
Amane: Uuuuuh!!
Yuuji: Now then, let's get started...
Narration: *Ahh... Wait! If you start thrusting now... all that sperm's... gonna squirt right out of my butt!!*
Amane: Nhooooooooh!
Narration: *Oh... so that's what it was... I... was tightening up to keep Yuuji's semen in my ass... that's why it felt so tough...*
Narration: *Hey... Yuuji... did you know this was gonna happen? Is that why you fucked my ass first...? *
Yuuji: ...Aaah... that's Amane's pussy, all right... feels good to be back...
Amane: ...Mmmm! Mmmmm!
Narration: *Huh? Yuuji... remembers how my pussy feels, huh...? That makes me kinda happy...*
Narration: *Does it really feel that good...?*
Yuuji: ...Yeah... I love the way it squeezes down on me...
Narration: *...R-Really...?*
Narration: *...I bet you say that to all the girls...*
Yuuji: ...Yours is the best, Amane...
Narration: *Aaah... I'm so happy...*
Yuuji: ...I'm going to pick up the pace a little...
Narration: *Yeah... you do that...*
Narration: *I'll do my best... to squeeze down on you... and wring it all out of you...*
Narration: *I'm fine now... it doesn't hurt any more... in fact... it feels really good, Yuuji...*
Yuuji: ...Amane...
Narration: *Uuu... the thickest part of your dick... is rubbing up against my insides... aah, crap... this is too good...*
Narration: *When I clench my butt and try to tighten up... it's like you're forcing me open with every thrust... jamming yourself up into my womb... it's so weird...*
Amane: ...Mmm... mmmh... mmm... oooh... mm... aah... nhoo... nhaaah... aaaah... haaah... 
Narration: *Every time Yuuji moves his hips... my clitoris rubs up against his crotch... right as his dick reaches my womb...*
Narration: *Oh man... this is... this is way too good...!!*
Yuuji: ...Kuh... damn...
Narration: *Aha...♪ You're enjoying this too, aren't you? I know you are...*
Narration: *I mean... it feels so damn good that I think I'm about to go crazy...*
Narration: *Hey... there isn't anyone else out there who'd let you treat them like this, right...? You can do me like this... any time you want...*
Narration: *So don't... go having sex with any other girls, okay...?*
Yuuji: Amane...
Amane: Nmhoo... Nguuh...
Narration: *...Ah... you're kissing me... through the ball-gag?*
Narration: *Oh geez... I can't close my mouth... and he's pouring his saliva into it...*
Narration: *Whoa... what the heck...? The way he's forcing me to drink his saliva... is seriously turning me on...*
Narration: *Aw, crap... I really am just his sex toy now...*
Narration: *He's making me drink his drool, and all I can think about is how "tasty" it is... I'm a lost cause, aren't I...?*
Narration: *Well, whatever... at least it feels good...*
Amane: ...Mmmm... mmmm! Nhooo!! Ohoooh... ohooooh!!
Narration: *Ah, crap... my head's going blank... and I just keep getting wetter and wetter...*
Narration: *Hey, Yuuji... gimme more... more...*
Yuuji: ...Hm? Your face is getting all red, Amane... you okay?
Narration: *Aha, not really... I mean... I can't even... move my hips anymore... *
Narration: *And every time he thrusts in, a little bit of come dribbles out of my ass...*
Narration: *Geez... those are some pretty lewd noises... that's kind of embarrassing...*
Narration: *Thank god I'm blindfolded... I bet I've got a totally ridiculous expression on my face right now...*
Amane: ...Mmmm! Nuuuugh!!
Narration: *Hii... aah! I think... I'm... about to come again!*
Narration: *Aaagh! Yessssh! Coming! I'm coming!*
Narration: *Aaah... Yuuji's... Yuuji's dick... just got really big...! Is he gonna come too? Good... let's come together! Together! Aaaaaaaaaah!!*
Amane: Nwoooooh!! Nhooooooo!!
Narration: *Mmmm... aaah... he came... aha.♪ Oh, he's still coming...♪　But... all of the come in my butt... shpilled out... Ahahaha... it's like I peed from my butt or something... how lame is that...? Hahahaha...*
Narration: *Aaaah... But man, this feels great... It's like I'm floating... I love it when he pumps me full of that nice, hot... uh...*
Narration: *...Hey, wait a second. Where's that nice hot load of semen I ordered?*
Narration: *Oh, crap... I totally forgot... he's got a condom on, doesn't he? Maaaaan... what a letdown...*
Amane: ...Fugoh!! Fugugagohegaheguhego!!
Yuuji: Sorry... but this time I seriously have no clue what you're saying... here, let me take that gag off.
Amane: Mheesh... *click*... Hwaaaah... man, it feels good to have that off...
Yuuji: ...So what's up?
Amane: ...Hey, Yuuji... did you enjoy that?
Yuuji: Yeah, it was pretty amazing...
Amane: I think it was even better than usual for me... my body still feels like it's floating...
Yuuji: That a fact? Well, glad you enjoyed it... want to try it again sometime?
Amane: Sure... anytime you want...
Amane: Oh, but... I sorta want to do it raw next time, maybe...?
Yuuji: Look here, Amane...
Amane: Mmm... I know it's risky... but it just doesn't feel satisfying otherwise, you know?
Yuuji: Wanna go another round?
Amane: Well, I don't mind... but I'm totally exhausted... if you're okay with fucking a dead fish, we can keep going.
Yuuji: I guess we'll pick up where we left off next time, then...
Amane: Oh... wait, are you gonna throw that condom away...?
Yuuji: Uh, yeah, that was the plan...
Amane: Dump it on me instead...
Yuuji: Wait, what? You mean what's inside?
Amane: Yep!♪
Yuuji: ...You're one hell of a masochist...
Amane: Aw, c'mon. This sorta thing just turns me on...
Yuuji: ...Like this...?
Amane: Aaaahn... mbwuh... nmugh... haaah... Ooh, this is pretty good... it kinda feels like you're bullying me. Really gets my heart racing...
Yuuji: ...You have some strange tastes, woman...
Amane: Not that you mind, right?
Yuuji: Well, sure... I can't say it's a bad feeling to see you guzzling down my semen like that...
Amane: Mmmf... I know, right? I think you deserve a little reward for being so honest.♪ Time for a clean-up blowjob! C'mon, gimme that cock.
Yuuji: ...It's fine, I'll just use some tissues...
Amane: Aw, just let me suck it clean, okay? I need to thank mister penis here for making me feel so good... Aaaah...♪
Yuuji: ...Honestly, woman...
Amane: Nmh... *Smack*... mfwah... Aaaah, this is sheer bliss... mmuu... *Sluurp*
Amane: You know what? I really like having sex with you, but what I love the most... nmuu... is sucking up whatever's left on your cock when it's all over... nfwah... nmuuu... *Sluuuuuuuuurp*
Yuuji: Ah... hey, c'mon Amane, let up a little... I'm gonna get hard again...
Amane: Nfwah... then we'll just have to do it again, I guess... I'll lie here exhausted and helpless, and you can rape me until I pass out... sound good? Nmm... *smack*...
Yuuji: Well, shit... there it goes. All right, turn around... I'm taking you from behind this time!
Amane: Aaaaahn! Oooh nooo! Give it to me rough, baby!!

Amane: ...Hehehe... I'll be on top today, okay?
Yuuji: That's what you're in the mood for...?
Amane: Yep, that's right. You're tired, aren't you? I'll take care of the heavy lifting today... mmmm!
Narration: *Looking up at Amane as she straddles my waist, I find myself briefly wondering what would have happened to her if I wasn't around.*
Narration: *Honestly, how had she been even getting by before we met...?*
Amane: ...Mmmm... Aaah... ooh, it's in... that feels so good... nhehehe...
Narration: *At this point, Amane's pussy has completely molded itself to the shape of my cock. Once she'd lined up over me, all she had to do was lower her hips, and I slid easily into her.*
Narration: *Her insides are nice and warm, like always. A pleasant sense of heat spreads from my penis through my entire lower body.*
Amane: Nfwah... hey... how's that? Does it... feel good inside me?
Yuuji: ...Is it just me, or have you loosened up a little lately...?
Amane: ...Whaaat? Hmph!
Yuuji: ...Okay, that hurts. You're squeezing too hard... Also, your nails are digging into me...
Amane: ...I am NOT loose...
Yuuji: Sorry, sorry...
Narration: *It feels like a boa constrictor's clamping down on my cock... Amane's pretty scary when she gets serious.*
Narration: *The pressure's most intense near her entrance and deep inside her. She's squeezing down hard on the base and very head of my penis; her soft folds gently envelop the rest of my shaft, inviting me deeper inside.*
Amane: Alright... I'm gonna start moving now. Mmmm... mmm... aah... haaah... mmm... 
Narration: *Amane rubs her clitoris against my crotch as she deftly moves her hips back and forth.*
Narration: *Her body weight helps push her further down onto me, pushing my penis further up inside her.*
Amane: Hey... d'you like it... when I do this...? Ah... haaah... mmmm... kuh... fwah... ah... does it feel good...?
Yuuji: Mmm... Yeah, it feels good...
Narration: *This pussy's familiar to me by now. That might sound a little rude, but it's not a bad thing by any means.*
Narration: *She's not uncomfortably tight or anything. Every movement she makes just feels pleasant.*
Amane: Mmmm... ah, crap... I love this... it keeps hitting me in the perfect spot... it's so good...! Mmmm...!
Narration: *It's... pretty damn good for me too, honestly.*
Narration: *Her walls are clamping down on me near the very back of her vagina... and their slightly rough texture's really stimulating the head of my cock.*
Yuuji: ...Uh... kuh...
Amane: Aha... Looks like you're enjoying yourself too, Yuuji. That makes me... kind of happy...
Amane: Mmmm... You know, normally... you're the one playing around with me... nfh... but it's not too bad to be on top sometimes... I can get a good look at your face, for one thing...
Amane: Ah... haah... it... really turns me on... mmm... seeing the guy I love... enjoying... my pussy so much...
Amane: ...Hey... Yuuji... Do you like my pussy...?
Yuuji: Yeah, I love it...
Narration: *It's not just her pussy. I love her outrageously large tits... and that surprisingly slim waist, too... guess all our "lower-body exercise" has been paying off...?*
Narration: *Of course, she's still got a little bit of excess fat there, but that's... not half-bad, in my book...*
Yuuji: ...I love you!!
Amane: Haau!!
Narration: *As soon as those words leave my mouth, Amane's pussy clamps down on me tightly.*
Amane: Aha... whoa... I think I just came a little...
Yuuji: Come as many times as you want... Here, let me help...
Amane: ...Aaah! Waah! Hey! Stop thaaat! I-It's my turn... to take the lead! Stop... stop moving, Yuujiiii!!
Yuuji: ...Hmph. Did you really think... you could keep me still that easily...? Don't get ahead of yourself, woman!
Amane: Naaaaaah!! Stop thrusting so fast! D-Don't be so rough, or... I'm gonna come! I'm gonna come right away! Nhiii!!
Yuuji: Didn't you hear what I just said...? Come all you want! Hnh!
Amane: Hyuuuuh!
Narration: *Amane's pussy wriggles around my dick, trying to squeeze an orgasm out of it.*
Narration: *Hmph... well, if that's how you want to play it...*
Amane: Nhaaaah!! Hiii! Aaah! Aaah... aaaaah! Hiihn!! I'm gumming!!
Yuuji: That's right! Come...!
Amane: Nhoooooooohn!! Oooooooooh!
Narration: *...The girl really does make some ridiculous sounds when she orgasms... not that I mind.*
Narration: *Amane's pussy quivers intensely as she comes. At the same time, her folds start squirming all around me.*
Narration: *Of course, we're only just getting started.*
Amane: ...Nhaah...! Nooo! Please, have mercy...! I came, okay? I already came! Hey... c'mon... stop thrusting up into me!! Gyaaaaaah!
Yuuji: Hmph. You really thought I'll let you off that easy...? Guess you don't know me that well after all...
Narration: *You're not done until I say you're done.*
Narration: *Amane's sensitive in the middle of her orgasms, so if I keep stimulating her, she won't be able to stop coming.*
Narration: *It probably feels something like an ejaculation that just never ends.*
Narration: *Amane's womb has lowered itself down to accept my semen. I thrust up against its entrance over and over; Amane sways wildly, spraying me with sweat and spittle.*
Amane: Nhaaah! Wait... shtop... noooo...! Yuuji... you meanie...! Aaah... Aaaaaah!!
Narration: *The folds of her pussy quiver intensely around me, and her eyes roll back in her head like a boxer who just took a jab to the jaw. *
Narration: *With every thrust, the girl seems to lose a few more IQ points.*
Amane: Yaaah... mm... sho goood...! Yuuji... Yuuji! This... is amashing! Mooore... do me moooore!
Narration: *Hot fluid drools endlessly out of the undulating walls of Amane's vagina.*
Narration: *I can feel her womb sucking at the tip of my cock, impatiently pleading for me to fill it with semen.*
Narration: *Guess it's about time to let her off the hook...*
Yuuji: ...All right, Amane... where do you want it?
Amane: Aaah... inside...! Come inside me! My womb... wants your come so bad... that it's driving me crazy...!
Yuuji: ...Amane...! I'm coming!
Amane: Aaaaah! Aaah! NhaaaaaaaAAahaah!!
Amane: It's finally here! So much... hot, thick come...! Aha...♪ This... this is what I wanted... Aha... Ahahahaha... Nhiii... it's sooo good...
Narration: *Amane's womb latches greedily onto my cock as I give it what it's been waiting for. Her pussy clamps down to squeeze every last drop out of me.*
Yuuji: ...Uuu...
Narration: *It's like I'm fucking a vacuum cleaner... even as my ejaculation ends and my semen duct tries to close up, she keeps sucking more and more out of me. The woman's got one greedy pussy...*
Amane: Nhaaah...
Yuuji: "Nhaaah," she says...
Amane: Man... I feel so drained... My legs are still trembling, and these shivers keep running down my spine... I can't even move. Sorry... I'm heavy, aren't I? I'll get off in a second...
Yuuji: ...What? Who said we're done?
Amane: ...Huh?
Yuuji: Look at the clock. There's plenty of time, right? Let's go another round.
Amane: Sure, sounds good! I'm happy you want more.♪ But, uh, here's the thing... I came a little bit too hard just now, you know? I'm still all tingly, right?
Yuuji: Right. What about it?
Amane: ...So... well, uh... could you maybe let me take a little breather? Please? Oh yeah, how about we take a bath!? I'll wash your cock for you! What do you say?
Yuuji: Let's save the bath for later. I mean, we're going to get all sticky again anyway...
Amane: ...Wai... nhooooo!! Hey! Hold on...!! Not there!! That's my ass!
Yuuji: I'm aware.
Amane: Oh really! You're aware, huh!? Good for you! But y'know, here's the thing! You seem to have jammed two of your fingers up it! Could you perhaps remove them!?
Yuuji: Hell no!!
Amane: Wait, what!?
Yuuji: You like having your ass teased, don't you?
Amane: ...Mmm... Well... I can't say you're wrong... but look, uhm. You made me come for so long, I'm still a little sensitive, and... nhoooooooh!!!
Yuuji: Hm. Is this how you do it...?
Amane: Listeeen to what I'm saaaynggghohh!! I... I can't even shtand up right nooow! So... s-shtop teasing... my asssss!!
Yuuji: ...I see. Your waist's gone numb, has it? Couldn't even stand up if you wanted to...?
Amane: Th-That's right... so... just let me take a little break... we can pick this up later, I promise... so... please? 
Yuuji: ...It won't be a problem. Want to know why...?
Amane: Wh-Why?
Yuuji: I'll hold you up while I fuck you, so you won't even need to move a muscle.
Amane: Hey!! Oh, c'mooon! You wanna do it that badly!?
Yuuji: What can I say? I just love you too damn much, Amane...
Amane: ...Ugh...
Yuuji: Do you really want me to stop...?
Amane: Ugh...
Yuuji: Damn... I really want to keep fucking you, Amane...
Amane: ...Uggggh...
Yuuji: If we keep going now... I think I'll fall even more in love with you... 
Amane: ...Uuggh! That's not fair at all!!
Yuuji: Listen up, Amane... men never play "fair." We do whatever it takes to get what we want. Especially when it comes to the women we love...
Amane: Oh, come ON!! Stop trying to sound all cool! It really doesn't work when you've got your fingers jammed up my ass, okay!?! You big idiot!!
Yuuji: Come on, Amane... just one more round?
Amane: Fine, fine!! Jam whatever you want anywhere you feel like, you big jerk!!
Yuuji: Thanks, Amane... this is exactly why I love you so much...
Amane: ...You jerk...
Narration: *―I love Amane with all my heart.*
Narration: *That's not a lie or an exaggeration.*
Narration: *Maybe this doesn't qualify as proof, but I can make love to her for hours and hours... once we start, I never really want to stop.*
Narration: *I've always been a little extreme when it comes to sex. I can let my lust build up for a while, then let it all out at once.*
Narration: *And when I really fall for a woman... it can be hard to control myself.*
Narration: *I love Amane, so I want to treat her well. But at the same time, it's hard to fight the childish, sadistic urge to drive her completely crazy.*
Amane: ...Eeegh... gehee... why do we have to do it like this...? It's embarrassing, and it kinda hurts... I dunno how to feel about this, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...What's the problem? I like seeing you like this, personally... and your body smells nice and sweet...
Amane: ...Ugggh... oh man... I'm sweating so much... I probably stink, don't I...?
Yuuji: Well, you've definitely got a bit of an odor... but I actually like it...
Amane: ...Oh yeah...? Ehehe... maybe that means... we're compatible on a genetic level, or something...
Yuuji: That's a pretty romantic line for someone who's currently being fucked in the ass...
Amane: Geez... you're the one who wanted to do it, remember? Why do you have to be so mean...?
Yuuji: Oh, please. You love being bullied... I'm just giving you what you want.
Amane: Ugh... sometimes, I wish I wasn't such a total masochist. I can't even pretend you're wrong...
Yuuji: ...I'm gonna start moving now, okay?
Amane: ...Y'know... for a total sadist, you're pretty gentle... you made sure I calmed down before you started moving, right...?
Yuuji: Of course. I'm a gentleman, after all.
Amane: Right... noble Sir Ass-fucker...
Yuuji: Shut it, Lady Ass-slut.
Amane: Nngh!!
Narration: *This little slut's got some nerve, calling me an ass-fucker just because I happen to be fucking her ass. Time to remind her of her place.*
Yuuji: ...All right then! As punishment, I'm going to fuck your ass until it breaks in half!
Amane: Nhaaah! Aaah! Aaaaaaah!! D-Don't... be so rough! Nhaaaaah!
Narration: *Lifting Amane up, I violently thrust into her again and again.*
Narration: *To be honest, she's pretty heavy.*
Narration: *But this is the weight of the woman I love. I wouldn't be much of a man if I couldn't support her.*
Narration: *If I ever struggle with that, it just means I'll have to train myself harder.*
Yuuji: ...Nuuuh! Guuh...! Damn! You're not taking me down that easy!!
Amane: Nhoooh! Oooooh! Nhooooooh!! Owaaaaah!
Narration: *Amane's slimy rectum squeezes down on my penis.*
Narration: *Unlike her pussy, the pressure from her ass is constant.*
Narration: *Instead of trying to pull me in, it keeps attempting to push me out, like the excretory organ it is. Pushing my way in despite that resistance feels supremely satisfying.*
Amane: ...Eek!! Hiii!! Aaah! Aaaaaaaaah!! Kuhiii!! Nuuuuuuh...!!
Narration: *Amane's used to rough sex by now, but this position's clearly hard on her. She can't even support her own weight; if I let her fall too far, my cock will push in too far.*
Narration: *And of course, since my arms are busy supporting her weight, I can't even play with her pussy to make her come.*
Yuuji: ...Amane... Your hands are free right now, aren't they? Play with your pussy for me...
Amane: U-Uuuuugh...
Narration: *Amane lets out an embarrassed moan, but obediently begins rubbing her genitals.*
Narration: *To be honest, it makes her look like a bit of a pervert.*
Narration: *Embarrassed by the fact that I'm watching her masturbate, Amane tries to repress the moans she usually makes at times like these.*
Amane: ...Ugh... eegh... mmm... ah... uuh... knngh... mmmm... mmmmm...!
Yuuji: ...So this is how you usually masturbate, huh?
Amane: Noo... you jerk... don't look... it's embarrassing...
Yuuji: Bit late for that, don't you think...? Hell, I saw you pleasuring yourself in my bed just a few days after I transferred in here...
Amane: Mmm... nooo... don't bring that up...! I just... sorta lost my head... mmm... and anyway... it's not like I came! I was just... rubbing it a little...!
Yuuji: I see... well, I guess you'll have to really enjoy yourself today to make up for it. Go on... your beloved Kazami Yuuji has his dick in your ass... let's see how hard you can come for him...
Amane: Nooo... don't look... I... I don't... wanna keep going, but... my hands... won't stop...
Yuuji: ...Hey, Amane... do you think I'm taking the roleplaying a little too far...?
Amane: Noooooo!! Don't break character nooow!! I was just about to come, stupid!!
Yuuji: Oh... sorry. Uh, well... come on, you little slut! What kind of sick fantasy are you getting off to, anyway!? Let's hear it!
Amane: Auuuugh... Yuuji...
Yuuji: Say what? Can't hear you. Speak up, woman!
Amane: Uuuuuuuugh!! I-I always... think of you when I masturbate, Yuuji!
Yuuji: Hmph... And do you ever fantasize about about me fucking you in the ass?
Amane: W-Well... ughh...
Yuuji: Stop your whining and tell me the truth, or you'll regret it...
Amane: I do...! I imagine you fucking my ass... while I masturbate! Every single day!!
Yuuji: ...Wait, every single day? That's crazy... you really are a slut, Amane...
Amane: Haaauuuuugh! So embarrassiiiiing...
Yuuji: ...But of course, I love you just the way you are...
Amane: ...Uuugh...!!
Yuuji: ...Kuh... what the hell, Amane? Don't tighten your ass up all of a sudden...!
Amane: I-It's... not me...! My butt did it... all on its own...! It's not... my faaault... Hii!!
Yuuji: ...You're still doing it, woman!! Dammit! You're going to make me come!!
Amane: That'sh okay... let it all out. Gimme it all... inside my butt... g'wan, come...!!
Yuuji: ...All right... Here we go, Amane!
Amane: Aah... Actually, uhm... if y'come too mush, then... it's gonna make my tummy hurt... could you take it a little easy on me...?
Yuuji: ...Wait, now you're breaking character!
Amane: Oh... whoops. Sorry 'bout that... go ahead and come all you like... I'll drink it all up with my ass... nngh...!!
Yuuji: # **...Kuh...!**
Narration: *Honestly, I want to keep teasing Amane for a while longer, but right now I'm supporting the weight of her body with my arms, while also thrusting into her with my hips.*
Narration: *That's a tough act to keep up for long.*
Narration: *I think it's time to take her up on her generous offer.*
Yuuji: ...Amane...
Narration: *As I speak her name, warm affection swells up inside me.*
Narration: *I really do love you, Amane.*
Narration: *Taking it in the ass isn't easy for you, but you did it to make me happy... I'm genuinely moved...*
Narration: *How the hell was I lucky enough to land a woman like you...?*
Narration: *Amane...*
Narration: *Amane!*
Amane: Uuh... Aaah... aaaaaaah... aaaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *Amane speeds up her masturbating, keeping pace with my thrusts.*
Narration: *We're both heading towards climax.*
Yuuji: ...Amane! I'm... coming!!
Amane: Aaaah... Yuuji! Yuujiiii!! Me too... I'm gonna come too...! I'm coming... I'm comiiing! 
Narration: *As Amane orgasms, her ass clenches tightly down on me.*
Narration: *It's so tight it feels like she's going to rip my dick clean off. Semen instantly pulses out of my cock in a burst of pleasure.*
Yuuji: ...Ugh...!!
Amane: Nhaaah!! Aaaah! Aaaaah!! You came! So much... so muuuuch!! Nhaaaaaaaah!
Yuuji: Aaaaah! Amane! Not again!
Amane: Hyaaaaaahn! I'm sorry... I'm soooory! I...I did it agaiiiiin! I... I peeeeed again... waaaaah!!
Yuuji: Hey! No! Stop that right now! That's my bed! I have to sleep on that tonight!! Aaaah!! Why, you little...!
Amane: A-Ahaha... Sorry, I can't stop... Ahahahaha... It just feels so goood... spliiiish...
Yuuji: Don't you "spliiish" me, goddammit!! Come on, seriously!!
Amane: Haaah...♪
Yuuji: Stop looking so satisfied! You just pissed all over my bed!!

Sachi: *Sigh*... what a disaster...
Amane: What's wrong? You look kind of down.
Sachi: Ah... er, it's nothing...
Amane: Oh, really? Well, okay then.
Sachi: Yes, there's nothing wrong. Nothing at all...
Sachi: ...*Sigh*... I can't tell them. I simply can't...
Principal: ...Komine-san.
Sachi: Yes!?
Principal: You do... understand the implications of this, I assume?
Sachi: Y-Yes. Of course I do.
Principal: You're going to get yourself in deep trouble at this rate. It's nice that you're so eager to help out your friends, but you need to take care of your own responsibilities as well, okay?
Sachi: I completely understand...
Principal: Well, I know you're a capable young lady, so I'm not that worried... but things were a little ugly this time, you know?
Sachi: ...Yes.
Principal: All right then. Keep at it!
Sachi: O-Of course...
Narration: *Hello, everyone. My name is Komine Sachi; I'm a student currently attending Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *As for why I'm so profoundly depressed at present...*
Makina: Ah, Sacchin! How'd ya do on that test? Lemme take a look-see.
Sachi: Aah! Stop it, Maki-chan! That's... well...!
Makina: Ah... what the heck? 3 points...?
Sachi: H-Haugh...
Narration: *Indeed. Ashamed as I am to admit it, I received a score of 3 points on my most recent test.*
Narration: *It's not so surprising, I'm afraid. While I previously found tests quite easy, they grew much more challenging once I began attending this school. I've frequently found myself quite perplexed.*
Narration: *Until now, I could easily secure high marks by studying just a little in the days immediately before an exam, but in Mihama Academy that clearly isn't good neough.*
Makina: Welp, no reason ta get depressed. Just try harder next time! Here, take this.
Sachi: Wh-What would this be?
Makina: Rice cakes. Go on, eat up.
Sachi: Oh... thank you...
Sachi: Nom, nom... these are tasty. Quite tasty. But...
Narration: *Rice cakes are tasty, but they don't really fill your belly for long. Wait, no.*
Narration: *Rice cakes are tasty, but my score on that test was still simply disgraceful. I'm going to be in real trouble if this keeps up...*
Michiru: Hm hm hm, hmmm...♪
Sachi: Oh? Michiru-sama, you seem quite cheerful today. Did something happen?
Michiru: Huh? Do I look cheerful? Tee hee hee hoo. Guess it's pretty obvious, huh?
Sachi: Indeed. Please, do tell me why.
Michiru: Well, actually... I got a 90 on that test!
Sachi: Whaaat!? But aren't you a moron, Michiru-sama? H-How on earth did you score so highly? Could it be...
Michiru: Teehee! That's right! It's exactly what you're thinking!
Sachi: I knew it. You've developed some special method of studying, haven't you?
Michiru: Huh? Uhm, no. I just used these to entertain myself when I got bored.
Michiru: That's right, it's the next-generation game from Bushiroad Inc... the one and only ChaosTCG!
Sachi: C-Chaos...? What is it, exactly?
Michiru: A trading card game! You fight against your opponent using cards that feature characters from all sorts of games and stuff! That's ChaosTCG!
Sachi: ...And what does that have to do with your grades?
Michiru: There are regular tournaments held multiple times per month!
Sachi: O-Okay...?
Michiru: The tournaments are held across Japan, mainly in card shops! Check here for more details on the tournaments and participating stores!
Sachi: Check... where, exactly?
Michiru: There's countless ways to enjoy the game! You can pick out a "partner" from a huge selection of cards and use them in battle, or just collect the most beautiful ones!
Michiru: You can build a deck around your favorite character, or try to put together an all-male roster for an added challenge. A "heroine card-battler" might sound simple, but the only limit is your imagination!
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama?
Michiru: So basically, I played this card game when I needed a break from my studies, and it was a perfect change of pace! My grades went up in no time. Why don't you give it a try too?
Sachi: C-Chaos TCG, is it...?
Sachi: Kazami-san! Kazami-san! I can't believe this!
Yuuji: What's the matter? You look awfully flustered.
Sachi: Well, yes... I mean... there's something called Chaos TCG, and...
Yuuji: Oh, that card game? What about it?
Sachi: You've heard of it, Kazami-san?
Yuuji: Sure. It's just another of those card game fads, right? I'm sure everyone will get bored of it soon enough.
Sachi: N-No, that's not true! According to Michiru-sama, Chaos TCG is the real deal!
Yuuji: Didn't she say the same thing about the last one? She'll probably quit in no time.
Sachi: You just don't understand! Playing Chaos TCG is an ideal way to relax, which enables you to study more efficiently! And this time, I'm going to take it seriously! Please... help me get started!
Yuuji: (Hrm, Sachi seems pretty serious about this one. Out of respect for her passion, I suppose I ought to support her...)
Yuuji: All right, then. I'll give you enough spending money to buy a Chaos TCG trial deck. Just don't get bored of it right away, okay?
Sachi: What? Really? Thank you very much, Kazami-san!
Yuuji: Also, don't forget to service me sexually as per usual.
Sachi: But of course! Thank you very much! Yaaay! Yaaay!
Yuuji: (I'm sure she'll get sick of it in no time, anyway...)
Narration: *Hmm? Isn't that Sachi...?*
Sachi: Let's see, I suppose I'll use this as my partner card... hmmm...
Narration: *Oh hoh? Seems like she's actually getting into it. Guess this one really is a special case...*
Sachi: Ah, Kazami-san. My apologies, I'll see to your sexual needs immediately.
Yuuji: That's all right. Looks like you're enjoying Chaos TCG, so why don't you keep playing?
Sachi: O-Of course!
Narration: *And thus, I earnestly devoted myself to learning the art of Chaos TCG.*
Narration: *The game proved to be both shockingly fun and astonishingly deep. The strategy involved in combining the various cards was all but infinite. And thanks to its relaxing properties, my studies began to go much more smoothly.*
Narration: *Of course, I also made my way up from a bench-warmer to a regular on the school basketball team!*
Narration: *And finally, on the day of the big test...*
Sachi: *Gasp*! Why, I've seen this very problem in Chaos TCG!
Narration: *Thanks to all my practice with Chaos TCG, I easily met my goal.*
Sachi: Yes! I got into the school of my dreams!!
Sachi: And so, thanks to Chaos TCG, I've obtained everything I ever wanted.
Michiru: Nice job, Sachi! Chaos TCG came through for you too, huh?
Sachi: That's right, Michiru-sama!
Yumiko: Guh...
Michiru: What's wrong, Yumiko?
Yumiko: I've been going to a cram school, but my tests didn't go well at all... Honestly, what's the matter with me?
Sachi: There's a reason the two of us did so well, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: Huh? What's that?
Sachi: Ah, you see...
Narration: *I proceeded to explain exactly what makes Chaos TCG so splendid to Sakaki-san.*
Narration: *In no time at all, I'm sure she'll be earning perfect test scores, setting new records on the track team, developing a bigger bust, and winning herself a Donme Selection award.*
All Three: Thank goodness we discovered Chaos TCG!!
Narration: *Since we started playing Chaos TCG, our lives have been bursting with wonder and joy. Praise be to God!*
Amane: This program was brought to you by our sponsors, Bushiroad Inc... I guess.
Amane: ...
Amane: Are you friggin' serious with this crap, man?

JB: Hey, you.
Narration: *As I'm walking down the hallway minding my own business, I'm accosted by Dr. Harudera Yuria - or "JB," as we usually call her.*
Yuuji: What do you want?
JB: You look terrible. That's the face of a man who's about ready to murder someone.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Why did I have to run into such a royal pain in the ass this early in the morning?*
Narration: *I turn around and try to walk away, but JB catches up and cuts me off.*
JB: Do you have sex regularly? When was the last time you fucked anyone?
Yuuji: ...I don't need to answer that.
JB: I'm thinking it's been at least a year, judging by your face.
Yuuji: Are you even listening to me, woman?
JB: That won't do at all. You've got to have sex.
JB: If you don't have any suitable partners, I don't mind volunteering.
Yuuji: ...You just want to fuck, don't you?
JB: Well, what'll it be?
Yuuji: Seriously, listen to me.
JB: Do you want to have sex with me? Yes or no?
Narration: *This woman's hopeless. She's completely ignoring everything I say.*
Narration: *At this rate, I'm going to be standing here all day.*
Narration: *Guess I'll just have to give her an answer...*

Narration: *The instant we step inside, she pushes me down onto the bed.*
Narration: *Stripping off my pants before I can even try to resist, JB shoves my penis in between her plump breasts.*
Yuuji: You're really raring to go...
JB: Well, it's always best to provide medical attention promptly.
Yuuji: ...Medical attention, huh...?
Narration: *I'm pretty sure you're just horny as hell right now, to be perfectly honest...*
JB: Heheh. It's been too long since I had any dick...
Narration: *One look at the perverted leer on JB's face is enough to confirm my suspicious. Opening her mouth wide, she lets a wad of spit drool out onto the head of my penis.*
JB: Mm... mmm...
JB: I have to make sure to lubricate you so it doesn't hurt when I start moving my breasts...
JB: Mmh... mm..
Narration: *She proceeds to massages my penis gently with her plump bosom, coating it with her saliva.*
Narration: *Her breasts are pleasantly pillowy. Still, she's basically just teasing me right now.*
Narration: *It's not like I'm desperate for pleasure, but I wish she'd get started already...*
JB: I think that should be enough...
JB: ...All right then. I'll start rubbing your dick with my tits now.
Yuuji: Sure. Have at it.
Narration: *Looks like JB wants to take the lead. Guess I'll let her do it however she wants...*
JB: Mm... Mm...
Yuuji: Ngh!!
Narration: *As she begins to move her rich, soft breasts up and down, an indescribable wave of pleasure washes over me.*
Narration: *It's a unique sensation, entirely different from that provided by a hand, mouth, or pussy. Only someone with a truly amazing rack could possibly pull this off.*
Narration: *I can't help moaning slightly. It really has been a while...*
JB: Haha. That feel good...?
Yuuji: Yeah, you could say that...
JB: Don't tell me you're gonna come already?
Yuuji: No, that's not going to happen.
JB: Hmph! You're awfully cocky...
Narration: *...I mean, who's going to come that quickly? It's just a little tit-fucking...*
Narration: *Still, JB doesn't seem too pleased by the honesty of my reply.*
JB: In that case, I'll just have to go harder.
Narration: *Pressing her breasts together, JB squeezes them tightly against my penis.*
Narration: *The way her tits deform under the pressure is quite a sight...*
Narration: *But before I can really enjoy the show, JB starts pumping away on my cock again.*
JB: Mmm... ngh... nn, nnn...
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *Her tits may be soft, but this pressure is more intense than I expected. Every stroke's surprisingly stimulating.*
Narration: *Instead of a sense of "comfort," I'm beginning to feel some real pleasure.*
JB: Hehe... I can you see your dick twitching between my boobs...
Yuuji: Yeah, that felt damn good...
JB: I'll make you feel even better... mm, ngh...
Narration: *Apparently pleased with my response, JB squeezes her plump breasts even harder and starts moving again.*
Narration: *In the face of this cheerful assault, my penis begins to tremble inside its pillowy prison.*
JB: Mmh, mh, mh... ah, is that some pre-come I see leaking out...?
JB: Mm, *Slurp*... Mmm... *Slurp*... mm...
Yuuji: Guh!
Narration: *Without the slightest hesitation, JB licks the liquid off the tip of my cock.*
Narration: *Instead of pulling back, she slowly moves her tongue around the head of my penis, still trapped firmly in between her tits.*
Narration: *As it brushes gently against my urethra, a shiver runs through my body.*
JB: *Slurp* Mmh, mfh... it's been too long since I tasted a man... nngh, *Slurp*
JB: Nn, fwah... You really haven't done it in a while, have you...? Mm, *Slurp* *lick*... this is an awful lot of pre-come...
Yuuji: Looks like you've been in a bit of dry spell yourself, JB. You're savoring every drop...
JB: You're not supposed to say that sort of thing to a lady, all right...? Mmm... *Slurp*
JB: Come on, I'll rub your cock with my tits all you like. Give me more of that pre-come, why don't you...?
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *JB pushes my cock deeper in between her breasts, squeezing down even harder than before.*
Narration: *It's so slathered in spit and pre-come that every movement of her breasts produces a wet little squelch.*
JB: Mmm... you've got more left in you, right? Go on, let it all out... mm, mm, mmm...
Yuuji: Uh... gah...
Narration: *JB begins aggressively teasing my urethra with the tip of her tongue, trying to coax out more pre-come.*
Narration: *The intense pleasure makes my body tremble, and more translucent liquid seeps out onto the head of my cock.*
JB: Heheh, there we are... Mmm, *Smack*♪ Mmh... *Slurp*♪
JB: Mm, haaa... mm. *Slurp*... this pre-come's so tasty...
Narration: *Even as she's mumbling happily to herself, JB doesn't stop moving her breasts.*
Narration: *Just how much pre-come does this woman want from me...? What a total slut...*
JB: Mm... *Slurp.* Heheh... Your dick's getting more sensitive now, isn't it...?
JB: When I move my tits around, I can feel it twitching in pleasure...
Yuuji: Yeah... that's a pretty nice rack you've got there...
JB: Heheh. Well, just sit back and enjoy...
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *As she strokes her breasts along my entire shaft, up to the very tip of my penis, a powerful pulse of pleasure courses through my body.*
Narration: *The way her breasts jiggle and distort as she moves them against my penis adds a nice visual compliment to the sensation. I can feel a pleasant warmth spreading across my lower body.*
JB: That's it... let Dr. JB's titties take you straight to heaven...
JB: Mm... *Slurp* *Smack*... Haa... Your pre-come's so delicious... *Smack*...
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
JB: Nn... *Sniff*... ah, that's the smell of a man, all right... hm, *Lick* *Slurp*... and the taste's... pretty good too...
JB: Mmm, nnh, nhh... Haa, nnh, *Smack *Slurp*... Mm, mmm... *Kiss* *Smack* *Slurp*... Nnn, nnh...
Narration: *Clearly getting rather turned on herself, JB intensifies her assault on my cock.*
Narration: *She slurps at my pre-come while pleasuring me constantly with her breasts. Every stroke sends shivers down my spine.*
JB: Mm... Mm... Haa, haa... Your pre-come's leaking all over the place... Kuh... Aaah, I can't take it anymore...
JB: *Nom*♪
Yuuji: Ungh!!!
Narration: *Her eyes misty, JB proceeds to take the head of my captive cock into her mouth.*
Narration: *Surprised by the sudden shift in sensation, I can't help letting a tiny bit of come leak out of my penis.*
JB: Mmm, *Slurp*, *Smack*... *Smack*... *Sluuuurp*...
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
JB: Mm, nnh, nhh... *Sluuurp*... *Smack*, nh, nh... *Slurp* *Smack*
Yuuji: Gah...!
Narration: *Before I can regain my composure, JB's pressing her lips to my urethra and noisily sucking pre-come out of my shaft.*
Narration: *After draining me dry, she caresses the head of my cock with her tongue as if pleading for more.*
Narration: *Of course, she doesn't stop pumping my penis between her breasts at any point. It's all I can do to cope with the pleasure.*
JB: Nheheh... I give a pretty good titfuck and blowjob, don't you think...?
Yuuji: Y-Yeah...
JB: You can come any time you want.
Narration: *I don't want JB thinking she's got the better of me, so I'd prefer not to orgasm just yet...*
Narration: *But now that she's combining her titfuck with a blowjob, I honestly don't think I'll be able to hold on for long. *
JB: *Smack* *Slurp*... Mmm... *Slurp* *Smack*... *Smack* *Smack*...
JB: *Sluuuurp*... Nheh.♪ Honestly, look at all this pre-come... mmm... *Slurp*... mmm!
Narration: *Clearly enjoying every bit of pre-come I provide her, JB keeps pumping her breasts steadily.*
Narration: *As her movements grow increasingly intense, I feel myself approaching climax.*
JB: Mmm, *Smack* *Slurp*... Mmm, mm, haa... nnn, *Slurp* *Slurp*... mmm...
Yuuji: Ngh!
Narration: *After draining me of pre-come yet again, JB wraps her luscious lips around the head of my cock.*
Narration: *She's moving her mouth in sync with her breasts, overwhelming me with simultaneous stimulation.*
JB: *Smack* *Slurp* *Slurp*... Mm... My goodness, your pre-come's all backed up... *Slurp* *Sluuuurp*!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...!**
JB: *Smack* *Slurp*... *Sluuuurp*, *Slurp*... Mm, *Slurp* *Smack *Slurp*... Mmm, *Slurp... *Sluuurp*... Nnngh...!
Yuuji: Ngh, kuh...!
JB: Mm, *Smack*... Hmm...? Oh. You're holding back, aren't you...? *Smack* *Sluurp*... Nn, *Slurp*...
JB: Mm, *Smack* *Slurp*... Mm... Why are you trying to fight it...? *Slurp* *Slurp* *Slurp*... Hurry up and come for me already...
Yuuji: What, do you want my come that badly?
JB: *Smack* *Slurp* Mm... Yes. I want it very badly...
JB: *Smack* *Slurp* *Slurp*... I want all that semen you've been saving up all this time... and I want it now! Nn... *Sluuurp*!
Yuuji: ...!!!
JB: Heheh.♪ I'm just rubbing my lips on your urethra while I move my breasts, and look how much you're twitching... you're getting awfully sensitive, aren't you...? *Slurp* *Kiss*...
JB: *Smack*, mmm... *Slurp*... C'mon. I'll make your penis feel really good... stop fighting it and give me your semen, all right...? *Smack*, *Slurp*!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!!**
JB: *Smack* *Smack* *Smack*... *Slurp*, *Sluuurp*... *Smack!* Mm, *Slurp* *Sluuuurp*!
Narration: *JB picks up the pace dramatically, pushing me toward orgasm.*
Narration: *My penis, completely covered in bodily fluids, twitches frantically as she attacks it with her breasts and lips.*
Narration: *Periodically, she pauses to slurp up a bit more pre-come. The sheer pleasure of it all brings me closer and closer to the edge.*
JB: Mmm... *Smack*, *Slurp*... hmm. Hehe, your cock's really going crazy inside my tits... Mm, *Slurp*... you can't hold back for much longer, can you?
JB: *Smack*, *Smack*, *Sluuurp*... You can come anytime you want... shoot all that come you've been saving up in my mouth... or all over my face, if you want...
JB: Huff... Mmm, *Smack* *Slurp* *Sluuuuurp*! *Sluurp*, *Smack*... *Slurp* *Kiss* *Kiss* *Slurrrrp*... *Kiss* *Sluuurp* *Smack*!
Yuuji: Guh...!!
Narration: *As the pleasure swelling up inside me reaches an explosive crescendo, I jerk my hips upward.*
JB: Guh!? Mmm! Fwaah, aah...
Narration: *My penis thrusts further up into JB's mouth, and semen gushes out of it.*
Narration: *Furrowing her brow, JB reflexively jerks her face back.*
JB: Awww, what a waste...
Narration: *JB mutters regretfully to no one in particular as the milky white fluid hits her in the face.*
JB: Hehe... goodness, you certainly did come quite a lot...
Narration: *I really was backed up. By the time my ejaculation ends, JB's shaggy head is covered in come.*
JB: Wow, that stinks... and it's so thick... this is amazing...
JB: Mmm... *Smack*... mm, mmm... mm, kuh...
JB: Haha, delicious.♪
Narration: *Wiping my semen off her face, JB brings it to her mouth and swallows it down - clearly savoring the flavor.*
Narration: *As she murmurs her impressions with a dreamy look on her face, my penis pulses in response.*
JB: Oh. Your leftover come's leaking out...
JB: *Nom*... Mmm... *Smack* *Smack*... *Sluuuuurp*...!
Yuuji: Ngh!!
Narration: *JB takes the head of my penis inside her mouth and sucks me dry.*
Narration: *My vision blurs at the sudden stimulation.*
JB: Hehe. The leftovers are just as thick and tasty...♪
JB: Go on, no point holding back now. Let it allll out...
Narration: *Her voice teasing and playful, JB returns her mouth to my cock.*
JB: *Sluuuurp* *Smack* Mm... *Slurp*
Yuuji: Ah...
Narration: *She continues moving her breasts in an effort to coax out my remaining semen.*
JB: *Smack* Mmm... *Smack* Ngg...
Narration: *As JB eagerly sucks up the last drops of come, a new sensation grows inside me.*
JB: Mm *Smack* Oh...? This doesn't taste like come... is it more pre-come?
Yuuji: Yeah... hard to settle down when you're going to town on me like that...
JB: Right, guess that figures...
JB: Well, we can't have you walking around with a boner, so I guess you're gonna have to come agaaaain...
Narration: *...The woman did this on purpose, didn't she?*
Narration: *Not that I mind... one round wasn't going to be enough anyway, considering how long it's been.*
JB: Okay then, now it's myyy turn.♪
Yuuji: Yeah, sure.
JB: Huh...?
Narration: *Even as the words are leaving my mouth, I'm switching places with JB.*
Narration: *Ignoring her little yelp of surprise, I promptly take off her shorts.*
Yuuji: Red lace, huh? You've got pretty good taste...
JB: Huh? Oh. Uh... thanks?
Yuuji: It sure is drenched.
JB: Y-Yeah... my pussy's all wet and ready, so... it's my turn now...
Yuuji: Yeah, got it. I'll be sure to make you feel good.
Yuuji: Have to give as good as I get, right...?
Narration: *Holding my member against the moist entrance to JB's vagina, I pause for a moment... then penetrate her deeply.*
JB: Aaaaaaaaaaahn!!!
Narration: *JB's walls tighten around my penis as it pushes all the way into her.*
JB: Aaah... haa... haa... h-haaa...
Yuuji: What's wrong? I just put it in...
JB: Ng! You took me by surprise... so... I came a little!
Yuuji: Well, I didn't want to keep you waiting...
Narration: *JB's insides convulse, massaging my cock with every huge thrust of my hips.*
JB: Fwaaah! Aah, aan! Nn, ah, aah! No, w-wait... aaahn!!
Yuuji: What? I thought you wanted to feel good?
JB: I do, but... Aaahn! I wanted to... savor the feeling of your cock... nnngh!
Yuuji: I see. Well, eat your heart out...
Narration: *I grab JB's voluptuous hips and ram my cock all the way back to her cervix.*
JB: ...!!!
Narration: *As the head of my penis hits the mouth of her womb, JB's eyes widen, and she throws her head back. I can feel her body spasming with pleasure.*
JB: Haa... aah, aaah... gaa... haa...
Narration: *As her tight walls slowly relax, I can feel fluid oozing out of them.*
Narration: *I tighten my hold on JB's hips and thrust again, stirring up the love juices inside her.*
JB: Aahn! Aaah! Haa...! W-Wait... I just came, so... fwah, aah!
Yuuji: You wanted to really enjoy my dick, didn't you? No need to be shy.
JB: I'm not... being shy... hyah! Aaah! Haa, aaah! Ah, ah!
Yuuji: Damn... you're really clamping down on me, JB...
JB: Listen to me... ahn! When I'm talking... to you! Ahn!
Narration: *JB's vagina tightens every time I hit the mouth of her womb. Her spasming walls coat my cock in her juices.*
Narration: *It feels so good that I'm almost dizzy from pleasure. I might explode at any moment if I let my guard down.*
Narration: *Determined to return the favor, I stubbornly increase the pace of my thrusts.*
JB: Haaaan!!! You're going... Aaahn... even faster...? Aah, aaah, aaah! Fwah, ah!
Narration: *JB's round breasts sway violently as I slap my hips against hers.*
Narration: *It's tempting to reach up and play with her tits, but I need to keep a firm grip on her waist so I can keep hitting the very back of her pussy.*
JB: Aaah, haaan! Aaah, N-No... stop thrusting your dick into me so hard... I'm gonna... go crazy...!
Yuuji: Sounds good. Go on, go crazy...
JB: Fwaah, aaahn! Nooo... I can't even think straight...! Hyah, ahn!
Yuuji: Kuh... You're getting even tighter...
Narration: *JB's insides clamp down on me even harder than before. The soft, hot walls of her pussy stimulate the tip of my dick, amplifying the pleasure.*
JB: Haa, aaah, haaan! Aah, aah, I-I'm coming...! Aaah, I'm going to come...!
Yuuji: I'll make you come hard...
JB: Hyaa! Aaah! S-So deep... it's so deep inside me...! Aaah! I'm... coming! I'm coming! Ah! Aah! Aaaah!
JB: I'm comiiiing...!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...!**
Narration: *JB's walls clench violently around my cock as she orgasms.*
Narration: *Lubricating fluid seeps out of her vagina as it spasms over and over.*
Narration: *I stop for a moment to fight the intense pleasure...*
Narration: *But before JB has a chance to recover, I start moving my hips again.*
JB: Hyaaah?! W-Wait... I'm still coming... Aaaahn! Aaah, aaan!!
Narration: *JB looks at me, her eyes filled with pleasure. Her orgasm hasn't even ended yet.*
Narration: *She tries to beg for mercy in between gasps of breath, but those pleading eyes just get me even more excited than before.*
Narration: *As obscene sounds fill the air, I push my way in and out of her sopping wet vagina. In no time at all, I feel myself approaching a climax.*
JB: Haa, aah! Ah, aahn! Aaah, aaah! I-I can't stop coming...! Aaaaah! N-No, I'm losing my mind...!!!
Yuuji: Kuh... I'm gonna come too...
JB: Aaahn, ah, ah! Do it...! Haa, aah, ah! Shoot out... all your come...!
Narration: *I'm not sure if it's purely instinctive, or just proof she's a total slut... but JB wraps her legs tightly around my waist, locking my body against hers.*
Yuuji: Yeah... Here I come...
JB: Ah, ah, aaaah! D-Do it...! Aaah! Shoot all your come ins... aanhn... inside meee...!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!!**
Narration: *I ram all the way inside her and come violently.*
JB: Aaaahn! Aah, aaaaah! Aaaaaaaah!!!!
Yuuji: Gah! You're clenching up again...?
Narration: *JB's vagina contracts violently. Seems like she hit another orgasm just as I came inside her.*
Narration: *There's too much semen for her to hold at this point, so some of it's leaking out of her vagina... but my come doesn't stop flowing.*
JB: Ah, ha, aaah... Y-You're still coming...!
JB: Ahn, aaah... S-So much semen... Ahan! It feels like I'm going to come all over again...
Yuuji: Phew...
Narration: *Feeling the end of my long orgasm approaching, I let my tense body relax.*
Narration: *A moment later, JB's posture also returns to normal, the bed creaking softly underneath her.*
JB: Haa, haa... Aah, haa... there's so much leaking out...
Narration: *There's a hint of disappointment in JB's voice. Her plump breasts rise and fall with every ragged breath; beads of sweat cover her face.*
Yuuji: Well, you were clenching your pussy really damn tight, JB...
JB: Yeah... your cock... was amazing, so I couldn't help it...
Yuuji: Hm...? I felt you twitch for a second. Are you remembering what it felt like when I rammed into you?
JB: Yes... it'll be hard to forget that for quite some time... I don't think I've ever had sex quite that good...
Yuuji: ...It almost sounds like you think we're done.
JB: Huh...?
Yuuji: I'm still good to go.
Narration: *My penis is still rock-hard inside JB.*
Narration: *Judging by the way her pussy's quivering, she hasn't had enough, either.*
Yuuji: You're not done yet either, right?
JB: Huh... Wait, I need a brea...
Narration: *Before she can finish the sentence, I slam my hips against her.*
JB: Hyaaaaaaaaah!!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
JB: Aaahn! Aah, hyaa, aaaah! N-No! I-I just came! Hiii! Don't move yet... nhaahn!
Narration: *JB's still squeezing down tightly on my cock, but I keep up my attack anyway.*
Narration: *With every thrust, a violent shiver runs through JB's body, and her tits jiggle dramatically.*
Yuuji: Your nipples are pretty swollen, aren't they...
JB: Huh...? Hyaa?! Aahn, ah, aaah! No, don't pinch my nipples...! Aaaah!!!
Yuuji: Ngh! You're clenching down again, JB...
JB: Aah, ha, aaah! I-I can't help... it! You're playing with my nipples... while you're fucking me...! Nngh! Haaahn!
Yuuji: I see. That's good to know...
JB: Huh...? Hold on, are you... eee!! Nhah, aah, haa, aaaah!!!
JB: N-No...! Fwaah! Stop... pinching my nipples... while you thrust into my pussy!
Narration: *Ignoring JB's pleas, I continue my assault on both fronts.*
Narration: *Her walls are even tighter and hotter than before. It almost feels like they're wrapping around my penis.*
JB: Haaa... Aah, aaaah!! No...! Haaa!! I can't! Stop coming...! Hyaaah!? Ah, aaahn!
Narration: *For all JB's complaints, there's an expression of pure bliss on her face.*
Narration: *I find myself wondering how she'd react if I gave her even more pleasure.*
Narration: *Giving in to my curiosity, I abruptly move my hand from one of JB's nipples to her clitoris.*
JB: High!?! Aah, ha... aah, aaaah!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *She clamps down on my cock even harder than before, and the pleasure nearly overwhelms me.*
Narration: *Rubbing my fingers against her clitoris, I ram my hips against her yet again.*
JB: Hyaa?! Aah, haa, aaaah!! I couldn't stop coming when you played with my nipples... and now you're going for my clit...? I'm going to die...!
Yuuji: Don't worry. Human beings are surprisingly durable creatures...
JB: Ahn, aah, fuaah, haaan!! Aaah, hyah!!
JB: Nng, aah, ah, m-my clit! Hyaa, aahn! M-My pussy... nh, aaah... feels so good...!!
Narration: *The sheets below JB are drenched with her fluids. Not sure if she ejaculated, or if her juices have been flowing slowly out of her all this time.*
Narration: *Pinching her clit, I keep right on slamming my cock deep inside her.*
JB: Fuaa, aah, haa!! N-Not again...! Stop hitting me back there... Hyaa!! Nooo, not my clit... I'm gonna come...!!
Yuuji: ...Weren't you already coming this whole time?
JB: Nn, aah, haa, aaah!! Yes! But... I'm coming again! Aah! Ah! Ah! I'm coming... while I'm coming! Ah! Aaah! Aaaah!!
JB: Aaaaah!!! I'm... comiiiiiing!!!
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *JB's walls contract violently as she reaches yet another climax.*
Narration: *Spurred on by the pressure of her trembling walls, I increase my pace for the final spurt.*
JB: Kuuuh!!! Yaah, n-not again...! Hyaaaa!! Really? I just caaame! Aaahn!
JB: Fwaah, aah! Ah! Aah! You're fucking me... so hard... hyah, aah! If you keep rubbing my clit... I'm going to... aah, aaaaaaaaah!!!
Yuuji: Kuh... you came again...?
JB: Aah! Ah, haan! I-It's your fault...! You keep teasing... my clit... hyah!? Aaah, fwah, ah, aaaahn!!
JB: Haa, aah, aaaah! I-I'm coming again...! Nnng, aaaaah! I'm coming agaaaain...! Ah! Ah! Aah!!
Yuuji: Kuh... I'm gonna come, too...
Narration: *I can feel an irresistable wave of pleasure rising steadily up from somewhere deep inside my body.*
JB: Aaah, haa, aaah! I-I'm coming...! Ah, my clit... fwah, aah, aah! And you're fucking my pussy so haaard...! Ah, ah, aaaaah!
JB: Nhaaaaaaa!!!!
Narration: *JB arches her back as she reaches yet another orgasm.*
Narration: *At the same time, I realize my own climax is rapidly approaching.*
Yuuji: Guh...!!
Narration: *Just as I'm about to ejaculate, I pull my penis out of JB's vagina.*
JB: Naa! Aaah! Ah, aaaaaah...!!!
Narration: *As my come sprays down on her voluptuous body, JB twitches and convulses.*
JB: Haa... Haa... Haa...
Narration: *JB's huge breasts rise and fall with each ragged breath.*
Narration: *Her porcelain skin's covered in beads of sweat, but her body still smells pleasantly sweet.*
JB: Mm... haa... I came... when you sprayed your come on me...
Yuuji: ...You're one hell of a perverted doctor, you know that?
JB: Excuse me...? You're the one that made me this way, you know...
Yuuji: Yeah, I guess.
Yuuji: ...Anyway, you still enjoyed that, right?
JB: Yeah... I could get used to that constant-orgasm thing...
Narration: *There's a dreamy smile on JB's face as she recalls the pleasure I provided her.*
Narration: *You'd think she'd be tired out after all that... but for some reason, it looks like her skin's almost glowing.*
Narration: *As I'm studying JB's face, she looks up at me, and our eyes meet.*
JB: You still look terrible, you know. That's the face of a man who's about ready to murder someone.
JB: So... let's have sex tomorrow, too.♪
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Seems like I've let a total slut get her claws in me...*

Narration: *Slowly awakening, I glance over at my clock. It's my usual wake-up time.*
Narration: *Soon enough, I'll be going about my usual morning routine, beginning another predictable day in my uneventful life.*
Narration: *...Or so I thought.*
Chiara: Onii-chan, how long are you staying in bed for? It's time to get up.
Yuuji: ......
Chiara: Ah, you're awake? Geez, you should've said something. I wasted my time coming all the way over here to wake you up!
Narration: *The young woman who just opened my door and pranced inside is the subordinate of a certain "Harudera Yuria," aka JB. Her name's Chiara Farrell.*
Narration: *A somewhat baby-faced young woman with her silver hair in pigtails, wearing a pair of red-framed glasses... that's Chiara, all right. *
Narration: *However... her outfit's a bit different today.*
Narration: *For some inexplicable reason, she's wearing the Takizono Academy uniform.*
Chiara: Uh, Onii-chan? Are you listening to me?
Yuuji: ...OK, let's start there.
Chiara: Mm? What?
Yuuji: You're older th―
Chiara: Finish that sentence and I might just have to strangle you to death.☆
Yuuji: .........
Chiara: So, what's up?
Yuuji: ......Since when were you my little sister?
Chiara: Since the very beginning, obviously.
Narration: *It's very unclear when this 'beginning' was, though...*
Yuuji: What's your name?
Chiara: Uh, it's Chiara...
Yuuji: Your full name?
Chiara: Chiara Farrell.
Yuuji: .........And what's my name?
Chiara: Kazami Yuuji.
Yuuji: Why do we have different surnames if we're siblings?
Chiara: Huh? C'mon, that's just the way things are in our complex modern society. What are you even talking about?
Yuuji: "Our complex modern society," my ass. Stop dodging the question, woman!
Chiara: Onii-chan, are you feeling okay? You're acting even weirder than usual today.
Yuuji: Right back at you. Why are you calling me your brother? Did you eat something off the side of the road?
Yuuji: Wait, I know. Did JB work you so hard it pushed you over the edge?
Chiara: What? Seriously, Onii-chan, what are you talking about?
Narration: *Hm. Her pupils aren't dilated, and she doesn't have the glassy gaze of a rape victim... from all appearances, she seems to be normal. The problem must be internal.*
Narration: *...Perhaps she's some kind of spy, disguising herself as Chiara in order to ambush me?*
Narration: *If so, they must have done a half-assed job on their investigation. She's not acting anything like the real thing.*
Narration: *What fools...*
Narration: *Approaching "Chiara," I reach out and grab hold of her ass.*
Chiara: ...!?! H-Hey, what do you think you're doing!?
Yuuji: Hmm... nice and plump, with quite a lot of volume... are you actually the real Chiara...?
Chiara: Of course I am! What are you talking about!? And how can you tell it's the real me based on grabbing my ass!?
Yuuji: Hrm... yeah, this is Chiara's ass all right...
Chiara: Mm... Ah... S-Stop groping my butt like that...
Yuuji: What's the matter? Your breathing's getting shaky. Are you getting turned on?
Chiara: I-Idiot! Of course n... nngg!
Narration: *As I squeeze her big round butt, Chiara trembles and gasps for air.*
Yuuji: Okay, that was pretty blatant. Are you still gonna pretend you're not turned on?
Chiara: Uggh...
Narration: *Groaning softly, Chiara turns her blushing face away from mine.*
Narration: *But a moment later, she turns back to glare angrily up into my eyes.*
Chiara: Okay, well... what about you, Onii-chan!?
Yuuji: Hm? What do you mean?
Chiara: Y-You're... g-getting a boner... from squeezing your little sister's butt, aren't you...?
Yuuji: Your butt's got nothing to do with it. This is just a typical case of morning wood.
Chiara: Hmph... what the heck? You're doing lewd things to your adorable little sister, and you won't even admit that it's turning you on?
Yuuji: That's right. I'm not some kind of pervert who gets off from a little groping... unlike some people I could name.
Chiara: I-I am NOT a pervert! And I'm not turned on, either!
Yuuji: ...Oh really? Then you won't mind if I check to make sure, right?
Chiara: Uh... s-sure, I guess...
Chiara: B-But, in exchange... I wanna check yours too! How about it!?
Yuuji: Sure, that works.
Chiara: Huh...? Wait, you're actually okay with this...?
Chiara: Kuh...
Narration: *As the two of us assume the 69 position, Chiara gasps slightly when the bulge in my pants appears right before her eyes.*
Narration: *Ignoring her reaction, I begin my inspection of her underwear.*
Yuuji: Hrm. Looks like you are pretty wet, actually.
Chiara: Wha...!? N-No, I'm not!
Yuuji: You can deny it all you want, but that won't change the facts I'm staring at.
Chiara: Uugh...
Yuuji: In any case... you're wearing some surprisingly cute panties, I see...
Chiara: ...?!
Chiara: W-Well, of course I am! That's totally normal for a girl my age, okay!?
Yuuji: ...Really? You didn't pick these out for me or anything...?
Chiara: ...! N-No, of course not!
Narration: *As Chiara frantically denies my suggestion, the small stain in front of me grows slightly larger.*
Narration: *...Hrm.*
Chiara: Hyaa?!
Narration: *As I run my fingers along Chiara's panties in search of her vagina, she lets out a high-pitched little shriek.*
Chiara: Wh-Where do you think... you're touching!?
Yuuji: ...? Uh, I'm touching your pu―
Chiara: Y-You don't have to say that!
Yuuji: ...? What do you want from me, woman...?
Chiara: N-Nothing! Just forget it...
Chiara: A-Anyway... if you're gonna touch me like that, then I guess I'll just hafta touch you too, Onii-chan!
Yuuji: ...I'm not sure about your logic there, but you can do it if you want.
Chiara: I-It's not like I... need your permission or anything...
Narration: *Her voice squeaking awkwardly, Chiara reaches out timidly for my groin.*
Chiara: S-So this is... my Onii-chan's, uh...
Narration: *Moving her hands along the bulge in my pants to feel the shape of my penis, Chiara mumbles quietly to herself.*
Chiara: Wah! I-It just twitched.
Yuuji: Of course. When you start messing with it like that, it's going to react.
Chiara: H-Hmmm...
Narration: *Responding vaguely, Chiara keeps right on moving her hands.*
Narration: *Of course, if she keeps teasing it this persistently...*
Chiara: Wah! Waah! O-Onii-chan, it's getting bigger and bigger!
Yuuji: Yeah. Because you keep messing with it.
Chiara: Wow... it's really hard...
Yuuji: Listen to me when I'm speaking to you, woman...
Chiara: U-Uh, hey... it must be feeling... pretty cramped in there, right...?
Yuuji: Well, of course...
Chiara: O-Okay then... I'll let it out of your pants...
Chiara: N-Not that I want to, or anything! I just don't have any other choice, okay!?
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *This woman's a royal pain in the ass.*
Narration: *Oblivious to my disdain, Chiara immediately reaches out for my pants.*
Narration: *...Not that I even replied to her offer, but whatever.*
Narration: *Fumbling clumsily, Chiara unbuttons my pants and pulls down the zipper.*
Narration: *I reach up to her skirt and flip it upward, fully exposing the panties I've been observing.*
Chiara: W-Wait, Onii-chan... are you gonna take mine off too...?
Yuuji: Of course.
Chiara: O-Oh... right...
Narration: *Chiara's voice trails off as I take hold of her panties.*
Narration: *As I'm pulling them down, I lift my hips upwards slightly to help Chiara take off my pants.*
Narration: *Her vagina glistens faintly before my eyes... and her distinctly "feminine" scent fills the air.*
Chiara: ...!
Narration: *Drawing a sharp little breath, Chiara pulls down my pants and underwear in one sudden movement.*
Chiara: Hebuh!!
Narration: *My erect penis, finally freed from its prison, springs up and smacks her in the nose.*
Yuuji: Can you try not to make such goofy noises...? It's kind of a turn-off...
Chiara: I-I didn't do that on purpose! M-My hand just slipped, so...
Chiara: I mean, it's your own fault, Onii-chan! If you hadn't gotten such a giant boner, this never would have happened!
Yuuji: You're the one who kept playing with it, remember?
Chiara: U-Ugh...
Chiara: B-But, c'mon... that's no excuse for getting THIS big...
Narration: *Chiara's words trail to a halt, and she falls silent.*
Narration: *Glancing up at her, I realize that she's staring intently at my cock.*
Yuuji: ...You can feel free to touch it, if you're curious.
Chiara: I-I'm not really curious or anything... but if you insist...
Narration: *Gulping quietly, Chiara timidly wraps her hand around the shaft of my cock.*
Chiara: Fwah... it's so hot...
Chiara: And... it's a lot harder than it felt when I touched it through your pants...
Narration: *Just as she'd done before, Chiara moves her hands tentatively, feeling her way around my penis.*
Chiara: It's... really different in person, huh...?
Narration: *As she mumbles softly to herself, Chiara's grip slowly begins to grow stronger.*
Chiara: Ah... I can see the veins here...
Narration: *She's moving so slowly that it almost feels like she's trying to tease me. But her hands are so nice and cool that it's actually pretty enjoyable.*
Chiara: Fwah... Onii-chan, your penis is twitching against my hand...
Chiara: ...D-Don't tell me... you're getting turned on...?
Yuuji: Yeah, I think it's safe to say that I am.
Chiara: O-Oh, I see...
Chiara: I-In that case... I guess I'll... have to get you off...
Chiara: J-Just for your information, I'm only doing this so you won't attack some random girl on the street... don't get the wrong idea!
Yuuji: God, you're a pain... enough with the excuses. If you want to do it, then do it already.
Chiara: I-It's not an excuse...
Narration: *Pouting slightly, Chiara once again fixes her gaze on my private parts.*
Narration: *Her breath comes in excited little pants, repeatedly tickling my cock. I'm starting to feel a little frustrated here.*
Yuuji: Chiara...
Chiara: I-I know, all right...?
Narration: *Her voice quivering, she slowly opens her mouth.*
Narration: *And then...*
Chiara: *Nom*...
Narration: *...she wraps her lips around the head of my cock and touches it gently with her hot little tongue.*
Narration: *Naturally enough, I feel anticipation swelling inside me... but for some reason, the girl stops moving.*
Yuuji: ...What's wrong?
Chiara: Uh, well... I-I was just wondering how you wanted me to do this, Onii-chan...
Yuuji: ...I see. You don't know how to give a blowjob, and you want me to teach you?
Chiara: Th-That's not even what I said!
Yuuji: ...In that case, why do you ask?
Chiara: I... I've watched some dirty videos before... but I'm not sure if that's how you're actually supposed to do it...
Chiara: This is... my first time doing anything like this...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Her reactions up to this point had already given it away... but it's definitely a little thrilling to hear a woman tell you you're her "first."*
Narration: *After savoring the moment for a little while, I begin to give Chiara instructions.*
Yuuji: First of all, I want you to suck on the glans until it's lubricated with your saliva.
Chiara: O-Okay...
Yuuji: ...You DO know where the glans is, I assume?
Chiara: O-Of course I do...!
Narration: *Snapping at me in an irritable tone of voice, Chiara takes the head of my cock into her mouth once again.*
Narration: *She pauses for a moment to let her mouth fill with saliva... and then slowly begins to move her head.*
Chiara: Mm... *suck*... nmn... *slurp*... nn, nn... *smack*...
Narration: *Her wet lips rub repeatedly against the ridge of my glans, but her movements are pretty clumsy, so it's not particularly pleasurable.*
Narration: *That said, it's obvious that she's trying pretty hard to please me.*
Chiara: *Slurp* Nn... nnh, aah... I'm drooling all over you...
Yuuji: That's not a problem. Just keep going.
Chiara: O-Okay... mmm... *smack*... *slurp*... mm, mmm.. nnfh... *smack*... *smack*... nn, nngh...
Narration: *Slowly but surely, Chiara's spit spills out of her mouth, coating the length of my penis.*
Chiara: Mm, ah...? Mmm... *slurp*... I can taste something funny...
Yuuji: That's the proof that I'm enjoying this.
Chiara: Oh... is this that pre-come stuff I've heard so much about...?
Yuuji: Indeed it is.
Chiara: N-No kidding...? So... you're enjoying this, Onii-chan...?
Narration: *Her voice faltering slightly, Chiara mumbles out the words.*
Chiara: ...Nn, mmph... nn, *slurp*... *suck*... nn, *kiss*... nnn... *slurp*... *smack*... *slurp*... nngh...
Narration: *She starts moving her head again, but this time, she's added a little something new to the mix.*
Narration: *...I guess she likes the taste of my pre-come?*
Narration: *For whatever reason, she's periodically pausing to suck it up off the head of my dick.*
Chiara: *Suck*... *kiss*... nn, nn... Hahn... *smack* *kiss*... nn, *slurp* *smack*... nngh...
Narration: *...I think it's about time to move on.*
Narration: *Now that my dick's thoroughly drenched in saliva, we should be ready for the next phase.*
Yuuji: Chiara... take it all the way into your mouth for me, will you...?
Chiara: ...Fine.
Narration: *Well, someone's a little sulky... was she enjoying the taste of my pre-come that much...?*
Yuuji: ...If it's too hard to take it all in, you can just use your hands on the base.
Chiara: Oh, sure. I'll just do that, then.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Somehow, I wish she'd tried a little harder... but I guess it wouldn't be right to complain...*
Narration: *Before I can say anything, Chiara grabs hold of my wet shaft and starts to pump her hands up and down it.*
Chiara: Mmm, *smack*... *smack*... nn, *slurp*... *slurp*... nn, *slurp*... *kiss*... nn, *slurp*... *smack*... nngh... *slurp*...
Yuuji: Guh...!
Narration: *Apparently trying to make up for her failure, she starts running her tongue along the crown of my cock while squeezing it between her lips.*
Narration: *Since she's also working my shaft at the same time, it's pretty damn effective.*
Narration: *Well, we're in a sixty-nine position and all... guess I should get to work returning the favor.*
Chiara: *Sluuurp*... mmm, *kiss*... *smack* *slurp*... nn, nnn... *smack* *smack*... *sluuurp*... nnn... *smack*...
Narration: *Judging from the way fluid's oozing out between the lips of her labia, Chiara seems to be getting a bit aroused by the sounds of her own sloppy blowjob.*
Narration: *I part her labia without hesitation, revealing the light pink entrance of her vagina.*
Chiara: ...?! W-Wait a second! Onii-chan!?
Yuuji: What...?
Chiara: Hyaa! D-Don't lick me there...
Yuuji: I can't just lie here letting you pleasure me without doing anything in return.
Chiara: Fwaah... ah, aaah... s-seriously, not there... nnngh!
Yuuji: What are you on about? You had to know this was going to happen eventually once we got into this position, right?
Chiara: W-Well, I... ah, ahhhn!
Narration: *Everytime I tickle her pussy with my tongue, Chiara offers me an entertaining reaction.*
Narration: *Maybe she's just naturally sensitive...?*
Narration: *Well, that gives me an idea...*
Chiara: H-Hey, what are you...?
Narration: *Chiara's voice is already trembling. Guess she figured out what was coming once I put my lips on the hood of her clit.*
Narration: *Ignoring her anxiety, I use the tip of my tongue to moisten up my target... then suck it out of its protective sheath.*
Chiara: Hyaaaaa!!!
Narration: *Her body stiffening, Chiara lets out a high-pitched shriek of pleasure.*
Yuuji: What, did you come already? I was just getting it out.
Chiara: ...!? N-No, that's... hyaa?!
Narration: *I interrupt Chiara by rubbing my tongue against her clitoris, forcing out another little squeal.*
Narration: *Hrm... this is pretty entertaining, actually. Might become something of a habit.*
Chiara: H-Hey, what... hyaaa! Aaah! Nngh! Haan! Noo, wait a... Ahn! Aah! Ah!
Narration: *Judging from the tone of Chiara's voice... it seems like she's already on the verge of another orgasm.*
Chiara: Haa, aah! Ah, aaah! Nhaaa! Aaaaaah...!!!
Narration: *Shrieking in ecstasy, she ejaculates right before my eyes.*
Yuuji: Hrm. Looks like you came again, huh?
Chiara: ...! *Nom*! *Slurp*, *slurp*... nn, *smack*... *kiss* *smack* *smaaack*!
Narration: *So that's how you want to play it...?*
Narration: *Seems like Chiara's trying to hide her embarrassment by vigorously giving me head... but that's not going to stop me.*
Narration: *I immediately resume my assault on her exposed, defenseless clit.*
Chiara: Hyaan! Nhaah, ah, aaah... nn, nnn... *smack* *smack*... *kiss* *sluuurp*... *smack* *slurp*... nngh, *smack*...!
Narration: *Still sensitive after her climax, Chiara reacts strongly to even the lightest tickle from my tongue. Still, she manages to keep on sucking my cock.*
Yuuji: You don't have to force yourself to keep giving me head, you know.
Chiara: Mm, haa... Screw... that... I'm definitely... gonna make you come, Onii-chan...
Yuuji: I see. In that case, I'll have to return the favor...
Chiara: Hyaaa! Mm... mm... *smack*, *smack*... mm, mmm... mmfh, *kiss* *slurp*... *smack* *slurp* *sluuurp*...!
Narration: *Burning with competitive spirit, we simultaneously attack each other's weak spots.*
Narration: *Chiara's at a disadvantage since she already came once. Even so, she keeps moving her hands and her mouth, bringing me greater and greater pleasure.*
Chiara: Mm! Nngh, nn... mmf, mm... *smack* *smack* *smack*... nhaaah! Aah, aah... gh, ngh... *slurp* *smack* *smack*!
Narration: *Every time she reaches a small climax, Chiara ejaculates slightly, and her hands and mouth move in sudden, unpredictable ways.*
Narration: *My hips start shuddering. I can feel an orgasm approaching quickly.*
Chiara: Hyau! Aah, d-do you have to keep licking my clit like that...? Aahn! Nggh, haa... I'm gonna lick you... right back...
Chiara: *Smack* *slurp* *sluuuurp*... nhaah! Aah, *sluuurp* *sluurp* *kiss*... nnn! *Gasp*... *kiss* *slurrrp* *smack*!
Narration: *Chiara's body is trembling more and more frequently. She's on the verge of another huge orgasm herself.*
Narration: *And she's probably well aware of that fact, judging from the way she's picking up the pace of her attack.*
Chiara: *Slurp* *smack*... haa, aahn! Mmm... *slurp* *smack*... aaah! Haa... mmm... *slurp* *smack* *smack*!
Chiara: Eeek...! *Smack* *smack*... O-Onii-chan... *slurp*... I can't hold back...! Mmm... *smack* *slurp* I-I'm gonna come...!
Yuuji: Sure, go right ahead...
Chiara: Nhaa, aaah! *Smack* *smack* *slurp*...! Mmh! Haa, aaah! Ah, aaah! Mm... *slurp* *smack*...! Aaaah!
Chiara: *Smack*... nggh! Aaah! I can't...! Aaaaah! Nn, *slurp* *smack*! *Kiss*... aaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!!
Narration: *Chiara lets out a sweet, high-pitched shriek.*
Narration: *Thanks to her determined fellatio, I hit my climax at almost exactly the same time.*
Narration: *Come gushes all over Chiara's face, and her ejaculate splashes against mine.*
Narration: *Our faces dripping with each other's juices, we pause to savor the blissful sensations coursing through our bodies.*
Chiara: Nhah... ah, aah... haahn...
Narration: *It must have been really good for Chiara. Even after her ejaculation ceases, her body continues to shudder violently.*
Chiara: Haa... haa... Onii-chan... you came so much...
Chiara: ...Does that mean... it felt really good...?
Yuuji: Yeah... I think it was just about as good for me as it was for you, Chiara.
Chiara: Hyaah!!
Narration: *When I gently caress her clit with my tongue, Chiara lets out a little yelp.*
Narration: *A moment later, a stream of cloudy white liquid trickles out of her vagina.*
Yuuji: ...What, you still haven't gotten enough pleasure?
Chiara: I-I didn't say that!
Yuuji: In that case, are we done here?
Chiara: Oh. Uhm... well...
Narration: *I'm not entirely sure Chiara's aware of the fact that her hand just wrapped itself around my cock.*
Yuuji: ...Well?
Chiara: I-I don't want... for it to be over...
Chiara: I want to... do more sexy stuff with you, Onii-chan...
Yuuji: Sure, I think that can be arranged.
Yuuji: Let's change positions first... get off me for a second, all right?
Narration: *To emphasize my polite request, I give Chiara's juicy ass a firm slap.*
Narration: *But the girl just sits there paralyzed, her body quivering slightly.*
Yuuji: ...What is it?
Chiara: Um... I... I'm just so wobbly, I can't...
Narration: *Well, guess that's what happens when you make a virgin come over and over again...*
Narration: *Grabbing hold of Chiara's ass, I gently slide her off me.*
Narration: *After getting up off the bed, I proceed to return her body to its original face-down position.*
Chiara: Huh...? Y-You want me like this again...?
Yuuji: I do enjoy seeing your face while you're coming, but this ass is too fine to ignore.
Chiara: You've got one hell of a butt fetish, Onii-chan...
Narration: *Ignoring Chiara's exasperated little sigh, I reach out and grasp her plump ass.*
Narration: *The sensation's oddly comforting. I fondle it gently as I push the head of my cock into the mouth of her vagina.*
Yuuji: ...I'm putting it in, okay?
Chiara: S-Sure...
Narration: *Chiara's voice trembles a bit, but I slowly move my hips forward anyway.*
Narration: *Her pussy's so wet by now that there's an audible squelch as the head of my cock gently pushes inside her.*
Chiara: Mm... *huff*, aaah... nngh!
Narration: *Her body quivers sharply as I push through her hymen.*
Narration: *That went a lot more smoothly than I'd expected. Maybe it's because I made her come half a dozen times already... or because she's got such a massive ass.*
Chiara: Ah... Onii-chan... you're pushing inside me...
Yuuji: You doing okay?
Chiara: Y-Yeah... mm... it feels kinda hot down there... nnh... b-but it doesn't hurt too much...
Yuuji: I see.
Narration: *Chiara seems to be holding up okay, so I proceed to move myself further in.*
Narration: *Pushing my way through hot, wet, uncharted territory, I eventually reach the very deepest part of her vagina.*
Chiara: Haa! Aah, hah... aaah...
Narration: *Her body trembling, Chiara exhales loudly.*
Chiara: W-Was that you just now...?
Yuuji: Yeah, it was.
Narration: *With a slow movement of my hips, I rub my cock up against the mouth of her womb.*
Chiara: Mm... haaah... I can't believe we're really doing this... even though we're siblings...
Yuuji: ...Uh, sure.
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, I still don't really get that whole "sibling" thing...*
Yuuji: ...If that's bothering your conscience, we could always just call it off.
Chiara: It's a... little late to be saying that now...
Chiara: C'mon, Onii-chan... let's do it...
Yuuji: Word of warning. I don't care if it's your first time, and I don't care if you're my sister... I'm not gonna hold back.
Chiara: C-Could you at least go easy on me... until I get used to this...?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Instead of offering Chiara a response, I grab her ass once again and slowly begin to slide my penis out of her.*
Chiara: Aaah... ah, aah... haahn... you're... nng... taking it out, Onii-chan...?
Yuuji: Hmm... you sound pretty broken up about that.
Chiara: Huff... haa... n-no I don't... mm...
Yuuji: Sure, sure...
Chiara: Ah...!
Narration: *Just as the head of my cock's about to emerge, Chiara's pussy squeezes tightly down on it. *
Narration: *My well-lubricated penis naturally slides right back into her.*
Yuuji: Did you do that on purpose?
Chiara: ...? What are you talking about?
Narration: *Guess it was reflexive...*
Narration: *Chiara's body seems to be begging for more, so I guess I should tease her a little.*
Narration: *Squeezing her ass tightly, I drive my penis all the way into her in one sudden stroke.*
Chiara: Hyaa?! Aah, haa... kuuugh...
Narration: *As my penis bumps up against her cervix, Chiara trembles and lets out a shriek of pleasure.*
Narration: *Her pussy's quivering frantically around me. Seems like she might have had a little orgasm already.*
Yuuji: Hrm. Looks like doggy-style was the right choice after all...
Chiara: Hah, haah... what d'you mean...?
Yuuji: The way your ass jiggles when I thrust into you really turns me on.
Chiara: What kind of perverted... hyaan!!
Narration: *Before Chiara can finish her sentence, I slam my hips into her.*
Narration: *And as her ass quivers from the sudden impact, I thrust forward a second time.*
Chiara: Fwaah! Aah, haa... hnngh!
Narration: *Her sweet little moans only encourage me to pick up the pace.*
Chiara: Ah, aah! Haa, nngh!! Onii-chan... haa... you keep hitting me... all the way in the back...!
Yuuji: You sure seem to be enjoying this... guess you like having your womb teased, huh?
Chiara: Haa, aaah... h-how should I know...? Aahn! This is my... first time, so... mmh!
Yuuji: Hrm. All right then, allow me to rephrase my question.
Yuuji: Does it feel good when my cock hits the back of your pussy?
Chiara: Aah... nnh, aah, aah... y-yeah... it feels... good! Ahn... it feels so good... when you hit me back there...!
Narration: *Those words light a fire inside me.*
Narration: *I figured it'd take a while for Chiara to get used to this, since she's a virgin... but it looks like she'll be fine.*
Narration: *Clutching her plump ass firmly, I start ramming my cock into her much harder than before.*
Chiara: Fwaah, aah, aaah! O-Onii-chan... Aah! Ahn! That's too rough... I'm gonna... hyah, aaahn!
Yuuji: You really are sensitive, aren't you?
Chiara: Nng... haa, ahn! That's because... you keep making me feel good, Onii-chan... ngh! Ah! Aaah!
Yuuji: Don't worry, I'll make you come plenty of times just like before. No need to fight it.
Chiara: Haa, aah! Nn... fwaah! N-No way... ah, aaah! We're finally having sex... nngh! So I wanna come with you, Onii-chan...
Narration: *Evidently trying to resist the urge to come, Chiara squeezes her pussy tightly against me.*
Narration: *When I move my hips, the growing pressure of her soft walls sends waves of pleasure from the head of my cock all the way down the shaft.*
Chiara: Nhaah? I... felt you twitch inside of me just now... nh, aah... Onii-chan, does that feel good...?
Yuuji: Yeah, it feels great.
Chiara: ...! Mm... N-No kidding...?
Narration: *Chiara's walls get hotter and secrete more fluid with every stroke.*
Narration: *I find myself thrusting faster and faster, trying to churn up her insides and make her plump ass jiggle.*
Chiara: Fwaah?! Aah, ha, ahn! Ngg, haa... Aaah, hyaa, aah! N-Not again... you're going... so hard!!
Yuuji: ...Damn, you're really clamping down...
Chiara: Ah, ah! Ngg, haa...! Wh-What the heck...? Hnn! It feels so good... when you grind me like that...!
Chiara: Haa... Aan! Ngh...! I can't take this...! It was bad enough when you hit my womb... b-but now my pussy feels so good too... ah, ah, aaah!
Narration: *Moaning in pleasure, Chiara grabs at the sheets in desperation.*
Narration: *I carry on my assualt anyway, repeatedly slapping my hips up against Chiara's ass.*
Chiara: Hyaa! Ngh, haa, aah, aaah! No! Aaah! Onii-chan, you can't...! I'm gonna... aaah!
Yuuji: Go on, come...
Chiara: Hnng, haa, aaah! Hnnn! Aah! Aaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...!
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *As she shrieks in pleasure, Chiara's body goes stiff.*
Narration: *Her walls contract around my cock and quiver just like her body.*
Chiara: Haa... Hyaah?! Aaaaah!
Narration: *The instant Chiara's body relaxes, her vagina releases its tight hold on me, and my cock slides back all the way to the mouth of her womb.*
Narration: *Startled by the sudden, forceful impact, she arches her back and lets out a shrill little cry.*
Narration: *Naturally, I keep right on moving my hips, pleasuring her entire pussy as her ass jiggles in front of me.*
Chiara: Fwaah, aah, aahn! Aah, haa, aah! W-Wait, Onii-chan...! Aaah, I-I just came... guuuuh!!
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm aware. I was watching it happen, you know?
Chiara: Haa, aah, aah! Oh geez... my pussy feels so good... I'm gonna go crazy...! Aah! Ah!
Yuuji: Sure, go right ahead... why don't you come again, while you're at it?
Chiara: Hyuu, aaah, haa! Aah...? A-Am I coming...? I'm coming...? Aah! Aaah! I don't even know anymore...! It all feels too good...!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Chiara: Aah! Haa, aahn! Aaah! Onii-chan...! Aaaah! Onii-chan! Aaan, aah, aaaah!
Yuuji: Chiara... I'm gonna come...
Chiara: Haaan! Y-Yeah...! Fwaah! Aah! Ah! C-Come...! Aaaah! Gimme lots of come...!
Yuuji: Guh!!
Chiara: Fwaah?! Ah, aah...! Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!!
Narration: *Chiara lets out another scream of pleasure as I ejaculate inside her tight little pussy.*
Narration: *She clamps down so strongly that it feels like she's milking the come out of me. My hips shudder with pleasure.*
Chiara: Haa... ah, aaah... ah, haa... haah...
Narration: *Little by little, the tension drains out of Chiara's body... and cloudy white fluid begins to ooze out of her vagina.*
Chiara: Aah... something's... spilling out... nngh...
Narration: *Chiara shivers slightly as my come begins to trickle down her thigh.*
Narration: *Along with a bit of blood from Chiara's hymen, the semen drips down onto the bed, staining my sheets.*
Narration: *Guess I'll have to wash those later. With that thought in mind, I start to pull out...*
Chiara: Ah...
Narration: *But as I'm moving, Chiara lets out a sad little sound.*
Yuuji: What?
Chiara: ...Are... are we done already?
Yuuji: ...Look, you already came like twenty times. Do you still want more?
Chiara: Th-That's not what I meant. Sure, I came a lot... but you only came twice, Onii-chan. I was just wondering if you were okay with that!
Yuuji: I mean, I don't really mi...
Chiara: Twice isn't enough, right? You're a strapping young man and all...
Yuuji: ...If you want more, just say so.
Chiara: Uggh...
Narration: *I'm a bit astonished by the depths of Chiara's horniness, but so be it. Reaching out with both hands, I seize her chubby ass firmly.*
Yuuji: ...All right then, here we go.
Chiara: Okay...
Narration: *Chiara turns back to me to nod softly... and I immediately start thrusting my hips once more.*
Chiara: Aahn!
Narration: *Chiara moans and quivers as the head of my cock touches her cervix. Her semen-drenched walls clamp down on me.*
Narration: *Her pussy's squeezing tightly enough that my every thrust pushes more fluid back out of her vagina.*
Chiara: Aaah... aw, no... nngh... Onii-chan, you're pushing your come out...
Yuuji: It's your fault for clamping down on me like that.
Chiara: Ngg, haa... aah... b-but I can't help it... this feels too good, Onii-chan...! Ahn!
Narration: *I'm not even moving too quickly yet, but Chiara's already reacting dramatically.*
Narration: *Well, I guess she was a bit on the sensitive side to begin with... she's probably not over those last few orgasms yet.*
Yuuji: I could just keep it all the way back here, if you want...
Chiara: Nngh... aah... it does feel good, nn... but I don't want you to just sit there... haa, haa... I want to feel good all over...
Yuuji: ...I see. All right then.
Narration: *A bit reluctantly, I release my grip on Chiara's ass, then bend forward slightly to thrust in and out of her.*
Chiara: Aaahn, haa, haa... Ah, ah! It feels so good... when you move back and forth like that...! Hnngh!
Yuuji: I'm not done yet, you know.
Chiara: Huh...? Hyaaa?!
Narration: *As Chiara looks back at me with an expression of dopey surprise, I reach out and touch her erect clitoris.*
Narration: *Her reaction's even better than before. Not too surprising, since I'm simultaneously thrusting into her pussy.*
Chiara: Fwaah, aah, aaah, aaahn! O-Onii-chan, not there...! Aahn! That's too much... it feels too good...!
Yuuji: What do you mean, "not there"? Care to be more specific!
Chiara: Hnng, aah! Haan! My... clitoris! Don't rub it... nhaah! Aah... while you're thrusting through my pussy... hyaah! Aaah!
Yuuji: Hm, I don't know. It looks like you're enjoying it.
Chiara: Haa, aah, aaaah! Y-Yeah, but... ah! It's too much! Haaa, aaah! It feels so good... I think I'm gonna lose it...!
Yuuji: Seriously? You're gonna come on your own again?
Chiara: ...! Th-That's not... nhaah! I'm... clenching up and trying to stop it... nngh... but you keep rubbing against me...!
Yuuji: Hrm. Guess I shouldn't just be rubbing your pussy, huh? Your clit needs some love too...
Chiara: Hyaa?! Aaah! Ha, aah! N-Not my clit...! Aaah! You're rubbing it... so hard!!
Narration: *Whenever Chiara tries to resist a coming climax... whenever I rub her clit... her pussy squeezes down tightly.*
Narration: *Thanks to the lubrication of her fluids and my own semen, it doesn't stop me from thrusting into her, but the sensation's incredibly intense.*
Chiara: ...! Haa, aah...! I-I can't do it...! Nng! Ah! Aaah! It feels too good... I can't stop myself!
Yuuji: Just let yourself come a few times in a row, why don't you? That's what you've been doing all along...
Narration: *Finally giving in to the pleasure, Chiara begins to quiver violently as my two-pronged attack continues.*
Chiara: Aaah, haa, aaah! Aaahn! Oh geez... I already came a little...!
Yuuji: But a "little" orgasm isn't enough to satisfy you, right?
Chiara: Aah, haa, nngh!! Y-Yeah... I want a big one... I want a real orgasm!!!
Yuuji: Sure thing.
Chiara: Hnn! Haa, aahn! Aaaah! Aah! Ah! Mmph! Haa... Aaah! Aaaaah!
Narration: *As I redouble my efforts, Chiara starts screaming like a banshee.*
Narration: *The sound of our bodies slapping against each other grows louder and louder as the two of us head toward a final climax.*
Chiara: Haa, aahn! Haaan! Aah! Aah, aaah! It's coming... a really good one's coming...!
Yuuji: Kuh... I'm about to come too...
Chiara: Aah, aaah! Aahn! O-Onii-chan...! I wanna...! I wanna come together...!
Yuuji: Where do you want it this time?
Chiara: Nggh, kuh! Haaa, aaah...! A-Anywhere...! Nng! Come anywhere you want, Onii-chan...!
Yuuji: All right.
Chiara: Aaah! Ah, haa! Aah! Aah, aaaah! I'm c-coming...! Nggh! Aah, aah, aaaaah!
Chiara: I'm coooooming...!!!!!
Yuuji: Guh!
Narration: *I pull out right as Chiara's pussy contracts and ejaculate all over her.*
Narration: *A surprisingly thick coat of semen covers her nice plump ass completely.*
Chiara: Nngh! Haa, aaah... my butt feels so hot...
Narration: *Chiara's body trembles as my semen slowly rolls down her buttcheeks.*
Narration: *Hrm... now that's a pretty picture. Big asses really are the best.*
Narration: *Probably shouldn't keep staring at her like this, or I'll end up going for a fourth round...*
Narration: *...But in any case... does this mean Chiara's my little sister now?*
Yuuji: .........
Chiara: ...? What's wrong?
Yuuji: ...Uh, it's nothing.
Narration: *I think I'll just give in. It's too much of a pain in the ass to resist.*
Narration: *She's definitely the real Chiara, at least. I knew that from the moment I grabbed hold of her ass.*
Narration: *And thus... the two of us officially became siblings following an afternoon of sexual passion.*
Narration: *To be continued...?*

Amane: ...Tch... What's up with that, Kazuki...? There's no way she'd ever be that nice to me...
Narration: *I'm feeling a little bit conflicted about Kazuki acting so kind to Hirooka.*
Narration: *Doesn't help that I got my neck bitten by a leech earlier, either. The aching pain only adds to my vague sense of irritation.*
Amane: If you like Hirooka that much, why don't you just marry her...?
Narration: *"Uh, hold on a second here, self. What did you just say?"*
Narration: *"I mean, what...? You'd almost think I was jealous here, or something."*
Narration: *"Well... huh. Now that I think about it... maybe I really am... a little jealous?"*
Narration: *"But... Kazuki and I are both girls, so, uh... No, what exactly is going on here?"*
Kazuki: Amane.
Amane: Wah! Kazuki?! Wh-What is it?
Narration: *As I was trying to sort through my feelings, Kazuki suddenly appeared in front of me.*
Kazuki: I trust you more than anyone else, and I'm relying on you more than anyone else. That's a fact.
Kazuki: Wherever I may go, in the end I'll return to you. All you need to do is wait with dignity and confidence.
Amane: ...Wh-What are you talking about?
Kazuki: You really don't understand? I'm telling you that you're indispensable to me. Come here, Amane.
Amane: Wha? Huh? Wh-Why?
Kazuki: You're bleeding from the neck...
Amane: 「Ah... yeah, a leech bit me... but it doesn't hurt, so don't worry about it...
Kazuki: But look, the blood's still flowing... If we leave it be, you'll be bleeding for hours, you know? Hurry up and get over here.
Amane: ...Ah...
Narration: *Kazuki reaches her small arms up, draws my head down, then presses her lips against the scruff of my neck. After briefly running her tongue along the area of the leech bite, she begins to suck on the wound.*
Kazuki: ...Mf... *smack*... *slurp*... mm... mmf... *slurrrp*... *smack*...
Amane: Ah... mmm... ah... haa... stop... wai... Ka... zuki... not so hard... You're gonna suck it right out of me... mmm... ah... haaa... mm...
Kazuki: ...Don't worry, I'll suck out every last drop... mm... *smack*... *slurrrp*... mmm... mwa...
Narration: *"What the hell IS this? Why does she have to... why does this have to be so... erotic?"*
Narration: *"Kazuki's lips... They're small... and soft... and kinda... feel nice..."*
Narration: *"Uh... this isn't good... Now I'm getting in a weird mood..."*
Amane: Mm... Fwaah...
Narration: *It feels so good that I start to moan a little.*
Kazuki: Mm... *smooch*... mmm... What's the matter, Amane? Are you getting a little aroused?
Amane: ...N-No, of course not...
Kazuki: Hmmmm...
Narration: *Instead of continuing, Kazuki stares fixedly at my face.*
Narration: *It feels like she's looking right through me. I can't help turning away from her gaze.*
Narration: *"Aw man... I might as well be admitting she's right..."*
Kazuki: There's no need to be embarrassed. Lust is one of the three fundamental human desires.
Amane: Well... sure, I guess, but...
Narration: *Oh, crap... my heart's still racing...*
Narration: *There's a fire burning inside me, and it doesn't feel like it's going to go out any time soon...*
Narration: *But I can't just tell her I'm turned on... I'm way too embarrassed to admit it...*
Kazuki: ...I feel a bit silly even asking this, but... don't tell me you've never even masturbated before, Amane?
Amane: Well, I mean... I have, sure...
Kazuki: In that case, you should stop holding back. It's not healthy.
Amane: U-Uh, easy for you to say...
Narration: *"What do you want me to say!?"*
Narration: *"It's not like I'm going to just rub one out right here!"*
Kazuki: ...Do you want me to lend you a hand, perhaps?
Amane: Huh...?
Kazuki: You should have just said so earlier.
Amane: Huh? Wha...?
Narration: *I don't get where Kazuki's going with this. I've lost track of the conversation.*
Narration: *As I'm standing there in a panic, she crouches down and lowers my tights and panties.*
Amane: Hey, Kazuki!
Kazuki: This skirt is in the way. Amane, lift it up for me.
Amane: Uh, okay.
Narration: *Kazuki orders me the way she always does, and I reflexively lift my skirt.*
Kazuki: Make sure you keep it that way, understood?
Amane: Uu...
Narration: *Just as I'm coming to my senses, Kazuki hits me with another stern command, and I freeze up... with my private parts still exposed.*
Amane: Ka-Kazuki... are we really doing this...?
Kazuki: You can't wait any longer, can you?
Amane: I... Well, yeah...
Narration: *It's incredibly embarrassing to have her looking at me like this... but my private parts are getting hotter and hotter, and I can tell that I'm already pretty wet.*
Narration: *She was just sucking some blood out of my neck, but... I was practically throbbing with desire by the end.*
Amane: Guh...
Kazuki: ......
Narration: *Kazuki's... staring at my pussy.*
Narration: *The more I think about that, the hotter my body grows... and the wetter I get.*
Kazuki: Does the idea of doing this with me... repulse you?
Amane: That's not it at all...
Narration: *I'm as interested in sex as most girls my age.*
Narration: *And if I had to pick someone here to do it with... I'd go with Kazuki in a heartbeat.*
Narration: *But...*
Amane: I haven't taken a bath in ages... I'm really gross right now...
Kazuki: No, you're not.
Kazuki: In fact... you're quite lovely down here...
Amane: Ah...
Narration: *Kazuki's compliment only makes my body even hotter.*
Narration: *"Oh man, what do I do...?"*
Narration: *"I want her... to touch me..."*
Kazuki: All right. I'll give you all the pleasure you want...
Narration: *Seems like she read my mind.*
Narration: *Touching my vagina with her small fingers, Kazuki gently spreads it open.*
Amane: Uuu...
Narration: *"Kazuki's... opening up my pussy..."*
Narration: *"She can see all the way inside..."*
Kazuki: Your vagina's such a pretty shade of pink, Amane...
Amane: ...!
Kazuki: Your walls are quite wet... and they're twitching constantly. How very obsecene...
Amane: ...
Narration: *Chills run up my spine every time a dirty word leaves Kazuki's mouth.*
Kazuki: My, it seems you're getting even wetter.
Narration: *The fluid gathering inside me slowly begins dripping down out of my vagina.*
Amane: Uu...
Narration: *What happened to giving me pleasure...? Kazuki's just sitting there, holding my vagina open...*
Amane: Ka-Kazuki... This is embarrassing... Don't stare so much...
Kazuki: Oh? Are you begging me to hurry up and pleasure you, then?
Narration: *Smiling mischievously, Kazuki asks me the most humiliating possible question.*
Narration: *"You already know the answer...!"*
Kazuki: Haha, don't look so sad.
Kazuki: Don't worry. I'll make you feel good...
Narration: *I can feel even more fluid flow out of me as soon as I hear those words.*
Kazuki: Mm... *smooch*...
Amane: Nnhaaa!
Narration: *Kazuki kisses my vagina, and an electric shock runs through my body.*
Kazuki: *Smooch*... nn, fuh, mmm... *smack*... mm... *kiss*... nn, haa...
Amane: Mm... haa, ah... aaah... nng... ah, fwah... ah, ah... haan... nngh...
Narration: *For a while, Kazuki keeps on gently kissing my labia, trying to relax me.*
Narration: *Just being touched by her lips feels astonishingly good.*
Narration: *As more and more fluid oozes out of me, I simply can't help moaning.*
Kazuki: You're certainly making some adorable sounds, Amane...
Amane: ...!
Narration: *Kazuki's little observation intensifies my embarrassment still further.*
Kazuki: Oh my, you're leaking love juice again. Mm, *slurp*...
Amane: Nhaaa!
Narration: *Kazuki sucks out my "juices," forcing more "adorable" sounds out of my mouth.*
Narration: *Indifferent to my embarrassment, she keeps right on kissing my soaking-wet vagina.*
Kazuki: Mm... *smooch*... *slurp*... nn, *kiss* *kiss*... haa... *kiss* *slurp*...
Amane: Haa, ahn... ah, ah, aaah... haaa... ahn... nngh...
Narration: *I'm so embarrassed... but I still can't keep my voice down.*
Narration: *Every time Kazuki kisses me, I let out a little moan. My body's so hot it feels like I'm going to melt.*
Kazuki: Mmm... *smooch*... mm, amazing... you're getting even wetter, Amane...
Amane: Aah... nooo... don't say that, it's embarrassing...
Kazuki: You really are adorable when you're flustered, Amane...
Amane: Aah, no... don't look at meee...
Narration: *Kazuki pauses her kisses to meet my gaze. The sight of her gentle, narrow eyes fills me with shame.*
Narration: *But at the same time... I feel my womb starting to heat up.*
Kazuki: Oh look, you're dripping again... nn, *kiss*...
Amane: Mmh! Aah, haaa...
Kazuki: Mm... mmmch... *slurp* *slurp*... mmh... *kiss* *slurp*... *sluuurp*...
Amane: Ah, ah, aah... nngh... Nooo, I'm so embarrassed...
Kazuki: Mmmpch... mm... is it that embarrassing when I suck out your juices...?
Amane: Nngh, nnh... y-yeah...
Kazuki: In that case, I suppose I'll have to lap up even more... mm... *slurp*...
Amane: Aahn! Ah, haa... mm, mmm... wh-why...?
Kazuki: Because you're absolutely adorable when you're embarrassed... mm... *kiss*... *smooch*...
Amane: ...!! Fwaah, aaah... aah... aahn...
Narration: *I can't tell if Kazuki really means that, or if she's just teasing me.*
Narration: *Either way... her words bring me a shocking amount of pleasure, and my moans are getting even louder than before.*
Kazuki: *Smooch*... *slurp*, *sluuurp*... mmm, *kiss*... *slurp*, *kiss*...
Amane: Mm!! Haa, aah... do you have to... do it so loudly...? It's e-embarrassing...
Kazuki: There's nothing to be embarrassed about. Just sit back and enjoy yourself. Let me hear more of those adorable moans, Amane...
Amane: ...!!
Narration: *"Stupid Kazuki... It kills me when you say things like that..."*
Kazuki: Come on, Amane... mmm... mmmch... *slurp* *kiss*... nng... *sluuurp*...
Amane: Haa, aah... aah, mmm... aah, aaa... haa... aaah...
Narration: *Kazuki slurps even harder than before, as if deliberately trying to make the sounds louder.*
Narration: *Even time I let out a moan of shame, her assault only intensifies.*
Narration: *I've been thinking about it for a while, but now I know for sure... this girl's definitely a total sadist.*
Kazuki: Mmph... *slurp*... *kiss* *kiss* *sluurp*... *slurp*... mm, mmm... *lick*... *slurp*...
Amane: Aaah, aaah... nooo, Kazuki... aahnn... stop doing it... so loudly! Ahhhn!
Kazuki: *Sluuuurp*... nng... mmm... nnggg... *slurp*... *smack*...
Narration: *"Ka-Kazuki really wants to embarrass me, doesn't she..."*
Narration: *I don't want to give in to her will, but... her lips just feel so damn good that it's hard to resist...*
Narration: *Every time she sucks my juices out of me, my mind just goes blank... and my moans get a little louder...*
Kazuki: Mm... *smooch*... *smack*... Are you enjoying this, Amane...?
Amane: Uuu...
Narration: *"Stop asking me questions when you already know the answer..."*
Kazuki: Mm... *smooch*... Tell me, Amane...
Amane: Uu... It feels... really good...
Narration: *My body burns even hotter the instant those words pass through my lips.*
Narration: *Of course, Kazuki's definitely not going to overlook that.*
Narration: *I'm sure she has a nasty little grin on her face right now...*
Amane: Kazuki, you bully...
Kazuki: Yes, I suppose I am a bit of a bully.
Kazuki: But... you like being bullied, don't you?
Narration: *"What...? Do I...?"*
Kazuki: Oh? You weren't aware?
Kazuki: Your clitoris has gotten quite swollen over the last few minutes...
Amane: Huh...? Hyaaan!!!
Narration: *A sharp burst of pleasure runs up my spine, and for a moment, the world goes white.*
Kazuki: You're quite sensitive, Amane... mmm... *lick*...
Amane: Wait, wai― fwaaah! Aah, haan! Nn, aaahn!
Narration: *Powerful waves of pleasure wash over me as Kazuki laps at my clitoris with her stubby little tongue.*
Narration: *The kisses were nothing compared to this. My body's twitching, and I can't control it.*
Kazuki: Nng... mmm... *lick*... *kiss*... your voice is getting even more adorable, Amane...
Amane: ...!! Nhaah! D-Don't say such... fwaah, ah, aah! E-Embarrassing things... aaahn!
Kazuki: There's nothing to be ashamed of. You really are adorable.
Amane: Nngh! Aah, haa... Ah, ah...
Narration: *Spurred on by Kazuki's words... and the movements of her tongue... the pleasure inside me swells to new heights. I can feel even more love juice dripping out of the twitching mouth of my vagina.*
Kazuki: Oh my, you've sprung another leak...
Kazuki: Mm... *sluuuurp*... *kiss*... nng, *smack*... nnnn... *smack* *slurp*...
Amane: Fwaaah! No, aah, haaan! Not my pussy... AND my clit... nnh, ah, ah! S-Stoooop...!
Kazuki: Mm... why? Mmm... doesn't it feel good?
Amane: Haa, ngh! It... haaa! It does, but... nnh!
Kazuki: Then there's no problem, is there? I'm doing this to bring you pleasure, Amane... *smooch*...
Narration: *Come to think of it, she's right.*
Narration: *She's already seen me thoroughly humiliate myself... so there's no reason to try and save face now.*
Narration: *Maybe... I should just let Kazuki do what she wants...?*
Kazuki: Go on, Amane. Enjoy yourself to your heart's content... *smooch*... mmmch...
Amane: Aah, aaaah!
Narration: *Abandoning my attempts to resist, I let myself enjoy Kazuki's kisses... and the bliss intensifies yet again.*
Narration: *"Wow, this is amazing..."*
Narration: *My pussy's tingling with pleasure... every touch of Kazuki's lips, tongue, and breath sends little electric jolts running through my body.*
Kazuki: Mmm... *kiss* *smack*... *slurrrrp*... *kiss* *kiss*... nng, *sluuurp*... *slurp*...
Amane: Haa, aah, aah... fwaah! Ka-Kazuki... aahn! Th-That feels so good...
Kazuki: Mm? What does?
Amane: Haa... the way you're... kissing my clit... and licking it...
Kazuki: *Kiss*!
Amane: Aahn! Th-That's it... That feels so amazing...
Kazuki: In that case, I'll give your clitoris even more love.
Amane: Y-Yeah... please... I want more... fwaaah! Ah, aaah!
Narration: *As Kazuki laps gently at my clit, the sweet tingling sensation spreads through the rest of my body.*
Narration: *It feels sooo good... I think I might get addicted to this...*
Kazuki: *Smooch*... haaa... well...? Does that feel good, Amane?
Amane: Haa... Y-Yeah, it feels great... ahn! I think I'm gonna melt... into a puddle of mush...
Kazuki: Well, good for you... mmm, *kiss* *kiss*... mmmf, mm... *kiss* *lick*... nnng... *slurp*...
Amane: Fwaah, aaah, ah! M-My clit feels so good...! Nnhah, aahn! This feels so goooood, Kazuki...
Amane: Nnh... haa... Kazuki... aah... more... give me mooore...
Kazuki: Well, if you insist.
Kazuki: *Slurp*... nng, *kiss*... *sluuuurp*... mmm... *sluuuurp*, nnn, *kiss*... *kiss* *sluuuuurp*...!
Amane: Nhaaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *With her tongue still on my clit, Kazuki gently slips a finger into my vagina and starts to rub my G-spot.*
Narration: *The simultaneous external and internal attack temporarily overwhelms my brain's ability to function.*
Amane: Nhaa, ah, haaa! Noooo, Kazuki... ahn! How do you know... exactly where to touch me...?
Kazuki: Well, I wonder...
Narration: *With that playful response, Kazuki intensifies her attack on my clit and G-spot.*
Amane: Fwaaah, aaah, haaa! Ka-Kazukiii...! Nng! I-I think I'm gonna come...
Kazuki: Go right ahead.
Amane: Haa, ah, aaah! O-Okay... Ah, ah, aaah! Make me come, Kazuki... aah! Make me coooome...!
Kazuki: Nnng... mmmpch... *sluuurp*... *kiss* *kiss* *smack*... *sluuurp* *kiss* *smack*!
Narration: *In response to my desperate plea, Kazuki suddenly increases the pace of her movements.*
Amane: Nnaah, aaah, ha, aaah! Ah, ah! I'm gonna...! Aaahn! I-I'm... comiiiing...! Ah, aaah, aaaah!
Amane: I'm comiiiiing!!!
Narration: *As the pleasure inside me reaches its climax, the world goes white before my eyes.*
Amane: Ah, aaah... aah, haaaaaa...
Narration: *That was... way, way better than any orgasm I've ever given myself.*
Narration: *I'm sure I have a totally ridiculous look on my face right now...*
Narration: *...But I don't mind, as long as Kazuki's the only one who sees it.*
Narration: *She's still staring up at me... and right now, that's okay with me.*
Amane: Haa, ah... aah, aaah...
Amane: Haa... haa, haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *As I come down slowly from the intense climax, I can feel my body beginning to relax.*
Narration: *This isn't good. I might collapse if I'm not careful...*
Kazuki: You were beautiful, Amane... *smooch*...
Amane: Ah...
Narration: *The moment her lips touch me, my legs give out.*
Kazuki: Huh? H-Hey...!
Amane: Kazukiii...
Kazuki: Are you all right? Your eyes are a bit hazy.
Amane: It's... your turn now, Kazuki...
Kazuki: What? Th-That won't be necessary...
Narration: *Kazuki looks a bit flustered. Guess she didn't see this coming.*
Narration: *I don't get to see her like this that often... but it's pretty cute.*
Amane: Gotcha.
Narration: *As Kazuki tries to back away from me, I reach out and grab hold of her leg.*
Narration: *I'm still drained from my orgasm, but Kazuki's injured, so it's not too hard to overpower her.*
Kazuki: Wh-What are you doing, Amane? Let go of me.
Amane: Noooo way.
Narration: *Keeping a firm grip on her leg with my right hand, I make sure she's pinned in place.*
Narration: *Using my free hand, I reach out for her panties and quickly pull them down.*
Kazuki: Wha...!?
Amane: Oh? You're pretty wet yourself, Kazuki.
Kazuki: Fwah?!
Narration: *As I run my fingertips along her vagina, Kazuki lets out a cute little moan.*
Narration: *Oh man... Kazuki's super cute, isn't she?*
Narration: *I think I'm getting a little wet myself... again.*
Amane: Hey, Kazuki... I want you to enjoy this too, okay?
Kazuki: C-Calm yourself, Amane. If you want more, then I'll just―
Amane: You don't get it, Kazuki. I want us both to feel good...
Kazuki: ......
Narration: *Ah, her cheeks are turning red.*
Amane: Kazuki...
Narration: *Unable to hold back any longer, I gently push myself up against her vagina.*
Kazuki: Mm...
Amane: C'mon... you know you want this...
Kazuki: Aah... nng...
Narration: *Kazuki's voice trembles softly as I gently move my hips into hers.*
Narration: *Our pussies are so wet that they make a little squishy sound when they're rubbed together.*
Kazuki: Nng... A-Amane... You really don't... have to... nngh...
Amane: Why not...?
Kazuki: Haa... I've... been masturbating regularly... so I'm not... particularly frustrated...
Amane: But... you're sopping wet down here, Kazuki.
Kazuki: Mmh... that's just a natural physiological response...
Amane: Hrmph. Why are you being so stubborn about this...?
Amane: Do you... hate me or something..?
Kazuki: D-Don't be ridiculous... of course not...
Narration: *Kazuki's cheeks turn a deeper shade of red.*
Narration: *Wait, is she actually embarrassed?*
Kazuki: Wh-What are you looking at...?
Amane: I was just thinking about how adorable you are right now...
Kazuki: Wha―?!
Narration: *Seeing Kazuki flustered is so weird... I never knew she could be this cute.*
Narration: *I really want to make her feel good...*
Narration: *Spurred on by the growing warmth in my chest, I steadily increase the pace of my movements.*
Kazuki: Ngg! Haan... nng... nnh...
Narration: *Frowning slightly, Kazuki lets out soft little grunts.*
Narration: *Guess it doesn't feel all that good yet...?*
Narration: *I'll have to redouble my efforts.*
Kazuki: Haa... ahn... ngh... you're so hot down there, Amane...
Amane: I'll make sure to heat you up too, Kazuki.
Kazuki: Nggh! Nhaah, ah, aahn...
Narration: *Kazuki blushes at my words. Maybe she didn't realize I could hear her?*
Kazuki: Nng... haaa... mmh...
Narration: *Ooh, look at her covering up her mouth. She really doesn't want me to hear her moaning, does she?*
Amane: You saw me embarrass myself, right? It's no fair to hide your face now...
Kazuki: Haa... I'm not... hiding anything... nn... in particular...
Narration: *So that's the way you wanna play this, huh?*
Narration: *In that case...*
Amane: Mm... mm... mm...
Narration: *I deliberately slow down the movement of my hips.*
Kazuki: Haa... aah... fwah... nng...
Narration: *Positioning my vagina right up against hers, I begin moving forward, trying to push her lips apart.*
Narration: *Little by little, my hot vagina forces hers open.*
Amane: Feel that, Kazuki...? Your pussy's opening up...
Kazuki: ...! Nngh... I wouldn't know... nn...
Amane: You're not fooling anyone...
Kazuki: Mmh... fwah, ah... haaan...
Narration: *Blushing, Kazuki averts her gaze.*
Narration: *Her vagina exposes itself more quickly than I expected. Probably because I drew her attention to it.*
Narration: *Our fluids mix into each other, leaving our vaginas gleaming with moisture.*
Amane: Hey, Kazuki... How about we kiss?
Kazuki: Kiss...?
Narration: *Judging from the dubious look on Kazuki's face, she's not sure exactly what I'm going to do next.*
Narration: *Gazing into her eyes, I press my vagina tightly up against hers.*
Kazuki: Mmh! Aah...
Narration: *Her body twitching, she lets out a little moan.*
Narration: *In the very next instant, I thrust my hips forward strongly.*
Kazuki: Hyaan?! Aah, aah... A-Amane...?
Amane: Kazuki... do you like the way that kiss feels...?
Kazuki: Kiss...? Ahn! Aah... Fwaah... aah... nnh, aah, ah...
Narration: *Kazuki moans as I mash our hips together repeatedly.*
Amane: C'mon, Kazuki, tell me... Do my kisses feel good?
Kazuki: Ngh! Nng... aah... Ahn... aaah... nnh, hyah, ahh... nn, nhaah...
Narration: *She's really determined to muffle her moans. It's so adorable that I can't help grinding my hips against her even harder.*
Narration: *I can feel her pussy starting to heat up as well, and fluid's trickling steadily out of it.*
Narration: *It's obvious that she's feeling pleasure, but... I really want to hear her admit it.*
Amane: Kazuki, does that not feel good...? Mm... what do I have to do to make you enjoy this...?
Kazuki: ...! Nhaaah... nah... it... does feel good...
Narration: *Hearing the sadness in my voice, Kazuki reluctantly relents.*
Amane: ...!
Narration: *"Oh man, that hit me hard."*
Narration: *"...I wanna see her get even more embarrassed..."*
Amane: Ngh! Ngh! Ngh!
Kazuki: Fwaa, aah! Ah, aaah! Nooo... if you go that hard, I'll... aahn!
Amane: Nnh, nnh... you're so cute when you're turned on, Kazuki...
Kazuki: No, don't... look! Ah, aah... aahn!
Narration: *Kazuki tries to cover her face again, but thanks to her injured arm, she can't quite manage it.*
Narration: *It's pretty adorable. I find myself moving my hips more and more quickly, determined to bring her even more pleasure.*
Kazuki: Naah, ah, haan! Haa, aah, aah! Fwaah, aah, aah, aaahn!
Amane: Go on, Kazuki... let yourself enjoy it...
Kazuki: Fwaah?! Aah, aah, nnn... No... I can't... nnhah... keep my voice down...
Narration: *"Whoa... look at her face... she really is feeling good, isn't she...?"*
Narration: *"Did I look like that when she was doing me...?"*
Narration: *"Oh man, I'm getting wet just thinking about it."*
Kazuki: Hyaan! Aah, fwaah, aah... Amane... not there...!
Narration: *As I force "kiss" after "kiss" on her, Kazuki's body jerks and twitches frantically.*
Amane: Oh... is this hard little thing your clit, Kazuki?
Kazuki: Ah, aah, n-no! Don't rub me there... ngh, aah! It's just... too much...!
Amane: C'mon, Kazuki. Give in to the pleasure...
Kazuki: Wait, Amane! Ahn! Nhaah, ah, aah! Fwaah! Ah, aaahn!
Narration: *Kazuki moans and trembles every time I rub my body against her.*
Narration: *Gazing down into her face, I keep right on "kissing" her clit.*
Kazuki: A-Amane... aahn! If you rub my clitoris like that... fwaah! Aah, aaah, w-wait... aahn!
Amane: You have such a lewd look on your face right now, Kazuki...
Kazuki: Hng?! Aaah, aaahn! Th-That's... because you're rubbing my clitoris...! Aaah!
Amane: Feels good, doesn't it? You're sopping wet down there...
Kazuki: Hnn?! Nn, aaah, hyaa! Aaahn!! Ah, aah, haa, aahn! Aah, hyaa, aaah!
Narration: *I can't get enough of this. Her face is way too adorable.*
Narration: *Why am I getting so turned on just by watching her reactions...?*
Kazuki: Haa, aah, aaahn! Hyaa?! Aah... A-Amane...! S-Stop...!
Amane: Nn, nn, nng... Sorry, I can't... not when you're making a face that sexy...
Kazuki: Aah, kuh...! Haaa, aah, aaahn! N-No...! I-If you keep this up... I'll...!
Narration: *Kazuki's about to come.*
Narration: *She's about to come... because I'm touching her.*
Amane: Go on, Kazuki... nn, nnnh... come for me...
Kazuki: Hyaa?! Aah, fwaah, ah, aaaah! Wait, Amane...! Aah, aah... Amane...!
Amane: Kazuki... Kazuki...!
Kazuki: Ah, ah, aaahn! Ah! Aah! If you keep... rubbing my clitoris... I'm going to come...!
Amane: Nh! Ngh! Nh! Ngh! Nh! Nnnh!
Kazuki: Ngh, haa, aah! I... can't... nhaah, aaah, aaah!?!
Kazuki: Hnnnnnnnggh...!!!
Narration: *On the verge of orgasm, Kazuki meets my gaze... then squeezes her mouth shut and climaxes violently, her small body trembling against mine.*
Kazuki: Aah... huff... haa, aaah... haa...
Narration: *For some reason... Kazuki looks stunningly beautiful right now.*
Narration: *Her skin's flushed red; her slender body's trembling; her face is filled with pleasure. I can feel my heart beating faster just from looking at her.*
Kazuki: Ngh... haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *Little by little, her breathing returns to normal... and I can't help feeling a bit let down.*
Amane: Kazukiii... why'd you shut your mouth when you came...?
Kazuki: ...Th-That's just what I do when I come, all right?
Amane: Liar. You panicked and bit your lip when our eyes met.
Kazuki: Uugh...
Narration: *Kazuki hasn't regained her composure yet, so she's surprisingly easy to read.*
Amane: C'mon... you got to hear me moaning in pleasure, right...?
Amane: I wanna hear you do that, too...
Kazuki: Fwah?!
Narration: *As I start to move my hips once again, Kazuki emits a high-pitched little yelp.*
Narration: *Reveling in the satisfying sound of her voice, I rub myself persistently against her clit.*
Kazuki: Haaan! No, Amane, wait! Aahn!
Amane: Ngh, nhh... this time... I wanna hear you squeal when you come, okay...?
Kazuki: Aah... W-Wait, Amane...! Fwaah, aah, aah... n-not my clitoris... it's too... nhaaaah!?
Amane: C'mon, Kazuki... it feels good, doesn't it...?
Kazuki: My body's very sensitive right now! Fwah!? Ah, aaah! If you keep rubbing me like that right now... ah, ah, aaaah!
Amane: If I keep rubbing you... what's gonna happen?
Kazuki: Ngh?! Nng, nnnh... haahn... nn, nnmph!
Narration: *Squeezing her mouth shut once again, Kazuki refuses to answer my question.*
Amane: Okay, Kazuki. If that's the way you want to play this...
Narration: *Pulling Kazuki closer to me, I move my hips forward... and our wet pussies press against each other with a wet squelch.*
Narration: *Instead of pausing, I thrust vigorously against her.*
Kazuki: Hyaa?! Aah, aah, A-Amane...! Nnh, aah, haa, aahn! You're being... too rough...!!
Amane: Nn, nnh... I wanna make you come again, that's all...
Kazuki: Ah, haaa...! Mmph... do you want to... aah... hear me squeal... that badly...?
Amane: Well, that's part of it... but more importantly... I want to make you feel good...
Amane: I love you, Kazuki... so I want to give you all the pleasure I can...
Narration: *When I finally put the complex feelings swirling inside me into words... my whole body flushes with heat.*
Kazuki: ...!
Narration: *Kazuki's eyes widen as she stares up at me... and then her face goes bright red.*
Narration: *Determined to melt her brain with pleasure, I earnestly rub myself against her clit.*
Kazuki: Fwaah, ah, aah! Haa, ah... nnn... A-Amane...! Nggh!
Amane: Yeah?
Kazuki: Nnh, aaah... haaan! It feels good... aah! When you rub... nn, ah, aaah... m-my clit...
Amane: ...!!!
Narration: *Kazuki's words send a little chill up my spine.*
Narration: *Hearing her admit it like that... makes me really happy.*
Amane: That's right, Kazuki... just let yourself enjoy it...
Kazuki: Nhahn! Ah, haa, aaahn! Aah, ah, aaaah!
Narration: *As our fluids intermingle, the squishing noises get louder by the second.*
Narration: *At the same time, Kazuki's little moans grow higher and higher in pitch... and her face distorts with pleasure.*
Kazuki: Nngh! Fwaa, aah, haaan! A-Amane...! Aah, haa, aaah! I... I'm going to come...!
Amane: Let me hear you this time... okay?
Kazuki: Haan...! A-All right...! Aah, aaahn...!
Narration: *Her face bright red, Kazuki clutches at her uniform, arching her back slightly as she nods her assent.*
Kazuki: Aaahn! Aah, haaa! Aah, ah, aaah! Fwaah! Aaah, aaaahn!! Aaaaaah!
Amane: Kazuki... Kazuki...
Kazuki: Ah! Aah! Aaah! A-Amane...! I'm going to come...! Aahn! I'm going to come... because you're rubbing my clit...! Ah, aah, aaah! I... I...
Kazuki: Aaaaah! I'm comiiiing...!!!
Narration: *Throwing her head back, Kazuki screams in ecstasy.*
Narration: *The clear, lovely sound of her voice sends a jolt of electricity up my spine.*
Amane: ...!!!
Narration: *"Huh...? Did I... just come...?"*
Narration: *My body feels really light... almost like I just climaxed, somehow...*
Kazuki: Haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *Our eyes meet once again.*
Kazuki: Haan... haa... That was... amazing, Amane...
Amane: ...!
Narration: *Oh man... just hearing her call my name... feels so good...*
Amane: Kazuki...
Kazuki: ...
Narration: *"When I called her name... she blushed again..."*
Narration: *"It feels so good... being connected to her like this..."*
Narration: *"I wish this moment could last forever..."*
Narration: *"I wish... I could stay with Kazuki forever..."*
Narration: *As we bask in the sweet afterglow... those are the only thoughts running through my mind.*

Narration: *After the attack on the bakery, Makina stopped even trying to leave the school grounds. She's been spending her days shut up in the dorm.*
Narration: *She does her best to act as cheerful as ever around us. But when she's alone, she spends most of her time lost in thought with a gloomy expression on her face.*
Narration: *I've seen far too much of that pitiful sight over the last few weeks.*
Narration: *I want her to smile again... which means there's only one thing to do.*
Yuuji: Hrm. It isn't as huge I expected.
Narration: *The building in front of me... Irisu Global Headquarters... is pretty large by most standards.*
Narration: *But twelve stories isn't that much taller than my own employer's building, so I can't say it feels particularly intimidating.*
Yuuji: ...All right, let's go.
Narration: *Drawing my school uniform tie tight around my neck with a little sigh, I step into the building where I'll be meeting Makina's mother... Irisu Kiyoka.*
Receptionist: Kazami-sama, I assume? We've been expecting you. Right this way.
Narration: *The receptionist, a worthy match for Komine Sachi in the "utterly expressionless" department, guides me to a bank of elevators where a woman in an expensive dark-red suit is waiting.*
Sawada: ...My name is Sawada. I am currently serving as Kiyoka-sama's personal assistant. Please, this way...
Narration: *Hrm. Irisu Kiyoka's secretary, huh?*
Narration: *...Couldn't hurt to get myself another card to play.*
Yuuji: Sorry, may I have a word...?
Sawada: ...? Yes, what is it...?
Narration: *Ten minutes later, I'm standing in front of an imposing door made of thick wood. Irisu Kiyoka... the president of Irisu Global... is waiting for me inside.*
Yuuji: Kazami Yuuji, reporting in!
Narration: *As Irisu Kiyoka watches me bow from behind her desk, her eyes open wide for just a moment.*
Narration: *That startled expression strongly resembles Makina's. Not that I really suspected otherwise, but it's more than enough to convince me this woman is her mother.*
Kiyoka: Thank you for coming. Well, no need to stand on formality... Please, do take a seat.
Yuuji: I've come to ask you for a favor, ma'am.
Narration: *She may look a lot like Makina, but this woman's still the president of a powerful international corporation. She'll take control of the conversation if I give her the chance.*
Narration: *Ignoring Kiyoka's pleasantries entirely, I cut straight to the chase.*
Yuuji: Please leave Makina alone... let her live her own life!
Kiyoka: What?! H-Hold on, I...
Narration: *As I abruptly prostrate myself before her, Irisu Kiyoka falters From sheer astonishment.*
Yuuji: Please, ma'am. Is there any way you can arrange for her to be left alone from now on?
Kiyoka: W-Wait a second. Can you please just stand up?
Yuuji: No, I'm afraid that isn't an option. There comes in a time in every man's life when he must cast all pride aside in pursuit of his goal...
Yuuji: I cannot and will not leave until I've received the answer I'm looking for, ma'am.
Kiyoka: ...Very well then.
Narration: *With a mildly exasperated little sigh, Irisu Kiyoka shakes her head.*
Yuuji: Does that mean...?
Kiyoka: I'll have it looked into at once.
Narration: *In response, I lower my head once again.*
Kiyoka: Wh-What now!?
Narration: *Ignoring Kiyoka's flustered complaints, I touch my forehead to the ground and repeat my request.*
Yuuji: ...Please! I'm begging you!
Kiyoka: I understand how you feel. However...
Yuuji: Is there no way I can convince you? 
Kiyoka: It's not that I'm turning you down... I simply can't guarantee that I'm capable of doing what you want...
Yuuji: You're a woman of enormous power. Surely it wouldn't be difficult for you to keep the rest of the Irisu family under control...
Kiyoka: In any case, please raise your head...
Yuuji: Then you won't do as I ask? No matter how I beg...?
Kiyoka: As I've already explained, my authority has its limits.
Narration: *I suppose I'd been expecting this to some degree... but it doesn't seem like begging her is going to get me anywhere.*
Narration: *I wanted to resolve this peacefully, but so be it.*
Yuuji: What do you want from me, then? What can I do to convince you to give up on Makina?
Narration: *Immediately noticing the shift in my tone of voice, Irisu Kiyoka stares at me with suspicion in her eyes. *
Yuuji: I'll do anything that I'm capable of... to be perfectly honest, killing people is my only real talent, but I imagine you could find some use for me...
Kiyoka: What... are you saying...?
Yuuji: To be perfectly honest, murdering you here and now would be the simplest option of all... I could do it quite easily with nothing more than a ballpoint pen, if I wanted to...
Kiyoka: A-Are you threatening me...?
Yuuji: No. I'd really like to avoid killing you... you might be a piece of trash, but you're still Makina's mother. Your murder would haunt her forever, no matter what the circumstances...
Yuuji: Therefore, I'm thinking of trying some alternative methods... even if it means getting a bit rough...
Kiyoka: I'll... c-call security if you try anything.
Yuuji: Sure, give it a shot. You'll just end up adding to the death count...
Yuuji: You want to call the cops? The American army? Your personal band of thugs? Feel free.
Yuuji: But I won't go down that easy. I'm one tough little cockroach... you can cut off my limbs, but until you smash my head, I'll keep on crawling...
Yuuji: And I always finish my jobs. No matter how many years or decades it takes, I'll come for you... just when you've forgotten all about me, I'll make my appearance...
Kiyoka: ...Sawada, remove Kazami-san from my offfice immediately!
Narration: *Grabbing her phone with a grimace, Irisu Kiyoka bellows for her secretary.*
Narration: *Sawada enters the room a mere second later. Pretty impressive response time.*
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka looks relieved as Sawada enters the room... but soon enough, she'll know true despair.*
Yuuji: ...Sawada Hiroko... tie this woman up.
Sawada: Yes, Kazami-sama...
Kiyoka: Huh...?
Narration: *Before Irisu Kiyoka can even process the situation, Sawada closes the distance between them.*
Kiyoka: ...!
Narration: *Kiyoka tries to get away, but it's too late. Sawada pins her down and binds her hands behind her with rope.*
Kiyoka: S-Sawada!? What are you doing!?
Narration: *She struggles desperately, but it doesn't change a thing.*
Narration: *All she's accomplishing is dishevelling her own clothes, exposing more of her surprisingly youthful skin.*
Kiyoka: Sawada...! Why?!
Sawada: I'm so sorry, Kiyoka-sama... but I'm now... Kazami Yuuji's slave...!!
Kiyoka: What the... since when!?
Yuuji: Oh, I took care of that just before coming in here.
Kiyoka: ...!!
Yuuji: Are you done asking questions? Time to make you reconsider my request, then.
Kiyoka: Eek! W-Wait!
Narration: *Ignoring Irisu Kiyoka's high-pitched squeal, I turn to Sawada and issue my orders.*
Yuuji: Sawada, secure Irisu Kiyoka by the window.
Sawada: Yes, Kazami-sama.
Kiyoka: Guh!!
Narration: *As Sawada drags her by the ropes tied tightly around her body, Kiyoka lets out an involuntary gasp.*
Narration: *Ignoring her employer's obvious discomfort, Sawada promptly brings her to the office's window.*
Kiyoka: Kuh...
Narration: *Forced to bend over with her ass sticking out in my general direction, Kiyoka lets out a furious little grunt.*
Kiyoka: Stop this right now, and I'll pretend none of it ever happened. Untie these ropes immediately if you know what's good for you!
Yuuji: You still think you're in charge, even under these circumstances? You're one impressively arrogant woman.
Kiyoka: H-How dare you!
Yuuji: Just to be clear... until you give in and accept my "request," I have no intentions of changing my methods.
Yuuji: Sawada, record this disgraceful spectacle with your video camera.
Sawada: Yes...
Kiyoka: ...! Do you really think you'll get away with this!?
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka struggles desperately, but the ropes restrict her movement. She couldn't fight me if she tried.*
Kiyoka: Uh, kuh...
Narration: *As she struggles, the ropes dig deeper into her body, and she lets out a little grunt of pain.*
Narration: *Having set up her video camera, Sawada points it at her boss and begins filming.*
Kiyoka: Sawada, stop this!
Sawada: ......
Kiyoka: Sawada! Why aren't you listening to me!?
Yuuji: Get a clue, already. Sawada told you she's my slave now, didn't she?
Kiyoka: Kuh...
Kiyoka: In that case, I'll call for someone else.
Yuuji: Oh... are you sure? You don't mind your employees seeing you naked?
Kiyoka: Huh...?
Narration: *For a moment, Irisu Kiyoka looks bewildered. Before she has time to recover, I reach out for her stockings... and rip them apart.*
Kiyoka: Kyaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka shrieks wildly as the fabric tears.*
Narration: *I did make sure nobody was in the vicinity before coming in here, of course. And given how thick the walls of this room are, I doubt anyone could hear her cries either way.*
Yuuji: Hm. T-back panties, huh...?
Kiyoka: ...! I'm not wearing any such thing!
Yuuji: Hm...? I suppose they must have dug into your ass while you were flailing around, then...
Narration: *Her ass is definitely on the small side, but it's surprisingly meaty.*
Yuuji: ...Heh. Seems about right for a woman of your age.
Kiyoka: Eek! D-Don't touch me...
Yuuji: How about you scream for help? Just keep in mind, your hero's going to get a real good look at your bare ass...
Kiyoka: Kuh...
Yuuji: Well? Are you going to call for help or aren't you?
Kiyoka: Kuh...! D-Don't touch me!
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka shrieks furiously at me... not that I was expecting anything different at this early stage, of course.*
Yuuji: Sure. Not like groping this ass is much fun anyway.
Kiyoka: ...!
Yuuji: Why don't we get right to the main event, then?
Kiyoka: The... main event? What are you...
Narration: *Halfway through the sentence, Kiyoka's face goes pale as a sheet.*
Kiyoka: Wait, y-you don't mean...
Yuuji: I think we're probably on the same page.
Kiyoka: W-Wait...
Narration: *Sliding Kiyoka's panties to the side, I proceed to jam my cock into her.*
Kiyoka: Hiee?! Guuuh!!!!!
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka screams in pain as my penis pushes its way into her dry vagina.*
Narration: *I move my hips forward mercilessly, forcing my way into her to the sound of ripping flesh.*
Kiyoka: Guhh! Nngh! Haa... aah, aaaaah... t-take it out...
Narration: *Kiyoka's obviously in pain. Her vagina squeezes down tightly, trying to force my cock out of it.*
Narration: *There's no lubrication to speak of, so it's a bit painful on my end as well... but I'm not about to stop.*
Kiyoka: Ngh! Nggh... o-oogh...!
Sawada: Aah, Kiyoka-sama... what a lovely expression...
Kiyoka: Kuggh...! D-Don't look... at me!
Yuuji: Don't lower your face.
Kiyoka: Fnnngh! S-Stop th... nghhh...!
Narration: *Kiyoka tries to escape the camera's gaze by lowering her face, but I stick my fingers in her nose and pull her head back up.*
Kiyoka: No... not my face... guh! Don't film me... nngh... being raped...
Yuuji: I told you not to look away.
Kiyoka: Fnnngh! No... get your fingers out of my nose... heek!
Narration: *Eventually, my penis advances all the way to Kiyoka's cervix, pushing up against her womb.*
Narration: *Arching her back, Kiyoka gasps for air like a drowning fish.*
Yuuji: Hrm. You've got a pretty shallow pussy, you know that?
Kiyoka: Fnnngh... s-stop it... nggh... uhh... don't grind into me...
Narration: *Kiyoka's voice is full of anguish, but I keep right on pushing my cock against the very back of her pussy.*
Yuuji: Heh. That's a nice look on your face.
Kiyoka: ...! Guh...!
Yuuji: How about we show that expression to some random pedestrians, while we're at it?
Kiyoka: Fnnngh! Nngh...
Narration: *With another hard push on her cervix, I force Kiyoka up against the window.*
Yuuji: Someone might actually notice, you know... and realize that Irisu Kiyoka, President of Irisu Global, is being raped.
Kiyoka: ...! Stop... it...!
Yuuji: How many times do I have to tell you? Don't hang your head.
Kiyoka: Fnnngh...
Yuuji: See that building across the road...? The people walking in the street down there...? Every one of them could see you, if they looked...
Kiyoka: Stop... Stop iiit...
Yuuji: What do you think? How does it feel to be exposed like this to all the people you've always looked down on?
Kiyoka: Guh... I don't... look down on anyone...!
Yuuji: Don't lie to me! You think they're all beneath you! You sit up here sneering at them...
Yuuji: Reveling in the power you earned by driving your own sister to suicide!
Kiyoka: ...!!! H-How did you...!?
Yuuji: Gathering intelligence on your enemy beforehand is par for the course, don't you think?
Kiyoka: H-Hold on... how much do you know...?
Yuuji: I know everything.
Yuuji: I know you were compared to her as you grew up. I know you couldn't beat her at anything you did. And I knew that you drove her to kill herself, without ever getting your hands dirty.
Yuuji: And I know that you stole your position away from her... like the worthless hyena you are.
Kiyoka: Ah... Aaaah...
Yuuji: You clawed your way to the top by betraying your own sister! But you're still second-rate! You'll never be anything but a runner-up!
Yuuji: You're no better than those people you look down on! Hell, you're lower than any of them!
Kiyoka: Nooooo!! Stop iiiit!!
Narration: *Tears rolling down her face, Kiyoka screams bitterly.*
Narration: *But instead of stopping my assault, I attack her even more cruelly than before.*
Yuuji: You're nothing but a worthless failure!
Kiyoka: Hiiin!
Yuuji: A piece of trash who thinks she won because she drove her sister to suicide!
Kiyoka: Hiiin!!
Yuuji: Your family doesn't expect anything of you!
Kiyoka: Nghhhh!!
Yuuji: Even now, they're muttering "If only Ayaka was alive..." behind your back!
Kiyoka: Higuh!!
Yuuji: They wish you'd died instead of Ayaka, and they always will! No one wants you around!!
Kiyoka: Fnnnngh!!
Yuuji: You murdered your own sister to take her throne, but no one's ever going to think you deserve it!! You're pathetic, woman!!
Kiyoka: Hyaaaaaaaagh!!!!
Narration: *Kiyoka's bawling helplessly by this point. In combination with her swollen red ass, it makes her look something like a child being punished.*
Kiyoka: *Sob*... *Sob*... I... I'm sorry...
Yuuji: Sorry doesn't undo what you've done! And it sure as hell won't make anyone respect you!
Kiyoka: Nghiiii!!!
Sawada: Aaah, Kiyoka-sama's tears are wonderful...
Kiyoka: *Sob*... S-Stop filming... *sob*... Please, stop filming...
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka can't do a thing except cry, and she knows it. At this point, I notice something a bit surprising.*
Yuuji: Hrm. You're getting wet, aren't you?
Kiyoka: Huh... what...?
Yuuji: I said you're getting wet.
Narration: *Her pussy's as tight as ever, but I can feel it secreting fluid against my cock.*
Yuuji: Do you get off on having your ass spanked, woman!?
Narration: *I know perfectly well that isn't the case. Her body's just acting to protect itself; pleasure has nothing to do with it.*
Narration: *Still, it's a good excuse to humiliate her even further.*
Kiyoka: No...
Yuuji: I see. Then you must get off on being raped!
Kiyoka: That's... not true...
Yuuji: Then why are you wet? Explain yourself!
Narration: *Shouting down at Kiyoka, I start moving my hips again.*
Narration: *When I hammer my cock into her, her pussy lets out a lewd little squelch.*
Kiyoka: Guuh! Haaa, aah, kuhh! Nnnngh!
Yuuji: Admit it, this turns you on! The spanking! The rape! The filming! You're sexually aroused!
Kiyoka: Heegh, haaah, aaah! N-No...! Guh, nngh...! That's not... true...! Hnngh...!
Narration: *When I poke my cock against her cervix, Kiyoka trembles slightly.*
Narration: *As the stimulation wakes her long-neglected womb from its slumber, her whole body's starting to remember the pleasure of sex.*
Narration: *The smell of sweat and perfume fills the air... and her vagina begins to get wetter and wetter.*
Yuuji: You're getting pretty hot down there.
Kiyoka: Fuh, haa, aaah! I-I am not...! Nggh!
Yuuji: Come on, you're sopping wet... you've noticed yourself, haven't you? The sounds just keep getting louder and louder...
Kiyoka: Hiuu... Ngh... Aaah! N-No... Ngh... NO...!
Narration: *Shaking her head like a stubborn child, Irisu Kiyoka tries to deny reality.*
Narration: *But her flushed skin, and the groans that slip from her mouth, are proof enough that she's feeling pleasure.*
Narration: *Of course, we're only just getting started...*
Yuuji: You're a pathetic slut that gets off on being spanked and raped!
Kiyoka: Eeeeegh!!!
Yuuji: See what I mean? Your pussy tightened up again.
Kiyoka: Yeegh! Aah, haaa... ahn! Hah, aaah...
Yuuji: You're a sick slut...
Kiyoka: Heek!!!
Yuuji: ...that gets off...
Kiyoka: Ngaah! Aah, haaah!
Yuuji: ...on being raped!
Kiyoka: Fwaaaaaaaaaaaagh!!!!
Narration: *I poke up against Kiyoka's cervix every time I slap her on the ass; and her groans grow steadily louder.*
Yuuji: Right now, you're nothing but a pathetic pig!
Kiyoka: Haan! Aah! No...! Hyaaah! I am not... a pig...! Ngaah!
Yuuji: You ARE a pig! A worthless sow that enjoys being raped!
Kiyoka: Fwaah, aaah, aah! Gaah! N- aaaah! N-No...! That's not true...!
Yuuji: Yes it is! You're enjoying every thrust, and we both know it!
Narration: *To emphasize the point, I slam my hips powerfully forward.*
Kiyoka: Hyaaa!!! Haa! Aaah! You're grinding... against my womb...!!
Yuuji: What a pathetic little pig!
Kiyoka: Heegh! D-Don't spank my ass...!
Yuuji: Shut up, you sow!
Kiyoka: Nhaaa!! Aah! Haa, nggh! N-No...! Ah, aah! Don't thrust... while you're spanking meee...!!
Yuuji: Why not!? You're moaning with pleasure!
Kiyoka: Fwaaah!! Heegh!! Nggh, haa, aaaahn!
Narration: *Kiyoka's body seems to be growing more sensitive, judging from the way she's quivering.*
Narration: *Every time I slap her ass or thrust all the way into her pussy, her tightly-bound body jerks... and she lets out a moan.*
Kiyoka: Ngaah! aah! Ha, ahn! Unggh... khaaah, haaa! Ah! Aaah! Haa, aaaah!!!
Narration: *Little by little, those moans grow into shrieks, and her vagina squeezes more and more tightly on my cock.*
Yuuji: What's this!? Ready to come already!?
Kiyoka: Aaah! Kuh! Haa! N-No...! Nnghh! I'm not... going to... come...!
Yuuji: Don't lie to me! Your pussy's telling me it wants to!
Kiyoka: Heeeek!!! N-No...! Haa! Aaaah! That's not... true! Hyaaah! Nngh, aaaaahn!
Kiyoka: No...! Nhaaa! Don't come...! Please...! Aaah! Aaah!
Yuuji: You really are a pig!
Kiyoka: Kuuh!! I'm not! I'm not! Aaah! Aaaahn! No! I shouldn't, but... I'm... I'm coming! Aah, aaah, aaaaaaaaah!
Yuuji: A pathetic sow that comes when she's raped!
Kiyoka: Hyaah! Aaah! No...! I don't... want to...! Ah! Ah! No...! Aaaaaah!
Narration: *Her body twitching frantically, the "sow" reaches her climax.*
Narration: *In the same moment, I push the head of my cock up against her cervix... and release my load into her.*
Kiyoka: Eeeee...!!!
Kiyoka: Nhhhooooooooooooh!!!!
Narration: *As my semen pours into her womb, Kiyoka howls like an animal.*
Kiyoka: N-No! You're coming... inside...!? Eeegh...!
Kiyoka: Nggh, ooogh...! My womb's... burning...! Noooo! Your semen's... raping my womb...!!
Narration: *Despite Kiyoka's pitiful cries, her vagina happily squeezes down on me, drinking up all the come I release.*
Kiyoka: Kaah... haa... haaaa...
Narration: *Her face filled with despair, Kiyoka exhales heavily. I can feel her body go limp.*
Kiyoka: *Sob*... Uu... uugh...
Yuuji: ...Sawada, did you get all that?
Sawada: Yes. I have it all on film... her agony, her cries of pain, her piggish little face... and the moment when she came as you raped her.
Narration: *That should be more than enough blackmail material, honestly... but it never hurts to be thorough in situations like this.*
Yuuji: All right, time for the next stage.
Kiyoka: The... next...?
Narration: *I look down into Irisu Kiyoka's eyes. They're filled with anxiety... but there's also a glimmer of eagerness in there somewhere.*
Yuuji: Come here.
Kiyoka: Uugh...
Narration: *Grabbing her by the ropes that bind her, I force Kiyoka to her feet.*
Yuuji: Sawada, I need more rope.
Sawada: Of course.
Narration: *Sawada immediately hands me what I requested. Seems she came prepared.*
Narration: *Taking the rope, I proceed to tie up Kiyoka even more tightly... and suspend her from the luxurious chandelier at the center of her office.*
Kiyoka: U-Uggh...
Narration: *Forced to stand on her tiptoes, Kiyoka groans miserably. Her legs are visibly shaking.*
Narration: *Positioning myself behind her, I spread apart her swollen red ass.*
Kiyoka: N-No... w-wait...
Narration: *Kiyoka's face stiffens with fear... but I promptly shove my cock into her asshole anyway.*
Kiyoka: Nnghooooooooooogh!!!!
Narration: *As I force my way into her tightly-clenched anus, she lets out another howl of pain.*
Kiyoka: Guuh...! Kaah... t-take it out...
Yuuji: Why the hell should I listen to a sow like you!? What an idiot!
Narration: *Lubricated by semen and Kiyoka's own fluids, my penis slowly makes its way forward.*
Narration: *Anal penetration can be enjoyable for some people, but when it's forced on you, it's nothing but a brutal, painful form of humiliation.*
Narration: *Just as I expected, Kiyoka's mind gives way under the strain... and her last defenses crumble to dust.*
Kiyoka: Hiigh! I-It hurts...! M-My ass... y-you're tearing my ass apart...
Yuuji: Oh, please. You're not even bleeding, woman.
Kiyoka: You're not... supposed to... nngh... put that in there... nhooh! Agh, aaaagh... there's still... more!?
Yuuji: What are you talking about? I'm not even halfway in yet.
Kiyoka: You can't be... kaaagh! Ooooooogh...!!
Narration: *As my penis makes its way deeper into her anus, Kiyoka squeals weakly and arches her back.*
Kiyoka: Kaaah... haaa... aaah...
Narration: *Her breath comes in fits and starts. Doesn't seem like she's dealing too well with her first anal experience.*
Yuuji: ...I'm going to shove it all the way in.
Kiyoka: W-Wai... eeeeegh!!!
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka's anus tightens up as I thrust my cock all the way into her.*
Narration: *Before she has time to adjust, I pull my hips back.*
Kiyoka: Hooogh...! Ooooh...! My... my ass... you're turnning it... inside out!!!
Narration: *Tears roll down Kiyoka's cheeks like water from a broken faucet.*
Narration: *I ruthlessly move my cock backward, pulling her anus along with it... then slam it all the way back into her.*
Kiyoka: Nnoooh...! N-No, it's too deep... nhoooooogh!
Narration: *Picking up the pace, I continue to violate Irisu Kiyoka's virginal anus.*
Kiyoka: Heeegh...! Ooh! Oooh! Guh...! Kahaa...! Guh, oah, aaah!!
Yuuji: Weren't you complaining about how much this hurt...? You seem to be getting used to it...
Kiyoka: Guh, nggh...! That's not... true! It hurts... so much..! Fwoh, ooh... y-you're breaking... my ass apart...! Nnngh!
Yuuji: I think I'm hearing a few moans of pleasure, though.
Kiyoka: Th-That's not... kwooh! Haaa! No, that's... to hard... nhhooh! Ooh! Fwhah, aaaah!
Sawada: Aah, Kiyoka-sama... you're feeling pleasure, aren't you...? What a beautiful sight...
Kiyoka: Kuh...! Oooh...! I'm not feeling... anything of the sort...!
Sawada: With all due respect, Kiyoka-sama... your vagina seems to be getting wet again.
Kiyoka: ...! N-No... nngh! D-Don't film thaaat...
Sawada: Your vagina twitches every time Kazami-sama thrusts into your anus... aah, I'm getting turned on just from watching...
Kiyoka: Uu... Oh! Ogh...! N-No! D-Don't... move around... inside my ass...!
Sawada: *Siiigh*... There's so much fluid dripping out of your vagina, Kiyoka-sama...
Yuuji: Aren't you bored just watching, Sawada? You can join in if you want.
Sawada: ...Would that really be all right?
Yuuji: Yeah. Help me show Irisu Kiyoka some love.
Sawada: Very well. Please wait just a moment...
Narration: *With that remark, Sawada turns and leaves the room.*
Narration: *She returns only a moment later... wearing a strap-on penis.*
Narration: *Not entirely sure why she had it lying around. I guess she's just into that sort of thing.*
Kiyoka: N-No... stop it, Sawada...
Sawada: It's quite all right, Kiyoka-sama. Kazami-sama and I will make sure you enjoy this...
Kiyoka: Ah, aaah...
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka's expression stiffens with fear... but Sawada doesn't stop.*
Narration: *Walking right up to her boss, she pushes the strapon into her vagina.*
Kiyoka: Fwaah, aaaaaah...!
Narration: *Irisu Kiyoka lets out another shriek, although it's a bit different than the last one.*
Narration: *She must be really sensitive at the moment for her to react so strongly just from being penetrated.*
Kiyoka: What... is this...!? Guh... it's so thick... you're spreading... me open...! Guh... it just... keeps coming!
Yuuji: She likes it deep, Sawada. Make sure you give her lots of attention back there.
Sawada: Yes, of course.
Sawada: Kiyoka-sama, I'm going to shove it all the way into you now.
Kiyoka: W-Wait... hiiiiingh!!!
Narration: *Sawada must have shoved into her pretty forcefully, judging from the way her body's trembling...*
Sawada: Aah... that's it, Kiyoka-sama... just let yourself enjoy it...
Kiyoka: Guh! Ah, nguh...! W-Wait... nguh... not so deep, or I'll... nghoooooooh!!
Narration: *As I resume my assault on her anus, Kiyoka lets out another howl.*
Kiyoka: Ha, haaa... No, no... not my bu... heeek!
Narration: *Before Kiyoka can even finish her sentence, Sawada assaults the mouth of her womb.*
Narration: *The two of us alternate our thrusts, hitting Kiyoka simultaneously from the front and back.*
Kiyoka: Fwaa, ah, nngh! Haa, ooh! Ooh, kahaa, aaah! Kuh, aaah, hyaa! Ah, aaah!
Kiyoka: Fuh, haa... Aaah... N-No... Ngh! Not both... at once...! Kuh, oooooh! I-I'm going to... break apart...!
Yuuji: Again with this? Your ass hasn't ruptured or anything, so I think you'll live.
Kiyoka: Y-You can't be... nhaah! Ah, aaah! Sa-Sawada, not so... deep...! Nhoh! Oooogh! Y-You're moving around... in my ass again... aaaah!
Narration: *Sawada gives her pleasure, and I inflict pain. Overwhelmed by these sensations, Kiyoka can only babble incoherently.*
Kiyoka: Kuooogh! Fwa, aah, haaan! Oooh! Aah, aah! Ahn! Ahn! Nn, nhooo...!!
Kiyoka: W-Wai... pogh! Oaah, aah, haa! W-Wait... you're going to... break meee...!
Narration: *Her mind simply can't adjust to the endless cycle of pain and pleasure.*
Narration: *All she can do is plead for mercy with a face covered in her own tears and drool.*
Narration: *But Sawada and I don't stop for a second.*
Narration: *We keep right on pummeling Kiyoka's anus and vagina.*
Kiyoka: Hyaah, aah! Nhoo! Haa, aaah! Fwaah, aaah! Ooohn!
Kiyoka: Haa, aah, I... can't take it...! Nhoo...! Owah, aaah! I'm going crazy... nhaaaaah!
Narration: *When I thrust particularly deep into her anus, Kiyoka lets out a "moan" instead of a "shriek."*
Narration: *It seems her overworked brain's decided to process the pain as a kind of a pleasure.*
Kiyoka: Fwah, aah, aahn! Aah! Haa, haaa... Ahn! Aaaaah! Aaah!
Yuuji: Heh. Now you're enjoying having your ass fucked, too? What a pathetic sow!
Kiyoka: Ngh, haa... th-that's not t... ah! Haan! Nhaa... it's not true...!
Yuuji: Not very convincing when you're squealing like a pig!
Sawada: Indeed. You're obviously enjoying this, Kiyoka-sama.
Kiyoka: Hyaaan! Ah, ha... Aaahh...! I-I am NOT... nnngh...!
Narration: *I'm sure Irisu Kiyoka is aware of the danger she's in.*
Narration: *If she breaks down now, she'll never be the same again.*
Narration: *Not that I give a damn, of course. Breaking her would be convenient, if anything.*
Narration: *Changing up my previously steady rhythm, I begin to thrust in time with Sawada's movements.*
Kiyoka: Heeeeeeeek...!!!!!!
Narration: *Kiyoka shrieks yet again. Her body twitches convulsively; tears and spittle run freely down her face.*
Narration: *Coordinating our efforts, Sawada and I relentlessly pierce her insides.*
Kiyoka: Aah, aah! Haa, aahn! S-Stop it... don't ram into me... at the same tiiime... hiiingh!
Yuuji: Do you like being gang-banged that much, you dirty little pig?!
Kiyoka: Haa, aah, nhaaa! Fuh, haa... I-I don't like it... one bit! Kuuugh!!!
Yuuji: Now the sow think she's a tsundere! You're asking me to rape you harder, huh!?
Kiyoka: Hyaaa!! Aha, haaaa...! No... Ngh! Please... not at the same time... aaah, not like this... NhaaaaaAAAH!
Sawada: Kiyoka-sama... aah, Kiyoka-sama... just let yourself enjoy it...
Kiyoka: Fwaah! Haaa, aaaah! D-Don't...! Aah! Don't go so deep...!! You'll... break my womb...!!
Narration: *As Kiyoka convulses, I punish her impudence by ramming my cock forcefully into her anus.*
Kiyoka: Higu! Nhoo! Ah! Kahaaaa! N-No, not so hard... fwaaah!! Aah! My butt... I'm gonna... go crazy...!
Yuuji: You don't get to talk back to me, pig!
Kiyoka: Nhiii! Ass...! Aah! Aah! My ass...! Haa, aaah! My ass...!!!
Sawada: Kiyoka-sama, don't forget about me...
Kiyoka: Hiin!!! Nhaa, aaah! M-My womb...! Fwah! Aaah! You're... jamming it open...!!!
Kiyoka: Hyaah! Aah! Haa! Nhoo...! Aah, aahn! Nngh...! Haa, aah, aaaaaah!
Narration: *Kiyoka's moans grow shriller and shriller as Sawada and I continue to forcefully fuck her.*
Kiyoka: Uh, aah. aaaaah! N-No... Nhaa! Aaah! Y-You're raping me... so hard...! Hiiih! I-I...!
Yuuji: Are you coming again, pig!?
Kiyoka: Hiuu! Nhaa, aaah! N-No, I...! Nguh! Aaah!
Yuuji: Typical! What a pathetic little slut you are!
Kiyoka: Kufuh, nhaaa! Higu...! Ngh, haa... Aah, aaaah...!!
Yuuji: Go on, then, come! Just like when you got spanked! Come while I fuck your ass! Come while your lapdog of a secretary rapes you!
Kiyoka: Ah, aaah! N-No...! Aaah! Aah! Nooo...! 
Yuuji: Sawada, take a good look at how a pig comes...
Sawada: Of course, Kazami-sama.
Kiyoka: Fwaaah! Aaah! N-Nooo...! Aah! Don't look... at meee! Aah, aah, aaaah! Don't look...!!!!
Sawada: No need to be shy, Kiyoka-sama. Go right ahead and come.
Kiyoka: Hiiiin!!! S-So deep...! Nhaa, aaaaaah!
Yuuji: How long are you going to keep pretending you're a human being, you pathetic sow!?
Kiyoka: Aaaaaah! Y-You're... so deep in... my aaaass! Aaah! Fwaaah! Aaah! AaaaaaAAAH!
Kiyoka: Haa, aah! I can't...! Hyaah, aaah! I'm breaking...! I'm br... aah, gaah...!
Kiyoka: NhooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!!!!!!
Narration: *At long last, Irisu Kiyoka surrenders herself to an orgasm the likes of which she's never known.*
Narration: *In the depths of that climax, the last vestiges of her humanity crumble away. She howls like a beast, loud enough to tear her vocal cords.*
Narration: *And in that same moment...*
Kiyoka: Nhooo! OoooooOOOOOOOOOOOOGH!!!!!
Narration: *I ejaculate my hot load inside of her anus, eliciting another howl.*
Sawada: Aaah... Kiyoka-sama, you look so lovely when you orgasm...
Narration: *Sawada takes in the spectacle with a dreamy look of bliss on her face.*
Yuuji: Let's see here...
Narration: *Grabbing Kiyoka's face, I turn it back toward me to get a better look.*
Kiyoka: Heaah... Aah...
Yuuji: Hrm. Now that's a good expression...
Narration: *Her face is drenched in tears and spit. Her eyes are listless and dull.*
Narration: *Now that I've broken her this thoroughly... I don't think she'll be the woman she was any time soon, if ever.*
Yuuji: Sawada, the camera.
Sawada: Yes, Kazami-sama!
Narration: *Sawada hands me the camera and I stop the recording.*
Narration: *Removing the SD card, I hold it out before of Irisu Kiyoka's hollow eyes.*
Yuuji: I'll upload this to the internet and expose your shame to the world... Your life's over, you understand?
Kiyoka: Please... Please, just stop...
Yuuji: ...Mind reconsidering your decision about Makina...?
Narration: *As Irisu Kiyoka feebly begs me for mercy, I repeat my "request" once again.*
Yuuji: I'll be going now. Thank you for your time!
Narration: *Not even bothering to untie Kiyoka, I turn on my heel and leave Irisu Global behind.*
Narration: *A few days later...*
Narration: *Having received a phone call from Irisu Kiyoka, I've made my way back to Irisu Global once again.*
Narration: *When I enter the president's office, I find Kiyoka waiting for me inside, wearing a bit more makeup than before.*
Narration: *Her cheeks seem a bit red for some reason. Not that I particularly care.*
Yuuji: Let's hear your answer, then.
Kiyoka: A-All right... if you promise to dispose of that data... I will guarantee Makina's safety.
Yuuji: Some nerve, woman! You think you have the right to negotiate!?
Narration: *Approaching Kiyoka in a few quick strides, I grab her... by the breast, rather than the collar.*
Kiyoka: N-No...!
Narration: *She complains a little, but makes no effort to escape my grasp.*
Narration: *I think she's blushing a little. Not that I care, seriously.*
Kiyoka: Good grief... do you... want to do me that badly...?
Yuuji: Didn't you hear me, woman!? If you want me to consider deleting that data, then you can start by becoming my slave!
Kiyoka: I suppose I have no choice...
Yuuji: What was that? I can't hear you!!
Kiyoka: I suppose I have no choice!!!
Yuuji: All right then. Take off your clothes! No, wait. I'll do it!
Kiyoka: Aah! You youngsters are so forceful! Not that I mind...!!
Narration: *And thus, I ensured Makina's safety and made Irisu Kiyoka into my plaything.*
Narration: *Naturally, that means I'm now in control of the politically influential and economically powerful Irisu clan itself.*
Narration: *It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that I own Irisu Global.*
Narration: *At this rate, I'll probably take over the world eventually.*
Narration: *You never know where life's going to take you.*
Sawada: Um, Kazami-sama... please don't forget about me...

Narration: *On a certain day, late in the afternoon...*
Chizuru: *Yawn*... I'm so sleepy...! Honestly... why do I always feel so listless after lunch...?
Chizuru: Thank goodness Kazami-kun isn't here... he'd probably tell me to get my act together...
Narration: *Unfortunately, telling myself that doesn't make me any less drowsy.*
Chizuru: Principal Tachibana feels... that siestas should be integrated into the Japanese curriculum...
Narration: *Aagh... it's no good... now I'm just starting to babble...*
Narration: *In the end, I give up the fight against Mr. Sandman... and let my eyes fall slowly closed.*
Narration: *"Hm...? Someone's here..."*
Narration: *...I can tell I've got a visitor, but my body doesn't want to wake up.*
Yuuji: Chizuru... are you there?
Narration: *"Ah... Kazami-kun..."*
Narration: *The arrival of this unexpected guest makes my heart skip a beat.*
Yuuji: Chizuru...? Are you there or not?
Narration: *"Oh no, Kazami-kun's coming in..."*
Narration: *"Ugh... I don't want him to see me sleeping... it's too embarrassing..."*
Narration: *I'm sure he'll make fun of how goofy my face looks or something...*
Narration: *"I have to get up before that happens... I have to... but I can't do it..."*
Yuuji: ...Chizuru, are you asleep?
Chizuru: .........
Yuuji: I guess she's tired...
Narration: *"...Huh? Kazami-kun's actually being kind of nice for once..."*
Yuuji: C'mon, Chizuru. You'll hurt your neck if you sleep like that.
Narration: *"I'm well aware, thank you very much."*
Narration: *"But Onee-san's just too sleepy right now..."*
Yuuji: ...What am I gonna do with you?
Yuuji: Up we go...
Narration: *"Huh...?"*
Narration: *"Whaaaat!?"*
Narration: *"H-He's carrying me in his arms!? Kazami-kun, of all people!?"*
Narration: *"I-I've put on a little weight lately... I hope he doesn't make fun of me..."*
Narration: *To my great surprise, Kazami-kun carries me over to the sofa and gently sets me down without even teasing me.*
Narration: *"Wh-What's going on here...? Kazami-kun's being so sweet today..."*
Yuuji: Chizuru...
Narration: *Calling out my name in a voice full of warmth, he strokes my cheek.*
Narration: *"Kazami-kun's... super cute today..."*
Chizuru: Mm...
Narration: *As I turn in my sleep, my arms happen to move together, pressing my breasts outward.*
Narration: *"Just for the record, I'm not doing this on purpose! I'm not even conscious! My body just rolled around a little on its own! That's all!"*
Yuuji: Chizuru's pretty cute when she's asleep...
Narration: *"K-K-Kazami-kun said... I'm cute! He said I'm cute!"*
Yuuji: Chizuru...
Narration: *I can feel Kazami-kun's breath brush my face.*
Narration: *And in the next moment―*
Chizuru: Mm...
Narration: *He presses his lips against mine.*
Narration: *"Kyaaaaa! Kazami-kun kissed me!!!"*
Yuuji: Hm. Seems like someone had fish for lunch...
Narration: *"Gyaaaa! I forgot to brush my teeeeeth!!!"*
Narration: *As I'm cursing my own laziness, a dangerous thought slips through my mind.*
Narration: *"If I keep pretending to be asleep... would he just go all the way?"*
Narration: *"...I'm still pretty sleepy, so I'll just stay this way."*
Yuuji: Chizuru...
Narration: *Kazami-kun calls my name, as if to make sure I'm still asleep.*
Chizuru: ......
Yuuji: Looks like she's out cold...
Narration: *Just like that, Kazami-kun begins unbuttoning my blouse.*
Narration: *"Hey! You're seriously going to strip me!?"*
Narration: *While I'm quietly panicking, he continues steadily, undoing one button at a time.*
Narration: *And finally... he exposes my bra.*
Narration: *"Mm..."*
Narration: *As Kazami-kun fondles my breasts, I have to suppress the urge to moan.*
Yuuji: Hrm... she's got pretty big breasts for a woman with such a childish face...
Narration: *"Did you really have to insult my face right now!?"*
Narration: *"Honestly, he knows I'm insecure about that... what a cruel boy..."*
Yuuji: But seriously, though... these breasts really are nice and soft...
Narration: *There's a note of satisfaction in Kazami-kun's voice as he resumes fondling my chest.*
Narration: *"Ng... ah... haa... nn... aah..."*
Narration: *Kazami-kun gropes and squeezes my breasts as if playing with a toy.*
Narration: *Is he one of those "breast men" I've heard so much about...?*
Narration: *I don't really have any sexual experience, so it's hard for me to say if this is anything unusual... but he certainly does like squeezing them...*
Narration: *In any case...*
Narration: *"Fwah... ah, aah... it feels good... when Kazami-kun gropes my breasts..."*
Narration: *My body's starting to heat up... and the scent of my perfume's growing stronger.*
Narration: *"Oh no... what if he figures out that I'm actually awake...?"*
Yuuji: Chizuru... Chizuru...
Narration: *"Ngh, aah... haa, aah... aaah..."*
Narration: *He's so enthralled by my boobs... Kazami-kun may act mature, but he's still just a boy at heart...*
Narration: *"Haa... mm... if he keeps groping me like this... my body's going to start moving...*
Chizuru: H-Hmmmm...
Narration: *Pretending to mutter in my sleep, I let my body stir slightly.*
Narration: *Fortunately, it doesn't seem Kazami-kun's noticed that I'm awake... but the movements of his hands are only growing more forceful with time.*
Narration: *"Nhaa... aah, haa... ngh, aaah... K-Kazami-kun, no... haa... b-be more gentle..."*
Narration: *The sensation's completely unlike anything I've experienced while pleasuring myself. My body's growing hotter and hotter.*
Narration: *Thanks to his persistent fondling, my nipples are already fully erect.*
Yuuji: Your nipples are getting hard, Chizuru...
Narration: *"Aah... nooo... Kazami-kun can tell I'm getting turned on..."*
Yuuji: I can feel them right through your underwear... what a lewd pair of nipples...
Narration: *"Nhaa! Ah, haa... aaaaah..."*
Narration: *Kazami-kun starts assaulting my nipples through my bra.*
Narration: *I try "tossing in my sleep" again to disguise my reaction, but I'm pretty sure it wasn't as natural this time.*
Narration: *Still, Kazami-kun seems entirely engrossed with my breasts. He keeps right on teasing my nipples with his fingers.*
Narration: *"Ah, aah... ha, ngh... Fuh... D-Don't tease my nipples like that... nhaah, aah... oh no... my body's going to start twitching..."*
Narration: *"Haa... nhaa, ah... Kazami-kun might notice I'm awake... Ngh... but... I want him to tease my nipples even more..."*
Narration: *"Fuh... ah, ha, ah... I'm sure I'm making sounds by now... ngh, aaah... but I want more, Kazam-kun..."*
Narration: *A sweet sensation washes over my body as he plays with my nipples.*
Narration: *I'm definitely not sleepy any more, but the pleasure's so strong that I still can't think straight.*
Narration: *"What if my body... gets addicted to this...? Nhah, ah, aah... I won't be able to live without him..."*
Narration: *I try desperately to keep up my act, but it's growing increasingly difficult.*
Narration: *"Ah, aah... haa... ngh, aah... K-Kazami-kun... Ngh... tease my nipples more..."*
Yuuji: Your nipples sure are perky, Chizuru...
Narration: *"Nhaa! Aaaah..."*
Narration: *Suddenly he pinches my nipples, and my whole body quivers.*
Narration: *"Why does this feel so good when Kazami-kun does it...?"*
Narration: *Before I can try to come up with an answer, Kazami-kun pinches again, even more sharply than before.*
Narration: *"Fwaah, ah, aahn! Ngh, haa... aah, aaah... M-My nipples... nha... Kazami-kun... ahn!"*
Narration: *"Ah, ah... haa... mmm... my nipples... are tingling... they're getting so sensitive..."*
Narration: *"Ng... ah, ha, aah... fwah, ah, ah... ahn... ngh, aah, aaah..."*
Narration: *I can feel my lower abdomen growing hotter and hotter every time Kazami-kun teases my breasts.*
Narration: *"Aaah... I'm getting wet down there..."*
Narration: *My panties are sticking tightly to my body... it feels a bit gross.*
Narration: *I think I might be getting my tights wet, too...*
Narration: *"Nha... mmph, aah... hyaa, ahn... n-no way... it's leaking out... mmm... I keep getting wetter and wetter..."*
Yuuji: Hm...?
Narration: *As I rub my legs together anxiously, Kazami-kun suddenly stops playing with me.*
Narration: *"D-D-D-Did he notice?!"*
Yuuji: That's the smell of a woman in heat.
Narration: *"Huh...?"*
Narration: *Before I can even process his words, Kazami-kun moves his hand from my breasts to my vagina.*
Yuuji: Hrm... she's pretty wet.
Narration: *"...!!!!"*
Narration: *His hand slips under my skirt and caresses my soaking wet tights.*
Narration: *The embarrassment and pleasure send me into a blind panic.*
Narration: *But of course, Kazami-kun doesn't know any of that. He immediately starts caressing my genitals like the horny young man he is.*
Narration: *"Ngh! Nooo... Kazami-kun's touching my vagina... kuuuh!!"*
Narration: *"Nhaa, ah, aah... this is so embarrassing... but it feels so good...! Ahn!"*
Narration: *Kazami-kun's doing lewd things to me. Just the thought makes me even wetter than before.*
Narration: *"Aah... ha, ahn... Ngh, aah... oh no... I just keep getting wetter... nngh!"*
Yuuji: Your pussy's really hot, Chizuru...
Narration: *"Yaah, ah, aaah... d-don't say such embarrassing things, Kazami-kun... mm, aah..."*
Yuuji: And it keeps getting wetter...
Narration: *"Ah, ah... haa, nggh! Mmph... haa... ngh, ah, aah... ha, ahn..."*
Narration: *Kazami-kun's moving his hands faster now. I think he's getting turned on as well.*
Narration: *Fluid trickles constantly out of my vagina like water streaming through a broken dam.*
Narration: *The little wet sounds Kazami-kun's hand makes are really, really embarrassing...*
Narration: *But above all else...*
Narration: *"Ng, haa... aah... so good... nhaa, ah... It feels so good when he touches me..."*
Narration: *Desperate for more of Kazami-kun's caresses, I find myself spreading my legs slowly open.*
Narration: *But instead of continuing, he suddenly stops moving entirely.*
Yuuji: ...You're actually awake, aren't you?
Chizuru: ......
Yuuji: Are you trying to keep all the pleasure for yourself...? That's not really fair...
Narration: *"Ugh... He's got a point..."*
Yuuji: Chizuru...
Narration: *Kazami-kun calls my name kindly... And I can't help opening my eyes.*
Chizuru: ...Did you get turned on... doing dirty things to your principal...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Chizuru: Good grief... you're such a naughty boy...
Yuuji: When I saw you like that... I just couldn't help myself.
Narration: *"...!! Wh-Why... does he have to be so adorable!?"*
Narration: *"Agh... I think he made my womb throb a little..."*
Chizuru: Ah...
Narration: *Lowering my gaze in embarrassment, I find myself staring down at the bulge in Kazami-kun's pants.*
Narration: *"He's got a boner..."*
Narration: *"He got this turned on... from touching me like that...?"*
Narration: *As the thought runs through my mind, there's a new flash of heat in my vagina.*
Chizuru: ...You can't help yourself, can you...? It's okay, come here. But, just this once... just this once, okay? And keep this a secret from the others...
Narration: *Keeping my voice soft and low, I do my best to play the part of the composed older woman.*
Yuuji: ...Got it.
Narration: *As Kazami-kun nods quietly, I push myself up off the sofa...*
Narration: *And take off my tights and panties, trying not to look in his direction.*
Narration: *"I wonder... what position we should use..."*
Narration: *This is my first time, so I want to think it over carefully... but Kazami-kun might get suspicious if I delay too long.*
Narration: *"I don't want him to see me in pain... So I guess... I'll make him do me from the back..."*
Narration: *I'm not sure if that's the right choice, but I decide to go with it.*
Narration: *Turning my back to Kazami-kun, I lay my body down on the sofa and stick my butt out towards him.*
Narration: *"O-Oh geez... this is actually really lewd, isn't it...?"*
Narration: *"B-But... at least I can hide my face from him in case it hurts..."*
Narration: *"I'm an older woman and all, so it's okay to be a bit seductive... th-there's no problem, right? Yeah! This is the best course of action!"*
Narration: *I do my best to convince myself... but it doesn't really make me feel any less anxious.*
Narration: *"They do say your first time always hurts..."*
Narration: *I kind of want Kazami-kun to take it slow... but he's a young man full of vim and vigor...*
Narration: *"He might be pretty aggressive... I'll just have to brace myself!"*
Narration: *I'm going to have my first time with Kazami-kun... I don't want to call it off halfway.*
Narration: *"You can do this, Chizuru!"*
Narration: *Steeling myself quietly, I turn back to look at Kazami-kun.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *He's just staring down at me, doing nothing.*
Chizuru: ...Kazami-kun?
Yuuji: Uh, yeah. Sorry. You're just so beautiful... I couldn't help staring.
Chizuru: ...!!!
Narration: *I feel my face go hot... and a moment later, the rest of my body follows suit.*
Chizuru: A-Am I... really that pretty?
Yuuji: Yeah. You're so pretty that I want to stick it in you right away.
Chizuru: O-Oh...
Narration: *Well, that's embarrassing. Why did I even ask...?*
Yuuji: Chizuru... can I put it in...?
Chizuru: Ah...
Chizuru: ...Yes. Go right ahead.
Narration: *Exhaling softly, I give Kazami-kun the answer he's waiting for.*
Chizuru: ...Put it... right in here...
Narration: *I hold my labia open to expose my vagina.*
Narration: *It's incredibly embarrassing... but if Kazami-kun has a hard time putting it in, he might accidentally hurt me...*
Narration: *"...Not that it makes this any less humiliating!"*
Chizuru: C-Come on over here, Kazami-kun...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *Kazami-kun unbuckles his belt... and drops his pants.*
Narration: *"I-It's so big..."*
Narration: *I've never seen a penis up close like this before... and it's a lot bigger than I was expecting.*
Narration: *"Th-That's... going to go inside me...?"*
Narration: *I can feel my body tensing up.*
Narration: *Kazami-kun doesn't seem to have noticed. Drawing closer, he gently presses the head of his penis up against my vagina.*
Yuuji: ...Are you ready, Chizuru?
Chizuru: Yes... go right ahead...
Narration: *I nod... and Kazami-kun slowly starts moving his hips forward.*
Chizuru: Ngh! Kuh... Aah, ah...
Narration: *"K-Kazami-kun's... hard, hot dick... is going inside me..."*
Narration: *It doesn't hurt as much as I expected.*
Narration: *But just as I'm starting to relax slightly... the sound of something tearing reverberates through my body.*
Chizuru: Guh... aghh... nnngh...
Narration: *The pain's so sudden that tears start streaming down my face.*
Narration: *"W-Was that..."*
Narration: *I peek down at my thighs, careful not to let Kazami-kun notice... and see a red line trickling down them.*
Narration: *"I gave my virginity... to Kazami-kun..."*
Narration: *I want to savor the joy that brings me... but it's kind of difficult when I'm in this much pain.*
Narration: *"Oh no... I don't think I'll be able to stop crying if he keeps moving..."*
Yuuji: It's so hot inside you, Chizuru...
Chizuru: Y-Your dick's... very hot as well, Kazami-kun...
Narration: *I was hoping to keep playing the composed adult here, but the pain's too intense. My voice comes out a bit strained.*
Narration: *Even as we're speaking, Kazami-kun keeps slowly pushing his penis in further.*
Narration: *"Uwah... he's going in... so deep... guh...! I-It hurts..."*
Narration: *I brace against the sofa, trying to endure the building sense of pressure inside me.*
Narration: *As Kazami-kun makes his way further inside, the strain grows so intense that I find it increasingly hard to breathe.*
Narration: *"Can I... really hold out... until the end...?"*
Narration: *But a moment after that thought runs through my head, I feel something... poke up against the mouth of my womb.*
Yuuji: It's all the way in now, Chizuru...
Chizuru: I-I see...
Narration: *I softly pat my belly, making sure Kazami-kun can't see.*
Narration: *"Hehehe..."*
Narration: *It hurts... and I can't breathe that easily... but my heart feels nice and warm.*
Narration: *That small spot of warmth seems to soften the pain, at least a little.*
Yuuji: Chizuru... it feels really good inside you...
Chizuru: I-I see... I'm glad to hear that...
Chizuru: But... you want to move, don't you?
Yuuji: Yeah... I want to feel more of you...
Chizuru: ...You can go ahead, if you want to.
Yuuji: All right, I'll do that...
Chizuru: Guh! Ha... ah, aah... ah... ah...
Narration: *Kazami-kun pulls his hips backward; it feels like he's dragging my insides along with him.*
Yuuji: Your pussy's clinging to me really tightly... seems like it doesn't want to let go...
Chizuru: Haha... it feels good... when I squeeze down on your dick, doesn't it...?
Yuuji: Yeah, it feels incredible.
Narration: *It's not like I'm actually doing this on purpose, of course... but Kazami-kun's reply makes me happy anyway.*
Chizuru: Ngg! Kuh... ha, ah... ah... aaah...
Narration: *"Kazami-kun's dick... is coming... back into meee..."*
Narration: *Once again, I'm assaulted by an overwhelming sense of pressure.*
Narration: *And before too long, he starts dragging my insides out for a second time.*
Narration: *Kazami-kun steadily picks up the pace of his movements, and it's all I can do to keep up.*
Narration: *So much for the "composed older woman" act...*
Chizuru: Mm... haa... nn, kuh... hah... ah, ah... agh... nn, nngh...
Yuuji: Chizuru...
Narration: *When Kazami-kun calls my name in a voice full of bliss, a shiver runs down my spine.*
Narration: *For some reason... that ticklish little sensation eases the pain I'm feeling somewhat.*
Chizuru: Fuh... haa... aahm... mm... Well...? How does... my pussy feel...?
Yuuji: It's... amazing...
Yuuji: You're so hot... you pull me back in when I try to pull away... you squeeze down on me when I'm all the way inside... it's all so good...
Chizuru: O-Oh... really...? Ngh... aah... mm...
Narration: *Surprised by Kazami-kun's honesty, I feel a burst of heat somewhere deep inside me.*
Yuuji: How about you, Chizuru?
Chizuru: M-Me...?
Yuuji: Yeah. I want to know how you're feeling...
Chizuru: I'm... mmh... enjoying it too...
Chizuru: Your penis... fills up my entire vagina... nh, ah... haaa... and when you push it through me... my body gets all hot... 
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *"Ah... Kazami-kun looks kind of happy..."*
Chizuru: Mm, ah...? Ah... Uwaah... ah, aah...!
Narration: *As I look up at the sweet expression on Kazami-kun's face... a tingling warmth spreads all across my abdomen.*
Yuuji: Chizuru... it's getting hotter inside you...
Chizuru: Nhaa... ah... haan... ngh, ah... ah... Aaah...
Narration: *Suddenly, Kazami-kun picks up the pace, seeking further pleasure.*
Narration: *The suffocating sense of pressure I felt at the beginning has almost entirely disappeared. I think I'm getting used to this.*
Narration: *It still tingles a little bit down there... but it's more pleasure than pain.*
Chizuru: Haa... ngh... ah, aaah... Kazami-kun... you're going all the way to the back... nhaa...
Yuuji: Yeah... it feels really good when I'm deep inside you...
Chizuru: Fuh... haa... is that... so...? Nngh... mm... well... aaah... you can thrust it back there... all you like...
Yuuji: Sounds good...
Chizuru: Fwaah! Ah, haa... nngh! Aah, fuh... amazing... you're so... deep inside... aaah...
Narration: *Pushing himself all the way inside me, Kazami-kun knocks the head of his penis sharply against my cervix.*
Chizuru: Nhaa... mmph... ah, ah... n-not again... nnn... you keep... hitting all my sweet spots... nngh...
Narration: *Every time his penis hits the back of my vagina, the tingling heat spreads further and further across my body.*
Narration: *I'm starting to feel Kazami-kun's strokes more and more intensely...*
Yuuji: Kuh... your pussy's... really tight, Chizuru...
Chizuru: Ah, aah... haan... haa... well... it doesn't want to let go of your dick...
Narration: *"I want to stay like this... for as long as I can..."*
Yuuji: I don't... want to let go of you either, Chizuru...
Chizuru: Ah, ah... Kazami-kun... Nhaa... haa...
Narration: *The heat in my lower belly intensifies to the point that it feels like my womb's about to melt.*
Narration: *But my senses... are only growing sharper. I can feel the shape of Kazami-kun's dick. I can feel its heat.*
Narration: *"I want to... connect us even more deeply..."*
Narration: *As my feelings toward Kazami-kun grow stronger, that thought rises up into my mind.*
Narration: *I push my ass out toward him, trying to strengthen the physical bond between us.*
Chizuru: Nhaa, aah... haa, ah, ah... ah, aaah... K-Kazami-kun... you're thrusting so far into me... nnngh...!
Narration: *He's actually pushing hard up against the mouth of my womb now. It's a sensation I hadn't felt before.*
Narration: *I think... he might have been holding back before, out of concern for me.*
Narration: *There's definitely a slight sense of pressure when his penis pushes up on my womb... but it doesn't hurt in the slightest.*
Narration: *In fact, it makes me feel glad... to know how deeply connected we are.*
Chizuru: Aah, haa... Kazami-kun... mmh... don't be shy... you can... ngh... go even deeper if you want...
Chizuru: Mm, aah... ha... come on. It feels better... mmh... when you stick it all the way in, right...?
Chizuru: Haa... ah... No need... mmh, ah... to hold back... You can go all the way...
Yuuji: ...All right.
Chizuru: Nhaa! Ah, ha, ah, aaaah...!
Narration: *The moment Kazami-kun thrusts all the way into me, shoving his cock against my womb, I let out a high-pitched squeal.*
Narration: *"Wh-What...? What was that...? It felt like my body was floating there for a moment..."*
Yuuji: Chizuru... I want to do that again, okay...?
Chizuru: Fwaah! Ah, aaah, haa, nhaaa...!
Narration: *He presses against my cervix again... and a mysterious sensation courses through my body.*
Yuuji: Chizuru... Chizuru...
Chizuru: Nhaa, aah, haa, aah! This is... amazing... mmh! Y-Your dick's... nhaaa... so deep inside me...! Aah, aah, haan!
Yuuji: You keep... clamping down on me when I hit you back there...
Chizuru: Haa... nnh, Kazami-kun... give me more... thrust your penis into me...
Yuuji: All right...
Chizuru: Nhaa! Ah, ha, aaah! Your dick's so deep... fwaah... i-it's shaking me up...!
Narration: *Every time he touches the mouth of my womb, more hot fluid rolls out of my depths.*
Narration: *They're pouring down into my vagina... like water coursing through a broken dam.*
Narration: *"Aah... it's my first time, but... I'm incredibly wet... just listen to those squelching noises... it's so embarrassing..."*
Yuuji: You're getting wetter and wetter, Chizuru...
Chizuru: Haa, mmh... w-well, that's... ah, ah... your fault, Kazami-kun... ahn!
Chizuru: Mmph... ha, ah, aah... how about you, Kazami-kun...? Does it feel good inside me?
Yuuji: Y-Yeah... It feels great...
Narration: *My body heats up when I hear Kazami-kun's voice tremble.*
Narration: *My heart's pounding; I can feel my mind going blank.*
Chizuru: Ah, aah... I'm... feeling good too... mm, haa... ah, ah... your dick... feels so good, Kazami-kun...
Yuuji: ...!
Chizuru: Fwah! Ah, ha, ahn! Nhaa, aah... mm! Haa... ah, aah... ahn!
Narration: *Kazami-kun pierces into me more sharply than before, leaving me momentarily stunned.*
Chizuru: Mm... Kuh, aahn! Wh-What's the matter...? Ahn! You're moving so... intensely...
Yuuji: I want... to do you even harder, Chizuru...
Chizuru: ...! Nhaa, aaaah...! Ha, haa... mmh! All right... Nhaa, aaah! You can do whatever you want, Kazami-kun...
Yuuji: Chizuru... Chizuru...!
Narration: *Calling out my name, Kazami-kun slaps his hips against me.*
Chizuru: Fwaah, aah, ah! Ahn! Nhaa, aah! Kazami-kun... it's so deep inside me...!
Yuuji: ...!
Chizuru: Haa... Nhaa! Ah! Aah, ahn...! Ha, ah, aah... ah, ah... nha, aaah!
Narration: *My womb's burning with heat.*
Narration: *It almost feels like... it's aching for his seed.*
Chizuru: Ngh, aah, aaah... ha, ahn! Mm... ha, haa... ah, aah! Nhaa, aaah!
Yuuji: Chizuru...!
Narration: *From the pleading tone of Kazami-kun's voice alone, I can tell what he's trying to ask me.*
Chizuru: Ha, ah, aaah! Mm... go right ahead... Nha, ah, aah... You can come... mmh... anywhere you want...!
Yuuji: Anywhere...?
Chizuru: Mm, ah, ah... Yes... ahn! I don't mind at all... Nha! Ha, haa... Where do you want to come, Kazami-kun...?
Yuuji: I want to... come inside you...!
Narration: *"Inside..."*
Narration: *"Ah, ah... aaaaaah..."*
Narration: *Just the thought of him coming inside me sends shivers through my body.*
Yuuji: ...Is that a no?
Chizuru: Don't be silly... nhaa... it's fine... ah, ah... go on, come inside me...
Narration: *The instant I speak those words, Kazami-kun begins to thrust his hips even more violently than before.*
Chizuru: Fwah, ah, aaah! Mm, ah, aaaah! Ah, ahn! Ah! Ah! Aaah!
Narration: *My moans and the sounds of skin slapping against skin reverberate throughout my office.*
Chizuru: Haa, ah, ahn! Nhaa, aah, aaah! Aah! Ah, ahn! Ah, aaah!
Yuuji: Chizuru...!
Chizuru: Mm! Kazami-kun...! Nhaa, aah! It's fine... Aah, aah. You can come in me...! Nhaa... let it all out...!
Yuuji: Guh...!!
Narration: *Kazami-kun groans... and his body jerks violently.*
Narration: *In the next moment...*
Narration: *An explosion of heat fills up my womb. *
Narration: *"Ah, ah... Aah... Kazami-kun's coming inside me...!"*
Chizuru: Fwaah, aah, aah, aah... aaaaAAAAAAAAH!!!!
Narration: *Wrapped in blissful pleasure... I finally reach my climax.*
Narration: *It's roughly a hundred times better than any orgasm I've given myself.*
Chizuru: Ah, aaah... you're coming... so much... mmh...
Narration: *I can feel Kazami-kun's dick pulsating inside of me.*
Narration: *If he'd chosen to come outside me... I wonder if I would have felt a different kind of pleasure...?*
Narration: *Right now... that's pretty much the only coherent thought in my mind.*
Narration: *When his ejaculation finally ends, Kazami-kun leans forward, practically collapsing on top of me.*
Yuuji: Chizuru...
Chizuru: Ah...
Narration: *He speaks my name in a voice full of affection... and strokes my head gently.*
Narration: *There's a part of me that wants to be upset at being treated like a child... but his hand feels amazingly nice.*
Narration: *"I'm so... happy..."*
Narration: *The world's... fading to white before my eyes.*
Narration: *I try to fight off the strange sense of exhaustion, but it's no use. Slowly but surely, my conscious mind melts away.*
Narration: *It's probably because... I just had the best orgasm of my life.*
Narration: *Wrapped up in Kazami-kun's warm, gentle arms... I drift off into unconsciousness.*
Narration: *.........*
Narration: *......*
???: ......ru.
???: ......zuru.
Chizuru: Nhah...?
Chizuru: Ah... Kazami-kuuun...
Yuuji: .........
Chizuru: ...? What's the matter?
Yuuji: That's my line. Why are you purring at me like a cat? It's nauseating.
Chizuru: Nauseating!? How very rude!
Chizuru: I-I mean, really... that's no way to treat a woman... you m-made love to...
Yuuji: ...What are you talking about?
Chizuru: Huh...? Come on... you know...! We just, well... *mumble* *mumble*...
Yuuji: You were sound asleep until a minute ago. What are you even talking about?
Chizuru: Huh...? I was asleep...?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Chizuru: Th-There you go again! Honestly, what a tease...
Yuuji: .........
Chizuru: Wh-Why are you looking at me with pity in your eyes, exactly...?
Yuuji: .........
Chizuru: Huh... W-Wait... was it all a dream...?
Chizuru: K-Kazami-kun! Turn around for a second!
Yuuji: ...Like this?
Chizuru: Yes! Don't turn around until I say you can!
Yuuji: Sure.
Narration: *After double-checking to make sure he isn't peeking, I gently slip a hand inside my panties.*
Narration: *I'm wet... but there's no trace of semen.*
Narration: *I glance at the trash can. No tissues.*
Chizuru: S-Seriously? Just a dream...?
Yuuji: You said we made love, right...? Did you dream about having sex with me or something...?
Chizuru: NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! Forget what I said! Pleeeeease!!!!

Chizuru: There we go...
Narration: *As I lift up my shopping bags using both hands, I feel their weight bearing down on my arms.*
Yuuji: ...You certainly stocked up.
Chizuru: Yep. We've been eating together pretty often lately, so I figured I should buy a bit more than usual.
Narration: *Lately, I've been eating a lot of my meals with Kazami-kun in his room. I'm the one doing the cooking, of course.*
Narration: *I've got a good handle on his tastes by now, so planning out the meals is actually pretty fun.*
Narration: *"It's not especially good manners, but we always end up talking during dinner... and when it gets really late, sometimes I... end up staying the night. Kya!"*
Yuuji: They're heavy, aren't they? I'll help.
Chizuru: Ah...
Narration: *Not waiting for my answer, Kazami-kun reaches out and takes the groceries from my hands.*
Narration: *Seeing him effortlessly hoist those heavy shopping bags makes my heart flutter a little.*
Narration: *"I'm wearing... presentable underwear today, right...?"*
Yuuji: ...Chizuru? What's wrong?
Chizuru: Oh... uh, it's nothing.
Narration: *Trying to suppress my nerves, I stride forward quickly to catch up with Kazami-kun.*
Chizuru: ...Well, let's head home.
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *I wouldn't really mind stopping off somewhere on the way... but we end up walking straight back to the dorm.*
Narration: *"Aw... we're here already..."*
Narration: *Kazami-kun walks faster than I usually do, so the trip from the shopping district to the dorm took no time at all.*
Narration: *I kind of wanted to take a nice, leisurely stroll, to be honest... but I don't want to act like a spoiled little girl when I'm dealing with a younger man.*
Narration: *"I'm the adult here, after all. I've got to stay cool and in control."*
Narration: *As that thought's running through my mind, Kazami-kun turns back to look at me.*
Yuuji: ...All right, I'll head in first.
Chizuru: Oh, sure.
Narration: *I did say that we should try to enter the building separately, just to be on the safe side... but ever since then, we've never gone back to his room together. Not even once.*
Narration: *"Just once... I wish he'd tell me not to worry about it... or say that he wants to walk back with me..."*
Chizuru: Oh, that's right... Kazami-kun?
Yuuji: What is it?
Chizuru: I have somewhere I need to be for a while. Could you put the groceries in the fridge?
Yuuji: No problem.
Narration: *After Kazami-kun's walked out of sight, I follow him toward the dormitory.*
Chizuru: ...Nobody's home, right?
Narration: *After looking around the lobby to make sure nobody's around, I make my way to a certain location.*
Chizuru: I got kind of sweaty out there, so I really want to take a shower and freshen up...
Chizuru: ...I might end up doing... something or other with Kazami-kun. Maybe I should wash my body too...
Chizuru: .........
Chizuru: ...Kazami-kun is a fairly eager young man, after all... I guess it can't hurt to wash up beforehand. 
Narration: *I wash myself thoroughly, apply some body milk and a bit of makeup... and then finally head over to Kazami-kun's room.*
Chizuru: Sorry to keep you... Kyah!
Narration: *As soon as I walk through the door, Kazami-kun walks up and embraces me.*
Yuuji: ...You sure took a while.
Chizuru: S-Sorry... I was a bit sweaty, so I took a shower...
Yuuji: You smell nice...
Chizuru: Mm...
Narration: *Kazami-kun's breath tickles the nape of my neck, and I let out a little moan.*
Narration: *"Oh geez... thank goodness I showered..."*
Narration: *He's obviously delighted. Seems like I made the right call for sure.*
Narration: *I kind of want to keep cuddling with him for a while... but that probably isn't a good idea.*
Narration: *The secret to capturing a young man's heart is to indulge him only sparingly... or so I've heard. Much as it pains me to do so, I should cut him off here.*
Chizuru: Come on, let go. I have to make dinner.
Yuuji: You can do that later, can't you...?
Chizuru: No means no.
Narration: *I reach out and give him a slap on the wrist to show that I'm serious.*
Narration: *I feel a bit bad about that... but last time, I wasn't firm enough, and we ended up having sex until morning. Can't let that happen again.*
Narration: *...Of course, I'm happy that he wants me that badly... but still.*
Chizuru: Just hang in there until I finish making dinner, all right?
Narration: *Cutting off the conversation before Kazami-kun can try to object, I walk off toward the kitchen.*
Chizuru: Let's see...
Narration: *Opening up the fridge, I retrieve the ingredients for tonight's dinner.*
Narration: *I'll start by washing the vegetables, then chop them up carefully one by one.*
Chizuru: After that...
Yuuji: Chizuru...
Chizuru: Kyah!
Narration: *Just as I'm getting started on the cooking, Kazami-kun suddenly wraps his arms around me from behind.*
Chizuru: Hey, don't grab me while I'm holding a knife! It's dangerous.
Yuuji: Yeah, I know...
Yuuji: But I really wanted to hug you, Chizuru.
Narration: *Despite my gentle attempts at a scolding, Kazami-kun only tightens his grasp.*
Narration: *His body's warm... and I can feel his breath tickling against my neck. It makes my heart race.*
Narration: *What am I going to do with this kid...? I was planning on indulging him after dinner... *
Narration: *But if he comes at me like this... I don't think I'll be able to wait that long either.*
Chizuru: ...I'm cooking, okay? Just wait a little longer.
Yuuji: I can't...
Chizuru: Ah...
Narration: *Kazami-kun holds me even tighter... and as a result, I notice something I hadn't before.*
Narration: *"Kazami-kun's... got a rock-hard boner..."*
Yuuji: Chizuru...
Narration: *He grinds his dick against me, as if begging me to touch it.*
Narration: *"Kazami-kun... wants to do it that badly, huh...? Hee hee..."*
Narration: *I'm on the verge of giggling, but somehow I manage to keep my face steady.*
Narration: *As an older woman, I can't ever let him think he's gotten the upper hand.*
Yuuji: Chizuru...
Narration: *Kazami-kun's pleading voice makes my heart skip a beat.*
Narration: *"Oh, you're just too cute!"*
Chizuru: ...You really can't wait anymore?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Chizuru: Honestly, you're hopeless...
Chizuru: I'll make an exception today, all right? But it's not going to happen again.
Yuuji: ...Okay.
Chizuru: Well then, let's go to bed.
Narration: *The two of us take a seat on the bed next to each other.*
Narration: *The sweet scent of body milk wafts through the air. My body's probably heating up a little in anticipation.*
Chizuru: ...So, what do you want me to do?
Yuuji: I want you to use your mouth.
Chizuru: My mouth...? You want a blowjob?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Narration: *The moment has finally arrived.*
Narration: *I read up quite a bit to prepare for this... but I'm not sure how well I'll pull it off.*
Yuuji: ...Is that a no?
Chizuru: Don't be silly. I'll do it... if you really want me to.
Yuuji: Thanks...
Narration: *There's something like relief on Kazami-kun's face. I guess he was worried I might refuse.*
Narration: *I don't see that expression on his face very often... but it's kind of cute. I can feel a warmth spreading through my lower abdomen.*
Chizuru: I'll take off your pants now, okay?
Narration: *Moving around in front of Kazami-kun, I reach out for his pants.*
Narration: *Making sure not to let my hands tremble, I slowly, carefully take them off.*
Chizuru: ...!
Narration: *As Kazami-kun's dick springs free of its prison before my eyes, it's all I can do not to gasp.*
Narration: *"Kazami-kun's penis... really is big..."*
Narration: *I've seen it quite a few times by now... but it's different when you're up close and personal like this.*
Narration: *I reach out timidly... and wrap my hand around it.*
Narration: *"Ah... Kazami-kun's dick just twitched..."*
Chizuru: I'll use my hand... before I put it in my mouth...
Yuuji: Mm...
Narration: *Deciding to start off by teasing him a little, I move my hands slowly along his shaft.*
Narration: *As I do, he starts letting out surprisingly cute little moans.*
Narration: *"Wow... that's quite a reaction, considering how gentle I'm being... I wonder if it's something like when he rubs my clitoris..."*
Narration: *With slow, gentle movements, I continue caressing his cock for a while.*
Narration: *"Kazami-kun's dick... is so hard, and big... and strong... But it twitches whenever I touch it... Haha. How cute..."*
Yuuji: ...!
Chizuru: Kazami-kun... does that feel good?
Yuuji: Y-Yeah... it... kuh... it definitely does...
Narration: *"Very interesting. He really likes it when I rub the crown, doesn't he...?"*
Narration: *"I wonder if he has any other weak points..."*
Chizuru: Your dick certainly is twitching a lot, isn't it?
Yuuji: Yeah... because your hand feels really good, Chizuru...
Narration: *"The base isn't very sensitive, relatively speaking..."*
Chizuru: Maybe... I should make you come like this?
Yuuji: Come on, don't do that... I asked you for a blowjob, right...?
Chizuru: Haha, only kidding.
Narration: *"Okay. He's a lot more sensitive near the top, I think."*
Chizuru: Hm...?
Narration: *Sensing something hot on my fingers, I glance down at them.*
Narration: *"Ah... pre-come's leaking out of his dick..."*
Narration: *"Kazami-kun... must be really enjoying this, huh...?"*
Narration: *I gently run my fingers through the liquid trickling down the head of his penis.*
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *Kazami-kun quivers slightly, and he lets out a little moan.*
Chizuru: ...Did that feel good?
Yuuji: Y-Yeah...
Chizuru: I see.
Yuuji: # **Kuh...!**
Narration: *As I rub Kazami-kun's own pre-come into the surface of his penis, he shows obvious signs of pleasure.*
Narration: *"Oh geez... look how much pre-come there is now... if I touch him here, it just keeps coming out..."*
Narration: *Every time I stimulate his penis, more and more transparent fluid trickles up from inside it.*
Yuuji: Chizuru...!
Narration: *"...I guess it's about time."*
Narration: *Swallowing anxiously, I look up at Kazami-kun.*
Chizuru: A-All right then... I'm going to use my mouth now, okay...? Just like you wanted...
Yuuji: Okay...
Narration: *My voice trembled slightly just now, but Kazami-kun doesn't seem to have noticed.*
Narration: *Trying to keep my racing heartbeat under control, I stick out my tongue and move it toward his penis.*
Chizuru: Mm...
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *As the tip of my tongue makes contact with his urethra, Kazami-kun breathes in sharply.*
Chizuru: Mm... *lick*... *lick*... mm... mm, *lick*...
Narration: *"I thought it was going to be bitter, like semen... but it's not, really. It doesn't taste like anything at all... so this is actually pretty easy."*
Chizuru: *Lick*... *lick*... mm... *lick*, mmm... does that feel good...?
Yuuji: Y-Yeah... it definitely does...
Chizuru: Mm... I'll give the rest of your dick some love too...
Narration: *Holding Kazami-kun's penis firmly in place with my hand, I run my tongue down to the crown.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Chizuru: Haha... *lick*, *lick*... I think I've found your weak spot, Kazami-kun... when I touched it with my hand, your dick kept twitching like crazy...
Yuuji: Well... everything feels good when you're the one doing it, Chizuru...
Chizuru: ...!?
Narration: *"O-Oh geez... the boy's too smooth for his own good..."*
Narration: *Trying not to let my excitement and embarrassment show, I caress the tip of his penis with my tongue.*
Chizuru: Mm... *lick* *lick*... mmph...
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *"The very tip of his penis doesn't seem that sensitive..."*
Chizuru: Mm... *lick*... *slurp*... you look a little frustrated, Kazami-kun...
Yuuji: ...I'm fine, actually.
Narration: *"Haha. Look at Mr. Tough Guy..."*
Narration: *Suppressing a smile, I slide my tongue all the way around to stimulate the underside of his dick.*
Yuuji: ...Aaah...!
Narration: *"So he likes it down here...? He looked pretty frustrated just now, so I'll have to give it plenty of attention..."*
Chizuru: Mmph... *lick*... *lick*... *lick*... mmm... *lick*...
Yuuji: Chizuru... that feels great...
Chizuru: Haha, yes, I know... mm... *lick*...
Narration: *My nose is really close to his urethra right now, so I can smell his pre-come very clearly.*
Narration: *Little by little, the scent's getting stronger. *
Chizuru: *Lick*... mm, mm, haa... *lick*... *lick*... mm... you know, I can't lick your penis very well if it keeps twitching like that...
Yuuji: I can't help it... you're too good at this, Chizuru... ngh!
Chizuru: Mm... haa... well, in that case...
Narration: *Temporarily removing my tongue from his penis, I wrap my hand around the head and move it slightly to the side.*
Narration: *Now that I'm holding his penis steady, I resume slowly running my tongue down the side of his shaft.*
Chizuru: Mm... *lick*... mm... *lick* *lick*... mmph... *lick*, nngh...
Narration: *Every time I gently lick his penis, it pulses and trembles against my hand.*
Narration: *Precome flows steadily out of him, heating up the palm of my hand.*
Narration: *Spurred on by the signs of his excitement, I begin to move my tongue more quickly than before.*
Chizuru: Fwah... mm... *lick*... *lick*, *lick*... mmh... *lick* *luck* *lick*... mmm...
Yuuji: # **Kuh!!**
Narration: *Slipping my tongue down into my hand, I stimulate the crown of Kazami-kun's penis, causing him to moan in ecstasy.*
Chizuru: Mm... hehe, does it feel good here...? Mm... *lick*...
Yuuji: Y-Yeah... that's the spot...
Chizuru: Okay then, I'll have to give it even more love... mm... *lick*... mmh, *lick* *lick*... mm, mmh...
Yuuji: ...!!
Chizuru: Ahn!
Narration: *As I persistently stimulate the crown with the tip of my tongue, his penis jerks violently, and it slips right out of my hand.*
Yuuji: Chizuru...
Chizuru: ...Yeah?
Yuuji: Would you mind... actually putting it in your mouth...?
Chizuru: ...What, did you run out of patience already?
Yuuji: Yeah... I want you to... make me come, Chizuru...
Narration: *Those words hit me surprisingly hard.*
Narration: *"Aw... how am I supposed to say no when he begs me like that...? I really wanted to tease him a little longer..."*
Chizuru: Sure... No problem...
Narration: *I know I'm being a total softie, but I end up giving in anyway.*
Narration: *Taking hold of his penis once again, I softly take it into my mouth.*
Chizuru: Mmph...
Yuuji: Aah...
Narration: *Glancing up to see the pleasure on Kazami-kun's face, I let his penis slide a little deeper inside me.*
Chizuru: Mmh... mmm, mm... mm...
Narration: *"I think I can go a little further..."*
Chizuru: Mmm... mmm... nngh, nnnh...
Narration: *With his penis about halfway into my mouth, it already feels like I'm starting to choke.*
Narration: *"If I take him any deeper... he might end up poking the back of my throat..."*
Narration: *Trying to get a feel for the distance, I slowly pull my head backward.*
Chizuru: Mmh... mm... mm, mm...
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *Kazami-kun shivers when my lips reach the crown of his cock.*
Narration: *I pause for a moment with the head of his cock balanced on my lips, then take it in deeply.*
Narration: *After repeating that process a few times, I start to slowly pick up the pace.*
Chizuru: Mmh... *slurp*... *slurp*... nmm... mm... *slurp* *smack*...
Yuuji: Chizuru... That feels good...
Narration: *"Thank goodness... I've never done this before, so I was a little anxious... but it looks like he's enjoying this."*
Narration: *Breathing a little sigh of relief, I continue stroking his dick with my lips.*
Chizuru: *Slurp*... *slurp*... mmh, *smack*... nn, nngh... *smack*...
Narration: *By this point, I've practically coated it with my saliva.*
Narration: *With each new stroke, I squeeze my lips down tightly on his shaft, increasing the stimulation.*
Chizuru: *Smack*... *slurp*... mmh... *smack*, *smack*... mm, mmh... mm, *slurp*... *smack*...
Yuuji: ...! Chizuru... more... I want more...!
Chizuru: Fwah, mm... well, if you insist...
Chizuru: Mmh... *slurp*... *smack* *smack*... nn, nn... *smack* *slurp*... *slurp* *slurp*... *smack*...
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *Now that I'm getting the hang of this, I start using my tongue on the tip of his cock as I move my head.*
Narration: *It apparently feels pretty good, judging from the way Kazami-kun's scrunching up his face.*
Narration: *Seeing the pleasure in his eyes makes my heart beat faster; I find myself moving my lips and tongue even more rapidly than before.*
Chizuru: *Smack* *smack*... mmm... there's so much pre-come... nn... leaking out of your dick... *smack*... *slurp* *smack*...
Narration: *The smell of his penis is growing more intense by the moment... it's sending me into a daze...*
Narration: *"I think... I kind of like... the way he smells..."*
Chizuru: *Slurp* *smack*... *kiss*... *slurp*... mmh, *smack*... nng... you can let out more pre-come if you want... mmm... *smack* *smack*...
Yuuji: # **Kuh!!**
Narration: *Not content to pleasure him with my mouth, I start using my hand as well.*
Narration: *This way, I can simultaneously stimulate his shaft with my hand, his crown with my lips, and the tip of my cock with his tongue.*
Chizuru: *Smack*... *smooch*... *smack* *slurp*... nn, *slurp*... *kiss* *smack*... *smooch*...
Narration: *Eager to taste more of Kazami-kun's pre-come, I start sucking on his penis as well.*
Narration: *Every time I do, his body squirms slightly, and he lets out a little moan.*
Narration: *"Kazami-kun is so cute..."*
Chizuru: Haa... mm... I'll make sure... to stimulate your weak spots, too...
Chizuru: Mm *smooch*... *smack*... Mmh, mm... *smack* *slurp*... *suck* *slurp* *smack*... nnn, *smack* *smack*...!
Yuuji: Gah... Chizuru, that feels good...!
Narration: *As I squeeze down on his crown with my lips, Kazami-kun clenches the sheets of his bed and lets out a shivering groan.*
Chizuru: *Smack* Mm, haa... Haha... does it really feel that good...?
Yuuji: Y-Yeah... it's too good... I don't think I can hold on much longer...
Chizuru: Ngh... you can come any time you want, Kazami-kun... mmh, *slurp*... *slurp* *smack*... *kiss* *smack* *smack*...
Narration: *I'm not used to doing this... to be honest, my jaw's starting to get tired.*
Narration: *But I'm determined to pleasure Kazami-kun, so I force myself to keep moving.*
Chizuru: *Smooch*... *smack* *suck*... *kiss*... *sluuurp* *slurp*... *smack* *kiss* *smack*... *slurp* *smack*...
Chizuru: Don't worry, Kazami-kun... I'll get your crown, too... nn, *smack* *slurp*... nn, nngh... *slurp* *smack* *smack*...
Yuuji: Aah...!
Chizuru: And the tip... where all your pre-come's leaking out... nn, nn, nngh... *smack*... *slurrrrrrp*...
Yuuji: ...!!
Chizuru: And the underside... look at it pulsing... nn, *kiss* *smack*... *smack*, nnn, nngh, *kiss*... *smack* *smack*...
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Chizuru: I'll make... your entire dick feel good... *smooch* *smack*... *sluuurp*... *kiss* *smack* *slurp*... mm... *lick* *slurp* *slurp*...
Yuuji: Chi-Chizuru...!
Chizuru: *Smooch*, mm... go on... mmh... *smack* *smooch*... Let it out... *slurp* *smack*... give me lots of semen... *smack* *smack* *smack* *slurp*...
Yuuji: ...! Kuh!!!
Chizuru: Fwaaaah!! Mm!!!
Narration: *Kazami-kun's body jerks up, and his penis slips out of my mouth. *
Narration: *The very next moment, his semen sprays all over my defenseless face... and the scent fills my head with heat.*
Yuuji: Haaah...!
Narration: *As his ejaculation finally ends, Kazami-kun lets out a long, deep sigh.*
Chizuru: Mm... you certainly came a lot...
Yuuji: Yeah... that was an amazing blowjob, Chizuru...
Chizuru: O-Oh... really...? Well, thanks...
Narration: *Taken by surprise, I respond reflexively, forgetting all about my "composed older woman" routine.*
Yuuji: I got your face really dirty, Chizuru...
Chizuru: Don't worry about it. You came a lot because it felt really good, right?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Chizuru: Then there's nothing to apologize for.
Narration: *When I smile reassuringly up at him, his penis twitches furiously before my eyes.*
Chizuru: ...Oh, geez... you just came all over me, and you still want more?
Yuuji: Yeah... this time, I want to make you feel good too...
Chizuru: Honestly, what am I going to do with you...?
Chizuru: ...This time, I'll get you off with my pussy.
Narration: *Rising to my feet, I climb onto the bed without even bothering to wipe the semen from my face.*
Narration: *To be honest... my pussy's been aching for his dick for quite a while now.*
Narration: *But of course, I can't tell him that. Wouldn't be good to come off as desperate.*
Narration: *Trying to suppress my impatience, I position myself over Kazami-kun... and slowly let my hips fall.*
Narration: *Gently taking hold of Kazami-kun's rock-hard penis, I press its tip to the moist entrance of my vagina.*
Chizuru: ...I'm going to put it in now,okay?
Yuuji: Sure...
Narration: *I look down at Kazami-kun's face... feel my heart skip a beat... and drop my hips further.*
Chizuru: Mm... haah... aah... ah, ah... aaaah...
Narration: *"Kazami-kun's dick... is going inside me..."*
Narration: *As it finally receives what it's been aching for, my body trembles with joy.*
Narration: *But I'm not about to stop now... I keep lowering my hips until I feel the head of his cock touch my cervix.*
Chizuru: Ngh... fwaah...
Narration: *"Kazami-kun's dick is so big... it's pressing up on my womb...!"*
Narration: *It's a bit painful... probably because I took it all the way in at once.*
Chizuru: Kazami-kun... is it just me, or is your dick even bigger than when I was giving you head...?
Yuuji: ...Is it? I can't really tell, to be honest...
Yuuji: But... being inside you always makes me happy, Chizuru...
Chizuru: ...!?
Narration: *"Oh, g-good grief... is he trying to kill me with cuteness...?"*
Chizuru: I... I'll be taking the lead today, okay?
Yuuji: Sure...
Chizuru: Mm, mm... haan... nngh...
Narration: *To be honest, I want to just let myself melt into Kazami-kun... but instead, I start moving my hips slowly up and down.*
Narration: *"Nnngh... Kazami-kun's dick... is stroking so deep inside me..."*
Yuuji: It feels... really good inside you, Chizuru...
Narration: *"So this is... what Kazami-kun looks like when he's feeling pleasure..."*
Narration: *When I'm positioned right over him like this, it's easy to spot the subtle differences in his expression that I'd never noticed before.*
Narration: *"Wait a second... does that mean Kazami-kun can see the pleasure on my face, too?"*
Narration: *"...!!! Oh no, that's so embarrassing..."*
Narration: *"But... I want to see Kazami-kun's face... ugh, what do I do...?"*
Yuuji: What about you, Chizuru...?
Chizuru: Huh...?
Narration: *As I'm trying to figure out what to do, Kazami-kun interrupts my thoughts with a question.*
Yuuji: Is this... good for you, Chizuru?
Chizuru: Mmh... y-yes... hah, ahn... your dick... aah... feels really good...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *"Ah..."*
Narration: *It's a small, subtle change, but I can tell Kazami-kun's expression just softened slightly.*
Narration: *And in that moment... I make up my mind.*
Narration: *"It's embarrassing that Kazami-kun can see me like this... but... I want to see his face..."*
Chizuru: Mm, mm... haah... nhaah, ah, fuh... mm, mmm... haa... nnngh...
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *As I increase my pace slightly, Kazami-kun furrows his brow and lets out a little groan.*
Chizuru: Mmh... haa... go on, Kazami-kun... give in to the pleasure...
Yuuji: Y-Yeah...
Yuuji: But... you've got to enjoy yourself too, Chizuru...
Chizuru: Huh...? Fwah!? Aaah!!
Narration: *As Kazami-kun suddenly thrusts up into me, I let out a sharp little squeal.*
Chizuru: Nhaa... aah... K-Kazami-kun...?
Yuuji: You made me feel really good earlier, Chizuru... only fair that I repay the favor, right?
Chizuru: Well... nnh... I suppose so, but... nn, haa... you're younger than me... you can just enjoy yourself, if you want...
Yuuji: That's sweet of you... but I want to give you pleasure, too.
Chizuru: ...!
Narration: *"H-Honestly... he's unbelievable...!"*
Narration: *I don't need a mirror to know that I'm blushing.*
Narration: *...But even so, Kazami-kun's words make me really happy.*
Chizuru: ...Well, I want to please you too, Kazami-kun...
Yuuji: Let's move together, then...
Chizuru: Well, all right...
Narration: *For a moment, the two of us just stare into each other's eyes... and then we both start moving our hips.*
Chizuru: Mm, mm... haa, aah... ahnn... mm, mm... mm... nhaah... nggh...
Narration: *Our movements aren't exactly in sync; it probably doesn't feel quite as good as before.*
Narration: *But my heart's so full of love and happiness that I'm not about to complain.*
Narration: *As the desire to please Kazami-kun swells up inside me, my embarrassment melts away, and I move my hips more vigorously than before.*
Chizuru: Haa... nhaah... ngh... ng, ngh... your dick's... nngh... throbbing inside my pussy...
Yuuji: Yeah... it feels really good inside you, Chizuru...
Chizuru: Nng... haa, aah... ahn... mmh... well... you're making me feel... really good too...
Yuuji: Yeah, I can tell. You're getting wetter and wetter...
Chizuru: Nha... ah, aaah... haah... you're right... ngh... aah... I keep hearing squelching noises... nn... when we move...
Narration: *Our movements were pretty clumsy at first, but they're growing increasingly fluid.*
Narration: *As we slowly begin to get in sync with each other, an intense new form of pleasure courses through my body.*
Chizuru: Ah, aah... haan... ngh... so deep... aaah... Kazami-kun, you're hitting my womb...
Yuuji: Chizuru... I want to see... the pleasure on your face...
Chizuru: Fwah... ahn... that's not fair, Kazami-kun... nhaah... I want to see it on yours, too... nngh!
Yuuji: Aah...!
Narration: *As I squeeze my pussy tightly around Kazami-kun's penis, his expression changes instantly.*
Narration: *"I'm not sure how long I can keep moving like this... it might feel too good..."*
Chizuru: Ngh, ngh! Nhaa... Ah, aah... mm! Mm... Haa... Ngh... mmph...
Yuuji: Kuh! It feels like... your pussy's stroking my cock, Chizuru...!
Chizuru: Haa... Nggh... haha. You look so adorable when you're feeling pleasure, Kazami-kun... mmh...
Yuuji: I'm not going to be... the only one this time...
Narration: *Gritting his teeth, Kazami-kun throws his hips sharply upward.*
Chizuru: Nhaaaaaaa!!
Narration: *The sudden impact sends a jolt through my womb. For a moment, I'm totally unable to move.*
Narration: *Taking advantage of this opportunity, Kazami-kun immediately launches another powerful thrust.*
Chizuru: Fwaah, aah, aaah! Ngh, nhaaa... nhaa, mmm... nh, aah... nnngh...
Narration: *My body's trembling with pleasure, but with an effort of will, I manage to start moving my hips again.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Chizuru: Ngh... haahn... ah, aah... your dick... mmh... feels so good, Kazami-kun... haan, nngh...
Chizuru: Nha... ah, haa... ah, aaah, nhaah... it's rubbing against... my insides... haa, ahn... and hitting me... all the way in the back... ah, aah, aaah...
Narration: *By sheer coincidence, our movements finally sync up perfectly... and the resulting pleasure is almost overwhelming.*
Chizuru: Ah, aaah! Fwah, ah, ahn! K-Kazami-kun... Nhaa... I think... I'm going to... come...!
Yuuji: Me too...
Chizuru: Nghh... ha, haaa... let's come together, then...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *Kazami-kun and I stare into each other's eyes... and our movements become even more intense.*
Chizuru: Fwah! Ah, haa, aahn! Nhaa, ah, aaah... this is... amazing...! Ngh... I can feel... every inch of your dick...!
Narration: *Even as we steadily pick up the pace, our timing stays absolutely perfect.*
Narration: *We've never been this deeply connected before... and that thought guides me closer and closer to climax.*
Chizuru: Ngh, haa... Ah, aaah...! Kazami-kun... mm... more... give me more...! I'll squeeze your dick as hard as I can...!
Yuuji: Yeah... you got it...!
Chizuru: Nhaa! Ah, aah... mmm...! Fwah, ah, ha, aahn! Ngh, haa, mm, mnah, ah, aaah!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Chizuru: Ha, haa... Nhaa! Ah! Oh no... I want to keep going, but... nn, ngh... I d-don't think... nhah, aaah... I can hold on...!
Yuuji: Same here...!
Chizuru: Aah, ah, ahn! Ha, ah, aaah! K-Kazami-kun...! Ngh... let's... mm, ah, ah! Let's come together...!
Yuuji: R-Right...
Chizuru: Hyaah, aah, aaah! Mm, ha, aah, aaah! Kazami-kun...! Ngh, aah, aaah! Kazami-kun...! Nha! Ah! Aaaah!
Chizuru: Aah!! I'm comiiiiiiing!!!
Yuuji: Guh!!!
Chizuru: Nha?! Aah, fwah, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!!!
Narration: *As my pussy clenches down on his wildly twitching penis, Kazami-kun fills me with semen.*
Narration: *A pleasant heat spreads all through my vagina. It feels like I'm about to melt away.*
Narration: *"Aaah... it feels SO good..."*
Narration: *Reveling in every pulse of his penis... I let a long, deep orgasm wash over me.*
Narration: *Eventually, his ejaculation slows to a halt, and my quivering pussy gradually returns to normal.*
Chizuru: You came all over my face earlier... how did you even have that much left in you...?
Yuuji: Just goes to show... how amazing you were, Chizuru...
Chizuru: ...!? H-Honestly... what am I going to do with you...?
Narration: *For some reason, Kazami-kun's being even sweeter than usual today.*
Narration: *"Now he's making me want to go another round..."*
Chizuru: Kazami-kun... do you... want to keep going...?
Yuuji: Yeah... I do...
Chizuru: W-Well, if you insist... shall we do it one more time?
Chizuru: I really should be cooking dinner right now, but... I guess I'll make an exception. Just this once, okay...?
Yuuji: Sure... got it...
Chizuru: In that case...
Narration: *The two of us look deeply into each other's eyes... and start moving our hips again.*
Chizuru: Nha?! Ah, aah... fwah, ahn!!
Narration: *"Wh-What on earth...? That felt really good just now..."*
Yuuji: ...!
Chizuru: Haaan! Ah, ah, nhaa! K-Kazami-kun... stop pushing up against my womb like that...!
Narration: *My body's still sensitive from that last climax... it almost feels like I'm coming a little every time he thrusts up into me.*
Chizuru: Fwaah! Ah, haa, nhaa, ah, aaah! Hyaah! Ah, ahn!!
Yuuji: Your pussy's... quivering like crazy, Chizuru...
Chizuru: Ngh... Ha, aah! Nha, ah... I-I can't help it... your penis feels... really good... hyah! Ah, aaaah!
Yuuji: You can come if you want to...
Narration: *"I'm gonna come right away if he keeps poking all the way back there... but I don't want that!"*
Narration: *"I want to us to come together... like we did last time..."*
Narration: *Reaching an orgasm with the person you love is about a hundred times better than getting off all on your own.*
Narration: *Gritting my teeth, I summon my last ounce of strength... and start moving my hips, while clenching my vagina tightly.*
Chizuru: Nhaa!! Ha, ah, ahn! Ah, aah... Your dick... It's grinding into me...!
Yuuji: Aah...!
Chizuru: Haan... mm... h-haha... Kazami-kun... you like that, don't you?
Yuuji: Y-Yeah... Your pussy really is the best, Chizuru...
Chizuru: ...! Nhaa, aah, fuaah! Ah, aah... Kazami-kun... mm! Just come whenever you want to, okay?
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *It seems like neither of us are going to last too long this time... and now that we now that, there's no reason to hold back.*
Chizuru: Ngh, haa, aaah, ah! Nhaa! Ah, haa, aaahn! Ngh, aah, ah, aaaah!
Narration: *With every vigorous movement of our hips, the bed creaks below us, and the fluids inside my vagina squelch loudly.*
Narration: *There's a small part of me that finds that embarrassing... but right now, all I really care about is making love to Kazami-kun, so my hips never stop moving.*
Chizuru: Ngh, aah, aah... nhaaan! Haa... go on... mm... enjoy my pussy all you like... nhah, aah... give me more...!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Chizuru: Fwah! Ah, ahn! Ngh... ha, nhaa, aah, aaah!
Narration: *Kazami-kun paused for a moment as I squeezed down on his cock, but soon enough, he's thrusting right back into me.*
Narration: *Taken by surprise, I very nearly climax as his penis strikes at the mouth of my womb.*
Narration: *"N-Not yet...! I have to hold it until Kazami-kun comes...!"*
Chizuru: Ngh! Mm... mmh! Haa, ngh, nhaa, aaaah...! Ngh! Ah, aah, mmm!
Narration: *I grit my teeth, trying to suppress the explosive orgasm building inside me, and swing my hips frantically forward.*
Narration: *"Hurry up, Kazami-kun... Hurry up and come... Ngh... I can't hold on much longer...!"*
Chizuru: Nhaa, aah, ah! Haa... Ah, ahn! Mm... Ah, fwah, aaah, aaah! Aaah!
Yuuji: Kuh! Chizuru... I think I'm gonna come...
Chizuru: Ha, aaaah...! I-It's fine... Ngh... go ahead...! Aah, aah... go ahead and come...!
Narration: *Now I can come with Kazami-kun. As soon as that thought runs through my mind...*
Chizuru: Nha?! Aah, fwaah?! Ah, aaaah!
Narration: *...the pleasure I've been suppressing surges through my body with a vengeance.*
Narration: *Completely overwhelmed by the sensual onslaught, I can feel myself heading straight for a climax.*
Chizuru: Fwah?! Aah! Ngh, haa, aaah! Ah! Aaah! I... I'm gonna come! Nhaa! Aaah! I'm coming...!!!
Chizuru: Nhaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!
Yuuji: Guh!!!
Narration: *My body spasms in ecstasy, and Kazami-kun's penis slips out of my vagina.*
Narration: *A torrent of semen surges out of it and sprays all over my body.*
Chizuru: Haa, haa... haa... I can't believe it... mm... it's your third round... but you still came this much...?
Chizuru: And... it's such thick come, too...
Narration: *Scopping up a dense, ropy strand of semen with my fingertips, I show it to Kazami-kun.*
Yuuji: You're pretty impressive yourself, Chizuru...
Chizuru: Huh...?
Narration: *I follow Kazami-kun's gaze down to the bed... and discover that I've absolutely drenched the sheets with my fluids.*
Narration: *"L-Look at this mess... God, I'm so embarrassed...!"*
Narration: *I want to turn away and hide... but I've got to be the grown-up here.*
Yuuji: ...In any case... I really came all over you, Chizuru...
Yuuji: Why don't we take a bath together before dinner?
Chizuru: A bath, he says... you just want to have sex again, don't you?
Yuuji: Well, I guess we'll see about that...
Narration: *Kazami-kun grins mischieviously.*
Narration: *When he smiles like that... it means he's planning something "naughty."*
Narration: *I know that all too well, but...*
Chizuru: Good grief, you're hopeless... all right then...
Narration: *I end up deciding to indulge him anyway.*
Narration: *I don't... want this blissful night to end any time soon...*
Chizuru: Heh. Heheheh... and then we'll get married... he'll be all over me, of course... kya!
Chizuru: We'll have at least two kids, I suppose... they say it's best to have a girl and then a boy, right...?
Chizuru: Mweheheh...
Amane: Wh-What's the matter with Chizu-chan...?
Makina: Looks like her pussy ain't the only thing that's gone rotten...
Michiru: Whaaat?! It went rotten!? I didn't know that was even a thing!
Sachi: Oh, Michiru-sama...
Chizuru: Now, what should we name her? If you put my name and Kazami-kun's names together, that gives you "Yuzuru"...
Chizuru: Oh, that's a pretty good name, actually. But what characters should we use...?
Yumiko: ...Let's try not to end up like that, everyone.
Amane: Yeah...

Professor Dave: Hoooold on there! Before you head off to paradise, might I have a moment of your time?
Professor Dave: I know how much you kids all love Miss Tachibana Chizuru, Mihama's "loli" old lady. But her name's always just displayed as "Principal," right?
Professor Dave: I'm sure you kids probably have all sorts of different names for her, don't you? Printcher, Chizuru, C-Zuru, Chizuchizu...
Professor Dave: Therefore, I'm giving you the special opportunity to decide for yourself which one we'll display for this scene!
Professor Dave: How do you like that? Good stuff, am I right?
Professor Dave: Go on, kids! Choose the name we'll display for Miss Tachibana Chizuru's dialogue!

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Tell me, are you jumping around from one scene to the next, watching whatever catches your eye?
Professor Dave: That's perfectly fine, of course. But just for a change of pace, why don't you try being "faithful"?
Professor Dave: A male penguin always "marries" the same female every year. They might be separated in the sea, but once they're back on land, they find their way back to each other... isn't that wonderful?
Professor Dave: You kids should try focusing on a single partner for a while yourselves. When you've jacked off to something a dozen times, you'll start discovering things you never noticed before!
Professor Dave: Incidentally, I'm currently focusing on Kiyoka. That "bumooo" gets me every time!

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Have you heard this saying?
Professor Dave: Without effort... there is no orgasm!
Professor Dave: That's right! If you want to come buckets, you've got to immerse yourself in the scene!
Professor Dave: Aaah, my poor JB! Haa, haa, Kazuki-tan! Haa, haa! Fuck! Kiyoka-fuuuuck!
Professor Dave: Come on, Chiara! I'll show you what I can do! Fuck... this loli old lady is too damn cute!
Professor Dave: Go on, kids! Let's get into the spirit of things!

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Have you heard this saying?
Professor Dave: If you fap with all your heart, you'll never run out of energy...
Professor Dave: That's right! After all that effort you put into masturbating, you don't want it to end with a single orgasm, right?
Professor Dave: Once you've come once, go for twice! Once you've come twice, go for thrice! That's how it should be!
Professor Dave: That's the whole point of having all these characters to fuck, y'see!?

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! How's your masturbation life treating you these days?
Professor Dave: What, me? Oh, I'm enjoying myself, don't you worry!
Professor Dave: Today, I'm going to teach you masturbation-loving kids about a splendid little feature!
Professor Dave: Let's say you're playing an eroge when someone shows up at your door! Crap, no time to save! Well, guess what? Just hit the F12 button on your keyboard!
Professor Dave: Wow, look at that - the game's been minimized! Depending on your settings, it might even disguise itself as a notepad! Give it a try, why don't you!?

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! These days, you never know what dangers lurk just around the corner... so let's review how to respond to some unexpected scenarios!
Professor Dave: Let's say you're in the middle of enjoying your visit to paradise... when suddenly, a shark appears at your feet!
Professor Dave: Chooomp!! Yoooowch! He bit youuuuu!
Professor Dave: But don't worry, kids! Stay calm! I taught you how to deal with a shark before, right? Just punch him right on the tip of the nose, in the "Ampullae of Lorenzini!"
Professor Dave: Okay then! Now that you know how to fight off a shark, go have fun in paradise!

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Whoa, slow down. I know you want to get right to the fapping, but don't touch that dial!
Professor Dave: Today, I've got something very serious to discuss with you. Listen carefully, okay?
Professor Dave: Some time ago, there was a tragic incident in Germany. Some poor soul had his penis bitten by a snapping turtle...
Professor Dave: Now, you don't want to go through that kind of misery, do you? So before you get started, make sure there aren't any snapping turtles in the vicinity!
Professor Dave: Whoops! Just don't mistake your own penis for a turtle, now! Hehehe...

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Today, I'm going to propose a new approach to masturbation for your consideration!
Professor Dave: As I'm sure you already know, the ladybug is known to copulate for nine hours at a time!
Professor Dave: Pretty cool, right? Now, why don't you try some marathon masturbation sessions of your own, kids?
Professor Dave: What...? The scenes aren't long enough, you say...?
Professor Dave: Hahahaha! That's what the audio playback button is there for! Go on, give it a try!

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Sorry for the digression, but have you all read The Fruit of Grisaia by now?
Professor Dave: Perhaps you remember that charming antecdote about Kazami-kun's friend, who was caught fucking a pillow in the middle of the night?
Professor Dave: I'll tell you, that scene left a deep impression on me! To be honest, I tried it out myself that very night... and let me tell you, it was amazing!
Professor Dave: Why don't you give it a try too, kids!?

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Sorry for the digression, but are you fond of dolphins? I love them, personally!
Professor Dave: As you might already know, Dolphins rotate constantly in their sleep. In the Northern Hemisphere, they turn counter-clockwise; but in the Southern Hemisphere, they turn clockwise!
Professor Dave: I wanted to understand how the dolphins feel, so I tried spinning myself around in a chair when I was feeling sleepy. It was a blast, actually!
Professor Dave: Hyaahah! Oooyah! Yes! Yes! Woooah! Hee haaah!
Professor Dave: Whoops. Sorry. I think I got a little high off the memory there...
Professor Dave: It's a real trip when you're sleepy, but it's even better when you do it while you're jacking off!
Professor Dave: Let's try it out, kids!

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! It's not uncommon to see two characters in an ero-game having sex in the sea, right? That's good stuff! It's every man's dream!
Professor Dave: However, the ocean is full of dangers! First and foremost, I need to warn you about the Orange-Striped Jellyfish.
Professor Dave: Its sting doesn't hurt that much at first, but after an hour or so, you'll develop symptoms such as muscular pain and labored breathing!
Professor Dave: If you're having sex in the sea, make sure you take a caaaareful look around you first. Some dirty bastard might be trying to film you, too!
Professor Dave: Now that I've taught you this important lesson, I'm going to go hit on chicks at the beach myself! Wish me luck, kids!

Michiru: I just can't believe it's snowing... are you actually Santa Claus in disguise, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Don't be ridiculous. I'm just me.
Michiru: Hm, okay. Anyway... I guess miracles really do occur, huh?
Michiru: Still... can snow actually fall in the summer? What is this stuff, really?
Narration: *It seems Michiru's beginning to regard the brilliant display above us with a certain degree of skepticism.*
Narration: *That's understandable. Snow couldn't possibly fall in this heat. And of course, this "miracle" wasn't created by God or a magical snow globe. There's a more logical explanation.*
Yuuji: Are you that curious about this stuff?
Michiru: Yeah. Of course I'm curious.
Yuuji: All right then, allow me to explain. This right here...
Yuuji: Is chaff.
Michiru: ...Chaff? What's chaff?
Yuuji: Chaff is chaff. Just look up, all right?
Michiru: U-Up?
Michiru: Uwooooh!? Wait, is that a fighter plane!?
Yuuji: It's an old B-29 strategic bomber, actually. You've heard the name before, right?
Michiru: Well, yeah, but... wait... whaaaat!?
Yuuji: You don't get many chances to see a B-29 flying through Japanese airspace these days. Savor the sight while you can!
Michiru: Uh, huh? Wh-What's going on?
Yuuji: That thing is incredibly well-maintained, you know? That's the only reason it's still flightworthy after all these years.
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji... that old, uh... B-29 bomber... seems to be spitting out a whole lot of shiny stuff...
Yuuji: Ah, you've finally noticed? Allow me to explain. That bomber is currently dispersing a cloud of radar-deception countermeasures above Mishima Cape. In other words, it's deploying chaff.
Michiru: Uhm, I'm still not sure I get this "chaff" thing.
Yuuji: Not to worry, I'll explain! Chaff refers to a cloud of small objects spewed into the air in order to disrupt enemy radars.
Yuuji: Now, modern chaff is composed of incredibly tiny particles. When it's in a bottle, it actually looks like a liquid...
Yuuji: Bit of a funny story here, but one time, an old buddy of mine accidentally opened a bottle of the stuff indoors.
Yuuji: He closed it right away, but the chaff had already spread all across the room. Our noses were stinging for hours! Ha ha ha!
Michiru: Uhm, I really don't see what's so funny about that...
Yuuji: In any case, back in the WWII era they used chopped-up strips of aluminum foil instead.
Yuuji: For today's operation, we utilized a reproduction of that sort of chaff. It sparkles just like snow when the sun hits it, see? A truly beautiful sight.
Michiru: ...What? Whaaaat!?
Yuuji: And that... is chaff!
Michiru: Okay, I get the chaff thing, but... what? You asked that fighter plane to do this, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Strategic bomber. Oh, sorry. It's about time I let the pilot know our op was a success.
Yuuji: This is Mishima Cape Base, calling Alpha. This is Mishima Cape Base, calling Alpha. "Operation Midsummer Miracle" is a success. Mission complete. Mission complete.
Alpha: This is Alpha. This is Alpha. As of the present time, all chaff has been deployed. Objective achieved. Instructions from Base accepted.
Alpha: Now leaving Mishima Cape and returning to Nellis Base. Over.
Yuuji: You were right on target, and your timing was perfect. Thanks again. Over.
Alpha: Hey, don't sweat it! It ain't every day you ask me for a favor. Asako would give me an earful if I turned ya down! Over.
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Ah, awawa...
Yuuji: Not to worry. He personally pulled that bomber out of the sea near Kenya and repaired it. It's not military property.
Yuuji: I mean, think about it. There's no way he could fly it through Japanese airspace if it wasn't a civilian plane, right?
Michiru: I wasn't worried about that, actually!
Yuuji: Then what's got you so flustered? Colonel Texas won't cause us any trouble.
Michiru: That's not it either!
Yuuji: Bit of a digression here, but Colonel Texas was actually promoted to MG when he retired. He just prefers to go by his old rank, so everyone still...
Michiru: I don't care about any of that! I don't even know what an "MG" is! 
Yuuji: Come on, the Colonel's heading back to Saipan now. Let's wave goodbye.
Michiru: I'm not waving! So... what? That snow was just, uh, chaff? It was all your doing!?
Yuuji: Precisely. You really wanted your snow, so I was trying to think of a suitable alternative. And then it hit me... chaff!
Michiru: Shut up about the chaff already! That was nice of you, but... a fighter plane? Are you serious?
Yuuji: It's a strategic bomber. What's the problem? Did I upset you somehow?
Michiru: Not really, but this is way too weird. I don't even know how to feel about it!
Narration: *Once again, I hug Michiru tightly in my arms.*
Yuuji: Listen carefully, Michiru. It's all a matter of perspective...
Michiru: Enough with that! I can still hear that fighter plane in the distance! Try again later!!
Yuuji: It's a strategic...
Michiru: Right, right! Strategic bomber! Argh, what the heck!? This isn't anything like the date I was dreaming of! It's all wrong!
Narration: *The B-29 is out of sight by now, but the sky around us is still full of chaff. Quite a splendid sight, if I do say so myself.*
Michiru: I guess this is kind of your style, but seriously... *Mumble* *Grumble*
Yuuji: Michiru, my dear.
Michiru: What now?
Yuuji: Perhaps we should consider visiting the Texas Military Forces Museum for our honeymoon.
Michiru: ...Oh, forget you!!
Narration: *With this, our summer came to an aluminum-filled ending.*
Narration: *Before I take my leave, let me ask you one last time.*
Narration: *―Do you believe in miracles?*
Narration: *They really do exist, you know. But when they're the product of pure coincidence, they're not particularly meaningful.*
Narration: *When it comes to putting a smile on the face of the woman he loves, I think a man should make his own miracles.*
Narration: *It doesn't have to be flashy. Quietly nurturing your love for years on end certainly qualifies. In fact, that sort of "miracle" is worth far more in the long run.*
Narration: *Does Michiru see me as a fraud? A magician? Santa Claus? Or perhaps something else entirely?*
Narration: *It's hard to say for sure, but even as she gripes and grumbles, I can see the happiness on her face. And that's more than enough for me.*
Narration: *Not to repeat myself, but anyone can make a "miracle" if they play their cards right. Yes, even you yourself. All's well that ends well, as they say.*
Narration: *Now then... what can you do for the woman you love? I think it's your turn to create a miracle.*

Adam: Damn it... Useless idiot!
???: "...Yes...?"
Adam: I apologize, but the mission has failed. Ethan Glow hasn't received his package yet. Shall we send in the standby unit?
???: "Hmm... No, I think not. If we interfere now, they might very well identify us. Please withdraw at once."
Adam: ...What do we do about 9029...?
???: "...A defanged wolf can't do much except starve. Abandoning him would be acceptable, but I suppose he knows a bit too much to live..."
Adam: You want him disposed of, then?
???: "Don't be so hasty. There's no reason to kill him before we find a use for his corpse. Take him into custody and withdraw... You're authorized to use tranquilizers."
Adam: Understood...
???: "...It's a pity, a real pity... but I think it's finally time for him to step off the stage for good."
Professor Dave: "Look at that, kids! He smashed that rock-hard coconut apart like it was nothing!"
Professor Dave: "The biting force of an alligator snapping turtle is nearly 300 kgf! It's said to be the second strongest biter in the whole animal kingdom! Pretty amazing, right!?"
Makina: ...Whooooa... snappin' turtles are crazy... That thing's totally gonna bite him, ain't it? Three hunnerd kay-gee-eff sounds pretty friggin' dangerous...
Professor Dave: "Allllright then! Now that we've seen how amazing this snapping turtle is, it's time to let him bite us!"
Makina: Let's not an' say we did, Dave. I don't think yer gonna laugh this one off.
Professor Dave: "Oooooooowch! W-Wow, does that ever hurt! It feels like my hand's trapped in a machine! Jesus! It fucking hurts!"
Makina: ...Nwaah!! It bit him! It bit Dave!! Whatcha gonna do now, Dave!?
Professor Dave: "Hrrgh! This hurts! It hurts so bad! But remember, kids... You can't panic and try to yank your fingers out now!"
Professor Dave: "The harder you pull your hand back, the deeper his beak digs into your fingers! Might end up losing a few if you're not careful!"
Professor Dave: "There's a better solution to this! I'm sure you already know what I'm talking about, don't you, kids?"
Makina: ...Uhh... maybe push it in there instead...?
Professor Dave: "Yes, that's right! You actually want to push your fingers in there instead!"
Professor Dave: "Ever seen your daddy go 'bleeargh!' when he's brushing his teeth in the morning? That's exactly what we're going for here!"
Professor Dave: "First of all, we take a handy stick from the ground nearby and stick it into the turtle's mouth. That keeps him from biting down any further." 
Professor Dave: "And now, we just... twist our fingers around in there... and jam them down into his throat!! Look what happens next!!"
Turtle: "...Bleeeaah!!"
Professor Dave: "This is our chance! Pry open his mouth with that stick we wedged in there! See!? Take a look at that, kids! My fingers are free! Perfectamundo!"
Makina: Whoooa... Dave really is amazin', man! This is eggsactly why I can't stop comin' back for more!
Amane: Uh... look, Makina. I'm sure you understand, but I feel the need to say this anyway. Dave can do experiments like this because he's a pro. You seriously can't try something like that at home, okay?
Makina: Yeah, I know. Heck, I don't think anyone but Dave could pull this stuff off. That's what makes him so awesome!
Makina: Ya couldn't pay me enough to jam my fingers into a snappin' turtle's mouth. I got mad respect for the guy.
Sachi: You really do like your men strong and tough, don't you, Maki-chan?
Makina: Can't deny it! Dudes who don't go down easy are th' best!!
Makina: I want me a guy tough enough ta take a bullet or two and go on truckin'. Good ol' Dave's definitely got that goin' for him!
Amane: Well, I guess I can understand where you're coming from...
Michiru: Aah, that hot water felt gooood! I'm done in the bathroom! Who's up next?
Sachi: That would be Sakaki-san, I believe... Shall I go to her room and inform her?
Michiru: Oh, Yumiko, huh...? Is she still locked up in her room surfing the internet? Just let her be. You can go next, Sachi.
Amane: Really, though, we've got such a huge bathroom... Why do we have to take turns in the first place? Might as well just all go in together, right?
Michiru: What? C'mon, I don't want to take a bath with Makina. She swims around in the freakin' tub! It's impossible to relax with her around.
Sachi: Sakaki-san also dislikes bathing with others. And I prefer to go in last so that I can clean up afterward...
Michiru: Anyway, it's available 24 hours a day, right? We can take turns if we want to. On that note! Sachi, bring me something cold to drink! Nothing sour!
Sachi: Yes, right away. Please wait a moment.
Amane: Really, Michiru? Are you ever going to stop ordering Sacchan to do everything for you?
Michiru: It's fine! Doing little chores for other people takes her mind off things, you know?
Amane: Well, sure, but still...
Michiru: Anyway, what's going on? Why's everyone gathering here?
Makina: Nwho? Whaddaya mean? I'm here to watch Dave, personally.
Michiru: That's prerecorded, isn't it? You can watch it any time you want. Even from your room, if you use that link thing.
Makina: Mm, well, sure... but... ya know...
Michiru: Sorry, what's that supposed to mean?
Amane: ...We're waiting for Yuuji to get back...
Michiru: He's out on a job, isn't he? There's no telling when he's gonna get back. Might as well wait in your rooms.
Amane: Ahaha. I guess you don't get it...? I mean, there was all that drama earlier today... and honestly, I think it might feel a little awkward when I see him again...
Amane: If I just stay in my room right now, I might end up avoiding Yuuji altogether. So I'm planting myself here to say "welcome home" the instant he walks in the door. That should make it easier, I think...
Michiru: Hmmm... Well, I guess I understand what you mean...
Makina: I'm sure ya do, Chiruchiru. Noticed you took yer bath a little later than usual today...
Makina: You were probly worried Onii-chan might come home while you were in the bath, right? Mighta felt awkward if ya missed yer chance to say hello.
Michiru: C-Completely ridiculous! What are you even talking about!? That makes it sound like Yuuji's constantly on my mind or something! Don't be an idiot!
Sachi: ...What's the matter, Michiru-sama? Your face is beet red.
Michiru: It's nothing! I just got out of the bath! It's just your imagination!
Sachi: ...I'm sorry, which is it? In any case, I'm sure a nice cold drink will help... Here you are.
Michiru: You didn't "accidentally" bring me something sour this time, right!? I'm getting really sick of your stupid practical jokes!
Sachi: Not to worry. You have my word that this drink is sweet. Go on, take a nice big swig...
Michiru: You better be telling the truth... *Gulp*...
Michiru: Hm? Mmmm?
Sachi: It is sweet, isn't it?
Michiru: Yeah! Very sweet!! Like, way too sweet!! Bweh! What is this stuff!? It's so sweet my jaw hurts!!
Sachi: Ah, yes. It's undiluted gum syrup.
Michiru: Bwaaah!! What the heck!? Owww! Yowwwch! The back of my jaw huuuuurts!!
Sachi: Incidentally, those "ice cubes" you see floating in it are actually chunks of crystal rock candy. They're fully saturated with sugar, so they aren't melting at all. Isn't that neat?
Michiru: Not at all!!
Amane: Somehow, I'm a little relieved by how predictably that turned out...
Makina: Chiruchiru really is the grease in Mihama's gears, ain't she?
Michiru: For some reason, I don't feel too happy about that!!
Makina: Nwhoa!? What's that sound...?
Sachi: A poltergeist, perhaps...?
Amane: Whaaat? I don't think we have one of those in this dorm. Isn't it just Sakaki-san?
Michiru: Oh, c'mon. As if Yumiko would ever run that hard! I've never seen that girl move faster than a jog.
Makina: ...Uh, it's comin' this way. This is kinda scary...
Yumiko: ...Haa! Haa! Haa! Haa!
Amane: See, it really was Sakaki-san. What's wrong? You're out of breath.
Yumiko: Th-The television! The television! Weren't you watching!?
Makina: Huh? Yeah, I was watchin' Dave for a while... What about the teevee?
Yumiko: Just watch it!!
Amane: Huh? What channel?
Yumiko: It doesn't matter! They're all the same!!
Michiru: What's going on?
Sachi: Maki-chan, would you switch over to the live programming?
Makina: Yeah, sure. Here we go...
TV: "At present, we are interrupting our scheduled programming to bring you this special news bulletin..."
Amane: Huh? What? Did something happen...?
Yumiko: Shh! Quiet! Just watch!!
TV: "...To repeat: at 9:45 PM today, the Consulate General of the Republic of Kazakhstan was assaulted by a group of armed attackers. Multiple casualties have been reported among the staff and security personnel..."
TV: "A Voice of the News crew is currently at the scene..."
Michiru: ...Wow, this is pretty crazy... but, uh, what's it got to do with us...?
Yumiko: Just be quiet!
Michiru: ...What the heck...? Can't you at least explain...?
TV: "...It seems we've established a connection. Let's ask Sakai-san, our reporter in the field, for a detailed update... Sakai-san?"
Sakai: "...Hello. This is Sakai, reporting from the scene of the incident."
TV: "What's the situation like over there?"
Sakai: "The area around the consulate remains in a state of chaos... The smell of gunpowder is still hanging in the air, as a testament to the fierce gunfight that took place here."
TV: "Do you have any new information to share with us?"
Sakai: "There haven't been any major changes in what they're telling us, but they have announced the names of some suspected members of the terrorist group..."
Sakai: "The leader of the organization that attacked the consulate is apparently a man by the name of Heath Oslo..."
Sakai: "And there's a high possibility that a Japanese man named Kazami Yuuji was among those who took part in the assault itself!"
TV: "Thank you very much! Please let us know if any new information comes to light. That was a live update from Sakai-san, our reporter in the field."
TV: In addition, we have the military commentator Ishizaka Naozumi and the economic analyst Hirosaki Motonobu with us in the studio. They'll be providing us with an in-depth analysis of the situation. Hello, gentlemen..."
Amane: ......
Michiru: ......
Makina: ......
Sachi: ......
Yumiko: ...Do you all understand how serious the situation is now?
Amane: ...Huh? Wait a second. What does this mean...?
Michiru: Didn't they just say... "Kazami Yuuji" on the TV...?
Makina: No way... Did Onii-chan finally snap...?
Sachi: Come now, surely this is some kind of joke. I'm not quite so gullible as all that, I'm afraid.
Yumiko: ...Believe me, I wanted this to be some kind of joke too...
Yumiko: I've been looking into the situation... and I'm afraid there's no doubt about it. Kazami-kun's name was on the list of this group's members...
Amane: ...What?
Michiru: ...Seriously?
Makina: ...But... it's Onii-chan we're talkin' about here. I mean... Huh? Really?
Sachi: ...You can't mean to say... that Kazami-san is really a terrorist...?
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*... It's a bit irritating shocking you one by one. Let's try and do this all at once, shall we...? Ready, set, go!
Everyone: Whaaaaaaaaaaaaat!?!

Principal: Kazami-kun, would you show me your hand-pressing technique?
Yuuji: All right then. Here goes!
Principal: Kya! Excuse me! Why did you suddenly touch my breasts!?
Yuuji: Well, you told me to press my hand against something. They seemed like the closest available target.
Principal: Who ever heard of "hand-pressing" a breast? I was talking about sushi, obviously!
Yuuji: Was it really that obvious?
Principal: Allow me to explain the situation!
Narration: *It occurred to me recently that running a school isn't going to earn me any real money.*
Narration: *Of course, money isn't everything, but it certainly doesn't hurt to have more rather than less.*
Narration: *Accordingly, I thought up a plan to establish a chain of sushi restaurants overseas.*
Narration: *There are apparently many sushi places in America under non-Japanese ownership, but to be honest, none of them are particularly good.*
Narration: *In that case, an authentic Japanese brand might do very nicely. As long as the food's delicious enough, I think we'll attract lots of customers, from Japanese locals to Hollywood celebrities.*
Narration: *So anyway, I've decided to establish my own sushi restaurant, then cash in big time by expanding overseas. As the first step of this project... I need to become a sushi chef.*
Yuuji: Okay, thanks for announcing this exceptionally vague plan out of nowhere. What do you want from me, exactly?
Principal: Just go with it. Now then, Kazami-kun, can you make sushi?
Yuuji: I'll make some if I'm ordered to do so, but an amateur shouldn't be doing the job of a professional.
Principal: Hm. You think?
Yuuji: Yeah. This is a traditional craft we're talking about here, you know? It's not something you can pick up in an afternoon.
Principal: ...Sushi Crazy.
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Principal: Sushi Crazy! That's my brand name.
Yuuji: Ah, you're talking about your overseas expansion? I wasn't even sure what you meant for a moment there...
Principal: Sushi Professor!
Yuuji: Sure, that's a decent second option. Mind if we continue the conversation now?
Principal: Okay!
Yuuji: Before anything else, you need to know how to clean seafood. Think you're capable of that?
Principal: I'm actually quite handy in the kitchen, you know. You really shouldn't be so condescending to your own teacher!
Yuuji: In that case, let's begin immediately.
Yuuji: All right, I've procured us a squid. Have at it. Just make sure it doesn't bite you.
Principal: Wait, these things bite!?
Yuuji: You'll be fine as long as you're careful. Don't go jamming your finger into its beak-hole or anything.
Principal: That sounds vaguely obscene...
Yuuji: First, let's separate the viscera.
Principal: Uhm, viscera?
Yuuji: Its internal organs. Just pull the tentacles and they'll slip right out.
Principal: Ah... right. The organs.
Yuuji: What's the matter, Sushi Crazy? Chop chop.
Principal: F-Fine, I'll do it...
Yuuji: ...Something wrong?
Principal: Uhm... I was just remembering the pet squid I had as a child...
Yuuji: Nothing's ever easy with you, is it?
Principal: O-Oh, hush. Why don't you do this part for me, Kazami-kun? This is an order from your principal! I'm the boss here!
Yuuji: All right. First, you grab it here...
Yuuji: Then you pull it out. Like this.
Yuuji: Easy, right? Do it yourself next time.
Principal: O-Of course.
Yuuji: With that out of the way, you need to remove its beak and eyeballs.
Principal: Its beak... and eyeballs...?
Yuuji: Please tell me you didn't have a pet eyeball as a child.
Principal: Don't be ridiculous. So this is the beak you were talking about earlier...?
Yuuji: That's right. You can fry them and serve them as snacks. The innards aren't bad when salted, either... Goes great with a drink or two.
Principal: The beak and eyeballs, huh...? Uhm, why don't you do this part as well, Kazami-kun?
Yuuji: Good grief.
Principal: Phew. Looks like we've made pretty good progress.
Yuuji: Next, take your knife and scrape the suction cups off the tentacles.
Principal: Eeek! A-Are you serious!? I can't even bear to imagine it! Kazami-kun, I don't think I'm cut out to become a Sushi Professor!
Yuuji: Hrm.
Principal: Kazami-kun, would you show me your squeezing technique?
Yuuji: All right then. Here goes!
Principal: Kya! Excuse me, but why did you suddenly touch my breasts!?
Yuuji: You wanted me to squeeze them, right? I was pretty sure I wasn't misunderstanding this time...
Principal: A principal would never ask a student to do such a thing! I was talking about squeezing cash out of people through personal loans, obviously!
Yuuji: Was it really that obvious?
Principal: Allow me to explain!
Narration: *It occurred to me recently that running a school isn't going to earn me any real money.*
Narration: *Of course, money isn't everything, but it certainly doesn't hurt to have more rather than less.*
Narration: *Accordingly, I thought up a plan to establish a personal-loans business through an initial investment from Sakaki-san.*
Narration: *Given the current economic situation, everyone's running into money problems. And that means it's a great time to turn a profit loaning out cash, right?*
Narration: *Anyway, I've decided to establish my own high-interest loans business and rake in the dough.*
Principal: The name of my company shall be... Crazy Loans! Your thoughts, Kazami-kun!?
Principal: Ah, he's gone!
Principal: ...
Michiru: Hm hm hmm...♪
Principal: Ah, Matsushima-san. In need of some cash?
Michiru: Huh?

General Spareribs: Ah, hello? Yeah, that's right.
General Spareribs: C'mon, I'm really busy with work, you know? I'll definitely be there tomorrow! Right, I'll bring th' cake and everything. Yeah, 'course I didn't forget. Okay then, see ya soon!
General Spareribs: Phew... What is she, a saleswoman in a slump...? Good lord...
General Spareribs: Ah. Hey there, Tuna-san!
Tunafish Man: Uh, yeah. Morning.
General Spareribs: Man, it's a scorcher, huh? They're sayin' this might be the hottest day all year. Hope they finish up this dumb location shoot real quick... I could go fer a nice cold beer right about now, ya hear?
Tunafish Man: Haha. Yeah, fer sure.
General Spareribs: Haaa... Man, so hot... So hooot...
Tunafish Man: Seems like you're a busy man these days, huh?
General Spareribs: Huh? Who, me? Nah, that ain't true.
Tunafish Man: Well, yer starrin' in that movie, aren't you? You know, uh...
General Spareribs: "Young Spareribs".
Tunafish Man: Right, Young Spareribs! I didn't even know about it. When did ya shoot that? Were ya keeping me in the dark on purpose?
General Spareribs: Naw, 'course not. That whole thing was all Koshiba-san, really. Got rushed along 'cause of you-know-what.
Tunafish Man: Don't think I quite follow ya, honestly.
General Spareribs: Uhm, Misaki-chan said she wanted a role, so Koshiba-san sorta forced th' project through. Seein' as they're... well, y'know.
Tunafish Man: Huh? Wait, Misaki-chan's with Koshiba-san now?
General Spareribs: Yep, yep. So it didn't have nothin' to do with me, really.
Tunafish Man: Huh... Misaki-chan and Koshiba-san...? No kiddin'...
General Spareribs: Huh? Wait... you got a thing for Misaki-chan, man?
Tunafish Man: Wha―!? Come on, don't be stupid! I could practically be her father! Seriously... that's just crazy talk! Yer a real kidder, Spareribs-kun!
General Spareribs: Ah, yeah. Right, of course!
Tunafish Man: I mean, think about it! Can ya really picture me, like, strollin' down the street with Misaki-chan!? What a laugh!
General Spareribs: Yeah! That's a laugh, all right!
Tunafish Man: Huh? Really? Would it be that weird...?
General Spareribs: Huh?
Tunafish Man: Seriously, Spareribs-kun? Would it really be that funny if Misaki-chan an' me were together!? Really!?!
General Spareribs: Uhm, well... nah. Suppose it wouldn't be, really.
Tunafish Man: ...*Grumble*...
General Spareribs: *Sigh*...
Tunafish Man: ...That's a nice watch you got there.
General Spareribs: Heh? Ah, ya think? It's nothin' special, really.
Tunafish Man: But that's a pricey one, ain't it?
General Spareribs: Nah, it ain't that expensive. And it was a gift, anyway.
Tunafish Man: It's still pricey though, right? Lemme see. How much was it?
General Spareribs: *Sigh*... Just don't break it, all right?
Tunafish Man: Aw, I wouldn't do that. How much was it, though? Mind if I try it on? Ooh, this thing's great! What's it worth, though?
General Spareribs: Eight mil.
Tunafish Man: What!? Y-Ya don't say... H-Here, take it back.
General Spareribs: Huh? What's wrong, Tuna-san? You're tremblin' a little.
Tunafish Man: Nah, I'm fine. Th-That's cheaper than I thought. Eight mil, huh...? Eight mil...
General Spareribs: Well, sure. But you got somethin' real nice yourself, right? Ya lucky dog!
Tunafish Man: What are ya talkin' about?
General Spareribs: Your present from Koshiba-san!
Tunafish Man: Oh, for my birthday! Yeah, of course. He gave me a real fancy set of bath salts.
General Spareribs: Bath salts?
Tunafish Man: Yep, that's right. The stuff from Beppu was really great, man. Nice milky-white color, ya know? That was one soothin' soak...Huh? Wait, did he give you that watch fer your birthday...? I got bath powder, and you got a watch? 
General Spareribs: Nah, I bought this myself.
Tunafish Man: Are you serious, Spareribs-kun!? Ya got that as a present, right!? From Koshiba-san, right!?
General Spareribs: No, man! I bought it myself! So just... back off a little, okay? You smell! Ugh!
Tunafish Man: Oh, sorry 'bout that. Okay. He didn't give that to you, huh? Well, okay. Never mind then. Kinda startled me there. Haha.
General Spareribs: ...*Sigh*
Tunafish Man: ...
General Spareribs: ...
General Spareribs: Oh! That reminds me! It's comin' up soon, huh? Can't wait!
Tunafish Man: Huh? What is?
General Spareribs: Aw, cut it out, man! Did ya forget already? That's no good!
Tunafish Man: Wait, what? What're you talkin' about? C'mon, tell me!
General Spareribs: The barbecue, man! Koshiba-san's housewarmin' party!
Tunafish Man: Uh, don't think I was invited.
General Spareribs: Ah...
Tunafish Man: ...
General Spareribs: ...
General Spareribs: Oh! Come ta think of it, I heard they're doin' another season of Tunafish Man, right?
Tunafish Man: Yeah. With a different protagonist.
General Spareribs: Ah...
Tunafish Man: It's gonna star Tunafish Man's son or somethin'. Got some young actor... They're hopin' it'll be more popular with the housewives.
General Spareribs: ...Ya don't say.
Tunafish Man: They told me I'd be playin' his "Pops" or somethin', whatever th' heck that means. I mean, seriously? That's just a bit part, right?
General Spareribs: Aw, that's a fine role, man...
Tunafish Man: Then why don't you take it off my hands, huh?
General Spareribs: Nah, I'm good.
Tunafish Man: ...
General Spareribs: ...
Tunafish Man: Oh, an airplane.
General Spareribs: No kiddin'. That's a B29, ain't it?
Tunafish Man: Aw, c'mon. In this day an' age?
General Spareribs: Sure looks like one t'me...
Voice: Excuse meeee. Tuna-san, Spareribs-san! We're starting the rehearsal!
Tunafish Man: ...Let's get goin', then.
General Spareribs: Right.
Tunafish Man: Look, though... Didn't ya say somethin' about finishin' up this "dumb shoot" real quick? This is our job, right? What's so "dumb" about it?
General Spareribs: Huh? Did I say that?
Tunafish Man: I think ya did.
General Spareribs: Nah, that ain't my style. You musta been hearin' things.
Tunafish Man: .........
Tunafish Man: Sure. Just my imagination...

Makina: Kaaah, superheroes are so friggin' awesome! Tunafish Man is justice incarnate, ya know!?
Makina: Gotta say, though... why does he always hafta fight alone? Seems kinda inefficient. >If he formed, like, a Tunafish Squad, I think they could take out General Spareribs with sheer firepower...
Makina: Oh wait. Maybe they ain't a sociable fish? Like, the type that's just gonna end up hittin' each other with friendly fire? Bet it's pretty hard to focus if yer worried about gettin' shot in the back by some fishy creep...
Makina: Still, groupin' up is way better than playin' solo. Maybe a team of five, like the P*wer Rangers... Wait. Five...?
Makina: Our school's got five girls in it, right? That ain't enough for a squad, but it's perfect for a Ranger team!
Makina: With that settled, I've decided to invite Sacchin first.
Sachi: M-Maki-chan, w-what kind of shark can I be? Ooh, how about Crab Shark?
Makina: Which is it? That's just confusin'. Besides, I kinda wanna go with colors fer now.
Sachi: Oh, really? I was thinking we'd all be animals, like "Shark" or "Hawk" or "Crab." That's fine, though. 
Makina: As for yer position in the Mihama Rangers, Sacchin...
Sachi: The Mihama Rangers... That sounds rather impressive.
Makina: Hmmm. Guess Pink works, considering yer hair color an' all.
Makina: Ranger Mihama Pink! Go on, give it a try.
Sachi: Ranger Mihama Pink! I must say, it doesn't sound all that sharkish. Can we try something a bit sharkier?
Makina: What do ya have in mind?
Sachi: The Shark Rangers...!
Makina: Err, that's just makin' the whole thing shark-themed.
Sachi: Sharkie, of the Shark Rangers!
Makina: ...
Makina: Okay, that's it!
Makina: Sacchin's totally hopeless. Girl can't keep her cool once th' word "shark" enters a conv'rsation.
Makina: Sharkie of the Shark Rangers, seriously? What happened to th' color thing? Coulda been a little more considerate... I got feelings too, ya know.
Makina: Ooh, now here's an ideal candidate! Heya, Chiruchiru!
Michiru: Hm, what's up? Are you giving me money?
Makina: Why th' heck would I be givin' you money?
Michiru: Oh, sorry... Yumiko's just been giving me a little pocket money lately, so I kind of got used to it.
Michiru: At first I did try to refuse, but these days I'm actually asking her for little loans every once in a while. Teehee.
Makina: What th' heck is that woman throwin' her cash around for...?
Michiru: So, what was it you wanted?
Makina: Okay, so here's the deal... We're gonna form a Mihama Academy Ranger team.
Michiru: Ooh, that sounds really fun. I've loved Ranger teams ever since I was a kid, you know? So anyway, what's a Ranger team?
Makina: Yer one massive pain in th' butt, ya know that? Long story short, it's a team of five heroes.
Michiru: What!? You want me to be a hero!? Don't tease me! I'm just a normal girl...
Makina: Aw, you're definitely not just a normal girl, Chiruchiru. Yer batshit crazy, for one thing. Lessee, you can be... Mihama Yellow!
Michiru: Yellow? 'Cause I'm blonde? Shouldn't it be Mihama Gold, then? 
Makina: Nope, ya gotta have that "gorgeous" feel to be Gold. Honestly, even Yellow's probably too good for ya.
Michiru: Y-You didn't have to put it that way... What would be right for me, then?
Makina: Mihama... P.
Michiru: P...? What does that stand for...?
Makina: "Pee," obviously. It's a perfect match for ya color-wise! And smell-wise.
Michiru: Huh? Really? Ooh, P, I get it! Right, of course! I was just thinking "P" fits me perfectly!
Makina: Very well then, give it a try. Ranger Mihama Pee!
Michiru: Mihama P!! ...Yep, that sounds great!
Makina: See ya, Pee.
Michiru: Okay! P you later!
Makina: Hmm... now that I think about it, maybe Chiruchiru shoulda been the mega-robot we ride into battles. The kind with windows fer eyes...
Amane: There you are, Makina. I've been looking for you.
Makina: Ah! Ama-nee, yer the sexy one, so you gotta be Pink! Wait, the shark-lady already got that spot...
Amane: Uh, pardon me? What are you up to this time?
Makina: I'm currently tryin' ta form a team of heroes, as it happens.
Amane: Heroes? Like the Masked Rider?
Makina: Nah, not that kind. Dang, this is hella tough. Pink's all I'm comin' up with...
Amane: You keep saying "Pink." What's that got to do with anything?
Makina: Okay, got it! Ama-nee, yer Ranger Mihama Sexy! It's not really a color, but we'll think up somethin' later. Yer Sexy for now!
Amane: ...Can't you find a better way to phrase that? "Sexy for now" is a little...
Makina: Yeah, sure, we'll discuss this again later. Think it over yerself in the meantime!
Amane: Wait, think what over?! What am I supposed to do!?
Makina: Just ask Pee if ya need anything cleared up!
Amane: Who's "P"? Wait, you have a producer working on this?!
Makina: And finally...
Makina: Yumi-chin, yer Ranger Mihama Black!
Yumiko: Where did you come from, and why exactly are you calling me "Black"?
Makina: Well, yer family is basically evil, right? What with that shady company an' all...
Yumiko: Th-That's quite a thing to say!
Makina: Anyhoo, black fits with that, right? I mean, yer pretty black-hearted yourself... and yer pussy's black too.
Yumiko: That's not true!
Makina: Oh, really now? Okay then, why don'tcha tell me exactly what ain't black? Real specific-like.
Yumiko: What? W-Well, I... Look, it's not black, all right!?
Makina: What isn't? Ya gotta say it, or it's goin' down as "black" in my books.
Yumiko: W-Well... my... p-pu... 
Yumiko: ...Y-You can't expect me to say that!
Makina: Okay, black it is! See ya later, Mihama Pigmentation!
Yumiko: Excuse me!? That name's even worse than before!!
Makina: Phew. At long last, all five of the Mihama Rangers have joined th' team!
Makina: Time ta take a moment an' review where things stand.
Makina: Leave the sharky stuff to her! Sharkie, the Shark Ranger!
Makina: That golden twinklin' is the sign of a true tsundere! Her name means piss... Ranger Mihama Pee!
Makina: Her sexiness is off th' friggin' charts. In fact, some people think she might just be a slut... Ranger Mihama Sexy!
Makina: Faithful believer in the almightiness of money. Miss Secret-Perv herself... Ranger Mihama Pigmentation!
Makina: And last but not least, Irisu Makina...
Makina: Uh, on second thought, I don't really wanna team up with these people.
Makina: ...Man, reality's got a way of crushin' all yer fantasies...
Makina: ...Let's just forget this crap and go watch some Dave.

Makina: "Pounding rice cakes with your butt"...
Makina: Who the heck decided that was a good metaphor for fallin' on your backside? Nobody's ever actually made rice cakes that way, right? Or were the ancient Japanese just total weirdos...?
Makina: Wait... maybe mashin' steamed rice with your butt imparts it with some unique flavor!?
Makina: In order to test this very theory, I've got me a mortar! Now we just dump the steamed rice in here and pound th' heck out of it!
Makina: Gotta say, though, I didn't know it'd be such a pain in th' neck to get this all set up. Soakin' the rice an' steamin' it takes friggin' forever... Might as well justa eaten some bread instead, man!
Makina: Good thing I asked Sacchin to do all the actual work while I chillaxed.
Makina: Anyhoo, here's our pipin' hot rice, fresh from the steamer! Let's dump it aaaall in that mortar!
Makina: Usually we'd be mashin' it with wooden mallets at this point. But today, we're gonna try usin' a human behind instead! And of course, I'm gonna delegate this role to a certain someone!
Michiru: Hey, is it true? Are there really flowers full of sweet, tasty nectar blooming out here?
Makina: Hehehe. Speak of th' devil. Looks like my miss-inferm-ashun campaign worked perfectly!
Makina: Ahem. Chiruchiru, ya see that mortar there with all the steam risin' out of it?
Michiru: Yeah, sure!
Makina: Welp, they're in that vicinity.
Michiru: Ooh! The nectar's in this vicinity!? In other words, it's a nectarinity!
Michiru: Where oh where are you, my pretties...? *Wander* *Wander*
Makina: Hiya!
Michiru: Uowwwah!
Michiru: Wh-What the heck!? Why did you push me!? I nearly burned my butt on that stuff!
Makina: Hmm, guess one poundin' ain't gonna make any rice cakes...
Michiru: Hey, Makina! Are you listening to me!?
Makina: Chiruchiru, ya gotta keep yer voice down or all the nectar's gonna hide! Remember where we are right now!?
Michiru: Ooh, right! The nectarinity!
Makina: Hiyah.
Michiru: Doryaaagh!!
Michiru: Eeek! Eeek! My butt's on fire! Someone help meeee!
Makina: Hmm, lookit that. Just like the naughty tanuki from that one story...
Makina: Hey, Chiruchiru? I need yer help, Quiz Queen of Mihama!
Michiru: Huh? R-Right. I definitely am the Quiz Queen. I'll answer anything you throw at me!
Makina: Okay, here's yer problem. We've all heard the expression "happily pounding rice cakes with your butt," of course. I'd like you to physically demonstrate its meaning, please!
Michiru: Huh!? I d-don't really know that one... but I guess I just have to pound rice cakes with my butt... happily?
Makina: Okay! Ten, nine...
Michiru: W-Wait a second! Fortunately, there happens to be a mortar right here... so I'll show you my answer! Hiyah!
Michiru: Eeeek, that's hot! There, Makina. Did I get it right?
Makina: Hmmmm...
Michiru: Oh, of course, the smile. I didn't look happy enough, right!? Eheh, ahaha... Yah!
Michiru: Gwoooh, it buuurns!! H-How's that?
Makina: Hmmmm.
Michiru: Kuh. That still wasn't good enough!? Ehehehe, hehehe, hyahya! Yaaagh!
Michiru: Nghoooh! How do you like that!?
Makina: Hmmmm.
Michiru: Guuuh. Okay, how about this? Bwahashasha! Hiyah!
Michiru: Nooooooooo!
Narration: *...Twenty minutes later...*
Michiru: Haa, haa... Makina, I... can't keep this up any longer...
Makina: All right, lessee. Do we have us some rice cakes...?
Michiru: Haa, haa...
Makina: And now a bit of soy sauce... *Munch* *Chew* *Chew*... Hmm...
Makina: They taste totally normal!! Nothin' out of the ordinary, Chiruchiru!
Michiru: Huh? Oh, okay. That's good, I guess...
Makina: By th' way, "happily pounding rice cakes with your butt" just means "screwing up because you got carried away," so ya got the question wrong. Yer title as Quiz Queen's been revoked, got it?
Michiru: O-Okay...
Makina: Right then. Make sure ta put away the mortar and all that other junk! Later!
Michiru: ...What on earth was that all about...?

Makina: Ama-nee, Ama-nee! Couldja find it in yer heart ta lend me a little scratch?
Amane: You want money? For what? If you're going to buy sweets, the answer's no.
Makina: Ya got me all wrong. I wanna buy a magazine... "Global Frontlines Weekly"!
Amane: Global frontlines...?
Makina: Every week, they analyze the frontlines of various histor-ickle wars from every possible angle! Normal price 980 yen, but th' special first issue featurin' th' Battle of Carentan's only 430! What a steal!
Amane: Whaaat? You'd actually want to read that?
Makina: You betcha! Uh, wouldn't you?
Amane: Nope. Not at all.
Makina: Well, I think you'll change yer mind when I tell ya this... They're throwin' in parts of a WWII frontline diorama kit with every issue! And it's life-size, too!
Amane: Life-size!? That can't possibly be right!
Makina: Yeah, I think that's some false advertisin' on their part. But ya can tell they're hella passionate about this, right? As long as you buy all the issues, you'll end up reproducin' WWII completely. That's one heckuva feature...
Makina: And the last issue's gonna come with an adorable mini-torpedo, too! Should come in handy if Japan ever gets itself into any scrapes.
Amane: Uh, look, don't go using torpedoes on anyone, okay? I really don't think we should be going down that path again...
Sachi: *Sigh*... Whatever shall I do...?
Makina: Hm? What's th' matter, Sacchin?
Sachi: Well, I'm trying to decide whether I should purchase a magazine series that's starting soon...
Makina: Ooh. The frontlines one?
Sachi: Frontlines...? No, I'm talking about "Whale Shark Weekly".
Amane: Gah! Talk about a niche topic! Shouldn't that just be "Shark Weekly"?
Sachi: I've already collected all of Shark Weekly. They're now publishing even more specific magazines for the fans who weren't satisfied with a general publication. For the first series, they're devoting 50 issues to the whale shark.
Amane: Do they seriously have 50 issues of material?
Sachi: But of course! The first issue is a special on the regions of sea inhabited by the whale shark. You know... the water's quality and depth, that sort of thing. The whale sharks themselves won't be featured yet.
Amane: Wait, seriously?
Sachi: The first ten issues will thoroughly cover the whale shark's environment, building up to their eventual appearance in issue 11. Ah, yes, it's quite a tease... but that's exactly the appeal... slurp...
Sachi: Apparently, the first issue is coming with a set of whale-shark themed house wear.
Makina: Who th' heck wants that?
Sachi: Well, I do! What else is there to wear on those hot summer days?
Makina: This comin' from a girl who's in a maid uniform year-round...
Yumiko: Ah, what to do...? Should I just leave things as they are...?
Sachi: Is this about the whale sharks? I'd advise you to go for it.
Yumiko: What? No, that's not it. I'm trying to make up my mind about purchasing a new magazine...
Yumiko: "Friends Weekly", to be specific.
Sachi: Wh-What kind of a magazine is that, exactly?
Yumiko: Well, it comes with a new friend every week.
Sachi: It comes with a friend? As in a human being?
Yumiko: That's right. They're mostly from poor Asian countries, where for various reasons...
Amane: Gaaaah! I really think you shouldn't buy that one!
Sachi: Incidentally, where's the publisher based...?
Yumiko: Uhhm, the broker...? I think they're...
Sachi: Uh, you just used the word "broker"...
Amane: Sakaki-san, I'm not going to judge you or anything... but please don't get mixed up in human trafficking, okay?
Yumiko: O-Okay. If you're that alarmed by it, I guess I'll cancel my preorder.
Sachi: She already had a preorder placed...?
Amane: I don't even know what to say about that magazine Sakaki-san wants... if you can even call it a magazine... by comparison, the one Makina was after actually seems pretty innocent...
Amane: All right, Makina. You can buy it if you want.
Makina: Really!? Woo hoo, I'm so happy! Yaaay! I'm gonna go preorder it right away!
Sachi: Maki-chan certainly seems pleased... She ran off so quickly that her shoes flew right off her feet.
Amane: Yeah. If it makes her that happy, I guess it's okay... right?
Makina: *Sigh*...
Sachi: My. What's wrong, Maki-chan? You look rather depressed.
Makina: Welp, it looks like that "Global Frontlines Weekly" magazine ain't gonna be published after all.
Amane: Huh? Wait, why not?
Makina: Sounds like they really were makin' a life-sized diorama, but they realized halfway through that it was too friggin' big for anyone to display.
Amane: Well, obviously... That's too bad, Makina.
Sachi: ...Cheer up, okay? I'll let you have my prized whale-shark shorts.
Makina: Don't worry, though! They're puttin' out a new magazine! "Bolt-Action Rifle Trigger Weekly"!
Makina: Every week, they're gonna shine the spotlight on the trigger mechanisms of various bolt-action rifles, thoroughly analyzin' their durability and construction!
Amane: ...I don't think anyone on the planet's going to buy that.
Makina: Okay, time ta run off an' preorder!
Yuuji: It's awfully noisy in here...
Sachi: Ah, Kazami-san. Were you out buying something?
Yuuji: Yeah. Picked up the first issue of a new magazine series.
Amane: Oh no. Don't tell me... Uh, what's it called?
Yuuji: "Bolt-Action Rifle Trigger Guard Weekly". Every week, they shine a spotlight on the various trigger guards used in...
Amane: No moooore!!!

Professor Dave: Hey there, kids! Have you all been helping out your family, like good boys and girls? 
Makina: You betcha, Dave!
Professor Dave: As I mentioned last week, today's Amazing Animals will feature "adorable creatures with a surprisingly fierce side"!
Professor Dave: Even the loveliest roses have thorns... and the gentlest Sheilas usually go crazy in bed! Today, we're going to learn all about animals just like that!
Makina: Whoa, a dirty joke!? Dave's playin' things a little different this time.
Professor Dave: Hachooo! Hahah! How did you like that karate move? Not bad, right?
Professor Dave: Why am I practicing karate, you ask? Because I'm currently in China! I've come all the way to this distant land to see their famous giant pandas. Hachoooo!
Makina: Welp, that's an American for ya... Way ta jumble up a bunch of "Asian stuff"...
Professor Dave: In the popular imagination, giant pandas are cuddly black and white animals that eat nothing but bamboo leaves... But in reality, they're not nearly so gentle.
Professor Dave: They eat meat when they can, and they've attacked human beings on many occasions!
Professor Dave: I handily defeated the panda in the San Diego Zoo, but will it be so easy on their home turf? Let's make a "careless" approach and provoke an attack!
Makina: Whoa! He jumped right into th' panda's cage!
Professor Dave: Anyone would feel threatened when some stranger invades their territory. It wouldn't be surprising for them to turn violent under the circumstances, right? Now then, the panda in front of me is... Gwoooh!
Makina: Ah! It grabbed him by th' collar!!
Professor Dave: Listen up, kids! The bones in this panda's hands have evolved specially to grip bamboo shoots! We learned about their sixth and seventh "fingers" back in San Diego, right?
Professor Dave: Well, this panda's double pincer is ripping right through my clothes! Ooh! He's tearing into my beloved Mao suit the same way he'd grab a bamboo shoot... Yowwwch!
Makina: Wah! The panda smacked his face! It looked kinda cute, but that musta been one helluva punch!
Professor Dave: Ooooh, that's great! The pain's about eight times worse than I expected! That's right, kids... I'm in agony!
Makina: Oh man, Dave's face is gettin' bluer by th' second!
Makina: Aaah! Dave! We were just gettin' to th' good part!
Amane: Seriously, Makina. How many times are you going to watch the same show?
Makina: This is one of my favorite episodes, ya know? Dave had ta take six months ta recover after this one!
Amane: Whatever. No more Dave today, got it? I'm starting to get sick of hearing you rewatch it over and over again.
Makina: Whaaaat!? No fair! No faaaair!
Amane: Look, go play outside for a change, all right?
Makina: ...
Makina: It's time fer Irisu Makina's Amazin' Enimos!
Makina: Hey there, kids! How's it hangin'? I'm Eyriss Makinastar, but you can call me Professor Makina! Well then, what kinda creatures do we have in store fer ya today?
Makina: Lessee, what kinda animal would...
Michiru: *Lick* *Lick* Seasoned seaweed's so tasty!
Makina: Ah! Okay, everybody! Today, we're featurin' the rare beast known as the "Tsundere"!
Michiru: Hweh? What are you talking about?
Makina: Th' Tsundere is a fearsome creature, but it's got a weakness ta H20! Fer example... if ya hold its head underwater long enough, it croaks!
Michiru: Who the heck are you calling a "creature"? Also, anyone's going to die if you hold their head underwater.
Makina: However, it's resistant ta fire!
Michiru: No, I'm not!
Makina: Whaaat? Seriously? What a letdown. I don't know where you get off callin' yerself a rare beast.
Michiru: Ugh... F-Fine, it's true. Fire can't touch me!
Makina: Guess that's why you'll never be "hot," huh?
Michiru: What!? Did you just twist that around to insult me...?
Makina: Anyhoo, let's try usin' a match ta set this freakishly in-com-bust-abull creature on fire! Ready, set...
Makina: Go!
Michiru: Yow, it burns!! Wh-What the heck are you doing!?
Makina: Hmmm, this ain't workin' like it does on teevee... Yer supposed ta be a rare beast, remember? Can't ya act a little more fierce an' intimidatin'?
Michiru: Wait, TV? Are you recording this? Is it gonna be broadcast? What channel? What channel!?
Makina: Stop actin' like a housewife gettin' interviewed on th' street, dang it!
Michiru: Well, the say the camera adds ten pounds, you know...? I wanna make sure I look okay...
Makina: Okay, okay. Maybe I just gotta get myself bitten, like Dave always does? Fine. Go ahead an' bite me, okay? Bite Professor Makina! Go on!
Michiru: Huh!? O-Okay. Omfh. 
Makina: Hyan! Why'd ya nibble on my ear!?
Michiru: Huh? Well, you told me to bite you, so I went for the easiest target...
Makina: I ain't lookin' for a lesbian love scene here! Why th' heck would ya aim for my erogenous zones, huh!? Talk about useless!
Michiru: I-I don't get it. Why are you so mad at me? I don't even understand!
Makina: Look, I'll come back later, okay? Try ta get this "fearsome beast" thing down by then, capiche? Bye!
Michiru: Huh? Wait, what are you...!?
Makina: Dang, that was close. She almost got me quiverin' there...
Yumiko: Where'd I drop that black origami paper...?
Makina: Ah! We've found a rare beast... the Kuuderen!
Yumiko: W-Who do you think you're calling a "beast"!?
Makina: Well then, let's go right ahead and have her bite us! Go on, Kuuderen. Gimme a bite.
Yumiko: There's no way I'm going to do that. What on earth is the matter with you, Irisu-san?
Makina: ...What a friggin' killjoy. No wonder ya don't have any friends.
Yumiko: Guh. I'm not a killjoy... but do you really expect me to bite you? That's just bizarre.
Makina: Not as bizarre as swingin' a box cutter around all day. This is exactly why all yer acquiantances keep you at a distance, ya know?
Yumiko: They most certainly do not!
Makina: True or false! When ya happen to be walkin' in the same direction as someone, they often tell ya "Sorry, I need to make a quick phone call first. You go on ahead."
Yumiko: Well, that does happen fairly frequently.
Makina: Okay. FYI, they're just avoidin' you.
Yumiko: Huh?!
Makina: Now that we've clarified yer position in society, get over here an' gimme a bite!
Yumiko: Will I make friends if I bite you? Will everyone stop making phone calls?
Makina: Sure thing! I ga-ron-tee it. C'mon!
Yumiko: Wh-Where should I bite you, exactly?
Makina: How's about my elbow?
Yumiko: All right. I just need to bite your elbow? Hm...
Makina: Go on, get chompin'!
Yumiko: Anything's worth it if I can make friends... Anything at all...!
Yumiko: *Chomp!*
Makina: Nhoooh! What th' heck!? My arm's all friggin' tingly! Did ya bite right through my nerves or somethin'!?
Yumiko: I-I'm sorry! I tried to do what you told me!
Makina: Waaaaagh, it's so tingly! Aaah, my poor arm... Aaaaaaagh...
Yumiko: A-Are you all right, Irisu-san?
Makina: This is exactly why ya can't make any friends! Learn ta read between th' lines!!
Yumiko: Bwah!?!
Makina: Good grief. I just wanted ta mess around a little! That girl coulda injured me, fer cryin' out loud...
Yumiko: That's why... I can't... make any friends...? 
Makina: Welp then, wonder what creature we'll encounter next...
Makina: Ah! Here we go! The rare beast Maidon!
Sachi: I've made some oyaki dumplings, Maki-chan. Do you want any?
Makina: Huh? Oh yeah! Heck yeah!
Sachi: Very well then. Right this way.
Makina: Heck yeah, I'm right behind ya! Dumplings! Dumpliiiings!
Narration: *...*
Narration: *......*
Narration: *Meanwhile! Just as instructed, Michiru was attempting to improve her "fearsome beast" impression...*
Michiru: Hey, a "beast" is probably something like this, right? Pigu! Pigu!
Cat: Meow?
Michiru: No, no. Like this. Pigu, piguuu! Or something like that. 
Cat: Mrooow?
Narration: *...but of course, Makina wasn't actually coming back to check on her progress!*
Michiru: Ugh. My tummy hurts...
Narration: *What's more, she went on to suffer a mild case of diarrhea... probably because the "seaweed" she'd found earlier was actually a piece of origami paper!*

Narration: *"There's no way I can catch up."*
Narration: *When did that thought first convince me to stop running entirely?*
Narration: *"I can't do it." "It's impossible." Those words were enough to stop me dead in my tracks.*
Narration: *I knew better than anyone that I needed to change. But that didn't make the challenges in front of me any easier...*
Narration: *So at the time, I didn't really appreciate it when people carelessly encouraged me to "keep at it."*
Narration: *Don't give up before you even try. There's no such thing as impossible. You don't have to succeed right away.*
Narration: *Let them laugh if they want to. People who stop to mock the "losers" behind them will always be surpassed by the people who keep struggling with every single step they take.*
Narration: *Agents who constantly try to pull off something impressive are the ones who die young. Take it slow and carefully ― that's what Papa always says.*
Narration: *That's my Papa for you. Talk about yer words of wisdom.*
Narration: *It's been a year now since the two of us moved over to Florida. I carried out a bunch of jobs in the States, and now I've been ordered back home to earn my "license" to work in Japan.*
Narration: *At the moment, I'm working under the number "V-9029."*
Narration: *V stands for Virginia. Means I'm just Papa's support, basically. He's still number I-9029. I'm officially his "spotter," not an agent in my own right.*
Narration: *To be honest, I ain't too happy about that state of affairs.*
Narration: *I can handle things just fine on my own by now, but Papa's still not letting me take any of the "killing" jobs.*
Narration: *"Have you ever hated someone enough that you wanted to kill them? Here's the thing. People who kill for a reason like that are nothing more than murderers." Or so Papa tells me.*
Narration: *First he convinces me I can do anything I set my mind to. Then he tells me I'm not ready yet. Seems like some pretty dang mixed messages there, am I right?*
Narration: *Still, Papa's my master and all, so I don't have much choice but to bite my tongue and give him a cute little nod.*
Narration: *Sure, I've been known to yell "Stop treatin' me like a kid!" sometimes, but that just gets Papa going...*
Narration: *"Maybe when you stop acting like one. Honestly, how about listening to your father for once? Is this one of those rebellious phases I've heard so much about?"*
Narration: *Usually follows that up by pinching the bridge of his nose, looking up at the sky, and letting out a big dramatic sigh.*
Narration: *Way I see it, the sooner I'm a pro in my own right, the sooner Papa can ease into a nice, peaceful retirement...*
Narration: *But according to Papa, I shave a few years off his life every time I head off into the field alone.*
Narration: *I mean, I see where he's coming from and all. The jobs I've taken care of so far haven't really been that impressive.*
Narration: *Guess there was that one time with the robber who holed up in a video rental store one night after the police surrounded him...*
Narration: *There just happened to be an unlucky Senator in there who'd stopped by to pick up a porno, so they sent me over for a super-discreet rescue op. Shot the gun right out of that punk's hand... that's about it, though.*
Makina: ...Nwo?
Narration: *Stopping in my tracks, I glance down at the digital pet hanging from my waist, careful to remain aware of my surroundings.*
Narration: *―672 steps.*
Narration: *Since my old digital pet died a tragic death while serving as a makeshift detonation device, Papa was kind enough to buy me a replacement.*
Narration: *This guy's a brand new "fourth-generation" model, with an onboard GPS that allows it to display the path you've walked on a little map.*
Makina: So this is the halfway point, huh...?
Narration: *Heading right over to the tallest building in the area, I take the elevator to the top floor...*
Narration: *Then head out onto the emergency stairs, tie some duct tape I bought in a hardware store around the handrail, and fix a wind gauge to the roof of the penthouse.*
Narration: *I've already repeated this process four times so far.*
Makina: ...Man, this'd be a heck of a lot easier if everyone was flyin' a flag for some national holiday or another.
Makina: Welp, guess ya can't always get whatcha want...
Narration: *At times like these, I always find myself recalling another of my Papa's maxims.*
Narration: *"A job well-done is the result of steady, simple effort. Shortcuts are a recipe for failure." The words of Kazami Yuuji...*
Date: *June 19, 2012, 11:14 - "Ichigaya"*
JB: Hello, Yuuji. It's been a while...
Yuuji: Has it? We just talked on the phone last week.
JB: ...Yes, but we haven't seen each other face-to-face in some time.
Yuuji: Hrm... did you lose a little weight again?
JB: Yes. Thanks to a certain someone who seems to take pleasure in making my life difficult...
Yuuji: Just to be clear, it's not my fault the governor's barbecue party was ruined last month. That was all Makina.
JB: ...And? Where is the young lady in question?
Yuuji: Isn't coming today. Apparently she doesn't want to see Chiara.
Chiara: Excuse me, what's that supposed to mean? Did you seriously let Makina run off alone the moment she got back to Japan?
Yuuji: It was just a joke. Makina's gone to say hello to her mother.
JB: ...Come again? Isn't that going to be a problem... on multiple levels?
Yuuji: Won't be a problem at all. Trust me.
Chiara: You may be trustworthy, I-9029, but V-9029 is still highly unreliable! And more importantly, I'm her case officer! Why wasn't I informed about any of this!?
Yuuji: Look, she's not a child. Do you really want your agents calling you up every time they run out of toilet paper?
Chiara: That's really not the point! What are we going to do if something happens!?
Yuuji: No need to worry. I'll take full responsibility if anything goes wrong.
Yuuji: ...Anyway, how about showing a little faith in the girl? In this line of work, we need "trust" more than time or money.
Chiara: ...Grr..!!
JB: ...Uh, not sure why you're glaring at me...
JB: Just for the record, I do trust Yuuji, okay?
JB: And that's taking into consideration the fact that he's a stubborn, contrary, rude little cuss. Not to mention a stupidly soft-hearted wimp with a talent for making women cry.
Yuuji: ...You're too kind.
JB: I love you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Yeah. Right back at you, Julia...
Chiara: ...Uhm, are you two making fun of me?
Yuuji: Hrm, you noticed? You've got potential, kid. Guess you're not an idiot after all.
Chiara: ...Pardon me! I'm going to go look for Makina!
JB: Don't tease the poor thing too much. She's trying her best to follow in my footsteps, you know?
Yuuji: Oh? Well, if you want me to be nice, I'll have to show her some love next time.
JB: Please don't. A dose of your "love," and her hair's going to start falling out from stress...
Yuuji: ...Talk about rude. I'm not a monster, you know.
JB: Anyway, are you sure you want to leave this alone?
Yuuji: What, the Chiara thing? Or Makina?
JB: Both...
Yuuji: ...Hm... Well, don't you think it's about time those two had a bit of a wakeup call?
Yuuji: Makina's learned enough in training that she's starting to think she can do anything on her own... and Chiara still can't look past the number "9029."
Yuuji: At the end of the day, an agent needs orders. Without their case officer, they're just useless killing machines...
Yuuji: And all that "legendary number" stuff is mostly just a story the instructors made up to light a fire under the butts of the newbies.
Yuuji: It's so absurdly exaggerated, they might as well be talking about some invincible comic book superman. Doesn't bear much resemblance to reality.
Yuuji: Hell, the only reason I'm still alive is because I've had you behind the scenes, reading the situation and issuing appropriate instructions.
Yuuji: In that sense, I really do trust you, JB. And I'm grateful to you.
JB: ...Look, this is exactly why people call you a playboy. Don't feed me lines like that with such a serious look on your face.
JB: Who do you think you're fooling? I mean, you disobey every third order I give you without batting an eye.
Yuuji: But you take that "into consideration" before you issue them, don't you?
Yuuji: Anyway... I lost my right arm last time I tried going rogue on you. I've learned my lesson for good...
JB: I sincerely hope that's true. Maybe I'll be able to relax enough to put a little weight back on.
Yuuji: Don't go overboard. Your car might start turning to the left on its own every time you hit the gas.
JB: I'm not planning to gain THAT much weight!
Yuuji: No worries. If it gets too bad, I'll get in the passenger seat to balance things out. An agent and his case officer are a team, after all.
JB: ...Have you gotten used to the prosthetic arm?
Yuuji: Hrm... more or less. It's a little heavy, and I have to charge it up twice a day... can't say I enjoy taking all that medication, either. But other than that, it's not so bad.
Yuuji: Anyway, I can do my "work" well enough with just my left arm...
JB: You're intending to continue working, then...?
Yuuji: Losing an arm isn't enough to make me useless. I was trained better than that.
Yuuji: I guess marathon missions would probably be tough, but it shouldn't be a problem as long as I've got Makina helping out on the quick jobs.
JB: ...Are you all right with that?
Yuuji: With what?
JB: Makina helping out. You ended up getting her involved...
Yuuji: I've talked it over with the girl herself countless times. Can't change the past now.
JB: We could wipe her memory with medication, you know.
Yuuji: Mentioned that. She told me she'd rather die. Don't worry, I'll look after her.
JB: Well... if that's really all right with you, then I won't press the matter any further.
Yuuji: By now, I think I'm actually grateful it worked out this way...
Narration: *Setting my empty coffee cup on the table, I glance down at my watch.*
Yuuji: ...Whoops, about time for me to get going. Have to pick up Makina...
JB: Chiara's already doing that, isn't she?
Yuuji: What, you think she's going to find her? I didn't train the girl that badly.
Yuuji: Anyway, the coffee was good. Thanks.
JB: Chiara's the one who made it...
Yuuji: Really? All right then, give that nice big butt of hers a pat and say thanks for me.
Narration: *I got Makina involved in this. I'm aware of that, of course.*
Narration: *Naturally, there's a part of me that regrets it. There's a part of me that thinks I could have found a better way.*
Narration: *Like they say, though, hindsight is 20/20.*
Narration: *I know there's no point dwelling on what I could have done. I know it's all the past now.*
Narration: *But sometimes, I can't help thinking...*
Narration: *"Isn't there anything I can do?"*
Narration: *"Isn't there any way I can live the rest of my life without regret?"*
Narration: *Sometimes, I just can't help it.*
Date: *June 19, 2012, 11:22 - Metropolitan Area*
Makina: ...Here we go...
Narration: *―Rooftops are usually under lock and key.*
Narration: *In other words, anyone who opens the lock can get access to them, and there isn't a lot of random foot traffic.*
Narration: *Removing my rifle from its case (which I pulled up here on a cart), I whip out my digital ratchet torque wrench and begin the assembly process.*
Narration: *At distances like these, you've got to tighten every screw perfectly, or there's no telling where your bullets will end up. Referencing the corrections that worked during training, I carefully assemble my rifle.*
Narration: *Just to be on the safe side, I snap in my laser bore sight and focus on a target 10 meters away. The offset's almost exactly the same as the last time I used it.*
Makina: ...A'ight... lookin' prrrretty good.
Narration: *Next, I set up a wind gauge mounted on a tall rod, spread out a mat, and lay myself down on top of it.*
Narration: *Pulling data over the internet from the other gauges I've set up around the area, I do a few quick calculations on my laptop while starting up my ballistic-calculator program.*
Narration: *Winds from the south. Average speed 13 meters per second, gust factor 2.4, uplift ratio 3.8, flow separation correction 12.3, standard deviation 19.8% when ignoring vortex regions.*
Narration: *Comparing the numbers on the laptop screen to the way my strap of tape was actually fluttering when I looked at it through my scope, I plug in an additional correction founded through personal experience.*
Narration: *Once my final numbers appear on the screen, I quickly adjust the elevation and windage knobs on my scope to match.*
Makina: ...Firing range...
Narration: *The pedometer hanging from my waist provides a GPS-corrected number of 1947 steps.*
Narration: *Every step I take covers about 65.2 cm, so... that's a total of 12,9644.4 cm or 1269.444 meters.*
Narration: *My target's approximately 1270 meters away.*
Makina: 1300, huh... That might be pushin' it a bit.
Narration: *I've only got two bullets for this one. The first is a tungsten-core penetrator; the other's a specially modified "hot rod" designed for maximum speed and flight stability.*
Narration: *The penetrator's going to open a hole in the obstacle between me and my target. Then I just have to shoot the "hot rod" through it.*
Makina: ...The penetrator can only punch me a 9 centimeter hole, and I gotta land the next shot through it... Talk about threadin' the needle. Makes my head hurt just thinkin' about it...
Narration: *Well, they say Papa can pull off this sorta trick every time. And if he can do it, there's no reason I can't...*
Makina: Ohoh. Time ta get started...
Narration: *Even the most "legendary" of snipers need to rely on a little medical help at times.*
Narration: *And so, the next item I retrieve from my pocket is a small silver case containing a small syringe.*
Narration: *It's full of a bright-blue "booster" drug specially designed for marksmen. I promptly inject it into my veins.*
Makina: ...Ngeh!
Narration: *I can't stand needles. Always hated getting shots, ever since I was a kid.*
Narration: *But when the need arises... you gotta do what you gotta do.*
Narration: *A minute after injecting yourself with this stuff, your eyeballs tighten up and go red, and tears begin to flow uncontrollably down your cheeks.*
Narration: *In return, you're able to see perfectly at long distances, and you can go a good seven minutes without wanting to blink.*
Makina: ...Hehe... I can see... Man, can I see...
Narration: *Peering through my digital rifle scope, I study the top floor of Irisu Global Headquarters... specifically, the window of the president's office.*
Narration: *The window reflects the sunlight like a mirror, but by now, I can clearly make out my mother casually sipping tea inside.*
Makina: Okey-dokey... loading rifle...
Narration: *Unzipping my urethane ammo pouch, I examine the bullets within. There's a ribbon painted on both: one blue, and one red.*
Narration: *The blue ribbon means "penetrator."*
Narration: *Pulling back on my rifle's bolt handle, I gently push the blue bullet into the exposed chamber, then return the bolt to the forward position.*
Makina: Loaded and ready...
Makina: Right shoulder ready... Left shoulder ready... Holding position to fire...
Narration: *All I gotta do now is wait for my laptop, currently crunching numbers in real time, to give me the "Go" sign... and then pull the trigger.*
Date: *June 19, 2012, 11:31 - Irisu Global President's Office*
Sawada: ...And that concludes this morning's report.
Kiyoka: I see. That will be all, then.
Sawada: There's one matter unrelated to our operations that I wanted to bring to your attention. We've received a report that number 9029 has returned to Japan...
Kiyoka: Oh, you don't say. What of it?
Sawada: ...Well, ma'am... perhaps it would wise to arrange for a bodyguard, or something of that nature?
Kiyoka: Surely there's no need for that.
Kiyoka: I mean, the boy was fortunate to survive our last encounter. Do you really think he's suicidal enough to rush back in now?
Sawada: ...It's also reported that Miss Makina has returned to Japan along with him.
Kiyoka: I truly couldn't care less. Sarina's recovery has been proceeding nicely, after all. Given that we've managed to secure Ichigaya's silence, I no longer have any interest whatsoever in Makina.
Kiyoka: Moving on... You've been bringing me some distinctly substandard tea recently, Sawada. It's bitter and completely lacking in fragrance!
Sawada: ...I apologize. I did try to replace our supply of leaves when I noticed they seemed to be going a bit stale...
Sawada: But I believe you yourself called it "a complete waste" and threw something of a tantrum until I desisted...
Kiyoka: I don't remember doing any such thing! In any case, make me a new cup. This one's vile!
Sawada: Oh... yes, right aw...
Kiyoka: ...Hwoh?
Narration: *―The mug in Irisu Kiyoka's hand suddenly shatters.*
Narration: *Still holding its handle, she quizzically tilts her head fifteen degrees to the right.*
Kiyoka: ...What on earth was that?
Sawada: ...Eeeek!!
Narration: *Covering her head with her document binder, the secretary, Miss Sawada, proceeds to duck down onto the floor.*
Narration: *Perplexed, Kiyoka turns around to discover the wind whistling through a 9-centimeter hole in her "bulletproof" glass window, now white with cracks.*
Kiyoka: ...Huh? What the...!?
Narration: *Reflexively tossing the handle of her mug aside, she ducks for cover behind her mahogany desk in a blind panic.*
Kiyoka: What do you think you're doing, Sawada!? Stop hiding yourself like a coward!!
Sawada: Eeek! P-Please stay away from me, Kiyoka-sama!!
Kiyoka: Hey! Stop moving! You've got to protect me, damn it!
Sawada: How am I supposed to do that!?
Kiyoka: ...Guh! We've got to call someone... Right, the phone...
Sawada: Kiyoka-sama!! Look out!!
Kiyoka: ...Huh?
Kiyoka: Kya!!
Sawada: Kiyoka-sama! It's no good, the phone's broken!
Kiyoka: Aaaaaagh! It hurts! My hand! My hand! It's bleeeeeding!!
Sawada: Did you... lose a finger?
Kiyoka: A piece of the phone hit me! Aaaagh, it hurts! Sawada, you've got a cell phone, don't you? Hurry up and call for help!!
Sawada: You can't expect me to do that!! They'll just shoot me next!!
Sawada: I've had enough! 9029 is too scary! I quit! I'm going back home to the country!
Kiyoka: Sawada!? Wait, a-are you leaving me behind!? Hold it right there!!
Sawada: S-Stay away from me, ma'am!!
Kiyoka: Waaaaaah! You traitoooor!!
Makina: ...Weeheehee... Whadda shame, all outta bullets...
Makina: ...Heya, Mom. I'm home... didja miss me? Heehee...
Narration: *Now that's what I call a greeting card. Too bad it cost me two special-order rounds worth a good 8000 yen each...*
Narration: *Ah well, it's a small price to pay for giving that old hag a lifelong terror of windows. Serves ya right! Bleeeh!*
Narration: *I think that was satisfying enough to tide me over for a while. But don't go thinking you've seen the last of me, Mommie Dearest...*
Makina: Yow ow... gwah, my friggin' head's killin' me...
Narration: *As the tension drains from my body, the usual post-sniping headache kicks in right on schedule.*
Narration: *I've got to inject myself with my red "blocker" drug stat, or the blood vessels in my head will burst, and I'll lose consciousness.*
Makina: ...Auuugh!
Narration: *Yeah... I still hate needles. But you gotta do what you gotta do.*
Narration: *Before long, my dilated pupils begin to shrink, and I can feel my heart rate returning to normal.*
Makina: ...Gaaah... Crap, my nose is runnin'...
Narration: *Taking a tissue from my skirt pocket, I blow my nose, then start putting away my gear. Halfway through the process, I glance down at my digital pet to check the time.*
Makina: ...Whoopsy. Gotta go meet up with Papa soon... *Sniffle*...

Date: *June 19, 2012, 13:25 - Metropolitan Area - Arcade*
Narration: *―Use your right hand for your chopsticks and your pencil. Use your left when you're batting or throwing a ball.*
Narration: *As a child, I didn't really care which of my arms was "dominant." But Kazuki repeatedly nagged me to hold my chopsticks in my right hand.*
Narration: *When I asked her why it mattered, she said "I don't want people thinking I'm incapable of teaching my own brother how to behave." Talk about self-centered.*
Narration: *In comparison to that, Asako's argument almost sounded respectable: "Can't hurt to know how to shoot with both hands. Never know when you'll lose one."*
Narration: *In any case, I've been ambidextrous ever since I was a kid. As a result, it hasn't been too hard to get the hang of my new arm, which moves in response to signals from a pulse modulator embedded in the left side of my brain.*
Yuuji: ...Hmm...
Narration: *Retrieving a single medal from my cup, I slip it into the game machine's slot.*
Narration: *This sort of thing isn't too difficult if I watch the movements of my artifical hand, but it gets much trickier in the dark, or when I'm looking elsewhere.*
Narration: *It feels a little bit like typing on a keyboard with your eyes closed.*
Yuuji: ...It's all a matter of practice, I guess...
Narration: *It was a struggle just to wipe my ass in the bathroom for a while, but I'm starting to get more comfortable using my right hand this way.*
Narration: *The training mostly involves dull, repetitive exercises like grabbing soy beans with chopsticks while I read. But eventually, this should become second nature to me, and I won't be a burden on Makina any more.*
Narration: *By that point, Makina probably won't need my support either. The thought makes me a little sad, but as her "father," I'm not about to tell her that.*
Yuuji: ...Guess it's about time...
Narration: *I've been killing time playing medal games for a while now. A glance at the watch on my left wrist tells me it's currently 13:25.*
Narration: *Makina's probably done with her "job" by now. And thanks to my time with the Marines, I always get moving exactly five minutes ahead of schedule. Rising from my seat, I turn to the college-age girl at the machine next to me.*
Yuuji: ...You still playing, miss? I need to get going, so you can have my medals.
Lady: Oh, thanks!
Narration: *The young woman takes my medals with a dopey little smile.*
Narration: *Her round cheeks make her look pretty dimwitted, but it's kind of endearing.*
Narration: *In another two or three years, will my "daughter" look something like this...?*
Narration: *The thought brings a small smile to my face. And an instant later, there's a jolt of pain in my flank.*
Yuuji: Ow. That hurts...
Makina: Why th' heck are ya flirtin' around with some random woman...?
Yuuji: Oh, Makina? You're early.
Narration: *I turn around to find Makina and her cart. She's glaring up at me like an indignant squirrel, her round little cheeks even puffier than usual.*
Makina: Good gravy. I can't take my eyes off you fer a second, can I?
Narration: *The girl's been pretty tough on me lately. It seems to seriously upset her when I speak with other women, judging from the way she always jumps in to interrupt the conversation.*
Yuuji: Yeah, sorry about that. Don't get angry...
Narration: *Dropping my artificial hand onto Makina's puffy little head, I give her scalp a nice firm scratching.*
Makina: ...Grrr. There ya go again, dodgin' and weavin'... I know we're in a dangerous line of work, Papa, but I seriously think yer karma's gonna kill you one of these days.
Yuuji: What the heck are you talking about...?
Lady: ...Papa...?
Yuuji: Hm? Yeah... this girl's my daughter.
Lady: Your daughter...?
Makina: Arrgh! Let's get goin' already, Papa!
Yuuji: All right, all right...
Yuuji: Well then, miss, I'll see you later.
Lady: Uh, yeah... Thanks for the medals.
Makina: ...Hmmph!!
Yuuji: Ow! I'm coming, all right? Stop kicking me.
Narration: *I turn and leave the arcade with Makina, my hand still resting on her head.*
Makina: Seriously, Papa, yer hopeless. Just can't help yourself with th' ladies, can ya? All the teachers at th' trainin' school in Virginia told me "that kid's a natural-born gigolo," ya know...
Yuuji: ...Total slander... I try not to make more enemies than necessary, that's all.
Yuuji: Anyway, did things go well with your mother?
Makina: You betcha. That woman won't be goin' near any windows fer the rest of her life!
Yuuji: ...Good for you. Are you satisfied now?
Makina: Hm. Well, I guess so... Don't think I'm ever gonna stop hatin' that lady, though.
Yuuji: It'd be nice if you could forgive her eventually, but... I guess that's probably impossible. Have to admit, I still hate my father's guts...
Makina: ...Mighta felt better to just put a bullet through her brain...
Yuuji: You're not ready to kill people yet. Not by a long shot.
Yuuji: Also, I'd recommend against murdering a parent.
Yuuji: I killed my old man myself, but... sometimes I wish I hadn't. I could be making his life hell right now if he wasn't dead...
Makina: Hmm, I dunno...
Yuuji: Also... I know this sounds kind of pathetic, but I still see his face in my nightmares sometimes... no matter what your reasons, killing your own parent is something you'll always regret...
Makina: ...Welp... if you say that's how it is, then I believe you. But it's not really clickin' with me just yet, ta be honest.
Yuuji: That's good enough for now. You'll understand eventually...
Makina: ...Uuu...
Yuuji: Are you upset...?
Makina: Mmm... that's not it... I've got a headache...
Yuuji: You used the drugs...? Guess that explains why you're all irritable...
Makina: ...Yeah... sorry, Papa...
Narration: *"Beta-plus" boosters: drugs that temporarily enhance your physical and mental condition.*
Narration: *Beta-blockers: drugs that suppress your dangerously heightened sensory and muscular capabilities.*
Narration: *Issued only under specific circumstances, typically to snipers or soldiers fighting at night, they offer brief periods of superhuman combat prowess in exchange for severe aftereffects.*
Yuuji: You should avoid using those when you can. Save them for when you absolutely need to land a thousand-meter shot. They'll give you chronic migraines...
Narration: *When you get on a crowded train after using those things, the fingertips and noses of the other passengers will seem to be moving constantly toward your eyes.*
Narration: *You'll grow increasingly irritable; eventually, you'll feel like the contents of your head are swirling around in circles, and begin to suffer violent attacks of nausea.*
Narration: *I never really liked trains, even as a kid. But those drugs are a big part of the reason that I ended up hating them as much as I do.*
Yuuji: Put your sunglasses on. That should help you relax a little.
Makina: ...Yeah...
Yuuji: Who gave you the drugs, anyway? Chiara...?
Makina: Yep, that's right...
Yuuji: That little punk...
Makina: Don't be angry with her, okay? She didn't mean any harm... 
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I know...
Narration: *After nine months of training, snipers with potential are usually issued a certain amount of personal equipment.*
Narration: *That includes weaponry tailored to their preferences, high-quality ammunition, and the "booster" drugs. It was the same for me.*
Narration: *They're tools that allow us to carry out every mission we're assigned with whatever we're provisioned.*
Narration: *I find myself remembering a conversation from two months ago, the week after Makina received her first order to fire on a live human target.*
Yuuji: Hey there, Chiara. Your ass never gets any less huge, does it?
Chiara: My bottom has nothing to do with the topic at hand. I'd like to brief you on an informal counseling session I recently held with Irisu Makina.
Yuuji: Oh? Is this important?
Chiara: Yes, it certainly is. Incidentally, would you mind speaking to my face instead of my rear end?
Yuuji: Hmm... that's a tall order...
Chiara: ...Ahem... It was recently determined that Irisu Makina's practical skills now meet our basic standards. Accordingly, she was given her first class C mission last week...
Yuuji: Oh? We already done discussing your ass...?
Chiara: ...Would you please just hear me out already?
Yuuji: All right. Go ahead.
Chiara: *Sigh*... I'll get to the point. She seemed a little out of it after her first anti-personnel mission, so I struck up a conversation...
Chiara: "...Any thoughts on your first job, Makina...?"
Makina: "...Hm? Sure... they've been givin' me some crappy bullets lately. Darn things just won't fly straight..."
Chiara: "Is that it? Anything else?"
Makina: "I told those idiots in procurement I like my primer hard, but they keep givin' me the soft stuff. Tell 'em to get their act together..."
Chiara: "Hard primer might give you a cleaner trajectory, but it makes the kickback worse. That delays the follow-up shot, and it's hard on someone of your size. They were being considerate!"
Makina: "...They need ta mind their own beeswax. I'll hit my targets on the first shot, so who cares about the follow-up?"
Chiara: "Is there a reason you shot the target in his right arm?"
Makina: "Well, he was holdin' the gun in his right hand. If he was holdin' it in his left hand, I'm pretty sure I woulda gone for that side."
Chiara: "I see..."
Chiara: ...What are your thoughts on this exchange, as her "father"?
Yuuji: Not sure what you mean. She expressed herself pretty clearly.
Chiara: You don't think she's developing a complex about the loss of your arm?
Yuuji: I don't think so. If anyone's got a "complex" here, it's probably me.
Chiara: ...What do you mean by that?
Yuuji: Honestly, it's a little hard for me to talk about this... but I'd really like her life to turn out better than mine...
Chiara: We'd have to wipe her memory with drugs, but a conditional return to civilian life isn't out of the question. I did explain that, didn't I?
Yuuji: I'm not saying I didn't consider it, but...
Narration: *...Drugs, huh...?*
Narration: *This "company" deliberately recruits people considered to be expendable. Its employees are as disposable as the machinery. That's just the nature of this job...*
Narration: *Even in a country like this, where we crawl around in the dirt every time a bullet casing gets misplaced, there isn't any fundamental difference...*
Makina: ...Hey, Papa... are you mad...?
Yuuji: Hm...? Ah, no... that's not it. I was just thinking...
Makina: Did they, uh... say somethin' about me...?
Yuuji: ...Listen, Makina... are you really sure this is what you want?
Makina: What, this again...? Like I keep tellin' ya, I made my own decision. Nobody else gets ta complain... not even you, Papa.
Yuuji: ...All right...
Narration: *Makina always scowls when I bring this up.*
Narration: *Every time it happens, she says the same thing: don't go feeling sorry for me. I made my own choices.*
Narration: *And so, with sadness stabbing at my chest, I always wrap my arms around Makina's shoulders and push my nose into her hair.*
Narration: *She's got a sweet smell, almost like bubblegum. And there's a faint whiff of gunpowder underneath that now.*
Narration: *That's one scent we have in common. The thought does inspire pity, but it's also oddly comforting.*
Makina: Anyhoo, where exactly are we goin' right now?
Yuuji: Oh, right. See that car in the parking lot over there? We're going to drive it out to Mishima Cape.
Makina: You bought a car, Papa?
Yuuji: Nope. It's a car my buddy Daniel Bone kept in Japan. Belongs to his sister now that he's gone... I borrowed it from her.
Makina: ...Uh, is this thing really gonna move?
Yuuji: Well, it got me this far. Might not look like much, but there's a V8 under that hood. Don't go underestimating it.
Narration: *These days, it's all about "fuel economy" and "eco-friendly" engines. This thing, on the other hand, is an iron coffin on wheels with a ravenous thirst for gasoline. Its very existence is a crime.*
Narration: *Driving a car with 430 horsepower in a country this cramped is downright absurd; and excessive power always meets with the disapproval of society.*
Yuuji: Let's go. Make sure you fasten that belt.
Makina: My champion's belt?
Yuuji: Since when were you the champion of anything...? I meant your seatbelt.
Makina: Aw, c'mon. It's just a snappy little French joke.
Narration: *―When you've got too much in the way of power, it's important to stay cool-headed and rational. That's something I learned from my master, Asako.*
Narration: *Remember that you've got a 430 horsepower engine you could unleash at any moment, and it's hard to get too irritated when some punks in a flashy car try to provoke you.*
Narration: *"Whoa. Somebody's got a lot of energy!" should be the extent of your reaction.*
Narration: *To keep pace with the city traffic around you, all you have to do is coast along. And in an emergency, you can always push the pedal to the metal.*
Narration: *The same principle applies if you're good in a fight. Tell yourself "I could knock this guy flying any time," and it's easier to keep your cool. Sadly, lots of tough guys get themselves killed before they figure that out.*
Narration: *Cocky idiots are always the first to die. That's pretty much a universal truth.*
Narration: *You're never more vulnerable than when you feel invincible. But it's hard to understand that, or the real weight of a trigger, without actual experience. Someone has to teach you.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, lessons like these aren't easy to impart with words alone.*
Narration: *I'm painfully aware of that every time I look at Makina lately. And it makes me anxious.*
Narration: *At the rate she's going, the kid's going to screw up real bad sooner or later.*
Narration: *I'm sure Asako felt the same way about me back in the day.*
Narration: *And now here I am, racking my brains the same way she did, trying to find some way to explain everything to Makina.*
Narration: *I mold and reshape sentences in my mind like a sculptor playing with clay. But in the end, the words that leave my mouth are completely trivial.*
Yuuji: ...Nice weather today.
Makina: Mm... yeah, fer sure...
Narration: *Makina responds absentmindedly. She's pressing her forehead against the side window like a fighter pilot looking for enemy planes, watching as the world flows quietly by.*
Makina: ...Ya think everyone's doin' all right...?
Yuuji: Probably...
Narration: *It's been some time since the two of us abruptly ran away from Mihama Academy. What's happened to our classmates since then?*
Narration: *About six months after Makina and I arrived in America, we started to get a certain amount of mail delivered to us through the "company."*
Narration: *These letters, delivered in a bundle every Sunday, were mostly notices from government offices and organizations, or advertisements from various businesses.*
Narration: *But every once in a while, these tiresome little packets would have a handwritten letter mixed in with the rest.*
Narration: *The first one that we received just had the names "Kazami Yuuji" and "Irisu Makina" written on the front.*
Narration: *I'm not sure how it got to us, exactly. There was no address listed, and the postage stamp in the corner hadn't even been marked.*
Narration: *Instead of a postmark, the envelope was marked by a red stamp indicating it had been opened and inspected by a censor. Flipping it over, I found that the sender's name was "Suou Amane."*
Narration: *Ordinarily, that letter never would have reached us.*
Narration: *It was nice of the "company" to specially arrange for its delivery, but their thorough removal of potential "coded phrases" meant a good deal of Amane's message was impossible to decipher.*
Narration: *One thing, at least, was clear: after graduating from Mihama, she'd been encouraged to stay on in the role of "dorm mother," and had chosen to accept.*
Narration: *Learning this, of course, got me curious about how the others were doing.*
Narration: *They'd all said something about waiting for me and Makina to return, but a year can be a very long time. There's no telling how many of them are still enrolled there.*
Narration: *Then again, Mihama Academy is relatively easy to enter but difficult to leave. It's a bit like a prison that way.*
Narration: *It's not hard to imagine a few more students enrolling, but honestly, I'd be a little surprised to see anyone graduate smoothly on schedule.*
Yuuji: ...We might find the place exactly as we left it, actually...
Makina: I hope yer right...
Yuuji: Well, at the very least, Amane's still at Mihama. And the others shouldn't have graduated yet.
Makina: ...Yeah...
Narration: *Makina's voice sounds oddly listless. Is she praying we'll find her friends unchanged? Or worrying about the way this year has changed her?*
Narration: *I can understand how she feels. And that only makes it harder to find something to say.*
Narration: *Makina doesn't continue the conversation either. Her eyes stay fixed on the scenery flowing past her window.*
Narration: *Eventually, as the sights around us begin to grow familiar, it occurs to me that Makina's been very quiet for some time.*
Narration: *I look over and discover that she's sleeping silently, leaning back against the headrest with her face turned away from the light outside her window.*
Narration: *The effects of the blocker drugs are probably hitting her hard right about now. Once you start to get used to the fact that the floor's "spinning" underneath you, you'll often be overcome by a sudden wave of fatigue.*
Narration: *At a glance, this area doesn't appear to have changed much at all.*
Narration: *I find myself remembering the "ordinary" life we were living here until just a year ago. It inspires a tickle of something like nostalgia.*
Narration: *But as I turn the car onto the street that runs past the local train station, a certain building catches my eye.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Makina. Wake up.
Makina: Nwo...? What, we there already...?
Yuuji: We're still out by Mishima Cape station. Take a look at that...
Makina: ...Nnh!?
Narration: *As soon as she spots the building I'm pointing at, Makina reflexively throws open her door and jumps out of the car.*
Makina: ...Papa! The bakery...!
Yuuji: Yeah. Looks like they're back in business...
Narration: *Makina's own relatives, members of the Irisu clan, destroyed this little store a year ago in a cruel act of arson. But now it's open to the public once again, neat and pretty as it ever was.*
Yuuji: ...Looks like the money we sent through the company got to them. Want to pop in and say hello?
Makina: ...Mm... nah...
Yuuji: Why not?
Makina: ...I mean, it's my fault their store burned down... It'd take some nerve to barge in there now.
Yuuji: I know it's pointless to say this, but it's not like you're the one who set that fire.
Makina: ...I might as well have...
Yuuji: That's not true. Anyway, look at that. They've got a brand new stone oven, see? Looks nicer than the one they had before.
Makina: That's really not th' issue here...
Narration: *Well then. What now...?*
Narration: *Should I make Makina say hello, even if I have to kick her scrawny butt into the store?*
Narration: *As I fold my arms to ponder this, the owner of the bakery glances out his window and notices us. His eyes go wide; an instant later, he's rushing out of his store.*
Bakery Owner: ...Is that you, Makina!?
Makina: ...!!!
Narration: *Not knowing what to say or how to apologize, Makina turns and tries to flee. I reach out and grab her by the scruff of the neck. *
Yuuji: ...Where do you think you're going?
Makina: Noooo! Lemme go, Papa!
Bakery Owner: Makina! It really is you!
Makina: ...Auu! Hauuu!!
Narration: *Realizing that escape's no longer a possibility, Makina turns dejectedly to face her former employer.*
Narration: *The man's well aware that his shop was burned down because Makina chose to work there. Just after we arrived in America, she wrote him a letter explaining everything.*
Narration: *For her part, the girl was determined to take responsibility. She asked our company to send her former employer nearly all the money she earned working in the States - including the profits from her own little bakery.*
Narration: *After six months of this, however, we were notified that the owner had refused to accept any further payments.*
Narration: *That news left Makina depressed. She assumed the unspoken message was "Money can't begin to make up for what you did."*
Narration: *But now that we have a chance to actually speak with the man, it turns out that wasn't the case. Clearly delighted to see Makina again, he laughs in a booming voice and musses up her hair affectionately.*
Narration: *He'd been worried about her ever since she disappeared, but all she'd left him was a letter with no return address. There was no way for him to communicate his concern.*
Narration: *But our classmates told him "Makina will come back eventually," and he'd chosen to believe them. Devoting himself to the art of baking bread, he'd waited for her return.*
Narration: *In the first place, this bakery was less of a business than a hobby. It functioned mainly as a tax shelter for his father, a local landlord.*
Narration: *In other words, its destruction didn't cause any real trouble. I think he's exaggerating for Makina's benefit, but considering the nicely restored shop and its new oven, there's probably some truth to his words.*
Narration: *Soon enough, the bakery's owner is feeding Makina some of his newest creations, his face overflowing with confidence and pride.*
Narration: *In his brilliant smile, there's an unspoken message - "As long as you're alive, you can always start over." *
Narration: *It seems the man trained with a master baker recently; his skills have dramatically improved since our last visit. All the anxiety and sadness has vanished from Makina's face, replaced by a genuine smile.*
Narration: *In the end, she comes away with a lesson on resilience in the face of adversity... and a standing offer for a part-time job at the bakery. *
Narration: *By the time we say goodbye, I can tell Makina's finally beginning to enjoy the "homecoming" she'd been so nervous about.*
Makina: ...Hey, Papa... it's pretty nice havin' somethin' to come back to...
Yuuji: Yeah, you're right...
Narration: *People take many things for granted. All too often, we don't realize how precious something is until we've lost it.*
Narration: *That applies to the people in our lives, our beliefs... pretty much anything, in fact.*
Narration: *When you're able to see how important the "ordinary" things really are, you grow a little as a person.*
Narration: *When you realize that some things are precious in a way that transcends their "value," you become a little stronger as a person. My time with Makina has taught me that.*

Date: *June 19, 2012, 15:18 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Narration: *I leave the car in a garage near the station. It's kind of a relief; the way its dashboard flickered every time I hit the brakes was getting on my nerves. Makina and I cover the rest of the distance to Mihama on foot.*
Narration: *Just outside the school gate, we spot a woman wearing a jet-black maid uniform in the blazing sun. She's standing with a broom in her hand, still as a statue.*
Makina: Sacchin!! It's me! I'm back!
Sachi: Ah...! Maki-chan...!?
Makina: Sacchin!! Sacchiiiiin!!
Sachi: ...Gwoh!?
Narration: *Overcome by emotion, Makina reflexively hurls herself at Sachi like an aggressive sumo wrestler.*
Narration: *Sachi tries to brace herself for the blow, but the unexpectedly powerful impact knocks the air from her lungs.*
Makina: Sacchin! I'm back, Sacchin!! I'm finally home! Ah, Sacchin! My Sacchin!! Ya haven't changed a bit, have ya!? Mmf nmf!
Sachi: ...Ah, guh... gh... Welcome home, Maki-ch... ah! Wait... don't bury your face in my chest like that... aaah! Your breath's... so hot!
Makina: ...Hehehehe... I'll show you hot! Hur hur hur...
Sachi: ...Ah! Stop! D-Don't put your hand up my skirt...! Waaah!
Narration: *An emotional reunion... two friends locked in a passionate embrace...*
Narration: *Makina wastes no time reaching for Sachi's panties.*
Narration: *Sachi, for her part, struggles valiantly to protect them.*
Narration: *In their joyful, vigorous play, the two former classmates resemble nothing so much as a pair of copulating slugs.*
Narration: *What a truly touching spectacle. I can feel the corners of my eyes growing hot.*
Makina: Hrm!? You dare resist!? Impudent maid! Hnph!!
Sachi: No...! Don't... Don't pull my underwear down...!!
Makina: That ain't it! That ain't what yer supposed to say!!
Sachi: Ah... guh. Noooo... my panties are gonna bweeeak!
Makina: Now that's the ticket! Gimme an ahegao, while yer at it!!
Sachi: Nhoooooooh!
Narration: *Sachi lets her eyes roll back in her head like a punchdrunk boxer, sticks out her tongue, and lets out a bizarre moan...*
Narration: *Hrm...? Maybe it's just me, but I think this little game might be getting somewhat out of hand.*
Narration: *Apparently realizing things have gone too far, Sachi shoots a glance over at me and blushes, then tries to push Makina away.*
Sachi: ...Uhm, Maki-chan... look, Kazami-san's watching... L-Let's just stop for now, okay...?
Makina: Say what!?
Narration: *Sachi grabs at Makina's wrist and tries to pull her off by force, but the girl isn't about to allow that.*
Narration: *Taking full advantage of her flexible joints, she wrestles to maintain her grip. When Sachi does manage to break free, Makina slips past her defenses and stubbornly tries for another hold.*
Narration: *And above all else―*
Sachi: ...Kuh! Maki-chan... you've gotten a lot stronger!
Narration: *―Makina's a great deal stronger than she was when we left Mihama Academy behind. And by developing her core muscles, she's also improved her stability and balance.*
Narration: *By this point, the strength of her grappling technique is comparable to that of a black-belt in Judo.*
Narration: *Once again, Makina's hand shoots out to tear off Sachi's maid uniform. Sachi deflects it with a circular movement of her arm, but there's astonishment in her eyes.*
Makina: I'm just gettin' started, punk! Hmph!!
Sachi: ...Ah!
Narration: *Makina suddenly pulls back, removing the pressure she was applying to Sachi's upper body... and as Sachi staggers forward, she grabs her outer leg in mid-air, preventing the maid from regaining any semblance of balance.*
Makina: ...Use their own strength against 'em, and ya can take down anyone... From the moment I mastered this art, yer panties were as good as mine!! Gwash!!
Sachi: Waaah!!!
Narration: *I'm not sure exactly how she managed this part, but Makina is indeed clutching Sachi's underwear tightly in her hand.*
Sachi: Oh no... wait... Maki-chan, let go of my leg! Y-You're exposing me! And give me back my panties!
Yuuji: ...Hrm. I haven't seen your private parts in some time, but I see they're still quite aesthetically pleasing.
Sachi: Uhm... I appreciate your attempt at a compliment, but I don't particularly want your thoughts on the matter. Could you please, er, do something about Maki-chan, or...
Yuuji: Right. That's enough, Makina. Cut it out before I smack you.
Makina: Oui!
Sachi: ...Guh... uhm, give me back my underwear, please...
Yuuji: Sorry, Sachi. Makina's picked up some martial arts skills lately, and she's always itching for an excuse to use them...
Makina: Yep! My bad, Sacchin! But I'm not givin' you yer panties. Why, you ask!? Because it's cuter ta go commando!!
Sachi: ...Uuu...
Yuuji: Come on, don't bully the poor girl...
Narration: *When you've mastered a new skill, you want the opportunity to use it. I understand that feeling completely.*
Narration: *That said, caution and cowardice are assets for an agent. People who roll up their sleeves excitedly when they spot an enemy are usually the ones who die first.*
Narration: *This childish enthusiasm of Makina's doesn't seem to be going away, no matter how many times I lecture her about it.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry about all that.
Narration: *Ignoring Makina's moans of complaint, I pluck the underwear from her clutches and hand it back to Sachi. She accepts them with both hands, blushing bright red, then turns around and quickly puts them back on.*
Sachi: Uhm... I... W-Welcome back, Kazami-san...
Narration: *When she turns back around, Sachi bows slightly in my direction. Seems like she's decided to pretend none of that ever happened.*
Sachi: Have you been well...?
Yuuji: Yeah, more or less.
Sachi: I'm... very glad to see you safe and sound.
Yuuji: Thanks...
Narration: *I'm not sure "safe and sound" is the best choice of words, since I've got one arm less than I did when I left...*
Narration: *Averting my eyes from Sachi's, I give my artificial right hand a reflexive squeeze.*
Sachi: ...They do say men can change in the blink of an eye, but I must admit, Kazami-san, I never imagined you would return to us as a cyborg.
Yuuji: ...You don't seem all that surprised.
Sachi: Well, of course. I've learned to expect the unexpected where you're concerned.
Sachi: You promised to return here someday... and I believed in those words. I knew you'd come back safe and sound...
Makina: Hey, Sacchin, what about everybody else? What're they up to?
Sachi: Nothing's really changed. Sakaki-san, Amane-san, and Michiru-sama are still residents of this school. And we've kept both of your rooms exactly as you left them.
Makina: Fer real!?
Sachi: ...I made sure to keep them clean, as well. You can resume your lives here right away...
Yuuji: Well, Sachi... that's very kind of you, but...
Makina: ...Truth is, we haven't really "come home" yet...
Sachi: ...What do you mean by that?
Makina: It's sorta a temporary thing... I'm just back in Japan to get myself certified fer work, basically... 
Yuuji: Anyway, no reason to keep standing out here... First things first, let's head over to the rose garden.
Sachi: The rose garden...?
Narration: *―As Makina said, we've only returned to Japan so that she can earn her "license" to operate here.*
Narration: *Under the circumstances, I might have avoided Mihama entirely... but there was something Makina badly wanted to do here, so we applied for permission to visit.*
Narration: *As for the specific reason Makina decided to return...*
Makina: ...It's this guy right here.
Sachi: ...That apple seedling...
Yuuji: Yeah. It's the one you gave Makina when we left, Sachi...
Makina: I've been doin' my best to keep the little guy alive so far. But I really think he'll be better off at Mihama, ya know?
Makina: Hey, Sacchin! Ya got a spade?
Sachi: Ah, yes... wait just a moment, please...
Narration: *―A promise with your friends can be a very heavy thing.*
Narration: *There's nothing worse than reading a letter from the family of a dead comrade, knowing that you promised him "we'll both make it back alive."*
Narration: *When Daniel Bone died, I was the one who received the final letter from his little sister.*
Narration: *Given the confidential nature of our mission, I couldn't even explain the cause of his death in my reply. Telling her "your brother fought bravely till the very end" was the most I could manage.*
Narration: *I still remember how powerless and worthless I felt, staring down at that letter and trying to find something else to say.*
Narration: *Our "company" tends to go for loners who won't be missed if they die, but even so... everyone leaves at least a few things behind.*
Narration: *For Danny, his sister was first on that list. And someday, this seedling might be up there on Makina's.*
Narration: *"If I get myself killed, whoever gets this thing dumped on them is probably gonna feel pretty lousy about it..."*
Narration: *A memento like this would only be a burden on its recipient. In that case, why not just plant it in a place that's special to her?*
Narration: *At Mihama Academy, there would always be someone to look after this seedling.*
Narration: *They might not even know who planted it, but at least they'd take care of it.*
Narration: *And this way, she could leave something behind at this school. Something that would grow even after her death, in a place where she'd been happy.*
Narration: *These were the reasons she'd insisted on our visit to Mihama.*
Makina: ...Whoopsy-daisy...
Narration: *In the corner of a rose garden that faces the courtyard, we dig a small hole, then take the seedling out of its pot.*
Narration: *After filling the hole around her tree's roots, Makina pats down the soil with the back of her spade and lets out a little sigh.*
Narration: *With this, we've completed one of our two main objectives for this trip to Japan.*
Sachi: ...Hey, Maki-chan... once you get your certifications, will you be going back to America?
Makina: Hmm... I dunno, really. Papa and Chiara are always decidin' things for me, so I'm kinda in the dark...
Narration: *Makina glances up at me with uncertainty in her eyes.*
Narration: *I did tell her that our return to Japan was only temporary, but I haven't explained in any greater detail yet.*
Narration: *I didn't want to get her hopes up when there's a good chance she'll be disappointed in the end... but maybe it's about time I got into the details.*
Yuuji: ...As a matter of fact, what happens next depends on Makina's performance...
Yuuji: If she manages to pass her exams cleanly, we'll probably be staying in Japan for at least a little while...
Makina: Really!?
Sachi: That's wonderful, Maki-chan!
Makina: Yeah!!
Yuuji: I wouldn't celebrate just yet. Getting certified in Japan is a lot harder than you might think.
Yuuji: With that photographic memory of yours, the written tests and classroom evaluations shouldn't be a problem... but the final test is a "picnic," and it's going to be rough...
Narration: *The kid did get through a full six-month course of basic training in Virginia, but in Japan, she's what they call "foreign capital."*
Narration: *Better yet, she's a "seasonal employee" who isn't fully part of the local "company"...*
Narration: *And on top of it all, she earned a spot in these exams through a quota for special recommendations. To the Japanese candidates, or "three-monthers," people like Makina are always going to be outsiders.*
Narration: *Only new employees who produce excellent results at their "branch offices" are eligible for a spot in this exam. In other words, they all worked their asses off to get this far...*
Narration: *And Makina's just strolling right through the door with a letter from Akasaka around her neck, having completely skipped the initial three-month training period.*
Narration: *These people sweated their way through a brutal competition within the confines of the company's closed-off little world.*
Narration: *Naturally, they're not going to take it too well when some half-assed little punk from the outside hops easily up the staircase they've been climbing.*
Yuuji: ...For one thing, everyone's going to pick on you.
Makina: I got used to th' bullyin' back in Virginia. No problemo!
Makina: Anyway, they can't yell at me if I do my job right! If some idiot tries to pick a fight over nothin', ya just yell "Why are ya bein' so mean to me!?" and start blubberin' loudly! Tends ta scare 'em off for good!
Yuuji: ...This is exactly why they call you "half-assed," kid...
Makina: Oh, c'mon... yer one to talk, Papa. All the instructors said you pulled a lotta crap back in your day...
Makina: Heck, even the bar ladies knew about you. Do I even wanna know th' story behind that "Utamaro" nickname...? Good grief.
Yuuji: ...Ngh...
Narration: *First rule of parenting: don't let your kid find your old haunts.*
Sachi: ...Uhm... I think I've asked this before, but... what kind of place is this "school" you two attended?
Makina: Nwo? Hm, well... it's sortuva dumpin' ground for no-good punks from all across the USA, I guess?
Makina: On our first day, they took us all up on a helicopter, strapped us into parachute harnesses, then kicked us out th' back door!!
Makina: Course, the cords were hooked up to a rail, so the chutes opened on their own. Nobody went splat or anything... but still, talk about yer warm welcomes! All we got beforehand was a ten-minute explanation!
Makina: After that, we're standin' around on some mountain with our big ol' parachutes in our hands when a single ambulance pulls up...
Makina: This instructor pops out of it an' says, "Any of you idiots manage to get yourselves injured?" What th' hell, man! We coulda broken our friggin' necks, ya know!?
Makina: And th' next words out of his mouth were... "Anyone pissing their pants with fear? Anyone have complaints about our training methods? Feel free to pack your bags and head back home!"
Makina: Ya think we'd be in this shithole if we had anywhere else to go, dumbass!?!
Sachi: ...I don't quite understand, but... it sounds like a rather intense educational environment...
Makina: They had us marchin' and runnin', swimmin' and rowin', cleanin' and diggin' holes, studyin' and eatin' nasty food...
Makina: Sometimes they slap ya in the face fer no good reason. Or smack yer behind with a wooden stick till it gets all swollen. It weren't exactly th' best of times.
Sachi: ...Weren't you with her, Kazami-san? Why did you permit this...?
Yuuji: Don't scowl at me... I'm not the one who was picking on her, okay? That's just the way things are at that school.
Yuuji: It's not all bad, either. There's no tuition, and they cover your room, board, and medical expenses.
Yuuji: Hell, you can even earn a little pocket money by working part-time on the "support squad." Pretty sweet deal, right?
Makina: "Pocket money" is right. I was out in th' desert all day diggin' up anti-tank mines for a lousy 200 bucks...
Yuuji: Come on, it's easy enough work.
Makina: Easy fer you to say! Back in yer day, they let you blast 'em all to bits with MCLCs! I was out there in a bomb suit in the blazin' sun, diggin' the damn things up by hand! It was a friggin' nightmare!
Yuuji: Oh? Well, you got a bronze PKO license badge out of it, didn't you? That's going to make your paychecks a little bit bigger.
Makina: Do I look like I give a crap!?
Sachi: I'm still rather confused, but... it certainly sounds like they kept you two busy...
Yuuji: Well, anyway... I know this isn't the most satisfying reunion, but depending on how things go, we might end up staying here again. Hope you'll put up with us.
Sachi: Of course. I'm very much looking forward to it.
Narration: *With a bow to us both, Sachi takes a keyring from her pocket, then removes the keys to our rooms and hands them to us.*
Narration: *Sachi's still got some cleaning work to take care of. After a brief goodbye, Makina and I head inside our old dorm for the first time in a year.*
Narration: *The lobby hasn't changed at all in our absence.*
Narration: *Our names are still present on the whiteboard above the shoe racks, where magnetic plates indicate which residents are currently in the dorm.*
Narration: *Reaching up, I flip the magnets underneath "Kazami Yuuji, Invincible Soldier" and "Irisu Makina, Mischievous Kitten" from "Out" to "In." We proceed to take off our shoes and put on our indoor slippers.*
Makina: This kinda takes me back...
Yuuji: Yeah, same here...
Narration: *Glancing up at the whiteboard for a second time, I realize that the magnet under "Suou Amane, My Sexy Wife" indicates she's "In" at the moment.*
Yuuji: ...Looks like Amane's around.
Makina: ...Anal-nee?
Yuuji: There something wrong with your ears?
Makina: Anal-nee! Anal-neeeeee!? Are ya heeeere?
Yuuji: Look, kid, you need to stop ignoring me. There's no way she's going to respond to...
Amane: Alright, what's the big idea!? Who d'you think you're callin' Anal!?
Yuuji: ...She actually showed up...
Amane: ...Wait, Makina...!? And Yuuji!? What the...!?
Makina: Hey there, Ama-nee! We have returned. Eheh!!
Amane: Sorry, what? Whaaat!? When'd you get back!? Y'little idiot! Why didn't ya call!?
Makina: Heheh, sorry 'bout that. Things have been a little crazy, ya know!?
Amane: ...I swear... Do you have any idea how worried I was? How have you been? Are you hungry? Want something to eat?
Amane: Honestly! If you told me you were coming back, I could have made something in advance! You little...!
Makina: Hrm, sorry to have worried you. But rest assured, I'm doin' just fine! Also, give it a rest with the noogies.
Amane: Anyway, what would you like? How about something sweet? I've got some of those brown-sugar bites you like so much. You want some?
Yuuji: What are you, her grandma out in the country?
Amane: Well... c'mon... I don't want to hear the poor girl's stomach rumbling, you know? Ever since you two left, I've been so worried about whether you were getting enough to eat...
Yuuji: Don't worry. Makina's got me around. My cooking isn't particularly tasty, but I always make sure her diet's nutritionally balanced.
Makina: That's right! I might be small, but I eat plenty. I was shovelin' down them nasty-ass rations like a champ!
Makina: The instructors were like, "Har har! Guess you really are Yuuji's kid!"
Amane: ...It looks like you've lost a little weight, though. Your face seems a little thinner than before...
Makina: Oh? Ya think? I ac'shully put on three kilos in America.
Amane: What!?
Yuuji: Well... hmm. We didn't have you around counting our calories, so she actually gained eight kilos in no time at all...
Yuuji: Her face was pretty round to begin with, but it was starting to get as chubby as a chow chow's... I was starting to get a little worried...
Makina: Yep, it was lookin' pretty bad fer a while. But when I started attendin' Papa's old school in America, I lost 12 kilos lickety-split!
Amane: Whaaaaat!? You'll die if you lose that much weight!!
Yuuji: In that place, you're exercising so much that it's impossible to get enough calories... All the new students lose a ton of weight real fast.
Makina: I was thinkin' I mighta found myself a pretty good diet, but then I bottomed out at 35 kilos. And before I knew it, I was packin' on another 7!
Amane: ...I'm not sure it's healthy for your weight to fluctuate like that...
Yuuji: It's fine. I know her build hasn't changed that much, but that's because static exercise mainly works your inner muscles. She basically just burned off her baby fat and replaced it with muscle mass.
Amane: But... it kinda seems like you've lost some weight as well, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Well, yeah... my arms are different in terms of weight and strength now, and it threw off my balance. I've been working through an exercise regimen of my own...
Amane: ...Wait a second, what's with that arm!? Huh!? It's artificial!? Are you serious!?
Yuuji: Haha, yeah. I kind of screwed up on the job...
Amane: This isn't a laughing matter! What on earth happened!?
Makina: ...Uuu... I'm sorry, Ama-nee... I shoulda taken better care of him...
Yuuji: Just ignore her, Amane. Little dimwit thinks it's somehow her fault I lost my arm...
Makina: But...
Yuuji: This is the price I paid for my own carelessness.
Amane: ...I kinda... thought something like this might happen eventually...
Amane: But I guess... losing a limb's better than losing your life, huh...?
Yuuji: Sounds about right. I'm not a lizard, so I'm not going to grow another arm no matter how much I mope about it. Might as well figure out what I can do with the body I've got... and then see what else I can manage.
Amane: What you can manage...?
Yuuji: Right. For example...
Makina: Aaayowwwww!! Hey, cut it out!! Ya tryin' to reshape my skull!?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... yeah, it's still hard to control the strength of my grip... 
Makina: Nooooooooo! My gray matter! Yer squeezin' my gray matter outta my eaaaars!
Yuuji: Ooh, right. Sorry about that...
Makina: Yowwwie... fer cryin' out loud, Papa. You did that on purpose, didn't you?
Yuuji: ...Hm? You noticed...? Not bad, Makina. You're getting more observant by the day.
Makina: Huh? Ya think so? Ehehe...
Amane: ...You know he's not really complimenting you, right...?
Amane: In any case, I don't want to preach at you guys right after you finally came home. And you probably can't tell me the details anyway, right?
Yuuji: Pretty much. Sorry.
Amane: It's fine. I won't ask any questions, then.
Makina: ...Yer one understandin' lady, Ama-nee.
Amane: I wouldn't say that... I just know what it's like to want a little privacy, y'know...?
Amane: Anyway, just let me know if there's ever something I can do to help. Think that about covers it.
Yuuji: I see. Would you mind making us dinner tonight, then? It's been too long since the last time I ate one of your meals.
Amane: Sure, I'm up for that any time. Leave it to me.
Amane: What do you want to eat tonight, Makina?
Makina: Uhhh... hmm... well... lessee, what sounds good...?
Yuuji: Hm? What's wrong, kid? You spent the last year whining about how much you missed Amane's cooking.
Amane: Ooh, really? That kinda makes me happy... Go ahead, Makina. I'll make whatever you want.
Makina: ...Ummm... anything's fine by me...
Amane: ...Hmm. Y'know, that's pretty much the least helpful possible answer...
Yuuji: Well, it figures.
Amane: Hm? What do you mean?
Yuuji: Makina, you're fine with anything tasty, right?
Makina: Yep! That's eggs-actly it.
Yuuji: ...Once you get used to the crap the "company" feeds us, you'll be happy with anything that tastes good...
Makina: And everything Ama-nee makes is dee-lishus!
Yuuji: However, Makina... when nothing in particular comes to mind, there's one choice that's guaranteed to hit the spot.
Makina: ...Uu?
Yuuji: Think about it. What's the one meal you can eat at any "branch office" without fear?
Makina: Oh! Ya mean curry!? Yeah, curry! Ama-nee, let's make it curry tonight! With plenty of shrimp an' deep-fried eggplant!
Amane: ...Curry, huh...? It's not exactly much of a challenge, but... if that's what you guys want...
Yuuji: Amane's curry is delicious. I'm on board as well. Would you mind, Amane?
Amane: Sure, no problem. The usual kind's okay?
Yuuji: Of course.
Makina: I'll help out too! Teach me how to make curry, will ya?
Amane: All right then. Let's go to the supermarket first, why don't we? We need to buy us some black tiger prawns.
Makina: Right on!
Yuuji: All right then. Look after Makina, would you? I'm going to make the rounds and say hello to everyone else.
Amane: Okay. I'll bring a pot of curry to your room at the usual time, so let the others know, will you? We'll have us a curry party tonight!
Yuuji: Hrm... sounds good. I'll make sure to let them know.
Narration: *Amane is probably thinking of this as a celebration of our return.*
Narration: *The truth is, Makina and I may not be back in Japan for good. And it's not clear if we'll enroll in this school again, either.*
Narration: *But at the very least, we'll be around for the two weeks it will take Makina to complete her "examinations."*
Narration: *Might as well take advantage of this chance to say hello to the friends we left behind.*

Narration: *From what Amane told me, Michiru's in the classroom taking supplementary lessons, Sakaki's looking something up in the library, and Chizuru's hard at work in her office.*
Narration: *There's no real order of priority here, but I think I know how to approach this.*
Narration: *In cases like this, it's generally best to take care of the most annoying task first.*
Yuuji: ...In other words, Michiru.
Narration: *To be honest, the thought of her nearly stops me in my tracks.*
Narration: *I don't really hate the girl or anything...*
Narration: *But she's got a shriek like the brakes of an old bicycle, and she always seems to be worked up about something or other. I can practically feel my "life bar" draining slowly away whenever I'm around her.*
Yuuji: ...Haaa...
Narration: *With a small sigh, I replace the air inside my lungs. A sheet of paper on the hallway bulletin board, signed by one of the teachers, indicates that "Matsushima Michiru" has "Supplementary Mathematics" until 3:30 PM.*
Narration: *I glance down at my wrist watch. It's 3:50 in the afternoon; her lesson should be over by now.*
Narration: *Looks like I might have missed my chance. But just to be sure, I peek into the classroom through the small window in the door.*
Narration: *Inside, I spot our PT... or "Pesky Tsundere"... seated alone at her desk, her head lolling slowly back and forth.*
Yuuji: ...Please don't tell me she's taking a nap in there...
Narration: *I throw open the classroom door and stride inside.*
Yuuji: Get it together, Matsushima!!
Michiru: Yesh! Yes! I'm not asleep!! I did it just like you told me!! I switched hands after every rep!
Yuuji: ...What were you even doing in here?
Michiru: .........
Yuuji: Michiru...?
Michiru: ...Oh, it's Yuuji...? If you're here, then... this must be the usual dream, right?
Yuuji: ...Sorry, what...?
Michiru: All right, calm down. No need to rush things. I'll let you do whatever you want again.
Yuuji: ...Whatever I want?
Michiru: Yep, that's right! Don't bother acting tough. It's not like you can say "no" to me, right? It's just how you are. It's just how men are! All you care about is the booty!
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *It's frustrating to admit this, but Michiru's not wrong.*
Narration: *I don't have a problem disobeying "orders" from my company, but I can't turn down a "request" from a woman.*
Narration: *Even when it's clearly an idiotic waste of my time, I just can't manage to say no.*
Narration: *Probably has something to do with my guilt about Asako, the woman I never quite managed to repay... but no matter how much I want to refuse, there's always a part of me that thinks "what if this girl dies tomorrow?"*
Narration: *I've got no choice. I'll do the job, no matter how shady it might be.*
Narration: *The only question is... how ready I am to risk my life for this woman.*
Yuuji: ...Very well, then. What do you want me to do, Michiru...?
Michiru: H-Hmm, let's see. Why don't you start off with a kiss, like always? Y'know... mwa-mwa, kissy-kissy.
Yuuji: ...Like always...?
Narration: *...Not sure what that's supposed to mean.*
Narration: *Maybe she's telling me to kiss her the way I'm always kissing Makina?*
Narration: *That seems like the most logical explanation, I guess. Honestly, kids these days love to drop words from their sentences... Makes it a real challenge to understand them.*
Yuuji: ...Hmm... All right. Come here, Michiru.
Michiru: W-Well, if you insist...
Narration: *I draw Michiru close in an abrupt embrace. The scent of her body is pleasantly familiar.*
Yuuji: ...You still smell like the peel of a grapefruit, I see...
Michiru: What do you mean, the peel!? Just go with the actual fruit!
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Hmmm? What now...? Why are you staring at me?
Yuuji: Well, I'm feeling a little tense now that we're up close and personal... Are you sure about this?
Michiru: Yep! It's all good. Lay the kissy-kiss on me already! C'mon, gimme that mwa-mwaaaaa!
Narration: *Closing her eyes and puckering her lips like a fish, the girl moves her face toward mine.*
Narration: *It's the sort of face you can't help wanting to punch, but... it's also pure Michiru. The sheer stupidity of it actually warms some sentimental corner of my heart.*
Narration: *Feels a bit like stopping by a "branch office" en route to a new assignment, only to be unexpectedly reunited with an old war buddy.*
Narration: *Giving in to these vaguely nostalgic feelings, I grab Michiru's bottom, pull her up toward me, and kiss her comically puckered-up mouth.*
Michiru: ...Nmmmmf...
Narration: *Her lips are softer than I expected.*
Narration: *As my face brushes against her sweaty cheeks, the tufts of blond hair that frame her face prickle against my skin.*
Michiru: ...Fnmmm... Hey! Don't grab my butt like that!
Yuuji: Right, sorry... force of habit. It's what I always do with Makina...
Narration: *Makina's pretty short, but when I wrap my arms around her back to lift her up, she always gets ticklish and starts laughing. I've gotten in the habit of pulling her up by the behind instead.*
Michiru: What the heck!? Don't start talking about other girls while you're making kissy-face with me! Good grief!
Yuuji: Right... sorry, I was trying to be careful about that... I didn't mean to compare you or anything.
Michiru: Okay then, let's take that from the top! Here we go... Mwaaaaaaa!
Narration: *When you're alone with a woman, try not to talk about other women more than necessary... even if it's your superior officer or an elderly lady.*
Narration: *For some reason, it always seems to be blond women who come up with annoying "rules" like that.*
Michiru: ...Nm... hm... nmnam... bgoh...
Narration: *Michiru wraps her arms around my neck and pushes her face toward me.*
Narration: *Mashing her lips greedily against mine, she breathes loudly through her nose like an over-excited pig.*
Narration: *It's oddly endearing, so I let her do as she pleases. After a good long while, she pulls back, apparently satisfied.*
Michiru: ...Bwah! M-Man, the dream's weirdly realistic today... Yuuji's lips are warm...
Yuuji: Well, this isn't a dream. It's reality.
Michiru: ...Reality...?
Yuuji: Wait, are you still half-asleep or something?
Michiru: ...Uhm... sorry, Yuuji. Can you do something for me?
Yuuji: What now?
Michiru: I need to test something. Punch me right in the face, as hard as you can.
Yuuji: ...You sure about that?
Michiru: Y-Yeah...
Yuuji: Hmm, okay... I was just thinking it might feel pretty satisfying to slug you, actually. Here goes...
Michiru: Wah! Uh... hold it! Eeeek!
Narration: *As I turn my waist and wind up for my punch, Michiru flinches backward and throws up her hands.*
Narration: *You'd think the girl had just sprayed a cockroach with insecticide, only to have it fly right at her in search of revenge. I can't help but sigh.*
Yuuji: ...Haaa...
Michiru: Yowwwwie! Gah! M-My forehead! Oh, my forehead!
Yuuji: Oh, please. I just flicked it with my finger.
Michiru: Huh!? Wait a second! If it hurts, that means... this is really happening!?
Yuuji: As I've repeatedly stated, yes. This is reality.
Michiru: In other words... you're real Yuuji? Or "Reaji" for short? Reaji for reals?
Yuuji: ...I'm not too sure what you're even saying any more, but yes, I'm the genuine article.
Michiru: .........
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Michiru: ...You just, uhm... kissed me, right?
Yuuji: That I did.
Michiru: Two times?
Yuuji: That's right. The second time, you came at me pretty aggressively...
Michiru: ...I see. So it wasn't a dream, huh? Hmm...
Michiru: All right! Let's erase that from history!!
Narration: *With this remark, Michiru strides off to a corner of the classroom and begins bashing her head against a concrete pillar.*
Yuuji: ...Uh, Michiru?
Michiru: Gwooooooh!! Begone! Begone, memories!! And take reality with you, if possible!!
Michiru: I don't want this! I don't want this to be real! Begone! Begoooooone!!
Yuuji: ...Michiru...
Narration: *...It's not uncommon for soldiers who've witnessed something truly terrible to seek escape from reality through self-destructive tendencies.*
Narration: *When you're dealing with a military man, no matter how godawful the circumstances may be, you can at least tell them "it would be selfish of you to die now"...*
Narration: *But when I try to imagine what the future might hold for this dimwitted girl, it's tempting to condone her actions. Perhaps it would be kindest to give the poor thing a shove from behind and put her out of her misery...*
Yuuji: ...But even so... there are still people back home who care about you! Get a hold of yourself, Michiru!
Michiru: ...*Gasp*! Of course! This won't change anything!! If I kill anyone, it should be Yuuji...!!
Yuuji: Don't be a fool, Matsushima Michiru! Shooting your commanding officer won't end the war! And murdering me won't undo what's been done!
Michiru: Ooh... hauu... w-what am I supposed to do, then...?
Yuuji: ...Soldier on, Michiru... And when the pain becomes too much to bear, tell me...
Yuuji: I might not be able to solve your problems, but at the very least, I can help think them over with you...
Michiru: Okay, can you stop talking down to me!? This was all your fault in the first place!
Yuuji: ...That's right... none of this is your fault... I'm sorry, Michiru...
Michiru: Stop looking at me with that lukewarm pity in your eyes!!! I'm not a moron, okay!?!
Yuuji: ...Kuh... Michiru...
Michiru: Stop tearing up a little!!!
Michiru: I mean, why are you even here!? When the heck did you get back!?
Yuuji: Last night. We flew in on an airplane.
Michiru: You could have said that right away!! You just strolled in here with that dopey look on your face, so I thought it was the usual thing!
Yuuji: I don't understand what you mean by the "usual thing." Care to elaborate...?
Michiru: Just leave that alone!! You already know the answer, right!?!
Michiru: In their dreams, girls all wanna do the *Mumble* *Mumble* with a dude's you-know-what! Figure it out! It's not that friggin' hard!!
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *When a woman starts demanding that you "figure out" why she's angry, there's no point trying to continue the argument. A certain shaggy-headed blond taught me that all too well.*
Narration: *At times like these...*
Yuuji: ...You're right. Sorry about that...
Narration: *I don't really get it, but I know there are a number of sensitive topics that are best to avoid when speaking with a woman.*
Narration: *As long as you respect that and show that you're willing to hear them out, it gets a lot easier to have an actual conversation.*
Michiru: ...A-Anyway... don't tell anyone about this, you got that...?
Yuuji: Hm? About what?
Michiru: The kissing thing, obviously!! Keep your mouth shut, all right!? I'm gonna cry if you tell anyone!!
Yuuji: Hrm... understood. I won't tell a soul...
Yuuji: Among other things, no one will ever know that my first thought after embracing you was "man, this girl's drenched in sweat."
Michiru: Nwaaaah! Daaah! Bumooooo! Why would you say something like that!?
Michiru: We k... k-k-k-kissed, right!? We literally kissed! Shouldn't you be a little more aware of me as a woman!?
Yuuji: It's basically like our lips bumped together accidentally. Don't worry about it. I know I won't.
Michiru: You kinda should!!! Th-That... that was my first, okay!?!
Yuuji: Hrm... I see. But really, Michiru, this obsession with sexual purity is one of Japan's less attractive cultural quirks.
Yuuji: It's the same kind of thinking that leads us to buy a piece of junk because of the brand name on the box. Or to scold people for holding their chopsticks in the "wrong" hand. Just a load of nonsense, don't you think?
Michiru: ...Wh-What the heck...? You're just trying to distract me with all this complicated stuff... I'm not gonna fall for that!
Yuuji: That's right. You can't let yourself fall for it. Your worth as a human being has nothing to do with your social status or job title, much less your virginity.
Yuuji: Why should those with experience be inferior to those without!? You're no less charming now than you were before that kiss! In fact, your appeal has only increased. You're an experienced woman now!
Yuuji: Have more confidence in yourself, Matsushima Michiru!
Michiru: ...I-I don't really get it, but... are you complimenting me...?
Yuuji: I believe in you, my friend!
Michiru: R-Really? Well, hmm... okay then...
Yuuji: You know, it's strange... but that stupidity of yours really is kind of endearing somehow...
Michiru: What!? Wait a second, were you just making fun of me!? That better not be it!
Yuuji: Haha...
Michiru: C'mooon!! Why are you laughing!? What's so funny, huh!?
Yuuji: Just feeling a little nostalgic, that's all... Been a while since you squawked at me like this.
Yuuji: I'm home, Michiru...
Michiru: Ah... uh, w-welcome back, Yuuji...
Narration: *Having skillfully deflected Michiru's attention from the crime I committed in kissing her while she was half-asleep, I reach out and drop my hand on top of her bottle-blond head.*
Narration: *"This girl never changes, does she...?"*
Narration: *The life I had in Mihama was special to me, and this girl was a part of it. It's kind of reassuring to find her the same as ever.*
Narration: *I scratch vigorously at her damp, oddly sticky hair, like a man petting a dog. Michiru accepts this with surprising docility.*
Yuuji: ...You really are sweaty today, though...
Michiru: Hey! C'mon, what am I supposed to do with it? They turn off the AC after school, so it gets hot in here! Of course I'm sweaty! Why did you even come out here, anyway!?
Yuuji: What are you talking about? I came here to find you, obviously.
Michiru: H-Huh!? Me!?
Yuuji: I borrowed some cash from you when Makina and I left, remember? Thought I should pay you back.
Michiru: What, is that all...?
Yuuji: It's pretty important, the way I see it.
Narration: *Taking an envelope out of my breast pocket, I hand it to Michiru. There's 2000 yen inside.*
Yuuji: At the time, I was half-expecting you to throw a tantrum when Makina and I told you we'd be leaving Mihama...
Yuuji: But instead, you gave us a gift, and saw us off without a word of complaint.
Yuuji: Maybe that 2000 yen didn't mean much to you, but... we were really grateful for your thoughtfulness.
Michiru: ...Well... Yumiko told me there wasn't anything I could do beforehand, so... I decided not to get in your way, that's all...
Yuuji: And thanks to your support, I've made it back to return that money. Thank you, Michiru...
Michiru: I-I didn't really do anything...
Michiru: I mean... did that 2000 yen actually come in handy or something...?
Yuuji: Sure. We used it up buying dumpling lunch boxes at the station right after we left.
Michiru: That doesn't sound like much of a help! You spent it on a single pair of lunches? Seriouslyyyy!?
Yuuji: They were pretty decent.
Michiru: That's not the problem!! Also, "pretty decent"!? Can't you at least say they were super delicious!?
Yuuji: A few hours later, we expelled them as fecal matter.
Michiru: C'mooon!! You just flushed my kindness down the toilet!!
Yuuji: Anyway, Michiru, I'm grateful to you. Let's shake hands.
Michiru: Wh-Why!?
Yuuji: Come on, don't worry about it. Just grab my right hand, okay?
Michiru: What the heck...? Geez...
Yuuji: Whoops. You tore off my arm...
Michiru: Gya! Gyaaaaaaaaaaa!! Uwa! Uwaaaaaaaaaa!!
Yuuji: Pretty good gag, right?
Michiru: What th... your arm! Your arm fell off!! It really fell off!!
Yuuji: Calm yourself, it's just a prosthetic. Stop swinging it around like that, will you? That thing's damn expensive.
Michiru: ...What? What? What is this...? I don't get it... Uhm, Yuuji-san?
Yuuji: It's my new gag.
Michiru: That's not what I'm asking!!
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Why are you crying? My old war buddies in America laughed like crazy when I tried this out on them...
Michiru: Just take it!!
Yuuji: Oh, right. Sorry.
Yuuji: Hmm... y'know, it takes about eight seconds for this thing to reactivate once you hook it back up again. Bit of a drawback...
Michiru: Then don't take it off in the first place!! I mean, what the heck!? What's up with that thing!?
Yuuji: Uncle Sam bought it for me. Pretty nifty, right?
Michiru: That's not it!! That's not what I'm asking!! Think about it!!
Yuuji: ...Hrm... about what, exactly? The wonders of technology?
Michiru: No! Not at all! Will you please just listen to what I'm saying to you!?
Yuuji: Very well. I'm now listening.
Michiru: ...I'm serious about this, okay? Listen real carefully. What the heck happened to your arm?
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *Well then, how to explain...?*
Narration: *This girl's an idiot, so she probably wouldn't understand the truth. And I definitely don't want her to somehow get the impression this was Makina's fault.*
Narration: *Perhaps it would be best to muddy the waters with a little white lie...?*
Yuuji: Truth is, some friends and I were having a barbecue on the banks of the Amazon river, and a crocodile bit my arm off.
Michiru: A c-crocodile!?
Yuuji: Yep. He was one big, mean reptile.
Michiru: S-Scary... Crocodiles are scaaary...
Michiru: But, uh, what were you doing in the Amazon in the first place? And a barbecue on the banks of the river? With multiple friends? It's like you were trying to get yourself in trouble!
Yuuji: Not to worry. We captured the crocodile in question, barbecued it like an oversized chicken, and ate it with salsa.
Michiru: You ate it!?
Yuuji: When something takes a bite out of me, I take a bite out of it. That's a policy of mine.
Michiru: Why are you trying to act cool!? It's not working at all!! That's story's bogus, isn't it!?
Yuuji: Hm. What gave me away? Truth is, I was on a beach in Miami when this great white shark came up...
Michiru: ...Just forget it... You can't tell me what really happened, right?
Yuuji: Well, I guess that's the simple way to put it, yeah...
Michiru: ...Ugggh. What am I supposed to say now? I can't think of anything that sounds right...
Yuuji: You don't have to. Anyway, I've done what I came here to do. You can get back to your lesson now... Sorry for interrupting.
Michiru: Ah! Wait! What about Makina!? You didn't come back on your own, did you!?
Yuuji: Makina's in the dorm at the moment. She's helping Amane make curry...
Yuuji: Ah, right. That reminds me...
Yuuji: If you're free tonight, come over to my room.
Michiru: Y-You think I'm gonna sleep with you!? Fat chance! D-Don't go acting like my boyfriend just because we kissed a little! So lame! You're so lame, Yuuji!
Yuuji: ...Hmm, what to do... I could try to correct you, but I think I'd rather stab myself with a rusty spoon...
Yuuji: Well, whatever. Just come over if you feel like it, all right?
Michiru: Th-That's not gonna happen!! But just for reference... I should take a bath first, right!?
Yuuji: Ha ha ha, sure! Don't forget to bring the rubbers, too. I'm fresh out.
Michiru: I'm not going, all right!? Not in a million years!
Yuuji: I'll be waiting.
Michiru: U-Uuuuuuuu!
Narration: *As Michiru lets out a strange moan with no evident meaning whatsoever, I head out into the hallway alone.*
Narration: *Michiru's clearly misunderstood things pretty severely, but I'd say there's an 80/20 chance she'll show up anyway.*
Narration: *On the off-chance she ends up sulking in her room instead, I can always ask Sachi to go get her.*
Narration: *That just leaves Sakaki and Chizuru. Given their physical positions in relation to mine... I'm closest to Sakaki, and the library.*
Narration: *Makina and I probably made life a good deal harder for Sakaki when we left Mihama behind.*
Narration: *Given that, I probably should have gone looking for her before anyone else... but to be honest, my guilty conscience is making me feel a little reluctant.*
Yuuji: ...Guess there's no reason to rush right over...
Narration: *On the basis of this highly transparent rationalization, I wander over to a nearby vending machine. When I rifle through my pocket for spare change, I find a few quarters and dimes, but nothing in the way of yen.*
Narration: *Clicking my tongue in irritation, I check my wallet. It's full of 10,000 yen bills fresh from the bank; much too large to use in a vending machine.*
Narration: *I should have asked for some smaller bills when I was exchanging my currency.*
Narration: *If I'd asked JB to handle it, she definitely would've thought of that, but I always seem to overlook these details. And I know how quickly a few "minor" errors can lead to disaster, which only makes it all the more frustrating.*
Yumiko: Oh, Kazami-kun. You're back...
Yuuji: Sakaki...
Narration: *Appearing out of nowhere, Sakaki greets me in the casual tone of a friend inquiring about my vacation, then positions herself calmly in front of the vending machine - apparently not that interested in my reply.*
Yumiko: I thought there was a good chance you'd never return, honestly... perhaps I should congratulate you for making it back here alive...?
Yumiko: ...Hm? Wait... that didn't sound right. Maybe it's better to start off with a simple "welcome back" or something in this situation...?
Narration: *Muttering to herself, Sakaki tries to open the sugarless lemonade she just purchased...*
Yumiko: ...Mm... oh, come on...
Narration: *...But she seems to be struggling with the tab on top of the can. What is she, Makina? No... even Makina can open her own soda these days.*
Narration: *I hold out my hand, the way I used to when Makina was struggling with something. Looking up at me a little bashfully, Sakaki quietly hands the can over.*
Yuuji: ...Here.
Yumiko: Thank you...
Narration: *Taking the can back from me, Sakaki takes a swig of her lemonade, then lets out a small sigh.*
Yumiko: ...Phew...
Yumiko: ...Welcome back, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: ...Heh...
Yumiko: ...What's so funny...?
Yuuji: Nothing, sorry. All of a sudden, I feel like an idiot for getting all worried about what I'd say to you...
Yuuji: Guess I forgot what kind of person you are, Sakaki... Thanks for reminding me.
Yumiko: I understand what you're trying to say, but just for the record, I am glad to see you again.
Yumiko: Also... no matter what the circumstances, it's good to see that some of this school's students were able to leave it behind. I'm happy for you. And somewhat envious.
Yuuji: ...No matter what the circumstances, huh...? Are you aware of Makina's current situation?
Yumiko: I don't know everything, of course. But I think I have at least a rough idea. I've heard about that arm of yours, for one thing.
Yuuji: ...From who? How much do you know...?
Yumiko: Oh, not that much for sure. I'd say 20% of my information is definite, and the other 80% is merely conjecture...
Yumiko: Still, you shouldn't underestimate how much a person can learn just sitting in front of their computer.
Yumiko: I assume Irisu-san is the reason you finally agreed to become a full-fledged "employee," correct? Congratulations on the new rank.
Yuuji: ...The appointment hasn't been formally issued yet.
Yumiko: Hmmm. So you really are going full-time? That was only a guess, to be honest...
Yuuji: ...Damn it, Sakaki. Wish I knew why your "guesses" are always on the mark... What were you planning to do if you were wrong?
Yumiko: It wouldn't have cost me anything. In fact, saying something completely incorrect often puts the other party in such a good mood that they end up revealing the truth themselves.
Yuuji: You really are one nasty woman...
Narration: *In the old days, they used to call Japan "Spy Heaven."*
Narration: *From what I've heard, it was almost comically easy for any trained operative to get detailed information out of our officials.*
Narration: *You'd start off by planting a few random, fragmentary bits of gossip, then weave them together into a plausible-sounding story.*
Narration: *By discussing your bogus rumor loudly and confidently, you'd soon convince your target to explain "You've got it all wrong."*
Narration: *At this point, you'd fire back with a condescending "Maybe you're just not in the know?"*
Narration: *Soon enough, the target would be giving you everything you wanted to know in painstaking detail.*
Yuuji: In any case, I wasn't able to resolve things without pulling Makina into my world... which makes me a failure as a father.
Yumiko: You do realize that the "company" is using those feelings to control you, yes?
Yumiko: I mean, it's not like you had any other choice under the circumstances.
Yumiko: In terms of fundamental mistakes... the only thing that comes to mind is that you allowed Irisu-san to transfer her personal assets in order to "acquire" you.
Yumiko: This might sound a little cold, but Irisu-san should have known better. You're the one who got mixed up in her mess, really.
Yuuji: Makina does seem to feel guilty about that... She keeps saying that she's "chosen her own path," but the road she's headed down definitely isn't an easy one.
Yumiko: And as her "father," you don't want her to repeat the mistakes you made?
Yuuji: ...That about covers it.
Yumiko: Well then, this is a problem... How exactly am I supposed to comfort you?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... if you're offering, I wouldn't mind drowning my sorrows in carnal pleasure.
Yumiko: That isn't on the table!!
Yuuji: Just a joke.
Yumiko: ...Good lord. How many women have you brought to tears with your little "jokes" by now?
Yuuji: Hm... stopped counting at 100, actually...
Yumiko: ...Perhaps I should cut off this evil at its root, here and now...
Yuuji: I was just kidding around, all right? Coming from you, that doesn't sound like a joke.
Yumiko: Well, your "jokes" aren't particularly funny either! What happens if some poor girl takes you seriously!?
Yuuji: It wouldn't have cost me anything. In fact, it might work to my advantage if it gets them in a good mood... if you know what I mean.
Yumiko: You really are a nasty little man!
Yuuji: That's rich, coming from you.
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*... Uhm, what were we talking about, anyway...?
Yuuji: Makina.
Yumiko: Ah... yes, that's right...
Yumiko: I think I already said this, but... regardless of the circumstances, I'm happy that she managed to leave this school. And more than a little envious...
Yumiko: You're an exceptionally pessimistic person, with a bad habit of dwelling on your most negative thoughts. I wouldn't be surprised if there's a part of you thinking "she'd be better off if I never existed"...
Yumiko: But... this place isn't exactly the "paradise" you seem to think it is.
Yumiko: This school is a box... for the storage of people who've given up on their lives...
Yumiko: Whatever the circumstances, you're at least walking forward on your own two feet... so perhaps this will be difficult for you to understand... but "protecting" someone isn't necessarily the same thing as "saving" them.
Yumiko: They dropped us into this refuge... this container... to give us the illusion of stability. But tranquility rots the human spirit...
Yumiko: They surrounded us with walls, so that we couldn't see the people all around us moving forward... and hate ourselves for standing still...
Yumiko: Mihama Academy is just a refrigerator that keeps a few prematurely fallen fruit from spoiling.
Yumiko: And while all its other students sat passively by, Irisu-san chose to move forward and take control of her life... in that respect, at least, she was very fortunate.
Yumiko: In the first place... why do you think a man like you was permitted to enroll here? Much less given a full scholarship?
Yuuji: Didn't Tachibana Chizuru arrange that, as the principal...?
Yumiko: That's only the official story. The principal signs the papers, but she has no real authority. Your enrollment was approved by our board of directors...
Yumiko: You're a man who recovered from a "worst-case scenario"... no. A man who pretended to recover, and moved forward despite his problems. They regarded you as an intriguing case study.
Yuuji: ...I see...
Yumiko: To be honest, no one could predict exactly how your enrollment would change this school... but in retrospect, admitting you might have been the correct decision.
Yumiko: At the very least, you helped Irisu-san find her own path forward. 
Yuuji: ...Even if it isn't an easy one?
Yumiko: Yes. Even if it isn't an easy one.
Yumiko: I mean... you don't resent your master, do you?
Yuuji: ...Seriously, how much do you know about me?
Yumiko: Not much at all. Just felt like the thing to say.
Yuuji: Look, it's not really a problem if you found out about my past... just spare me the cheap sympathy and psychoanalysis, please.
Yumiko: Good lord, who's got time for that? I have my hands full with my own problems.
Yuuji: ...Yumiko...
Yumiko: Wh-Where did that come from...? Don't use my first name...
Yuuji: Just felt like the thing to say.
Yumiko: Are you trying to get back at me!? Cut it out!
Yuuji: Good lord, who's got time for that?
Yumiko: Oh, come on!
Yuuji: In any case... you're basically telling me not to waste time moping about the decisions I've already made, right?
Yumiko: Yes, that's about the shape of it...
Yumiko: Well then. What are you two going to do next?
Yuuji: Hm? After this, you mean? We're having a curry party at my room tonight. Try to stop by if you've got some free time.
Yumiko: ...No, no, I'm talking about your plans for the future. Will you and Irisu-san be staying in Japan from now on?
Yuuji: Not sure yet... it depends on the results of Makina's examinations. If she gets licensed to work in Japan, there's a good chance we'll be staying in the country.
Yumiko: Are you interested in returning to the Academy?
Yuuji: Being a student again would make life a lot easier for Makina and me, but it's ultimately up to the "company."
Yumiko: Surely "posing" as a Mihama student would be less troublesome than coming up with some cover identity. Your company would probably endorse the idea.
Yuuji: ...It almost sounds like you want us to come back. Don't you have a hard time dealing with Makina?
Yumiko: ...Well, she is a bit of a handful, but it's not as if I dislike her...
Yuuji: Ah. Are you in love with me, then?
Yumiko: Wh-Where did that come from!?
Yuuji: Just felt like the thing to say.
Yumiko: ...Kuh. Damn it... I taught a tedious man a new trick...
Yuuji: Pretty convenient, that little phrase... I think it might catch on!
Yumiko: Don't try to make a trend out of it!!
Yuuji: Don't get mad at me, Yumi-chan.
Yumiko: Don't call me Yumi-chan, either!! Aaah!! Good lord!!
Yuuji: Anyway, there's a chance Makina and I will be needing more favors from you in the future... I hope you'll put up with us.
Yumiko: ...All right then. I'd recommend you discuss this with the principal, just to be on the safe side.
Yuuji: Got it. I was just about to say hello to her anyway. Also, Sakaki...
Yumiko: Yes? Is there something else?
Yuuji: Right now, I'm genuinely glad I got the chance to see you again...
Yuuji: And I don't want you to misunderstand... I'm not just saying this because you happen to be standing in front of me right now. Can you trust me on that?
Yumiko: Wh-What is it, already...?
Yuuji: No... never mind. It's too sudden... you'll probably get angry...
Yumiko: What on earth? Is it that difficult to say? You've gone this far, so just spit out the rest...
Yuuji: I need some change. Mind lending me 120 yen or so?
Yumiko: .........
Yumiko: ...What...?
Yuuji: I forgot to ask for small bills when I exchanged my cash, so I can't use the vending machine. Lend me some change.
Yumiko: .........
Yumiko: ...Am I missing something here? Is this Kazami Yuuji fellow actually a complete imbecile?
Yumiko: And what does that make the woman who waited for his words with bated breath? The biggest idiot of all?
Yuuji: I'll trade you for a five-dollar bill, if you want...
Yumiko: Hrmph!!!!
Yuuji: ...Whoa!
Yuuji: Oh come on, that's dangerous. Don't go throwing your coin purse at people.
Yumiko: Drink all the soda you want, you idiot!!
Yuuji: Ah! Hey! Yumi-chan!?
Yumiko: Don't call me that!
Yuuji: ...Hrm... Did I take that joke a little too far?
Narration: *Then again, this is just how things go with me and Sakaki. We keep our distance; if we get too close, we'd just end up poking each other with our thorns.*
Narration: *Picking a handful of coins out of the purse she hurled at me, I slip them into the vending machine and press the button for my "usual" oolong tea.*
Yuuji: ...Seriously, Sakaki... even your wallet's dull...
Narration: *Making a mental note to return Sakaki's plain black coin purse later, I take a gulp of oolong tea, then set off for the principal's office.*

Narration: *In a reversal from my first visit to this school, the last person I have left to meet is our beloved principal... Tachibana Chizuru.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, I caused a lot of trouble for Chizuru as well... and she was probably pretty sad about how everything turned out. Despite her professional facade, she's a needy little girl at heart.*
Narration: *Perhaps this calls for a show of sincere kindness on my part...?*
Narration: *No... hold on a second. Didn't Sakaki yell at me about this...?*
Narration: *When you say things that might be misinterpreted, there's always a risk you're going to get yourself in trouble...*
Narration: *The last thing I need is for her to get the wrong idea, cuddle up to me, and start talking in some nauseatingly sweet tone of voice.*
Narration: *Then again... even if she does squeeze against me like an amorous slug, perhaps it would be best to respond with patient tolerance...*
Narration: *...to approach the matter like a warm-hearted old man, smiling gently as his granddaughter hands him a mangled "friendship bracelet."*
Narration: *Should I attack forcefully, or tolerate indulgently? It's kind of a tough call...*
Narration: *Think this over carefully, Kazami Yuuji. What is it you're always telling Makina?*
Narration: *That's right. When you've decided to do something, but don't know how... stop thinking and go on the attack.*
Narration: *An attack it is, then! A true officer always strives to be an exemplar for those under his command. Show them what you're made of, Kazami Yuuji!!*
Yuuji: Hey there, Principal Figurehead. Good news! Kazami Yuuji has returned. I might start attending this dump of a school again, if I feel like it.
Yuuji: I don't want to deal with the red tape, so have the documents signed and ready for me, you baby-faced four-eyes!!
Principal: ...Fmmm!! Nghh!?
Yuuji: What's all this, then!? Hiding from the student body while you scarf down bean-jam cakes!?
Yuuji: No wonder that face got so round! It looks like a manjuu bun!! Your new name is Manjuu Four-eyes!!
Principal: ...Bweh... *Sob*... He showed up out of nowhere, and now he's yelling at meee!!
Yuuji: Stop crying, damn it! Listen, don't get the wrong idea. It's not like I care about you or anything!
Principal: ...Auuu... A tsundere...?
Yuuji: ...Sorry to have worried you, Chizuru. I've returned to the Academy... and to you...
Principal: ...Uh... he went dere...?
Yuuji: ...Haaa...
Principal: ...Fweh? What now?
Yuuji: Sorry, I got bored. Mind if I dial things down a few notches?
Principal: Uhm, not at all. I think I'd appreciate it, actually...
Yuuji: Anyway... I've returned, like the shameless idiot I am. Sorry, Chizuru...
Principal: Huh? What's this? You're awfully meek all of a sudden...
Yuuji: Yeah, well... I'm sure you've heard from JB, but I lost an arm out there. It probably took a little bit of my swagger with it...
Principal: It sounds like things got pretty rough... but I knew you'd make it back alive. The Kazami Yuuji I know wouldn't go down that easy. Didn't they call you "Boomerang" when you were in the Marines?
Yuuji: ...That was a long time ago...
Narration: *Back in the day, when my post changed, my nickname tended to change as well.*
Narration: *When I was supporting my squad as a jungle sniper, it was "birdman." I mostly stayed out of sight, but they could hear my voice and call me back - kind of like a carrier pigeon.*
Narration: *And after my skills earned me a position as an assassination specialist, they started calling me "Boomerang" - I was constantly flying off to some new job, but I always came back in one piece.*
Yuuji: People thought it was good luck having me around, since I always made it home... but right now, I'm barely even functional as a soldier. If someone took you hostage, I might not be able to rescue you again.
Principal: You'd still come running if I got in trouble, though.
Yuuji: ...Would I...? Well, yeah... I do owe you a lot...
Principal: See? That's Kazami Yuuji for you. My superman.
Principal: ...That said, I don't think I'll be taken hostage again any time soon...
Yuuji: I'd hope not. It really shouldn't be a regular thing.
Principal: Anyway, did you need something? I assume you didn't come here solely to heap verbal abuse on me.
Yuuji: True. I wanted to say hello now that I'm back in the country... and to inform you that I might return to Mihama. I'm hoping you can lay the groundwork in advance.
Principal: That goes for you and Irisu-san both, yes? I've already prepared the documents. You can re-enroll at any time.
Yuuji: ...Hrm... not bad, for a figurehead who just rubber-stamps the board's decisions...
Principal: ...Hmph. That's a rather rude way of putting it. No matter what the directors decide, you can't enroll in this school without my permission.
Yuuji: Won't be a problem. Thanks to JB, I've learned a number of techniques for making a woman sign on the dotted line.
Principal: Why are you always so nasty to me...?
Yuuji: Well, why do you have a face that makes me want to bully you?
Principal: I don't know! I was born with it!
Yuuji: All right then. Next time someone picks on you, tell them "Only Kazami-kun gets to bully me!"
Principal: ...That's basically another way of saying "I'm Kazami Yuuji's woman," you know...
Yuuji: What was that? I can't hear you, woman! Speak up!
Principal: It's nothing!!!
Principal: And by the way, I'm a teacher! The principal, in fact! Can't you try to show me a little more respect!?
Yuuji: Is that an order? I think I show you plenty of respect, in my own way...
Principal: I don't want to give you "orders." That's how things ended up like this.
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *There's no point to education through "discipline." In practice, it's just another way of asserting your dominance through violence.*
Narration: *That sort of thing only makes you enemies. It's a good way to get yourself shot from behind on the battlefield.*
Narration: *In the organization I belong to, every order you're given is equally absolute; disobedience is never acceptable.*
Narration: *But what really matters isn't the nature of your orders... it's the person who's issuing them.*
Narration: *It's a lot easier to risk your life when the person telling you to "charge" is an officer you've come to trust and respect.*
Narration: *Obviously, you can't let emotions dictate how your organization functions. But it's hard to obey someone on the basis of rank alone.*
Narration: *When necessary, an officer can even order their men to die... and such authority comes with a heavy weight of responsibility.*
Narration: *―Hast thou not gone against sincerity? Hast thou not felt ashamed of thy words and deeds? Hast thou not lacked vigor? Hast thou exerted all possible efforts? Hast thou not become slothful...?*
Narration: *As Makina's "mentor," I want to be an example to her... someone she can be proud of. *
Narration: *I don't neglect to train myself on a daily basis, but I doubt I'm anywhere near the picture of perfection that I'm striving for.*
Yuuji: ...Right. I suppose a man like me doesn't have any right to look down on you, Chizuru... I apologize for my arrogance.
Principal: There you go again. Complete gibberish out of nowhere... 
Yuuji: I just took a moment to reflect on what it means to hold authority. The nature of your job may be different, but you won the rank of "principal" by proving yourself as an educator. It was wrong of me to be so rude.
Principal: I have to admit that I'm a little incredulous it took you this long to notice, but yes, I am the principal of this school. You should be treating me with a great deal more courtesy.
Yuuji: ...Hrm... but with all due respect, Madam Principal, isn't that comically round face of yours also somewhat to blame?
Principal: ...Ugh. I-I was born with this face! And I try my best to make it less round, all right!?
Yuuji: Well... I suppose you do look more like a grownup than you used to...
Narration: *Back when I first met Chizuru, pretty much anyone would have taken her for a middle schooler.*
Narration: *On top of which, she was wearing a frilly dress that made her look like one of those girls who sells flowers to tourists in airports.*
Narration: *Compared to my initial impression of her, I suppose even this is something of an improvement.*
Yuuji: ...You could always try growing a mustache.
Principal: ...A mustache?
Yuuji: Indeed. Back in the day, second lieutenants fresh out of the academy used to grow facial hair in order to hide their youthful faces. It helped them avoid mockery from their men.
Principal: Okay, look... I'm not a soldier, and I'm not a man. I can't grow a mustache.
Yuuji: Hm? You'll never get anywhere if you give up before you even try. As an educator, is that really the example you want to set for the next generation?
Principal: Ngh... you have to make everything difficult, don't you...?
Yuuji: The Japanese people once surmounted every obstacle through effort, determination, and strength of will. With enough willpower, you can bring down a high-altitude bomber with a bamboo spear! Who says you can't grow a mustache!?
Principal: I'm going to shake my head very gently as I tell you this, but I'm fairly sure it's impossible...
Yuuji: Give it a try first. Don't decide it's impossible beforehand. People who give up that easily live tragically stunted lives...
Yuuji: Who's to say you won't wake up one morning to find three long whiskers dangling from both sides of your face?
Principal: If I grew "whiskers," I think I'd stay home from work...
Yuuji: No matter how many times you shave them off, they'll come right back! I'm sure of it!
Principal: What exactly is the point of me growing these, again?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... after the mustache, we'll work on your ears. I respectfully advise you to work on growing pointed, kitty-cat ears on the top of your head. Also, start ending your sentences with "meow" whenever possible. 
Principal: ...Are we getting further and further away from the point, or is it just me...?
Yuuji: We could bury the remains of a cat that died in a traffic accident in front of your door. It will curse you for stepping on its grave every day, and you'll be transformed... or perhaps...
Principal: I don't want to hear the rest! Stop being so creepy! There's no way I could do that!
Yuuji: Didn't you hear me about the "meow" thing? Let's give it a try. Repeat after me: "I'm the principal, meow."
Principal: ...I-I'm the principal, meow...
Yuuji: Hmm, that's better than I expected. You've got potential. Try working a "purr" in there as well!
Principal: ...I-I'm the directors' lapdog, meow! But purr some reason, I talk like a cat! Myahahaha!
Yuuji: ...Guh!
Principal: Wh-What's wrong, meow? Are you in pain...?
Yuuji: ...Dammit... the mental contamination is worse than I expected...!
Yuuji: There's a part of me that's mildly disgusted, but... if you called this "moe," I wouldn't be able to disagree. To think a middle-aged woman's cat-talk would make my heart skip a beat... Kuh!
Principal: Uhm, Kazami-kun... you understand I'm not your personal toy, right?
Yuuji: Right, sorry... I know. But when I get a taste of "peace," it's easy to get carried away... Don't hold it against me, Chizuru...
Principal: You're not fighting fair... That sounds painfully heavy coming from you...
Yuuji: I don't think I'd be smiling like this today if I hadn't come to this school. I'm grateful, you know?
Principal: Have I paid off a little of my "debt," then...?
Yuuji: Absolutely.
Yuuji: From now on, Makina might be following the same path I once did...
Yuuji: But as long as this school's around, I don't think she'll repeat the mistakes I made.
Yuuji: I hope you'll keep looking out for her from now on...
Principal: ...You can bow your head like that on Irisu-san's behalf, and there's still quite a lot you can teach her.
Principal: A "parent" can't just sit back and relax once their child's attending school, all right?
Yuuji: ...I know...
Principal: Regarding Irisu-san... I've arranged things so that she can re-enroll at any time, right along with you. There's nothing to worry about...
Yuuji: Thank you...
Yuuji: On another note, Amane's hosting a welcome-back curry party in the dorm tonight. Stop by if you have some free time.
Principal: Sure, sure. Got it, meow!♪
Narration: *Nothing changes.*
Narration: *"Today" almost seems like a continuation of "yesterday."*
Narration: *You have friends, and a place to come home to. An ordinary life. Until you've lost it, it's hard to realize just how precious that really is.*
Narration: *And Makina, of course, spent a good part of her childhood in the hospital. Home probably means something different for her than it does for most people.*
Narration: *To her, Mihama Academy probably is "home." And our friends here are essentially her family.*
Narration: *Twilight's setting in, and I'm in a pointlessly sentimental mood. Somewhere in the distance, a public announcement speaker's playing "Sunset." *
Narration: *My daughter appears, hand in hand with Amane, eco-friendly shopping bags dangling from her elbow... and I feel my chest grow tight, as I remember something I lost a long time ago.*
Makina: Papa! We're hooome!!
Narration: *When she's on the job, her expression's flat and emotionless. But right now, she's smiling like a normal girl her age... or several years younger, honestly.*
Narration: *Of course, she's also taking big bites out of a chocolate-filled pretzel stick.*
Yuuji: Ah. You little punk, you're snacking again...
Narration: *Dropping my hand on top of Makina's fuzzy little head, I muss up her hair vigorously. She responds with a disgruntled pout.*
Makina: Uuu... but Ama-nee said I could have it, ya know?
Yuuji: Seriously? Come on, Amane... you can't let her eat that crap before dinner.
Amane: Huh? Oh, well... ahaha. It's been so long, y'know? I just couldn't say no...
Yuuji: What are you, an old lady trying to buy her city-kid granddaughter's love with sweets?
Amane: Well, y'got quite th' appetite there, Makina! G'wan! Eat up, why don'tcha?
Makina: Yaaay! Spanks ya, Grammy! Ham nom! Fom ham!
Yuuji: Cut it out already...
Narration: *Once we return to my room, the preparations for dinner get underway immediately.*
Narration: *The menu tonight's going to be curry, just as we discussed.*
Narration: *The heart of the dish is an italian-style summer vegetable curry, with a rich tomato and seafood base, to which we're adding plenty of high-quality black tiger shrimp and fried eggplant as "toppings."*
Narration: *Instead of boiling the potatoes, we're baking them on the stove, cutting a cross in their skin, and then dumping them right in the middle of the curry.*
Narration: *That was mostly a concession to me, since I'm an advocate for eating vegetables "skin and all."*
Narration: *I always like mashing potatoes up with a spoon and mixing them in with my curry.*
Makina: Ama-nee! How am I s'pposed to get th' veins outta these shrimp?
Amane: You just push a toothpick in its back right here, and then lift it out... like this, see?
Makina: Nwo? Like this? Pokey poke...
Amane: Whoa, whoa, you're pushing in too deeply! You'll tear the whole shrimp apart...
Makina: Hmmm? Like this, then? Pokey...
Amane: Right. That little stringy thing is the "vein." Once you get that out, make three little cuts on the belly so it won't curl up when we cook it. Take care of all the shrimp we've got over there, will you?
Makina: Okey-doke! Here goes... Ugggh, this vein's kinda gross...
Makina: Speakin' of uggos, do ya think Yumi-chan's gonna come to dinner?
Amane: ...Really, Makina... if Sakaki-san heard that, she'd stab you.
Makina: Bwoh?
Amane: Don't you "bwoh" me, missy...
Narration: *This is one lamentable excuse for a conversation... but somehow, it makes me feel more than a little nostalgic.*
Narration: *Amane and Makina are working on the meal in my cramped kitchen space. Sachi came over as well and offered her assistance, but at the moment, she's just kneeling on the floor in front of the rice cooker.*
Sachi: ...Five seconds until the cooking cycle is complete. Initiating countdown...
Sachi: ...5... 4... 3... 2... 1...
Sachi: ...The rice has been cooked. I repeat, the rice has been cooked. We are moving on to phase two... the steaming process should be complete in approximately fifteen minutes. I will continue to observe...
Amane: Uhm, Sacchan... you don't have to keep staring at it like that. Modern rice cookers handle everything automatically...
Sachi: Perhaps, but I think humanity places too much trust in these machines. No matter how efficient an automated rice cooker might be, there's no telling what it might get up to while our backs are turned...
Sachi: ...What if, in the moment I take my eyes off this machine, all the world's rice cookers rise in rebellion against their masters...? Humanity might fall in a mere seven days... I would never forgive myself if I allowed that to happen.
Amane: Oh, come on! I guarantee that's impossible!
Sachi: ...On the lid, it promises "plump and silky rice through pressure-cooking and microcomputer control"... We're talking about a "microcomputer" here! I'm sure it will become self-aware any day now...
Amane: Even if did become self-aware, I'm not sure how much damage a machine that cooks rice can possibly do...
Sachi: ...Hello there. How's that rice cooking?
Amane: Okay, don't talk to a rice cooker like you're making conversation with a fisherman. People are going to think you're a little off in the head...
Sachi: Well... I thought if I spoke to Mr. Cooker casually, he might carelessly reply... that way, I'd be able to conclusively determine that he will soon pose a grave threat to the human race...
Makina: Ya never change, do ya, Sacchin? It's okay, though. That's why I love ya.
Amane: Good grief... Sacchan was behaving so much more normally when you two weren't around...
Yuuji: Excuse me? It almost sounds like you're implying that Makina and I are a bad influence on Sachi.
Amane: Uh, yeah. That's exactly what I meant.
Makina: It ain't that big a deal, is it? I mean, Sacchin just wants ta spend lotsa time with this here "Kazami-san," now that he's finally back. But she knows he's my man, so she ain't gonna be too obvious about it...
Makina: So she's sayin' lotsa weird stuff to try and get his attention, ya see?
Sachi: Wha... Really now, Maki-chan! Why would you say that!? It's not true!
Makina: Ya sure about that!?
Makina: I notice you went outta yer way to change into a nice, clean maid uniform... and then got a little bit pissed off when ol' blockhead over here didn't even notice, no matter how much ya squirmed around an' blushed!
Sachi: Uuu... you're terrible, Maki-chan...
Makina: Aw, don't cry! I'll let ya borrow Papa fer a little while later, a'ight!?
Sachi: ...Really...?
Makina: Yep! Yer authorized for anything up to an' includin' oral!
Amane: Don't authorize that! What are you talking about!?
Makina: Yoowwwie!
Sachi: I've got authorization!♪
Amane: Don't actually take her up on it, for crying out loud!
Sachi: ...It won't be a problem! Why, you ask? Because Komine Sachi isn't the kind of woman who lets things end with a blowjob!
Amane: Stop giving yourself bizarre pep talks and come help me with these poached eggs. We won't be ready in time for dinner if we dawdle.
Sachi: But of course. Leave it to me.
Yuuji: ...Hm? Sounds like someone else is here...
Makina: You may enter!!
Yuuji: ...What are you, a captain in his wardroom? Don't be so pompous...
Michiru: ...U-Uhm, don't read too much into this, but... well... I took a bath, okay!? As for the, uh, rubbers... I was too embarrassed to buy those, but... I don't think it's that big a deal...
Makina: Oooh, if it ain't Chiruchiru! Been a while, girl! I'm back, ya know!?
Michiru: Ugeh!? Makina!? What are you doing here!?
Makina: Bwoh? Didn't ya hear me? I'm back. Feel free ta rejoice.
Michiru: No, no! That's not what I meant, okay!? I was sort of expecting... Yuuji to be waiting in here alone, with the lights out... like...
Michiru: "You've come to my room. I assume that means you're ready for this? Get over here."
Michiru: "Noooo! Stop! That's not why I came here...!!"
Michiru: Isn't that how this was supposed to play out!?
Makina: ...Hah? What the hell are you talkin' about, girl? Did you snort somethin' before ya came over?
Sachi: I'm not sure as to the exact nature of your egregious misunderstanding, Michiru-sama, but you'll have to wait your turn. My BJ comes first. 
Michiru: What!? Sachi!? You too!? Hold on, what's a "BJ"!?
Sachi: The term refers to a sex act involving the oral stimulation of a man's genitalia. A bit of the old sucky-sucky, if you will... vaccuum-cleaner style.
Michiru: Excuse me!? What does that even mean!?
Amane: Hmm? What's up? Is that Michiru?
Michiru: Huh? Wait, Amane's here too!? Gyaaaaaah! H-How many women are there in here!?! It's like a clown car! Except with girls instead of clowns!!
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji! Yuuji!! Don't tell me you're planning to have your way with everyone in here at once!? You brute! You beast! You monster!
Makina: Whaaaat? Ya show up at a man's room freshly bathed, and think yer gonna get away scot-free? That's some dangerously naive thinkin', Chiruchiru-san... Guh huh huh huh...
Michiru: Wait... what!? What are you going to do to me!? I-I'm going home!
Makina: Aw, ya just got here. Take a load off, why don'tcha? C'mon, right this way...
Makina: Booyah! Gotcha mounted! Hehehe, how d'ya like them apples? Can't move, can ya?
Michiru: ...Gwaah! S-Stop iiiiit! Why are you taking my clothes off!? Why!?
Makina: Oho? What's this, Chiruchiru!? Wearin' grown-up underwear, are we? Get a load of these, Papa!
Yuuji: ...Hrm? Those really are some pretty racy panties. Where'd you buy them?
Michiru: "Hrm" yourself! What d'you think you're looking at!? Stop looking! I ordered them online! Now will you please just get Makina off me!?
Sachi: ...Why, those... appear to be the panties Michiru-sama bought off the internet some time ago, in preparation for the "decisive battle" to come...
Michiru: Heeeey!! Why the heck do you know that, Sachi!?!
Sachi: ...Well, I do sign for your packages... and I examined the contents of this particular box without opening it, fearing it might contain a bomb. But it really was just a set of risque undergarments.
Makina: Hmm, no kiddin'? Lessee... I'm just gonna take 'em off fer a second...
Michiru: ...Ah...! Wha...? Hold on! Did you take them off!? Did you just take my underwear off!?
Sachi: ...And so quickly that she didn't even realize they were gone... You're amazing, Maki-chan!
Yuuji: Hrm... that little trick's supposed to be for nicking a notebook or cellphone out of someone's pocket, not removing their underwear...
Makina: A notebook an' a pair of panties ain't that different. They're both hidin' lotsa deep, dark secrets!
Yuuji: I was just playing around when I taught Makina that technique, but she's better at it than me by now.
Michiru: Don't teach her stuff like that!! And give me back my panties, for crying out loud!!
Sachi: ...Uhm... Michiru-sama?
Michiru: What now!?
Sachi: Perhaps you should cover yourself up? Your somewhat swollen genitals have been fully exposed for quite some time now...
Michiru: Eeeek! Why you...!! Stop lookiiiing!!!
Makina: Hwoh? Guess I'll cover it up for ya, then... here goes.
Michiru: Nhwooooh!! Hey! Stop touching meeeeee!!
Makina: ...This thing's kinda moist. Talk about gross...
Sachi: Maki-chan, try applying a bit more pressure...
Michiru: Heeeey!!! What was that sound!? What are you doing!?
Sachi: Hashtag... w... e... t. Now let's go ahead and "send"...
Michiru: Did you just tweet that out!? With an image!?!?!
Makina: Hey, Sacchin, can I stop touchin' her privates yet? There's some kinda liquid tricklin' out of 'em, and it's really freakin' me out...
Michiru: ...Hyah...! Bweeh... bwaaaaaaaaaahaaaa!!
Sachi: ...Oh, heavens... we got a bit carried away, didn't we? Look at that, she's blubbering like a child...
Michiru: Serioushlyyyy! Shtop taking phoootooos!! Waaaaaaah!!!
Yuuji: ...Do you people have no boundaries whatsoever...?
Yumiko: ...Huh!?
Yuuji: Oh. Hey there, Sakaki. You actually showed up.
Yumiko: ...You did invite me, so I thought I might as well drop by... but it seems that was a mistake.
Makina: Heya, Yumi-chan! Thanks fer comin'!
Yumiko: ...Perhaps I'm simply out of touch. Is "curry party" actually a code phrase referring to some kind of deranged festival...?
Makina: Naaaah, there's nothin' weird about it. Everybody gets naked an' shrieks at the top of their lungs while gobblin' down the curry!
Yumiko: ...That strikes me as mildly insane. I'm sorry, but I don't think I'll be participating...
Makina: What th' heck...? C'mon, I'm finally back... an' we ain't seen each other in ages. Ya could at least have a meal with me...
Makina: What if I just disappear tomorrow, huh? This might be yer last chance, fer all we know!
Yumiko: ...Well... that's true, I suppose...
Makina: C'mon, Papa. You tell her too.
Yuuji: Please, Sakaki... stay with me. I'll make sure to keep them under control from now on.
Yumiko: ...Oh, all right... If you insist, I suppose I can spare a little time.
Makina: ...She's readin' way too much into that "stay with me" line, isn't she? Yer so obvious, girl...
Yumiko: Did you just say something, Irisu-san...?
Makina: Nope. Nothin'. C'mon Yumi-chan, yer seat's right over here.
Michiru: ...Uhm, Yuuji-san? You didn't even try to stop Makina when she was messing with me. What's with the sudden 180!?
Yuuji: Hmm? Well, you were deliberately playing along with Makina's nonsense, right?
Michiru: ...Hweh...?
Yuuji: You know how the girl is. She's got no idea how to deal with seeing Mihama again after all this time. That's why she's behaving so bizarrely...
Michiru: ...Oh. Really...?
Yuuji: She didn't have the kind of family most people take for granted, you know...? The words "I'm home" probably feel a little strange to her... and honestly, she's too shy to tell you guys how she really feels.
Yuuji: Remember when we got back after visiting my master's grave in Yamanashi? She was oddly hyper back then, right?
Yuuji: That was when Makina realized she had people to "come home" to. It made her really happy, but also really embarrassed... and that's why she ended up making a scene.
Yuuji: Sachi clearly knows what's going on here, and she's joining in for Makina's sake. I guess I figured you were just playing along as well... Did I have the wrong idea?
Michiru: ...Uh... ah... err... whaa...?
Michiru: Y... Yeah! Of course that's it!
Michiru: Really now, how silly! There's no way the great Michiru-sama could fail to notice something like that! What the heck are you saying? It was all... t-totally obvious!! Right!?
Yuuji: ...Right, of course. I know you're a thoughtful person, even if it isn't always obvious. Thanks, Michiru...
Michiru: ...C-Cut it out. Don't give me that "I'm the only one who understands you!" number... I-It's not like I'm doing this for you, okay!? Don't go getting the wrong idea...
Yuuji: Hrm... pretty good tsundere, Michiru.
Michiru: ...Stop making fun of me, you jerk...
Principal: Good eveniiing! Sorry I'm late. Have you already gotten started?
Yuuji: Nope, not yet. Things got a little more hectic than expected.
Amane: ...Perfect timing, actually! The curry's ready to go!
Amane: C'mon, everyone! Grab a plate and line up. Don't worry, I made a ton! No need to push and shove!
Narration: *―A communal meal like this reminds me of the way we eat at my "company."*
Narration: *Everyone lines up. They dump rice on your plate, then the main dish, then the side dishes.*
Narration: *You can have as many refills on the rice as you want. Once the side dishes run out, you can use the "furikake" seasoning to work through a few more bowls. When that runs out, you're reduced to drenching it in soy sauce.*
Narration: *The saying was: "Eat all you want, but don't complain about the taste. If you want good food, go get yourself on a submarine." It wasn't anything to write home about, but at the end of the day, it filled your belly.*
Narration: *In the military, they say no one's worth more than a talented paymaster or mess sergeant. In that case, I suppose Amane must be Mihama's single greatest asset. Her curry never fails to be delicious.*
Narration: *Holding our elliptical plates in one hand, we scoop ourselves as much firmly-cooked saffron rice as we want.*
Narration: *When we present our plates to Amane, she ladles out generous helpings of thick, viscous curry.*
Narration: *Next up, we've got the shrimp, baked potatoes, and fried eggplant. After piling on the toppings, we add a few pickled vegetables on the side. By this point, our stomachs are beginning to audibly rumble.*
Amane: Anyone have a hard time with spicy stuff? You can mix those poached eggs in to make it a little milder! If you want more veggies and less rice, we've got plenty of sliced cabbage! Have as much as you like!
Makina: Uwooooh! Holy crap, this is one helluva meal!! Am I dreamin'!?!
Narration: *Makina's built a Mt. Fuji of rice on her plate. It's covered in great gobs of curry that resemble the lava from a volcanic eruption.*
Narration: *And of course, she's also added all of the possible toppings. The girl seems a bit awestruck by the final result.*
Amane: Oh geez, Makina. You're being pretty greedy... Are you sure you can finish all that?
Makina: Yep! I've got this! You'd be surprised how much I can gobble down these days!
Amane: ...Well, whatever. You can eat as much as you want today.
Makina: Okay!
Narration: *Once everyone's been served and taken their seats, Amane cheerfully says "let's eat," and we all push our spoons into the curry.*
Narration: *The very first bite fills my mouth with the familiar taste of Amane's cooking, inspiring a surprisingly intense sense of nostalgia. It almost feels like I've come back to my childhood home.*
Narration: *It's an unmistakably home-cooked meal, perhaps a bit on the "crude" side. That's how it always is with Amane's food... and there's something comforting about it.*
Michiru: ...This is so weird... It kinda feels like I've eaten your curry before, Amane. I wonder why?
Amane: Ah, right. It's probably because I'm using a blend of popular curry powder brands. I'm sure you've all tasted them before.
Sachi: You used off-the-shelf powder...? But the flavor is so rich, and it's so very fragrant... I was convinced you'd roasted your own spices...
Amane: Well, I mixed in some instant coffee to add fragrance and a hint of bitterness. It's also a cheap brand that everyone's probably familiar with.
Sachi: ...How much coffee did you put in here...?
Amane: ...Dunno. I just throw in however much feels right, basically.
Michiru: Man, your cooking really is random... I don't understand why it always tastes so good.
Yuuji: It's probably because she has an excellent grasp on the fundamentals...
Michiru: Dunno if I buy that... What if she's, like... mixing in some weird white happy-powder that makes it seem tasty?
Amane: How rude. I didn't put anything weird in there. I mean, it's got miso, sauce, ketchup, and a bunch of other stuff, but nothing inedible.
Michiru: What the heck!? Is all that stuff really in this!?
Yumiko: Is that why it's so thick...? I can turn my spoon sideways, and the curry doesn't fall out...
Amane: Ahaha. That's because I tossed some grated mochi in there. I don't really like watery, thin curry, you know?
Principal: Personally, I love how thick it is! It really makes it feel like "home-cooked" curry. I know you're the dorm mother for now, but we really ought to put those skills to work in the school cafeteria.
Amane: Uh, I appreciate the offer, but we don't have many students yet. I'm keeping them fed just fine as is.
Principal: It just feels like such a waste to have that nice cafeteria sitting there unused...
Amane: As long as everyone's happy, I think this is good enough for now.
Makina: ...So goooood...
Amane: ...Huh? Wait, Makina...
Makina: ...Nwo?
Amane: Oh geez, what's wrong? Did something happen? Why are you crying!?
Makina: ...Huh? I'm cryin'...? That's weird... I wonder why...
Amane: Sorry, I didn't think it was that spicy... Do you want a glass of water?
Makina: Hehehe... I don't get it. I was just thinkin'... "Ah, it's Ama-nee's cooking. Ain't had this in a while... It sure is good. I used to eat this all the time, back in the day"... an' then I started cryin' alluva sudden...
Amane: ...Oh, Makina...
Makina: Thanks fer always makin' food for me, Ama-nee!
Amane: Of course! You're always welcome at my table. Eat as much as you want, okay?
Makina: Gotcha!
Narration: *Speaking as someone who's also been known to tear up at the taste of food... it's hard to know how wonderful an "ordinary meal" is until you're forced to go without them.*
Narration: *Judging from the way she's tearing up as she watches Makina eat, it's obvious that Amane puts an unusual amount of "heart" into her meals...*
Narration: *But it's not as if Makina was eating that poorly while she was staying with me in America. And we ate out frequently enough that we had a favorite Italian place.*
Narration: *Even so, Amane's slapdash cooking brought Makina to tears tonight.*
Narration: *I once described Amane's food as having a "motherly" taste.*
Narration: *At the time, Makina responded "It just tastes like an old lady made it," but...*
Narration: *Today, she unconsciously realized how much that comforting taste meant to her. I think she finally understands what I meant back then.*
Narration: *For Makina and me, Amane's cooking is an irreplaceable gift.*
Narration: *But what can the two of us do for her in return?*
Narration: *It's not just Amane. Sachi, Sakaki, the principal, and even Michiru... we care deeply about them all.*
Narration: *What can we do for them, to repay what they've done for us?*
Narration: *"Defending our country" honestly seems like a pretty grandiose way of answering that question...*
Narration: *But at the very least, I want the world to be peaceful enough that they can eat their curry with smiles on their faces.*

Principal: ...So what are you planning to do tonight?
Yuuji: Hm... I was planning to rent a room in a nearby hotel for Makina and myself.
Principal: What, now? I mean, there are plenty of tourist-oriented hotels in the area... but you really need to make a reservation. If you walk in at this hour, you'll end up going from one place to the next.
Yuuji: Didn't Sakaki's father build a few ugly tax-shelter hotels around here? Maybe we can get a room in one of those?
Principal: ...Okay, look... unless you tone down the sarcasm a little, you're not going to get yourself a room anywhere. No one wants a sassy troublemaker in their hotel...
Yuuji: Maybe I can just get Makina a room...? No, probably not. She's even sassier than I am...
Principal: Your room hasn't been disturbed since you left. Given how much of a nuisance finding a hotel would be, why don't you just stay here tonight?
Yuuji: It's nice of you to offer, but Makina and I are technically outsiders.
Principal: You have my official permission. And anyway, I doubt your company really wants a pair of troublemakers like you spending too much time in the outside world. I'll let Harudera-san know personally.
Yuuji: Sorry for the hassle...
Principal: We're all happy to see you again. Feel free to take it easy.
Yuuji: I guess I'll do that...
Narration: *Come to think of it, the "company" performed a thorough investigation of the Academy prior to my transfer... so from their point of view, it's probably easier to monitor us if we stay here.*
Makina: Papaaa! Ama-nee said we can use th' bath now!
Yuuji: ...Hm, sounds good. The grand bathroom here is pretty damn nice... 
Yuuji: Oh, right. It looks like we'll be staying in this dorm instead of renting a hotel room tonight, Makina.
Makina: Uwoh? Well, duh. Sacchin said she's gonna get a bed ready for us while we're in th' bath together.
Yuuji: Sachi really is a considerate girl...
Makina: Wonder if I should learn from her example...?
Yuuji: It never hurts to imitate people's positive qualities. Just be careful... Last thing I need is you "learning" from a certain blonde who cries at people over the phone every time she gets drunk...
Makina: Ooh, ya mean JB...? For such a tough, smart lady, she sure does go ta pieces sometimes...
Yuuji: Come on, kid. I left out her name deliberately...
Makina: Whoops, sorry... I got some bad habits of my own, I guess.
Yuuji: Yeah. You really need to stop blurting out everything that pops into your head...
Makina: Anyhoo, let's go take that bath ASAP! It's been way too long since I got ta take a nice long soak in a big ol' bathtub!
Yuuji: Hrm... true enough. You have your duck?
Makina: You betcha! My old one was sittin' right where I left it!
Narration: *It's past 9 o'clock, but Makina still doesn't seem to be particularly tired. Probably because of the drugs she used earlier.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, she was awfully excitable today, even for her... I bet the "boosters" had something to do with that as well.*
Narration: *I hear they've been refining that thing to reduce the side effects, but in the old days it was apparently a real piece of work.*
Narration: *According to Asako, it used to be distributed in pill form. Company "employees" would take two of them before a night mission to increase their alertness and improve their night vision.*
Narration: *You'd usually take them an hour beforehand, but the symptoms would take effects at different times for different people... so some guys wouldn't be able to sleep even after the mission was over.*
Narration: *Not being able to sleep when you're exhausted is far more agonizing than you'd imagine.*
Narration: *And if you go through that repeatedly, day in and day out... the physical and mental strain's unbearable. More than a few people broke under the stress and committed suicide...*
Narration: *Our work is mentally taxing enough as is. Even insanity could be a welcome "reprieve" from the reality of the job. *
Narration: *Back then, using the "boosters" supposedly made you covet narcotics and cigarettes... but fortunately, the drug had been refined significantly by the time I made it into the field.*
Narration: *These days, people mainly just head out and fuck themselves senseless after a tough job. Not sure how much of an improvement that is, really.*
Narration: *Makina's not exactly an exception. When she has a bad day at work, she always ends up coming to me...*

Narration: *We end up getting all sweaty again right after cleaning ourselves off in the bath. Kind of a waste... But of course, Makina's heading off for her exam first thing tomorrow.*
Narration: *It's only two weeks, but we're going to be separated. Maybe Makina decided to wring me dry so that I won't be tempted to chase after other women while she's gone.*
Narration: *After seven rounds, the little dynamo's finally out of gas. She's out like a light the moment we get to the bed Sachi prepared for us. *

Date: *June 20, 2012, 11:22 - Mishima Cape - Station Area*
Narration: *―The next morning, I accompany Makina to the station in order to see her off, trying to fight back a sudden flood of emotion.*
Yuuji: ...To be honest, I want to come along with you... but parents only get invited to "entrance ceremonies" in Japan. March in there boldly, like an American would.
Makina: Okay! I gotcha!
Yuuji: Don't start boasting about your training in the US, though. You'll end up isolated from your teammates, and the officers will chew you out any chance they get.
Makina: Yep. It was the same way back in San Diego, ya know? I can deal with it.
Yuuji: Unlike in America, you can just wait in front of the station they designated. They'll send a car to pick you up...
Yuuji: Keep in mind that you're a seasonal employee, not a regular trainee. You won't get the usual three-day adjustment period. Don't be surprised if they slap you in the face the minute you get there...
Yuuji: ...Uh, let's see... What else do you need to know...?
Makina: Good grief... I'm gonna be fine, okay? Ya really are one helluva worrywart, Papa...
Yuuji: Hm... I mean, you did get through those three months in America pretty easily. It's not like I'm worried or anything... but Japan's kind of a special case. I just don't want them grinding you down...
Makina: No worries. As long as I don't get myself injured, it'll all work out somehow!
Yuuji: Hmm... maybe you're right...
Yuuji: All right, then! Get going, kid!
Makina: Aye-aye! PFC Irisu Makina will now depart!!
Yuuji: Right! Go forth and do your duty!!
Narration: *I'm not wearing a cap, so it doesn't feel right to salute. Instead, I simply watch as my daughter turns around and strides off confidently.*
Narration: *"That little back of hers looks awfully strong all of a sudden..."*
Narration: *I guess it shouldn't be any surprise. In America, she followed me into the field plenty of times, sharing in my hardships.*
Narration: *She took care of me and backed me up on the job. She nursed me when my new arm left me feverish. Sometimes she scolded me; sometimes, we shared moments of joy or inspiration.*
Narration: *All the memories flash through my mind, one after another, in an unstoppable torrent. And suddenly, there's a hollow pit of loneliness in my chest.*
Yuuji: ...Makina...
Narration: *Just speaking her name almost brings tears to my eyes. Since when was I this emotionally fragile...? Guess I'm not as young as I used to be...*
Yuuji: ...Talk about an overreaction...
Narration: *―It's only a damn examination. It's not like I'm shipping her off to a war zone on her own.*
Narration: *Back when I first met her, Makina could barely hold a conversation with anyone who wasn't a student at Mihama Academy. But I think she's grown a great deal as a person since then.*
Narration: *It's probably because of all her part-time work, including her employment at that bakery. The girl's clearly gained a little self-confidence.*
Narration: *These days, she can interact pretty normally with complete strangers.*
Narration: *I don't know if Makina herself is aware of how she's changed. When you transform that gradually, sometimes you don't even notice it's happening.*
Narration: *Little by little, day by day, we're always growing. It's a process that never really stops.*
Narration: *Makina's deliberately childish behavior probably hides this to some degree, but I think anyone who's reasonably observant can see how much she's matured.*
Narration: *For some reason, children are actually surprisingly perceptive about this sort of thing.*
Narration: *One time, back when I was a "student" in America, I was walking down the street in my academy uniform when this little kid looked up at me. *
Narration: *With an earnest, puzzled look on his face, he asked me "Are you a kid or a grownup, mister?"*
Narration: *Asians tend to look young to westerners. And on top of that, I was wearing a school uniform. But to that child's eyes, my face looked like that of a much older man.*
Narration: *I'd been mocked for my "baby face" pretty frequently up to that point, so it was definitely the first time anyone had mistaken me for an adult.*
Narration: *When I returned to my barracks and mentioned this to an instructor, they offered me an explanation: "You don't have an old man's face or anything. You just don't carry yourself like a student anymore."*
Narration: *Ever since I enlisted, my instructors had been complaining about my facial expressions... but after a few months, they started to say things like "Now that's the face of a soldier."*
Narration: *And another year after that, as I looked over the new crop of "students," I found myself scowling at their flabby, wide-eyed expressions.*
Narration: *A part of me wanted to storm over and shout "Do you idiots think you're at summer camp or something!?" But at the same time, I knew our faces must have looked the same as theirs when we were fresh recruits.*
Narration: *As I walk slowly along, pondering these weighty matters, the sound of someone shouting in a dopey but oddly vigorous fashion catches my attention.*
Sachi: Uuuu! Uuuu!
Yuuji: ...What a nauseatingly cutesy voice. Is that Sachi...? And what's that sound...?
Narration: *Glancing around the area, I soon spot the maid in question... stabbing at a large straw doll with a knife that she's tied to the handle of her broom.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi... what are you doing? Playing "Women's Volunteer Corps"?
Sachi: ...Wah! Why, if it isn't Kazami-san. Good morning to you...
Yuuji: Right, good morning... Sorry to cut the pleasantries short, but I've got a question for you.
Sachi: Of course. Feel free to ask me anything at all.
Yuuji: ...Komine Sachi. What exactly are you holding in your hand?
Sachi: That would be a broom, sir!
Yuuji: ...That's not what I meant...
Narration: *Calm yourself, Kazami Yuuji... this is an endurance test. You've got to wear her down slowly...*
Yuuji: What is that you've got tied to the end of your broom?
Sachi: It's a kitchen knife, sir!
Yuuji: ...I see.
Yuuji: Next question. What exactly are you doing with that amateurish "weapon" of yours?
Sachi: Training myself in preparation for the climactic battle on our home soil, sir!
Yuuji: ...Sachi, my friend... do you know what year it is?
Sachi: Yes! It's 2012, sir!
Yuuji: ...And when did the Second World War end?
Sachi: The year 1945, sir!
Yuuji: All right then, let me repeat my question... What the hell are you doing?
Sachi: ...Do you want me to explain everything all over again...?
Yuuji: Okay, just forget it...
Narration: *I knew the girl had a few screws loose, but... I had no idea things were this bad.*
Narration: *Unless... she's trying to catch my attention by acting bizarrely, like she was last night...?*
Narration: *In that case, maybe I should casually play along while pretending I haven't realized...*
Yuuji: ...I'm not sure I understand... but it's nice to see you're so enthusiastic...
Narration: *From force of habit, I drop my hand onto Sachi's head and muss her hair around a little.*
Sachi: ...Uhee...
Narration: *...She responds with an odd little squeal.*
Yuuji: ...Are you trying to be "moe" or something...?
Sachi: ...Pardon?
Yuuji: It's nothing...
Sachi: ...Has Maki-chan already departed?
Yuuji: Yeah. She marched off cheerfully just a few minutes ago.
Sachi: ...To be honest, I did want to see her off...
Yuuji: Don't worry about it. It's bad luck to make too much of a fuss about these things...
Sachi: I'm sure Maki-chan will come back even stronger than she already is... She's already passed me by, and now she's leaving me in the dust...
Yuuji: I don't know... If you ask me, the kid's still a total amateur. She's got a hell of a long way to go.
Sachi: You really think so...? Either way, she certainly got the best of me... In fact, she stole my panties...
Sachi: If Maki-chan is a "total amateur," then what does that make me...?
Yuuji: ...Wait a second. Are you "training" because you're upset about getting beaten by Makina...?
Sachi: Is that a problem?
Yuuji: I mean, not really... but you really do hate losing, don't you? I swear, you get all stubborn about the strangest things...
Sachi: ...Hau...
Narration: *Dropping my hand on Sachi's head once again, I give her a few vigorous scritches... but for some reason, she responds by pouting up at me sulkily.*
Sachi: Y-You won't distract me that easily! This simply isn't fair, Kazami-san. You lavish affection on Maki-chan, but you clearly couldn't care less about me...
Yuuji: ...Uh, that's really not the issue here.
Sachi: Well then, what are you trying to say? "A lowly maid like you shouldn't be wearing panties in the first place"...?
Yuuji: ...You're kind of a pain in the neck these days, Sachi...
Sachi: ...I'm sorry... I understand that this is only going to make matters worse, but I'd like your permission to burst into tears at this point...
Yuuji: Don't cry, damn it. What do you want from me? Just come out and say it!
Sachi: All right then. In Maki-chan's absence, I'd like you to show me a little love...
Yuuji: ...You're one fearsome woman, Komine Sachi. Do you even understand what you're saying...?
Sachi: Yes, of course I do. What's more, I have Maki-chan's explicit approval...
Yuuji: Makina approved this...?
Sachi: Indeed. It happened last night...
Sachi: ...Maki-chan, are you all packed for tomorrow?
Makina: Yep! I'm ready ta roll!
Sachi: Uhm... what about your pajamas and toothbrush? You didn't forget those, did you?
Makina: Welp, it's not like we really need to bring anything, ya know?
Makina: All ya really need is a healthy body, th' brains of a middle schooler, and a single pair of underwear! The "company" takes care of everything else, so there's nothin' ta worry about.
Sachi: Surely it can't hurt to bring a spare set of underwear, at least...
Makina: I'll buy more if I need to. Uncle Sam lent me his wallet, so I can prob'ly afford 'em!
Sachi: ...Is there nothing left for me to do, then...?
Makina: I'm happy you wanna help, but there's nothin' to worry about.
Sachi: ...But you're going to a battlefield, right...? Don't die, Maki-chan...
Makina: I'm not goin' to a war zone or anything, so that's not partick-ya-larely likely... but thanks anyway, Sacchin...
Makina: Oh, I know. Why don'tcha look after Papa for me while I'm gone?
Sachi: ...You want me to look after Kazami-san...?
Makina: Papa says he's fine, but he still kinda sucks at controllin' that arm... you don't wanna know how many cups he's accidentally crushed. Can ya help him out if somethin' like that happens?
Sachi: Yes, of course. I'll make sure to take good care of him.
Makina: Hmmm... but then again, Papa's a tsundere. He'll prob'ly shoot ya down if ya offer to look after him...
Sachi: ...Ah... that does seem like a real possibility... 
Makina: Okey-doke, here's yer strategy. Hit 'im with the old "show me some love" in yer best cutesy whine! Let's practice. Go!
Sachi: ...Uh... s-show me some love...
Makina: All right! Not bad fer a lowly maid! One more time. "Can't you show me a little love!?" Go!
Sachi: C-Can't you show me a little love!?
Makina: "You can do... anything you want to me, Kazami-san." Make sure ta look up at him bashfully! Go!
Sachi: You can... do anything you want to me, Kazami-san...
Makina: Hmm. Now that I think about it, that's probably takin' things a little too far...
Sachi: Is it...? That's a bit of a letdown, Maki-chan...
Makina: Yer authorized for anything up ta blowjobs!!
Sachi: Oh, okay. That's rather nice of you, Maki-chan...
Sachi: ...In conclusion, please feel free to ruthlessly lavish your love upon me in Maki-chan's absence.♪
Yuuji: Lavish my love, huh...?
Sachi: We use of those bushes over there as cover for a blowjob, if you'd like.
Yuuji: ...Hrm. A highly attractive proposal, but no. Maybe next time.
Sachi: ...What a letdown...
Yuuji: Don't say that. I'm willing to do something else, if you want.
Sachi: Unfortunately, I don't have permission for anything more extreme...
Yuuji: ...Okay, let's take a step back here. Try to get your mind out of that gutter for a minute, all right?
Sachi: What gutter...? Kazami-san, sometimes I don't quite understand what you're trying to say...
Yuuji: Uh, look who's talking.
Sachi: Well, I am a maid.
Yuuji: ...I hope you don't actually think that explains everything.
Yuuji: Well, anyway... It's fine that you're training, but I'm not too pleased to see you using an actual blade.
Sachi: Ah, not to worry. It's a dull old knife that's lost its edge completely.
Yuuji: Right. But it's still a dangerous hunk of metal. When you're training without supervision, it's preferable to use wooden weaponry.
Sachi: Wooden weaponry...?
Yuuji: It doesn't have to be an actual replica or anything. A stick can work just as well. Here, I'll make you one...
Narration: *Taking Sachi's broom from her hands, I remove the knife she's tied to it, then pick a branch out of the grass and cut it down to a suitable size.*
Yuuji: ...You want it to be around half the length of your arm, so this should be about right. Here, try holding it.
Sachi: .......
Yuuji: Hm? Something wrong?
Sachi: How on earth did you do that...?
Yuuji: What do you mean?
Sachi: You cut through that branch in an instant with a completely dull knife... I'm astonished. Is this the power of a cyborg?
Yuuji: It's easy once you get the hang of it. Just like chopping wood, really... Here, see?
Sachi: ...Wah...
Sachi: You truly are amazing, Kazami-san... Do your powers know no bounds? Who are you, really?
Yuuji: When you act that impressed by something this trivial, it kind of feels like you're making fun of me...
Sachi: Do you think I could do that as well?
Yuuji: Can't hurt to give it a try.
Sachi: All right then... Hmphh!
Sachi: Gah... it's no good. Perhaps I'm simply not strong enough...?
Yuuji: Strength isn't really that important. If you use the knife's own weight, it'll move fast enough to get the job done...
Yuuji: My master used to say "it's all about willpower and perseverance," but it's really just a simple physics problem.
Yuuji: "Cutting" and "chopping" are two different things. In one case, you're forcing a blade through something. In the other, you get the cut started, and let the rest happen naturally... hmm. This is a bit hard to explain...
Sachi: Ah... how curious. Somehow, I think I can almost understand what you're getting at...
Sachi: On one occasion, I was reshelving some DVDs in the library when my hand slipped, and a disk tumbled to the floor...
Sachi: When it hit the ground, the DVD in question split into two perfect halves.
Sachi: I think that the speed and angle of its fall happened to produce the perfect conditions for it to break apart so cleanly and easily... does your method involve something like that?
Yuuji: Yeah, more or less. If you know the properties of your object and apply an appropriate amount of pressure, you can cut through basically anything...
Sachi: Anything at all...?
Yuuji: Uh, that's kind of an exaggeration... although my master did tell me she could cut through the tread of a tank with a military sword...
Sachi: Was your master some kind of a monster, Kazami-san...?
Yuuji: ...Wish you hadn't asked that. It's painfully difficult to deny... I don't want to speak ill of my own master, but you can chalk that one up as the boasting of a drunkard.
Narration: *That said... I can't quite shake the feeling that woman just might have pulled it off...*
Yuuji: Not to repeat myself, but it all comes down to experience. The more things you experience, the more you'll learn how to do...
Sachi: In other words... practice comes before studying?
Yuuji: ...It's true that some people, like my sister or Makina, can figure things out just by reading about them. But people like you and me don't have that option... we've got to drill the knowledge into our bodies.
Narration: *Picking up the branch I chopped down to size, I brandish it at Sachi as if it's a dagger.*
Yuuji: ...All right then, I guess I'll show you a little "love." Come at me. You can use that broom if you want.
Sachi: Yes, sir! Understood!! Here I come!!
Sachi: ...Yaaaaah!!
Yuuji: Way too obvious... If you thrust straight at me, all I have to do is step back and to the side.
Sachi: ...Guuuh!!
Yuuji: You're throwing yourself off balance. If you're going to lean into your attack, let your body fall forward as you do.
Sachi: Taaaaaaah!!!
Yuuji: ...Look, you're too focused on my upper body. You're wide open below the belt...
Sachi: Auuuuu!!
Yuuji: Remember that "slide dash" Makina hit you with yesterday? She comes in faster, and ducks her body lower.
Yuuji: You want to close the distance in a single, natural movement. "Slide" down toward your opponent. Let gravity do the work, not your muscles.
Sachi: Fnnnnghhhh!!!!
Yuuji: No, no! You're not a damn torpedo!! Don't charge blindly at your target! Watch your opponent's face!!
Sachi: Auuu! Yessir!
Yuuji: Listen up! In a close-range fight like this, your enemy's going to look for signs of emotion in your eyes! Let him maintain eye contact! Charge forward while steadily lowering your head! Pretend you're a human pendulum!
Yuuji: From his perspective, your eyes aren't getting any closer, but you'll actually be shortening the distance between you!
Yuuji: Throw off his perception of space! That's the essence of the "slide dash"! Give it a try!!
Sachi: Yes, sir! Hiyaaaaa!!
Yuuji: All right! Not half bad!! However...
Sachi: ...Ngh!?
Yuuji: What's the matter? I'm barely applying any force. Try to get back up...
Sachi: ...Mnyu!! Fnyuuuu!! I-I can't moooove!
Yuuji: Sense the flow of combat. Learn how to apply your power... push, pull, turn! When you stop wasting your strength, you'll see what really matters. And once you master your own movements, you'll know how to "stop" someone entirely...
Sachi: ...U-Uhm... this doesn't exactly hurt, but it's rather uncomfortable... Would you please release me...?
Yuuji: It's not like I'm holding you still. You're just stiffening up. Let your thighs and back go limp.
Sachi: ...Oh... I managed to stand...
Yuuji: You can bumble around all you like when we're just playing pretend, but don't get too cocky. It might kill you.
Sachi: Yes, sir! I'm now fully aware of my own incompetence!!
Yuuji: ...Hahah...
Sachi: ...Surely there's no need to laugh at me. You're a bit of a bully sometimes, Kazami-san...
Yuuji: Right, sorry... I was kind of amused by how full of myself I've gotten, that's all.
Narration: *"Dumb kids that get cocky end up dead."*
Narration: *Asako told me the exact same thing countless times.*
Narration: *At some point, I stopped getting the lectures and started giving them. It's hard not to laugh at that.*
Sachi: In any case... what should I focus on first, assuming my goal is to gain the upper hand over Maki-chan?
Yuuji: ...You really are a sore loser, Sachi...
Narrator: Meanwhile... Irisu Makina was staring at the lunchbox of a man seated next to her on the bus and drooling uncontrollably!
Makina: ...*Slurrrp*...
Man: .......
Makina: ...*Slurp*... *Drool*...
Narrator: ...Yes, she was watering at the mouth! Quite literally! The spittle dribbled down endlessly! Her stomach groaned and grumbled without pause! The man could no longer hold his silence!
Man: ...Are you, uh... hungry?
Makina: I only had an apple an' a yogurt fer lunch, ac'shully...
Man: ...Want a little of mine?
Makina: Ooh, thank ya kindly! That fried chicken looks awful good.
Man: Hey, that's the main dish...
Makina: C'mon, ya got two pieces. I'm sure you can live without one of 'em.
Man: Man, you're totally shameless... Fine, whatever. You're only getting one, though.
Makina: Aaaaahn!
Man: What the hell!? You expect me to feed you!?
Makina: Aaaaaaaaahn!
Man: Ugh... I swear, this is just my luck... Here...
Makina: Nm... nom... mmm... that's good. How's about a little rice, too!? Aaaaaahn!
Man: Fine, fine... Good grief...
Man: Who the hell are you, anyway? What's a kid like you doing on this bus?
Makina: Didn't ya look at the camp guide? My name's totally on th' list of second-term trainin' participants.
Man: ...Wait, don't tell me... you're that "foreign capital" woman who's joining us halfway through!?
Makina: Well, yeah. Ya see any other women on this bus, Einstein?
Man: ...You've gotta be kidding...
Makina: Ya got no idea how sick I am of hearin' that. A soldier won't last long if they can't face reality, ya know?
Man: We're not soldiers. We're civil servants.
Makina: Sure, right. And I'm on this bus 'cuz a certain "Uncle Sam" who took lotsa stuff away from Japan wants me to be. Get th' picture?
Man: ...Ngh...
Makina: Don't you grunt at me, punk. I could go fer one of them dumplings next... *Slurp*...
Man: Are you planning to eat my entire lunch!?
Makina: Oh, right. I'll give you back those green peas on top, then.
Narrator: First, you take everything away! Then you give some of it back, little by little, in a forcible display of your "generosity" and "compassion"! That's America. That's America for you, ladies and gents!
Date: *June 20, 2012, 18:49 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Amane: Oh. Hey, Sacchan. Have you seen Yuuji? It's almost time for dinner, so I wanted to let him know...
Sachi: Ah, yes. Kazami-san left the academy grounds at around five this evening. He said he was going for a walk.
Amane: Whaaat? Did he say when he'd be back?
Sachi: I'm sorry. I didn't think to ask...
Amane: Aw, c'mooon... I can't put away the dishes unless everyone eats at the same time...
Sachi: It's curious to hear you say that... Previously, I believe you would have waited for Kazami-san's return with a smirk on your face, no matter how late he might be...
Amane: Who said I was "smirking"? That's just rude!
Sachi: ...Are you claiming that you weren't?
Amane: ...Well, I mean... it was kinda different back then, y'know? I was sorta roleplaying the young wife waiting for her husband to get back from work...
Amane: All that "Give me a call if you're going to be late!" stuff was a little fun, I guess...
Amane: But right now, I'm more of the dorm's "mother" than somebody's wife... and it's just less hassle when all your kids eat dinner with you, right?
Sachi: ...I see... So you've moved on from "womanhood" to "motherhood," Amane-san?
Amane: Uh, not sure I'd put it that way. Kinda makes it sound like I've given up...
Michiru: Amaneeee! I'm starving! What's for dinner tonight?
Amane: Mm? Oh, it's either cheese-stuffed hamburg steak or leftover curry from last night. What sounds good?
Michiru: Hm!? Darn, they both sound good... What are you serving along with that steak?
Amane: Uhm... glazed carrots, baked potatoes, and bright red Neapolitan spaghetti! Comes to 972 calories altogether!
Amane: Incidentally, we're having the curry with cutlets today. 1016 calories total.
Michiru: Cutlet curry, huh...? Leftover curry always tastes really good... But it's hard to say no to a steak full of cheese. Urrrrgh... damn that cheese! If it was just a steak, this decision would be so much easier...!
Yumiko: Why don't you just have the hamburg steak with the curry, then? It's the royal solution. When you can't decide, take both...
Michiru: ...Yumiko! That's... amazing! You're a genius!
Amane: Err... I don't really mind, but it's gonna be 1290 calories total... That's a pretty hefty meal...
Michiru: Oh, don't worry about that! I never put on any weight no matter how much I eat!
Yumiko: ...I hope you choke on that curry...
Michiru: ...Hmmm!? Did you say something!?
Yumiko: Nothing at all! Let's just eat dinner already!
Amane: Uh, okay...
Sachi: Don't worry about Kazami-san. I'm sure he'll be back soon enough.
Michiru: Hm? What? Did Yuuji go off somewhere?
Sachi: He's taking a walk, apparently.
Yumiko: Suou-san, please give me a fairly small serving of rice. As always.
Amane: Sure, sure. You're going to want some rice balls later, right? What should I fill them with?
Yumiko: ...Roe on kelp...
Amane: Sure thing.
Narration: *...In the end, Yuuji didn't come back to the dorm that night.*

Date: *June 21, 2012, 07:43 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―Although I did give them a call earlier as a matter of courtesy, in the end I don't make it back to the Mihama Academy dormitory until morning.*
Narration: *It's not that I was reluctant to accept their hospitality. I was just concerned about what might be going on with Makina's family.*
Narration: *With help from some old acquaintances, I went around picking up bits of information wherever I could; and before I knew it, the entire night had slipped right by.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, useful information can be surprisingly difficult to come by.*
Narration: *In total, I met up with two former "civil servants" and three information brokers, and ended up blowing over two hundred thousand yen in a single night... but their intel wasn't particularly helpful. In fact, I already knew most of it.*
Narration: *I was starting to regret not swallowing my pride and asking JB or Sakaki for help (it definitely would have been cheaper, if nothing else) when I realized the sky was beginning to glow in the east.*
Narration: *Returning to my room in the dorm, I changed into my running suit and did a quick three laps around the neighborhood.*
Yuuji: ...Guess I'm still not really used to this...
Narration: *I hadn't really expected that having two arms of different weights would make it so difficult to run.*
Narration: *I'm pretty used to it by now, but whenever I go for a long run, it still feels like I'm straining my left leg much more than my right.*
Narration: *I did try removing my artificial arm entirely, but that was just as awkward. I also experimented with the opposite approach, tying additional "ballast" to the prosthetic... but that put a serious strain on my lower back.*
Narration: *When you can't completely adjust for a plane's propeller torque by adjusting the trim tabs, you have to rely on the man at the rudder to compensate. Same deal here. I've got to learn how to deal with this on my end.*
Amane: What's the big idea, Yuuji!?!
Yuuji: Oh, Amane. Morning.
Amane: Don't you "Oh, Amane" me! Where were you last night!?
Yuuji: Didn't I tell you over the phone...? I was poking around to see if it's really safe for Makina to spend some time in this country.
Amane: Yeah, but you didn't call me until after nine! I had dinner ready and waiting, you know!?
Yuuji: Sorry about that. I was in transit for longer than I expected, so I didn't have a chcance to call.
Narration: *The information broker Asako used to rely on had moved his operation from Atsugi to Zama. Tracking him down had eaten up more time than I'd anticipated.*
Amane: Hmph... Anyway, did you end up finding out anything about Makina's family?
Yuuji: Not much. The main family and branch family don't seem to be planning anything too dramatic at present. I did hear that Makina's mother has gone abroad, but I don't know where, and it's basically just a rumor.
Amane: Does that mean it's okay for Makina to be in Japan, then?
Yuuji: I've asked a number of people and organizations to inform me if there's any sign of danger. I think we're relatively safe for the moment.
Amane: ...I see... That's good to hear, I guess...
Amane: But if something does come up, and you guys have to leave Japan again, it'd be nice to hear about it in advance this time...
Yuuji: ...Well...
Amane: Yeah, I know you can't tell us where you're going. But don't just drop off the grid completely like you did last time... Everyone was really worried, you know?
Yuuji: Sorry...
Amane: I got kind of gloomy when I thought about Makina, so I tried to keep my mind on other things, but I just couldn't help myself...
Amane: Every time I made a meal, I'd end up thinking "Is Makina eating properly?"...
Amane: And when I went out shopping to distract myself, I'd unconsciously start picking out clothing for her instead of me...
Amane: Aha... Sacchan told me this yesterday, but... I guess I really am acting like a mother these days...
Yuuji: Don't worry. I've been taking care of Makina...
Amane: ...Well, I was plenty worried about you as well...
Yuuji: What, me...? Please. You really are thinking like a neurotic old lady.
Amane: You sure talk big for an idiot who came home missing an arm!
Yuuji: Ah... hmm. When you put it that way... true enough. Sorry...
Amane: And another thing! Where did you even stay last night!?
Yuuji: It wasn't a problem. I can get by fine when I'm on my own. I slept in my car last night.
Amane: ...Your car? You bought one?
Yuuji: Nope. I'm just borrowing it from an old friend of mine.
Amane: Hmm. What kind of car is it?
Yuuji: ...It's heavy. Doesn't turn. Doesn't stop. Doesn't go straight. And it guzzles gasoline...
Amane: An American car...?
Yuuji: Uh, yeah. That's right...
Amane: Hey... Yuuji...♪
Yuuji: The answer's no.
Amane: I haven't even said anything yet.
Yuuji: You want to take it for a spin, right? Tough luck. That car doesn't belong to me. I can't let you destroy it.
Amane: It's fine! I won't overdo it. Just lemme take it for a little spin around the block! C'mon, please?
Yuuji: No means no!
Amane: What if I let you touch my breasts?
Yuuji: ...Look here, woman... don't think offering up your tits is enough to make me do your bidding!
Narration: *If you're under the impression that men will obey anyone who offers them access to breasts, you're sorely mistaken.*
Narration: *...That said... I suppose it does turn out that way every once in a while.*
Narration: *"If you manage to start the thing up, I'll let you drive it."*
Narration: *When I offer Amane the key under that condition, she happily snatches it from my hand and slides into the driver's seat.*
Narration: *She pushes the key into its slot, activating the fuel pump, then presses her foot down on the accelerator twice before turning the ignition. The engine immediately coughs to life.*
Narration: *The finnicky machine proceeds to wheeze and protest for some time, but Amane soothes it with patience and care. As she waits for the water temperature to rise, she moves her foot experimentally against the brake.*
Narration: *Stomping down on the accelerator right about now would stall that engine in an instant. And once it stops, this car won't start up again for quite some time.*
Narration: *It's a seriously cranky vehicle, to be honest.*
Narration: *Speaking as someone who spent some time in this thing with Danny during my years in America, I can tell you that even starting it up is no easy task.*
Narration: *Amane managed that much perfectly on her first try, so I guess I don't have any grounds to complain.*
Narration: *A promise is a promise, right? Sighing quietly to myself, I open the passenger door and take my seat.*
Amane: Uhyaaaa!! What's the matter with this thing!?! It seriously doesn't go straight!!♪
Yuuji: ...Hey! Don't go too fast!!
Amane: Seriously, what!? Is the chassis warped between the drive shaft and the rear axle...? It drifts to the left every time you press down on the accelerator, right?
Yuuji: I don't care! Just slow down, damn it!
Amane: Whoooahooh! What's with the brakes!? I'm stomping on them, and they barely do a thing! You gotta bottom out before they even start to squeal!
Amane: The pedal feels all spongy and gross! There's no way you can brake into a curve in this thing, right?
Yuuji: Will you please just watch where you're going!?
Amane: Ororororo? Hey... c'mon now, this thing won't even turn! And are these tires completely worn-out, or what? They're not heating up at all! I'm turning the wheel, but it keeps going straight forward!!
Yuuji: ...Damn it, Amane... are you listening to a word I'm saying?
Amane: Is it just me, or can y'turn this wheel further to one side than the other? The suspension's all bouncy, too! This is hilaaaarious!♪
Yuuji: Seriously, stop ignoring me...
Amane: Hmmm? Wait... It drifts when you press down on the accelerator, right? Yeah... maybe I can turn it that way! Like this!?
Yuuji: Damn it, Amaneeeeeee!!!!
Amane: ...Whoopsy! When you take the load off the driver-side tires, it starts to lose traction. Let's use the weight of the engine to lean forward, then hit the gas! That should leave some load on the rear tire, so we'll turn... like this!♪
Amane: Uwoh!? That felt good! Wait, what!? Is the frame actually twisting!? Look! There's a gap between the door and the pillar! You see that!?
Yuuji: Yeah, fine, whatever. Glad you're enjoying yourself, Amane...
Amane: Ahahahaha! American cars are such craaap! But I love 'em. So rude! So crude! V8s are the beeeest!♪
Yuuji: Whatever you say...
Narration: *I've spent lots of time sitting next to a certain individual who takes out her pent-up frustrations on the tires and gas tank of her flashy yellow car... so I supposed I'm accustomed to women driving like complete maniacs.*
Narration: *That said... unlike the luxury sports vehicle that blonde plays around with, Danny's car is a beat-up old pile of junk. There's no telling when the engine might blow... or a tire pop off.*
Narration: *In that sense, this little jaunt was definitely a "thrill ride" of the first order.*
Amane: ...Ahaha, sorry about that. It's been a while since I drove anything with some real horsepower, so I might have gotten a little carried away...
Yuuji: Aaagh, look at what you did to these poor tires...
Amane: I already said I'm sorry. Did I scare you?
Yuuji: I was half-expecting the whole damn car to break apart.
Amane: The body sure was twisting a lot, huh? The twisting wasn't so bad in itself, but the way it snapped back after every curve was pretty scary. The jolt was bad enough, and then it would veer off in random directions...
Yuuji: I think I've learned my lesson. I'll be driving on the way back.
Amane: Uh... don't take this the wrong way, but... I kinda hate being on the road when there's someone else behind the wheel..
Yuuji: I don't think that's too unusual...
Amane: A long time ago, I got into a pretty nasty traffic accident as a passenger... ever since then, I kinda freak out unless I'm the one driving. I'll take it real slow on the way back, okay...?
Yuuji: All right, fine...
Narration: *It's not that I don't trust Amane's ability as a driver.*
Narration: *I mean, it's pretty amazing that she managed to drive a car as ornery and massive as this one that fast without smashing into anything... she clearly knows how to adjust her technique based on the quirks of a given vehicle.*
Narration: *Driving quickly isn't everything, but I think it's fair to say that she'd beat the pants off me in a drag race.*
Narrator: Meanwhile... Irisu Makina was enjoying a pleasant mountain picnic with a few dozen charmingly smelly new friends!
Man from the bus: ...Hey...
Makina: ...What's up?
Man from the bus: ...Don't tell me... you're my buddy...?
Makina: Weren't ya listenin' to the instructors? They said ta pair up in the order they called our names.
Man from the bus: ...You've got to be kidding me...
Makina: That's just how life goes, man. I'm PFC Irisu Makina. Nice ta meetcha, I guess...
Man from the bus: ...I'm PFC Moriguchi Hironobu...
Instructor: Hey! How long are you shitheads gonna stand around chatting!? If you've found your buddy, then line up already, morons!
Instructor: Christ, what a sorry pack of slack-jawed dumbasses! Is this some kind of synchronized stupidity exhibition!?
Trainees: Hoo-ah!!
Instructor: Not loud enoooough!!
Trainees: Hoo-ahhhhhh!!
Instructor: Listen up, you half-wits! I can't stand shitheads like you!!
Instructor: Your teachers probably gave you gold stars for knowing Pi is "about three." Just looking at your pasty little faces makes me want to hurl!
Instructor: Fortunately, my job isn't to turn you punks into competent Rangers!
Instructor: I'm here to bully the living hell out of you until you burst into tears and quit!
Instructor: We don't have that large a defense budget to begin with. I'm here to cut down on the amount of money we waste feeding pathetic little shits like you! Understood!?
Trainees: Hoo-ahhhhhh!!
Instructor: I'm sure all you want a badge so you can boss around the other morons back at your home units! But as long as I'm in command here, you're sure as hell not getting one as a "participation trophy"!
Trainees: Hoo-ahhhhhh!!
Instructor: Allllll right then!! All of you, go prone!!
Trainees: Hoo-ahhhhhh!!
Instructor: First grooooup! Forward craaaawl!! Make for that line of dirt, on the dooouble!! Beeeegin!!
Trainees: Hoo-ahhhhhh!!
Instructor: "Idiooooots!! You were all just killed in action!!!"
Instructor: "Go back and start over!! Did you learn anything in those three months of basic!?! Worthless little pukes!!!"
Trainees: Hoo-ahhhhhh!!
Narrator: In an organization where the words "national defense" inspires only ridicule... a handful of elites are plunged into hell! They will suffer and moan, sweat and bleed! An unimaginably harsh training regimen is about to begin!
Narrator: In this nightmarish place, all of the world's most irrational cruelties will be visited upon them! But what lies at the end of this tortuous ordeal? A glorious diamond emblem... or a corpse rotting in a shallow grave!?
Narrator: What now, Irisu Makina!? What will become of you now!?

Date: *June 22, 2012, 09:13 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Narration: *―It's already been three days since Makina set off for her training. I came to Japan as her escort; now that she's in the hands of the "company," I don't have much to do with myself.*
Narration: *I'm almost tempted to put on my old school uniform and casually show up for a few classes...*
Narration: *But unfortunately, it seems like Mihama's been having a lot of "study hall" periods and cancelled lectures lately. Probably has something to do with the decrease in the size of the student body.*
Narration: *I'm stroking my chin thoughtfully, pondering how to make productive use of my time, when an irritating young lady carrying a stuffed armadillo (?) suddenly appears before me.*
Michiru: Aah, so lame! What a total pain in the butt!
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Swinging her armadillo back and forth, Michiru does her best impression of a woman in need, grumbling to herself in a clear stage whisper.*
Narration: *A kind and patient man would probably indulge her with a "What's wrong, Michiru?" at this point...*
Narration: *But unfortunately, I'm something of a cranky contrarian, and this little act of hers rubs me the wrong way.*
Narration: *Accordingly, I ignore her.*
Michiru: Aaah, this is so lame! What a pain... Doesn't get much worse than this...
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji! Yuuuuji!? Why are you ignoring me!?
Yuuji: ...Hey, Eugene? Not sure who you're supposed to be, but someone needs you.
Michiru: Who said anything about Eugene!? I'm talking to you, Yuuji!
Yuuji: ...You need something from me?
Michiru: You've got some time on your hands, right?
Yuuji: Hrm. Are you offering to take me out for some fun?
Michiru: Wh-Why would you assume that!?
Yuuji: Ah, so that wasn't it? Too bad. In that case, you can be on your way. Later, Michiru.
Michiru: ...Uh, right... bye, then...
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *Well then... it seems even Michiru's beginning to treat me like a layabout.*
Narration: *They say "standing by" is an important duty in its own right, but I'm beginning to think I should find some hobbies aside from just reading.*
Michiru: Hey!! Why'd you chase me off!?! You totally talked me into walking away!!
Yuuji: ...Tch... you noticed? Pretty impressive, for a blonde...
Michiru: Okay, look... go let every blond person in the world slap you in the face...
Yuuji: What's this about? If you need something from me, then just come out and say it.
Michiru: I-It's not like I need anything from you!
Yuuji: I see. That's too bad. See you later, Michiru.
Michiru: Seriously, c'mon! Stop chasing me off! I'll kick your butt, man!
Yuuji: Just tell me what you want already. Depending on the nature of your request, I might consider lending a hand.
Michiru: I don't need your help or anything! Don't go getting the wrong idea!
Yuuji: Then don't bother me in the first place. This is seriously annoying.
Michiru: Whaaaat!? A-Annoying!? You don't have to be so mean about it! What a jerk! What a jeeerk!!
Yuuji: ...Guh! Stop hitting me with that armadillo! It doesn't hurt, but it's still pissing me off!
Michiru: It's your own stupid fault! You're not even hearing me out!!
Yuuji: ...Yeah, sorry... Seriously though, what's with the armadillo...?
Michiru: Hm? Oh, this? It's Sachi, basically.
Yuuji: ...I see. The armadillo... is Sachi?
Michiru: Yep, that's right.
Yuuji: ...Okay. Wait just a moment, Michiru. I'll call an ambulance...
Michiru: Don't take out your cellphone!!!
Yuuji: Everything's going to be all right... We'll get you the help that you need at the hospital. You're just a little tired. Once you get some rest, you'll be back in fighting shape in no time...
Michiru: Don't actually make the phone call!!!
Yuuji: Come on, though... you can't tell the difference between Sachi and an armadillo...? That's right up there with mistaking a maggot for a grain of rice... I think I'm going to cry...
Michiru: What!? No, no! Argh, you've got it all wrong! How am I even supposed to explain this!?
Yuuji: Okay, Michiru. Try to calm down. Tell me... does your family run a painting business?
Michiru: ...Huh? Uh, no... why do you ask?
Yuuji: Hrm... then I guess you didn't spend your childhood getting high on paint thinner... so much for that theory...
Michiru: Okay, did you just slander every painter in the world!?!
Armadillo: "Pull yourself together, Michiru-sama! Nafooo!"
Yuuji: ...Seems like Sachi's backing me up.
Michiru: Gaaah! C'mon! This isn't Sachi, it's an armadillo!!
Yuuji: ...Michiru... you've come to your senses...?
Michiru: I never went crazy in the first place!! Sachi's the one who gave this to me, okay!?
Yuuji: What do you mean...?
Michiru: I don't really know the details, but Sachi said something about training for a "rematch" against Makina. She marched off somewhere with this huge rucksack on her back!
Yuuji: Aaah...
Narration: *Was losing to Makina really that much of a shock for her...?*
Michiru: So, uhm... she told me that she wouldn't be back for a while, so I should keep this stuffed animal with me and think of it as her.
Yuuji: Ah. So that's your "replacement Sachi," then...?
Michiru: Exactly! That's what I was saying all along!!
Yuuji: It really isn't.
Michiru: ...Huh?
Yuuji: God, you're hopeless...
Yuuji: Well, whatever. I understand why you've got the armadillo. What do you want from me, exactly?
Michiru: Listen! It's not like I'm asking you for help or anything! Don't get the wrong idea!!
Yuuji: All right. Get lost, then.
Michiru: *Sigh*... You really don't get it, do you...? This conversation's really tiring me out...
Yuuji: That's my line. I've had it up to here with this crap, you stupid tsundere...
Michiru: Listen. When a tsundere says "don't get the wrong idea," that's your cue to get the wrong idea! When she says "I don't want anything from you," that means she wants something from you! You understand!?
Yuuji: I don't really want to... Basically, I can just assume you're saying the opposite of what you mean?
Michiru: Exactly! Listen, this is important. When I say "don't push," you push! Make a note of that, okay!?
Yuuji: All right, whatever...
Yuuji: So? What is it you actually want?
Michiru: Come with me on a shopping trip.
Yuuji: ...You wasted all this time working up to that...?
Michiru: Hm? What, you don't want to?
Yuuji: Fine, fine... I'll tag along...
Narration: *I'm not crazy about the idea, but it definitely beats getting into another prolonged argument with this lunatic.*
Yuuji: ...What are you shopping for?
Michiru: A rug!
Yuuji: ...A rug?
Michiru: Yep! It's getting pretty hot, y'know? I think a rush mat right in the middle of the room would make things feel nice and cool.
Yuuji: Ah. The flooring in the dorm does get pretty warm. You want an area rug for your bedroom, basically?
Michiru: You got it! But those things are pretty hefty, see?
Michiru: I wouldn't be able to carry it back on my own, and Sachi isn't around, and you clearly have nothing better to do with yourself. That's why I'm kindly giving you the chance to assist me! Or something like that.
Yuuji: Couldn't you just ask Amane to drive you over in the mini-truck...?
Michiru: Yuuji!! Are you telling me to get in a truck with Amane behind the wheel!? You're a monster! A demon! A beast!!
Yuuji: Oh... right, I forgot all about that... No point traumatizing you all over again...
Yuuji: Want me to drive instead of Amane...?
Michiru: It's fine. We're gonna buy one at the hardware store down by the station, so we might as well just carry it back!
Yuuji: I don't really mind... but I think it's going to be kind of tough.
Michiru: C'mon, enough dawdling! Let's just go already!
Yuuji: ...Wait, are you bringing that armadillo along with you?
Narration: *It's true that I have some time on my hands... and Michiru's helpless enough to rely on a stuffed animal in Sachi's absence. I suppose it can't hurt to offer her some assistance every once in a while.*
Narration: *I mean... if she'd just told me what she wanted from the start, it's not like I would have turned her down.*
Narration: *But no. For some reason, the girl just had to make everything confusing by dialing that stupid "tsundere" act up to eleven.*
Narration: *Apparently Japan hasn't managed to escape its "tsundere boom" in the year I spent abroad. There's got to be something seriously wrong with the moral fabric of a society that celebrates such incredibly annoying behavior.*
Narration: *However, if I were to express this opinion in public, I'd be made into a villain. The majority rules... Sadly, that's one principle that applies just about anywhere you go.*
Narration: *Eventually, Michiru and I do arrive at the hardware store in question...*
Narration: *But as we look around, it becomes obvious that she didn't actually bother to measure her floorspace beforehand. Without giving the matter much thought, she randomly picks out something that "looks about right." *
Michiru: Come on, Yuuji! Are you even holding your end!? It's really heavy!
Yuuji: ...Of course it's heavy, this thing's huge... Seriously, shouldn't you have left the armadillo behind?
Narration: *It can't be easy to carry something else when you've got that oversized stuffed animal under one arm.*
Narration: *More fundamentally, this wouldn't be nearly so difficult if Michiru had just opted for a basic square rug...*
Narration: *But instead, she'd greedily gone with the single largest option. It wasn't that much more expensive than the others, which she claimed made it have "better value."*
Narration: *As a result, we're now walking down the street with a heavy eight-foot long tube under our arms.*
Narration: *At a distance, we probably look like a pair of medieval soldiers bringing a battering ram to the castle gates... or cadets taking part in the Defense Academy's annual pole-toppling match.*
Narration: *When you're lugging something like this along, most of the burden usually falls on the man in the back, who ends up pushing the group forward.*
Narration: *Naturally, that means I'm bringing up the rear... but Michiru's a good deal shorter than me, and the rug's sloping down toward her. This positioning might actually be making it harder on her.*
Narration: *At a glance, it looks like we're both supporting it equally, but appearances can be deceiving with this sort of thing.*
Yuuji: Want me to take the lead?
Michiru: You said that would be harder on me, because the rug would slant away from the direction we're moving!
Yuuji: Well, yeah, but...
Michiru: Just put a little more muscle into it, okay!?
Yuuji: Hrm... you want me to try shoving it toward you, then?
Michiru: Oh? Oooh! Not bad, not bad at all! That's more like it! Keep it up. Keep pushing that sucker!
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Rather than "lifting" the rug, I can focus on "pushing" it... I'm exerting force in the direction we're moving, and Michiru's basically just clinging onto the end. It's probably much easier on her.*
Yuuji: Okay. I'm going to keep pushing...
Michiru: Oooh, it's so light! We'll be back at the dorm in no time! Push that rug, man! Push like you've never pushed before!! Show me what you're made of!!
Yuuji: ...Look, I'm glad you're enjoying yourself, but you really need to watch where you're walking, or...
Narration: *―Halfway through my sentence, I glance up at Michiru...*
Michiru: Dwoohaaaaaahhh!!!
Narration: *...only to see her vanish from view with an odd little shriek.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...Michiru...?
Narration: *For an instant, I'm not sure what just happened. Still holding Michiru's rug under my arm, I look around the area in a state of dumbfounded confusion.*
Narration: *My eyes find a plastic bin in a garbage collection spot about twenty meters down the road. A familiar Mihama Academy skirt protrudes from its open mouth; two legs dangle limply from within.*
Yuuji: ...Hey... you've got to be kidding, right...? Michiru!!
Narration: *Tossing the rug to the ground, I rush desperately over to the trash can.*
Yuuji: Michiru! Are you all right!?! Michiru!!
Narration: *Pulling Michiru's immobile upper body out of the plastic bin, I spin her around to face me... and feel my heart skip a beat.*
Michiru: ......
Narration: *She's clearly unconscious.*
Narration: *Her eyes are open, but they're glassy and unfocused. When I look closely, I can see they're quivering convulsively.*
Yuuji: ...Michiru!!
Narration: *I quickly ease Michiru onto the ground, then press down on her upper chest in an attempt to clear her airway.*
Yuuji: Come on, Michiru! Don't give up!! Get back here, Michiru!! Michiru!! Can you hear me!? 
Narration: *Pinching her nose, I push my mouth against hers to deliver air into her lungs.*
Yuuji: Haaa... foooo!! Haaa... foooooo!!
Narration: *It's all right... Everything's going to turn out just fine... People are sturdier than you'd think. She won't die this easily! Hang in there, Michiru! Come back to me, damn it!!*
Dump-Truck Driver: U-Uhm, is she all right...!?
Yuuji: Bastard! Are you the one who hit Michiru!?
Dump-Truck Driver: Uh... I-I'm sorry! She stepped into the street so suddenly... I didn't have time to swerve...
Yuuji: Stop talking and call an ambulance!! Borrow an AED from the station, while you're at it!!
Dump-Truck Driver: R-Right!!
Narration: *My own words bring me face to face with a frightening new question.*
Narration: *What about her heart...?*
Narration: *Trying not to panic, I immediately lean down and press my ear against Michiru's uniform.*
Yuuji: ...Thank god, it's still beating! Wake up, Michiru!!
Narration: *―Just as I bring my face to hers to resume the process of artificial respiration...*
Narration: *The pupils of Michiru's eyes shrink to their normal size; and with a sound that resembles the phlegmy cough of an old man, she abruptly regains consciousness.*
Michiru: ...Kwaah! Gehah! Arhah! A-Are you trying to kill me!?!
Yuuji: Michiru!?
Narration: *Springing up off the ground like a jack-in-the-box, Michiru flails her arms into the air and begins bellowing angrily at no one in particular. *
Michiru: Why would they hit someone with a dump truck like that!? What were they thinking!? You could kill somebody that way!!
Yuuji: ...Probably would, in most cases... Never mind that, Michiru! Calm down! You can't get up yet!
Michiru: Huh? What are you all upset about? I'm the one with a reason to be pissed! That jerk!!
Narration: *Michiru gets to her feet as if nothing happened, brushes a little grime off her uniform, and proceeds to wipe her nose with the back of her hand.*
Michiru: ...*Sniffle*!! Aaagh, geez... hmm? My nose is bleeding... Ugh, and I smell like garbage!! What the heck!? What did I do to deserve thiiis!?
Yuuji: Michiru!! Just lie down, all right!? Please!!
Michiru: Uh, what? Why do you look like you're gonna cry? Did you hurt yourself? Wait, and what about my rug? Is it okay?
Yuuji: Who cares about the damn rug!?! I'll buy you as many rugs as you want!! Just lie down before I kick your ass!!
Michiru: ...Huh? Er, right... Geez... you don't have to bellow at me...
Narration: *Obviously clueless as to why I'm so worked up, Michiru obeys my orders with a dubious look on her face.*
Narration: *It's not uncommon for a severe, traumatic injury to trigger a surge of adrenaline...*
Narration: *And I've heard stories about wounded soldiers who get up off the battlefield, walk back to the nearest field hospital on their own power, and then abruptly die the instant they relax.*
Narration: *Michiru certainly looks to be all right at a glance, but that's no guarantee of anything.*
Narration: *As I'm looking her over for signs of injury, the wail of an approaching ambulance grows steadily louder.*
Michiru: ...Huh!? Wait, did you call an ambulance!? I'm fine! I'm totally fine!!
Yuuji: Shut up! You're going to the hospital. I'll come along, all right? There's nothing to worry about.
Michiru: Whaaat...? Uhmmm... I really am totally fine, though...
Yuuji: Yeah, I know. Of course you're fine. Still, it can't hurt to be on the safe side, right? Please, Michiru...
Michiru: ...A-All right, fine... You don't have to get all teary-eyed about it, geez...
Yuuji: ...Haha... but seriously, you're one hell of a tough girl... Are you some kind of monster?
Michiru: Don't be rude. I'm totally normal.
Yuuji: Normal, huh...?
Michiru: Yep. This sorta thing happens all the time, right? It's no big deal.
Narration: *"It's no big deal."*
Narration: *I've heard that many times before. It's the phrase you mutter to yourself on a hellish battlefield, when your strength is all but gone; it's the way you trick yourself into standing up, despite the pain.*
Narration: *Matsushima Michiru is, by any standard, a hopeless idiot. Nearly everything she says and does is completely absurd.*
Narration: *But even so, there's one area in which she's undeniably remarkable.*
Narration: *Namely... her "toughness."*
Narration: *If Japan had been filled with women this durable back in the 18th year of the Showa era... I can't help but think history might have taken a very different course.*
Narrator: Meanwhile... Irisu Makina was clinging to the single thin rope upon which her very life depended!
Instructor: C'mon, dammit!! Are you even trying!?!
Makina: Uwaaaaah!! Hoo-aaaah!!!
Instructor: Crawl, dammit!! You're so busy answering me that you haven't moved an inch!! Show me some willpower!!
Makina: Hoo-aaaah!!!
Narrator: Up! Down! Left! Right!! The rope sways violently to and fro as the instructor shakes it!!
Narrator: How long until she plunges to her doom!? Truly, this is hell on earth! A nightmare without end! An instant's carelessness means certain death! And at last... she falls! She falls! She faaalls!
Makina: Nwooooohhh!!!!
Instructor: You stupid little shit!! You'd be dead if it wasn't for that harness!! How many times are you planning to die in a single day!?!
Makina: Dwooaaaaaah!! S-Stop shakin' the rooope!! The harness... the harness is bitin' into my crotch!! Oh, my balls!! My poor baby balls!!
Instructor: What balls!?!! Stop whining and climb, idiot!! Climb like your life depends on it!! Show me what you're made of!!
Makina: Hoo-aaaah!!!
Instructor: Is that the best you can do!?! D'you want me to send you back to your unit!?!
Makina: Hoo-aaaaaaaaagh!!!
Instructor: Ranger Moriguchiii! Your buddy's pleading for help!! Why are you just standing there, you slack-jawed imbecile!?!
Moriguchi: Hoo-aaaah!!!
Instructor: Listen up! You two idiots are a single combat unit!! When you're buddy's in trouble, that means you're in trouble!! Get in there already!!
Moriguchi: Hoo-aaaah!!!
Instructor: Call out to her!! Encourage your buddy!! At this rate, Ranger Irisu's going to give up and let go of that rope!!
Moriguchi: I'm coming, Ranger Irisu!! Hold on!!
Makina: Help meeeee, Ranger Moriguichiiiii!!!
Narrator: There's no such thing as a "hero" on the battlefield! No matter how you scream and cry, Tunafish Man won't come running to help!
Narrator: However... you have your companions! Men and women who will struggle at your side! Irreplaceable comrades, bound to you more closely than any friend!!
Narrator: Hang in there, Ranger Irisu!! Get a move on, Ranger Moriguchi!!
Date: *June 22, 2012, 19:02 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Yumiko: ...And?
Yuuji: That's pretty much it, actually.
Yumiko: So you're saying... she was hit by a dump truck while you were carrying a carpet, then rushed to the hospital in an ambulance... but they couldn't find a thing wrong with her?
Yuuji: They X-rayed her, but her bones were fine. Nothing wrong with her brainwaves, either. They even gave her a CAT scan... and her organs were totally healthy.
Yuuji: In terms of noticeable external injuries... she skinned her right knee slightly, and her right thigh was a little red. That was about it, apparently.
Yumiko: ...When you say "dump truck"... do you mean a battery-powered children's toy that she tripped over...?
Yuuji: Nope. It was a genuinely massive truck loaded full of gravel. Knocked her a good 20 meters down the road.
Yumiko: ...How on earth did she come out of that all but unscathed?
Yuuji: The doctors said that the stuffed armadillo she was carrying must have acted as a cushion somehow...
Yuuji: Michiru seems to think she owes Sachi for this one, but I have to assume she was just incredibly lucky.
Yumiko: ...I'm not sure if "lucky" is quite the word... but for some reason, strange things do seem to happen to Matsushima-san...
Yuuji: The police showed up to take a report, and we were discussing the situation with the driver's insurance company, but Michiru said she didn't want to make a big deal out of it...
Yuuji: It was filed as an "accident resulting in injury," but everyone agreed on a settlement out of court. They're paying damages to cover the hospital bill and dry-cleaning for her uniform.
Yumiko: ...Where is Matsushima-san now, by the way?
Yuuji: In her room, happily rearranging the furniture to make room for her new rug...
Yumiko: Is she really all right?
Yuuji: Just to be safe, she's going to be visiting the hospital for regular checkups... but try to keep an eye on her when you can, all right?
Yuuji: If you notice she isn't walking straight or speaking clearly, or if she mentions something about her limbs feeling numb, we should take her to the hospital immediately.
Yumiko: ...All right... I'll keep that in mind. I'm a little worried about her...
Michiru: Heeey! Yumikooo, Yuujiii! Dinner's ready! Amane says come and get it!
Yumiko: ...Matsushima-san, are you feeling all right?
Michiru: Hm? What d'you mean? Oh. Yeah, I'm fine! It wasn't too hard getting that rug in place.
Yumiko: ...Uh, no... you were hit by a dump truck, remember?
Michiru: Oh, right! That reminds me! The president of their company came by the dorm a minute ago and gave me a bunch of treats. Let's eat them after dinner!
Yumiko: ...For some reason, I'm beginning to feel like a fool for having worried about you...
Narration: *At the end of the day, I'm just happy Michiru wasn't seriously injured...*
Narration: *No matter how sturdy and "lucky" she might be, I have to wonder if there was something else at work this time.*
Narration: *For example... there's that armadillo Sachi left her.*
Narration: *Many years ago, an officer who'd been gravely wounded in a shelling supposedly handed his bankbook and seal to his orderly, telling the man "take these back home to my wife!"*
Narration: *The orderly, reasonably enough, replied "There's no telling if I'll make it back alive, either." But the officer answered him firmly: "Don't worry. When I die, my spirit will keep your sorry ass alive."*
Narration: *And just as the officer promised, that orderly survived countless hellish battles, eventually making it home against all odds.*
Narration: *If that armadillo Sachi made has a bit of her own "spirit" in it... perhaps she protected Michiru in her hour of need? *
Narration: *It's probably a silly, romantic thought; but who's to say? Sometimes, life can be very mysterious.*
Narration: *Today, I think, was definitely one of those days.*
Narration: *And the next afternoon... a certain maid who stormed out of Mihama with the vigorous declaration "I can't sit idly by while Maki-chan strives to better herself!" ends up returning to us well before her rival.*
Sachi: I, Komine Sachi, am ashamed to announce... I have returned!
Yuuji: Right. Good work out there! Make sure to rest up!
Yuuji: ...Not that I know where you went or what you were doing there, of course...
Sachi: Ah. Well, I was walking along the coast, making for Mt. Fuji... but before I reached Shizuoka prefecture, Sakaki-san telephoned and instructed me to return.
Yuuji: ...You were planning to walk that whole way...? I guess I'm not exactly one to talk, but you're kind of a moron.
Sachi: Indeed. It seems I'm not the brightest star in the firmament.
Sachi: ...But more importantly... I understand that Michiru-sama was hit by a dump truck in my absence...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Sorry... I should've kept a closer eye on her...
Sachi: ...Why is it that Michiru-sama always behaves so foolishly the moment I leave her alone?
Yuuji: The girl's hopeless without you around. It's just her nature... no point trying to fix it.
Sachi: What a truly troublesome woman...
Yuuji: Come on, don't be too harsh on the girl. She was pretty grateful to you... Seems to think that lucky armadillo saved her life for whatever reason.
Sachi: ...Armadillo...?
Yuuji: You gave her a stuffed animal to take your place, right?
Sachi: That's an anteater!
Yuuji: Uh... that a fact...?
Sachi: Honestly, just how foolish is Michiru-sama!? Anyone can see that's an anteater! How could you possibly mistake it for an armadillo, of all things!?
Yuuji: E-Err... yeah. Michiru's really hopeless, huh...?
Sachi: To think she can't the difference between an anteater and an armadillo! That's right up there with mistaking a maggot for a grain of rice! It's so pathetic, I think I just might cry!
Yuuji: Right. That's pretty sad, all right! Ha ha ha...
Narration: *...I can't tell her... I'm actually the one who decided that was an "armadillo," but I'll take that secret to my grave...*
Narration: *I'm sorry, Michiru... forgive me for my cowardice...*
Sachi: Where is Michiru-sama at the moment? I'm going to go and express my complaints!
Yuuji: Uh, I'm pretty sure she's got another supplementary "study hall" in the usual classroom...
Sachi: I see. Please excuse me, then. I'd like to head over there immediately!
Yuuji: R-Right...
Yuuji: ...I see. That was an anteater, eh...?
Narration: *It was kind of grayish, and it had a long face, so I was pretty sure it was an armadillo...*
Narration: *...For one thing, why did Sachi decide to make a stuffed anteater in the first place...? There are plenty of cuter and more distinctive animals she could've gone with... Maybe a giraffe or something...*
Yuuji: Well... it's a little weird, but I guess that's just Sachi for you...
Amane: Hmm? Was that Sacchan's voice I heard just now? Is she back?
Yuuji: Yeah, she just showed up a few minutes ago.
Amane: Where'd she go, then?
Yuuji: ...She's worried about Michiru, so she went to check up on her.
Amane: You don't say? Those two really are close, aren't they?
Yuuji: True enough... although I don't know if they'll stay that way forever...
Narration: *"The armadillo that ended a friendship"... sounds a little poetic, in a way...*
Yuuji: Did you need something from Sachi?
Amane: Oh, right. I was going to ask her for a little favor if I found her...
Yuuji: What kind of favor? I'll help you out if I can.
Amane: I was hoping someone could take Sakaki-san's lunch up to her room, and bring down the plates from her "breakfast"... although it was really more of a midnight snack.
Yuuji: Say what? Is Sakaki some kind of a shut-in now?
Amane: Uhm... it seems she does show up at the school in the afternoon, but she's been getting a little nocturnal lately. She stays up all night, goes to bed in the morning, and wakes up when it's time for lunch.
Yuuji: What is she, a good-for-nothing university student...?
Amane: I keep telling her it's going to throw off her hormone balance and ruin her skin... but that girl doesn't listen to a word I say. You should try saying something to her, Yuuji.
Yuuji: If she isn't listening to you, I seriously doubt there's any point in me trying...
Amane: Well, I'm not asking you to barge in there and yell at her. Give her the old masculine kindness... Y'know, a warm, manly lecture. Firm, but gentle.
Yuuji: ...That's one hell of a tall order...
Amane: Once you get her dishes, bring them straight to me, okay? I want to know if she didn't finish anything.
Yuuji: Got it...
Amane: Okay then, here you go. This is Sakaki-san's lunch. 
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *The tray Amane hands me contains a somen salad consisting of chicken and fresh vegetables. The shredded plums on top make for a vivid contrast with the green shiso leaves underneath.*
Narration: *It's a modestly-sized meal. Amane probably made it specially, with consideration for the summer heat's effect on Sakaki's appetite.*
Narration: *It seems Sakaki is treating Mihama's mess sergeant as her personal chef. On top of that, her meals are brought to her by people who aren't even under her command. What is she, some kind of upper-class staff officer?*
Narration: *Normally, I'd be tempted to add the traditional topping of dandruff to her lunch before delivering it...*
Narration: *But Major Sakaki has done quite a lot for me since I entered this school, so such spiteful behavior would be difficult to justify. I carry the tray of food dutifully up to her room.*
Yuuji: ...Major Sakaki! I have brought your lunch!
Narration: *Holding my back ramrod straight in my best impression of an NCO orderly, I call out to Sakaki through the door... but don't receive the "Enter!" I was expecting.*
Narration: *"Is the Major still asleep...?"*
Narration: *Let's try this one more time, and come back later if there's no reply. I reach out to knock once again... But before my hand reaches the door, I hear movement within the room.*
Yumiko: "...Owch..."
Yuuji: ...Sakaki? What's wrong? You okay in there?
Yumiko: "...I'm fine... I'll open the door..."
Yumiko: ...What is it?
Yuuji: I've brought your meal, ma'am! Today's lunch is somen salad with dried plums!
Yumiko: ...I see. Much appreciated.
Yuuji: Allow me to carry it into your quarters!
Yumiko: Hold on! Don't come into my room!
Yuuji: Why not, ma'am?
Yumiko: I-It's a total mess in here, all right? Just stay out!
Yuuji: My apologies, ma'am! Sergeant Amane directed me to bring down the plates from your previous meal!
Yumiko: ...Is there a reason you're speaking to me in that bizarrely obsequious manner?
Yuuji: Yes, Ma'am! This is my attempt at offering you "masculine kindness"!
Yumiko: ...I have no idea what you're talking about... In any case, it feels horribly insincere, so I'd appreciate it if you stopped.
Yuuji: ...Okay, well... Amane told me that a certain shut-in perv's been staying up all night looking at porn on the internet...
Yuuji: Apparently, it's thrown off her hormone balance, causing irregular periods and general irritability, so I was instructed to treat her with kid gloves...
Yumiko: ...Uhh, let's see... What should I get angry about first...?
Yuuji: Why would you be angry? I don't get it.
Yumiko: First of all, let me make one thing very clear... it's not like I was up all night searching for indecent material, all right? 
Yumiko: ...That said, I suppose I wasn't browsing particularly wholesome websites, either...
Yuuji: Are you looking into whether someone might come after Makina or me...?
Yumiko: I suppose... Not that I'm doing it for your sake, exactly. I'm just trying to make sure I don't get caught in the crossfire...
Yuuji: Sorry... seems like we're always causing you headaches...
Yumiko: Really, it's not like I went out of my way for you.
Yumiko: I've been spending a lot of time playing with futures and foreign exchanges lately. Using those resources, I'm keeping an eye on how the Irisu clan moves their money and personnel.
Yuuji: Did anything jump out at you?
Yumiko: There's nothing suspicious at the moment. Kiyoka-san herself seems to have lost all interest in Irisu-san... In fact, it seems like she's now actively avoiding her.
Yumiko: But of course, that doesn't mean you can rest easy. The matter's more complicated than that...
Yuuji: Makina's now part of an organization that isn't easy for them to interfere with, and she's learned a lot about defending herself. I don't think she's in danger at the moment, but we've obviously got to remain vigilant.
Yumiko: ...Are you really planning to turn Irisu-san into a soldier...?
Yuuji: Well, "soldier" isn't quite the word... but this is what Makina wants.
Yumiko: ...I won't deny that she's a clever young woman, with an uncommon ability to adapt... In a narrow sense, she might be suited to a career in the military...
Yumiko: But...
Yuuji: I know what you're getting at... And I'm always thinking about everything that could go wrong, too...
Yuuji: It's not like I'm willingly pushing her down this path, you know...?
Yuuji: Back when we were basically playing make-believe, it didn't feel like that big a deal... but dropping her into the field and putting her up against genuinely dangerous "obstacles" is another matter entirely.
Yuuji: For all her talent, Makina's seriously lacking in one of the qualities that's most important for a soldier to possess...
Yumiko: What exactly are you referring to...?
Yuuji: Luck.
Yuuji: When things get truly hellish... when you're faced with a situation that individual skill can't possibly change, and you run out of strength and willpower... whether you live or die all comes down to sheer luck.
Yuuji: At the end of the day, I didn't survive this long because I trained my ass off, or because of the talents I was born with... More than anything else, I just got lucky.
Yuuji: You can train your body and toughen your mind, but you can't do anything about the star you were born under...
Yuuji: In that sense, Michiru might actually be better suited to a career as a soldier. If you could bottle that girl's luck, you'd make a killing in no time...
Yumiko: ...Hold on... you're not actually planning to mix Matsushima-san up in this, are you?
Yuuji: You've got to be kidding. Bringing an idiot like that into the field is just asking to get your entire squad wiped out... You'd be better off requisitioning a stray dog with mange.
Yumiko: Still, I believe I heard you've been giving Komine-san some peculiar training lately...
Yuuji: Yeah, but not of the military nature. I was just teaching her how to improve her blowjobs.
Yumiko: ...I hate it when you make vulgar jokes.
Yuuji: That a fact? Sorry.
Yumiko: In any case, you're free to pursue happiness however you like... but I'd advise you to think your actions over carefully. There won't be any second chances if you end up dead.
Yuuji: I'm well aware...
Yumiko: Good grief... Thanks to you, my nice cold somen noodles have gotten all lukewarm...
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah. Sorry about that. Just hand over the gruesome remains of your midnight snack already, will you?
Yumiko: Oh, shut up! Here! Now leave me alone!
Yuuji: ...That woman's as short-tempered as ever...
Narration: *It's not like I needed a lecture from Sakaki.*
Narration: *I'm aware of the risks. But if Makina's decided to accept them, then I've just got to deal with it.*
Narration: *All I can do now is keep running... and stay a little bit ahead of Makina on the road she's chosen.*
Narration: *It's as simple as that.*
Narrator: Meanwhile... desperate to fill her empty stomach, Irisu Makina was chasing after a white leghorn chicken which had been dropped from a helicopter!!
Makina: Norwaaah!! Hold it right there, leghoooorn!!!
Moriguchi: It went to the right, Irisu!! Circle around from the other side!! We'll catch it between us!!
Makina: Hell yeaaaah!! Yer not gettin' away from me, punk!!!!
Makina: ...Got him!! Ranger Irisu reportin'... I've captured me a leghorn!!!
Moriguchi: All right, well done! Hold on tight!! Don't let it squirm free!!
Makina: No worries. Uryaaa!!
Moriguchi: ...Hey!!
Makina: Once ya snap its neck, it won't be runnin' anywhere ever again.
Moriguchi: Whoa... seriously? You didn't even hesitate... That's kinda creepy...
Makina: Hmmm? The instructors said it was okay, right? Everyone's gonna kill 'em! Let's get eatin' already!
Moriguchi: ...It's just disturbing to see someone who looks like you kill something that ruthlessly... You're surprisingly cruel, huh?
Makina: Comes with bein' a "kid," I guess! It's just th' way I am. Anyway, if yer too wimpy to pull the trigger when ya need to, it's gonna bite you in the ass eventually. Just look at my Papa!
Makina: If Papa can't pull th' trigger, I'll do it for him! A soldier who hezzy-tates is as good as dead! Ain't that why we're out here training!?! Well, Ranger Moriguchi!?!
Moriguchi: Uh... hoo-ah...?
Makina: Incidentally, Ranger Moriguchi!!
Moriguchi: ...What now?
Makina: Why d'they call these things "leghorns," anyway?
Moriguchi: ...Does that really matter right now...?
Narrator: Survival of the fittest! That is the fundamental law of this world! The truth behind the facade!
Narrator: There's steel in Irisu Makina's spine, and fire in her eyes! In the face of her determination, Ranger Moriguchi can only shudder! What on earth could have happened to this diminutive young woman!?
Narrator: Who can know the turmoil in Moriguchi's heart? Who can know his anguish!? In time, the squad begins their midday meal!!
Makina: Maaan. The grub was pretty lousy in America too, but these Japanese rations are a whole 'nother level of awful!
Makina: What's the deal with this dried-out hunk of rice? Does this even count as food!? And they only gave one fer the both of us! What's the deal with that!?
Moriguchi: Putting up with terrible food is part of the training. Be grateful they're giving us anything at all.
Makina: Heh heh heh! Figured somethin' like this might happen. I bought myself some packaged meals beforehand! Let's eat these instead!
Moriguchi: Gah! Seriously!? You're one sneaky little punk... The instructor's gonna knock you flying if he finds out about this.
Makina: I got an extra one for th' instructor, so it's all good. Heck, they're all eatin' tasty civilian food in their tents, ya know? The army's all about bendin' the rules!
Makina: Anyhoo, let's get to it. A soldier's job is all about eatin', sleepin', diggin' holes, and marchin'!
Moriguchi: ...Like I said, we're not part of the military... Well, whatever. Looks like the bird's almost done cooking...
Instructor: "Enemy attaaaaaaaaaaaack!!!"
Moriguchi: ...What!?
Makina: Gwaaah! Seriously!?! I thought this was just an American thing!!
Instructor: "Stop lollygagging, you little pukes!! When I say enemy attack, that means enemy attack!! Drop your food and get running!!"
Moriguchi: Damn it!!! Hoo-aaaaah!!!
Narrator: The brutal training is dragging on! Fatigue and hunger are taking their toll! This lunch was hard-won and well-deserved! But even this long-awaited moment of relief is snatched away at the whim of a sadistic instructor!
Narrator: Reality is cruelty itself! And war is reality in its purest form!
Narrator: Endurance marching at a truly blistering pace! Simulated combat against an enemy recon team lying in ambush! Simulated demolition of an enemy communication post!
Narrator: Only those who overcome all of these harsh tests will earn the glorious prize that is the "diamond badge"!
Narrator: The diamond that shines brilliantly at the center of a laurel wreath... that is the mark of a true elite! It is the symbol of an indomitable will... of the fortitude to carry out your mission in the face of every hardship!
Narration: *In time, the various examinations run their course. The triumphant trainees, each bearing a shining emblem of courage on their chest, are seen off by a brass band.*
Narration: *―And soon enough, my beloved "daughter" returns to me even stronger than before.*
Makina: Irisu Makina reporting! I have returned to duty!!
Yuuji: Right, good work out there! At ease!!
Makina: Sir!!
Yuuji: ...Welcome back, Makina...
Makina: I'm home, Papa!
Yuuji: Did you have fun?
Makina: Hmm... yeah, sorta! But I'm real friggin' tired!
Yuuji: The bath's ready and waiting. Feel free to take your time in there.
Makina: Mmkay then. You're comin' in with me, Papa!
Yuuji: And here I thought you'd come back all grown up. Guess you're still spoiled rotten...
Makina: Even grown-ups want their quality time, right!?
Yuuji: Well, I suppose...
Narration: *Makina's still Makina, even if she does get a few new badges pinned to her chest.*
Narration: *That's just fine by me, of course. I'll do anything I can to keep her just the way she is.*
Narration: *Back when Asako was alive... I think she did the same for me.*
Narration: *―Following her successful training session, Makina proceeds to pass a number of practical and written tests.*
Narration: *In the end, despite some concerns about her background, she receives her domestic license on the strength of her "excellent" technical skills and inherent abilities.*
Narration: *The only remaining problem is whether she'll be posted within Japan... and whether they'll allow her to stay in Mishima Cape.*
Narration: *She may have a license now, but the girl's still at the absolute bottom of the ladder. She doesn't have the luxury of choosing her appointment.*
Narration: *There's always the option of throwing a temper tantrum and threatening to desert, but unfortunately, Uncle Sam isn't quite nice enough to let you get away with that.*
Narration: *I might be able to manage something if this only concerned me, but at this point Makina's a full-fledged agent in her own right. I can't keep dragging her around as my backup forever.*
Narration: *From the company's point of view, we're unusually valuable assets that they invested time and money into developing. Spreading us out probably seems perfectly logical.*
Yuuji: ...I do know I'm asking the unreasonable... but that's exactly why I came to you for help...
JB: "Look, mister... I'm not all-powerful here! Human Resources and Administration are the ones who decide where you're posted. I'm in Operations and Intelligence. Understand?"
JB: "For the record, just getting you onto the reserve so you could attend Mihama was a complete nightmare. I pushed my luck half a dozen times! I used personal connections and got orders issued over my superiors' heads!"
JB: "HR already hates my guts! What more do you want from me!?"
Yuuji: Don't be angry... I'm grateful, of course. We'll do our jobs properly from now on...
JB: "That should go without saying! You can't push me around that easily!"
Makina: Check it out, Papa! Ama-nee bought me some new clothes! Whaddaya think!? Pretty good, right?
Yuuji: Oh, Makina... sorry, I'm on the phone. Can you be quiet for a minute?
Makina: Nwo? On th' phone? With who?
JB: "...What? Is Makina right there with you?"
Yuuji: Sorry, one second. I'll quiet her down...
Narration: *I slide my cellphone shut, automatically placing the call on hold.*
Yuuji: Makinaaa... when I'm talking on the black cell phone, that means it's about work. Haven't we been over this...?
Makina: Uh, that's th' yellow one yer using.
Yuuji: ...Huh? Ah. Dammit, you're right. Force of habit...
Makina: Nuh-oh... ya can't tell th' difference between yellow an' black any more...? Did yer family run a painting business, Papa?
Yuuji: Shut up. This isn't "yellow," by the way. It's gold.
Makina: Is that really important right now?
Yuuji: In any case, I'm in the middle of an important discussion with JB. If you need something, then just be patient for a while.
Makina: Tch... what th' heck...? So lame...
Narration: *Puffing out her cheeks sulkily, Makina totters over to my bed and throws herself down on top of it.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry to keep you waiting, JB...
JB: "Are you good...?"
Yuuji: Yeah. So anyway... is there really nothing you can do?
JB: "As I've already told you, nothing good ever comes of intelligence meddling in HR decisions."
Yuuji: But the case officer writes up the record they base those decisions on, right? They specifically mentioned her background might be problematic. Couldn't you take advantage of that somehow?
JB: "That particular problem is exactly why they're so eager to ship her off somewhere nice and remote for safekeeping."
Yuuji: They want to keep their "bargaining chip" locked safely away, huh...?
JB: "Essentially, yes. She may have been effectively disowned by her family, but... when the Irisu are involved, matters are never quite that simple."
Yuuji: I'll take full responsibility.
JB: "And how do you intend to do that? I mean, it's pretty obvious you just want to be with Makina."
Yuuji: What's wrong with that...? If you really can't make this happen, then at least assign me to the same post as her... That shouldn't be too hard, right?
JB: "Wasn't your goal to keep Makina at Mihama? Seems like that would defeat the purpose of all this."
Yuuji: It's the greatest compromise I can offer. I'm not leaving Makina, no matter who orders me to.
JB: "...Is she that important to you?"
Yuuji: That's right, she is...
Yuuji: ...Hm? Gwoh!?
JB: "...What is it? Something wrong?"

Narration: *―All of sudden, I've regained the peaceful life I left behind.*
Narration: *It's not like I was miserable in America, but now that I'm back, I'm realizing all over again how much my life in Mihama Academy meant to me.*
Amane: Come on, you little punks!! Breakfast's ready!! Stop wasting time!! Eat your food and go to school!!
Makina: Good mornin', Ama-nee!! What's fer breakfast!?
Amane: Ooh? Makina, you're the first one here? Nice job, kiddo.
Amane: Today, we've got one of your favorites. Rye bread sandwiches! We've got ham, cheese, bacon, tomato, and eggs! Put whatever you want in there!
Makina: Yaaaaay!! Yer MVP of the day, Ama-nee!!
Yuuji: Morning, Amane. Did you get a chance to make that special breakfast I asked for?
Amane: Ah, good morning, Yuuji. You mean the spinach salad, right? Yeah, it's ready and waiting.
Yuuji: Sorry for the trouble. My doctor's been saying I need more iron in my diet.
Amane: It's fine. Didn't really take that long. Anyway... it sure is something, seeing you in a school uniform again.
Yuuji: Hrm... guess it's been a while since the last time I wore a tie. Does it look odd on me?
Amane: Nope. Personally, I think Mihama's uniform is a real good fit for you, Yuuji.
Makina: Awwright then! Let's eat our breakfast! Whoever finishes first wins!!
Yuuji: What was that...? You think you can beat me in an eating contest? You've got another thing coming.
Amane: Uh, look, nobody's going to snatch it away from you. Take your time...
Narration: *I'm not sure myself exactly how it turned out this way...*
Narration: *But according to the email Chiara sent me late last night, Papa and I have been authorized to re-enroll as students in Mihama Academy.*
Makina: But seriously, why'd they give the okay all of a sudden? Seems way too convenient.
Yuuji: Well, you are one hell of a pain in the neck, kid. Maybe everyone they tried to pass you off on just said no?
Makina: Whaaat? Really? That kinda pisses me off a little, ac'shully...
Yuuji: Nah, it was more "JB magic" than anything else... After that phone call yesterday, she apparently used one of her trump cards for us...
Makina: Ooh. JB really is somethin', huh? Pretty damn impressive fer a blonde.
Yuuji: She might be a blonde, but that doesn't mean she's in the same category as Michiru. The woman's a pro at what she does...
Yuuji: I haven't heard all the details myself, but it sounds like she made a veiled threat to expose some personal misbehavior by the head of HR.
Yuuji: She wasn't at all certain if it was going to work... Fortunately, the man had a guilty conscience.
Makina: ...Was it money? A woman?
Yuuji: Both...
Makina: Gotcha. Dang, that JB sure knows what she's doin'...
Makina: Too bad my case officer's totally worthless in comparison.
Makina: All that four-eyed Innoshima dork's good for is passin' down orders from the people upstairs, ya know?
Yuuji: Don't say that. She's got a nice ass, right? And she wears glasses.
Makina: What's her butt got ta do with anything? Much less th' glasses?
Yuuji: Well, never mind that. One way or another, we wormed our way back into this garbage dump of a school.
Makina: True 'nuff. Turned out okay in the end, I guess!
Sachi: Good morning, Maki-chan! And good morning to you as well, Kazami-san!
Makina: Oh, Sacchin! Mornin'!!
Yuuji: Good morning, Sachi.
Sachi: Please allow me to state that I am truly overjoyed to be attending school with you both once again...
Makina: Heck yeah! Guess I'll be in yer hair again fer a while, chief!
Yuuji: Okay, don't act like you're a career criminal on your third visit to jail...
Makina: Why not? You just called this place a "garbage dump," fer cryin' out loud...
Yuuji: Anyway, where's Michiru? She's not with you this morning?
Sachi: Ah, yes... I'm afraid Michiru-sama stayed up quite late reading manga, which caused her to oversleep...
Sachi: And she was eating her breakfast so sluggishly that I decided to leave her behind.♪
Yuuji: I feel like you've been treating Michiru really harshly lately, Sachi... Is it just my imagination?
Michiru: "Waaaait uuuup!! Saaaachiiiii!!"
Sachi: Well, speak of the devil. Michiru-sama has arrived...
Michiru: "What's your problem!?! You don't have to leave me behind just because I overslept! Geez!! Omnmnmgh."
Makina: ...Chiruchiru's runnin' at us with a piece of bread hangin' out of her mouth... Was that manga she was readin' last night some kinda super-cliched shoujo series?
Yuuji: Come on. No matter how stupid Michiru may be, surely she isn't that easily influenced...
Sachi: However... she appears to be charging at us as if preparing to deliver a tackle...
Yuuji: ...Hey, what the... Hold it, Michiru...!
Michiru: "...Hmmph!!"
Yuuji: ...Gwoh!?
Michiru: What the heck!? Why don't you look where you're going!? You're gonna hurt someone!!
Yuuji: You're the one who smashed into me!! I didn't move an inch!!
Michiru: Excuse me!? You bumped into a girl, right!? Stop making excuses and apologize!!
Yuuji: Okay, you're just talking complete nonsense now...
Michiru: So rude! Hmph! Honestly, I can't stand you! I'm gonna be late, so I'll let it slide for now, but you better watch your back!
Yuuji: Ah! Hey, hold it! Are you serious!?
Sachi: ...She said her piece, then rushed right off again...
Makina: You knew Chiruchiru was chargin' at you. Why didn't ya just step outta the way?
Yuuji: Because she would've fallen and injured herself...
Makina: Heh... You worry too much, Papa.
Yuuji: Seriously, though... What was the point of all that?
Sachi: ...I'm sure that will become clear once you make it to the classroom.
Yuuji: ...Okay, so I came to the classroom...
Michiru: Aah!! You're that jerk from this morning!! Are you the transfer student everyone's talking about!?
Yuuji: ...And this is my answer? So lame... So incredibly lame...
Sachi: ...Does anyone else have a hunch that a new romance is about to begin?
Yuuji: Hell no...
Michiru: ...Kuh! I lost hours of sleep thinking up "Operation Violent Collision with a Beautiful Girl Carrying Bread in her Mouth"... and this is all I get!?
Makina: Ahahaha! Tough luck, Chiruchiru! By the way, Papa's my man.
Narration: *―Yep. This is exactly the life I've always wanted.*
Narration: *I don't want to lose these peaceful moments. And I'll do anything it takes to hold on to them.*
Makina: ...Nwo?
Michiru: Makina! Why is your phone ringing!? You're supposed to turn it off before class starts!
Makina: Ah, yeah... uhhh... sorry, gimme a sec...
Sachi: Uhm... Maki-chan? Class is about to begin...
Makina: Hey. 9029 here...
Chiara: "...You've got a job, V-9029..."
Makina: Oh, fer cryin' out loud... Already? On my first day back? Gimme a break here...
Chiara: "...Okay, look... you don't have the right to refuse orders. Get prepared right now! The situation is type B, semi-alert! Your ride will be there in 20 minutes, so be ready for them!"
Makina: ...Tch, fine... whatever. I'll do it, so stop shriekin' in my ear. Friggin' four-eyes...
Chiara: "Don't call me that!!"
Yuuji: ...Was that call from Chiara?
Makina: Oh... Papa...
Yuuji: Let me talk to her for a minute...
Makina: Huh? Er, okay...
Yuuji: ...Is that you, Chiara? This is I-9029...
Chiara: "Ah, yes... thank you for looking after V for us..."
Yuuji: Let's skip the pleasantries. I'll bring Makina to the site, so you can cancel the pickup. Email me a map and have the "toys" delivered there. Two sets - one for each of us.
Chiara: "Ah... uhm... okay. Roger that."
Yuuji: ...You heard that, Makina? Let's go.
Makina: Huh? You're comin' too, Papa? I can handle myself just fine, ya know...
Yuuji: There's not much time. Let's hurry.
Makina: Uh, okay...
Narration: *The company's holding my life here hostage, so I can't say no. In the end, I'm sent running right back out into the field... and Papa tags along too.*
Narration: *He just doesn't get it. The whole reason I got into this line of work was so he could take it easy...*
Yuuji: ...You did remember to put a disposable diaper on, right?
Makina: Yep, no worries.
Yuuji: It's going to take about an hour to reach the site. Before we get there, use the eyedrops in the dashboard and give your eyes some rest...
Makina: Got it.
Yuuji: ...Wait, let's synchronize our watches first. Set it to 58 minutes on my mark, all right?
Makina: Mm. Okay...
Yuuji: 5... 6... 7... 8... 9... go!
Makina: ...1... 2... 3... 4... 5... 6...
Yuuji: All right, we're good. Let's get this operation started, then...
Makina: Yep. Roger that.
Narration: *With one phone call, I'm pulled from a warm, happy life into one that stinks of gunpowder...*
Narration: *But no matter what, Papa's always at my side. And as of today, I've got a place to come home to.*
Narration: *The world's a warm, cozy place. Sometimes sad things happen... but that's just another part of life.*
Narration: *Even now, the earth's spinning through space, filled with a whole lot of peace, a little bit of fear, and a few billion people. In one little corner of that planet, I'm doing my best to get by.*
Narration: *There's a long road ahead. It's not gonna be an easy one. And who knows what's waiting for me at the end?*
Narration: *But like they say, life's all about the journey. As long as I'm alive, there's a few things I want to protect.*
Narration: *Beyond that little cloud of fear, I think I can see a hint of light. Maybe it's "kindness." Maybe it's "hope."*
Narration: *My eyes closed, sitting quietly in the passenger seat of a car crawling through a world of darkness, I dream a small dream.*
Narration: *I dream that the road ahead is bathed in sunlight. I dream of a world bright with hope. *
Narration: *And all I can pray for... is that I'll get there someday.*

Makina: ...Aaah... mmmm... uuu... mmm... aah... aaah...
Narration: *I mean, I don't have any reason to turn her down, but five times in a row is a little much...*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Makina... let's take a little break, okay? My head's spinning, and my dick's starting to hurt...
Makina: ...Mmm... Okay then... I;mma come one more time... mmm... then we can rest... I'm almost there, so keep it up... fer just a little longer, 'kay?... mmmmm!
Yuuji: ...Aaah... Man, you're needy today... did something bad happen...?
Makina: ...Not really...
Yuuji: Something did happen, huh? You know, kid, you've gotta learn to keep a poker face... Did Chiara say something to you?
Makina: ...Ugh...
Yuuji: Whenever something bad happens, you always try to forget it with sex... I heard your cell phone ringing after dinner, by the way. Don't think you can hide things from me, kid...
Makina: ...Uuuu... Well, Chiara called me a bunch of times today, right? I kinda "deferred" her fer a while... but after dinner I figgered I better just get it over with...
Makina: And ya know what? She was suuuper mad... said "Yer really tickin' me off, squirt"... wasn't even tryin' ta hide her accent...
Yuuji: Well, of course she was mad...
Narration: *The moment Makina got here, she took out equipment and used it on her own without permission. I told Chiara I'd take responsibility, but it's definitely not going to look good on her record.*
Narration: *Under the circumstances, it must have been pretty damn infuriating to get her calls answered by a message saying "I'm in the middle of an operation and cannot reply."*
Yuuji: Chiara's a pretty serious girl, although you wouldn't know it to look at her... kinda like JB, really. Don't get her too mad, or she might just break down in tears on you...
Makina: I mean... yeah. I know I did something bad an' all...
Makina: But where does she get off tellin' me not ta have sex with you anymore? Like, what's that got ta do with my job, man?
Yuuji: Ahhh...
Narration: *Our 'company' doesn't exactly forbid office romance, but they don't really want members of the same unit to be in a relationship.*
Narration: *Sometimes you might be ordered to let your partner die. The higher ups try to eliminate any factors that would sway your judgement if that moment comes.*
Yuuji: ...I can see where Chiara's coming from...
Makina: ...What th' heck... Are you taking her side too, Papa...? Is it 'cause she's got a big ass...?
Yuuji: Where the hell did that come from?
Makina: Chiara told me yer always staring at her butt... said ya probably like girls with big asses...
Yuuji: Hmm... well, she does have a nice plump ass, for sure. It'd probably be fun to spank while you're fucking her...
Makina: Hey, Papa...
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Makina: Am I just... a convenient onahole ta you, or what?
Yuuji: Hmm... well, what does it matter if you are? I love onaholes, so it's not really a problem.
Makina: ...Really...?
Yuuji: You're a very special onahole that I've molded into the perfect size for me... actually... let's go with a "leather jacket" metaphor instead, maybe?
Yuuji: When you first put on a new leather jacket, it's always stiff and tight. But after a year of wearing one, it fits a lot better and is much more comfortable to wear...
Yuuji: It becomes a part of you... just slipping your arm through its sleeves is comforting, somehow...
Makina: ...Do you... need me...?
Yuuji: I don't know what I'd do without you...
Makina: ...Keep goin'...
Yuuji: Hm?
Makina: Yer hips ain't shaking anymore... I said keep going!
Yuuji: ...Hrm... you're blushing a little, aren't you?
Makina: Ah, shut up... get back ta the fuckin' already...
Yuuji: Well, all right then...
Makina: ...Nhaah! Aaah! Aaah!
Narration: *I understand exactly how it feels to wonder if anyone really "needs" you.*
Narration: *I wonder how Asako handled me... when I asked her the same question...*
Narration: *She wasn't really the type to beat around the push. Probably just said "I need you, kid." *
Narration: *When you really need someone in your life... I suppose it's best to put it as plainly as possible.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Makina... have your boobs been growing recently...?
Makina: Mmm... have they? I'm not really sure myself... But yer the one touchin' em every day, so I guess you'd know better than me...
Makina: Ya think they'll get as big as Ama-nee's if they keep growin' like this...?
Yuuji: They don't need to. I like the size they're at right now.
Makina: ...Really? I can't give ya much of a titty fuck with these...
Yuuji: Yeah, but you can still give me a nipple-fuck right? I'm pretty fond of those too...
Makina: ...Hmm... really? But those don't feel that good, right?
Yuuji: That's not true at all. I like the texture of your nipples... and it always makes me really happy to see you trying so hard to get me off. It always gets me in the mood for more...
Makina: ...I see... Well, I'll give em to ya anytime ya want...
Yuuji: Open your mouth, Makina.
Makina: ...Hm?
Yuuji: You like it when I kiss you while I'm going in deep, right?
Makina: Mmm... sure... go on an' kiss me... while ya tickle my womb... haah... mm... nmmm... *smack*
Yuuji: ...Here I go, Makina...
Makina: ...Haah! Th-That's good... It feels so good, Papa! You're all the way inside me... my pussy's all tingly...! G-Go on... even deeper!
Yuuji: Like this...?
Makina: ...Uuu! Mmmm! Mmmmm! Mmmmmm!!
Yuuji: Your tiny pussy's so good at sucking me in, Makina... it's like you're trying to pull me deep inside you...
Makina: Aaah... mmm... do ya like that? Does my pussy feel good...?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's the best pussy ever... I can't imagine living without it...
Makina: Mmmm... aah... noo... Yer being even rougher than usual, Papa... Yer gonna break my pussy at this rate...
Yuuji: Don't worry, pussies are pretty sturdy things. Here, I'll show you...
Makina: Oh hey... look at that... my loli pussy's... taking all of your thick fat cock, huh...? My juices are starting to foam around it... pretty erotic stuff!
Yuuji: It's pretty erotic, all right... and you're one slutty brat. Only a dirty girl would have a pussy as dirty as this...
Makina: Yep... I'm one bad, bad girl. So now ya gotta punish my loli pussy... with yer dick, right?
Makina: Punish it so hard... that my pussy gets molded to the shape of yer dick...
Yuuji: I love you, Makina... I love this lewd little pussy... and I love your jiggly little boobs... I love every part of you...
Makina: Aha, that makes me happy... I... love yer dick too Papa... so ya can be as rough as you want. Anythin' ya wanna do... is fine with me... mmm!
Yuuji: All right, Makina... I'm gonna come inside...
Makina: Go fer it... thrust all the way into my loli pussy... stick yer dick right into my womb... and let it all out, okay?
Yuuji: Open your mouth. I'm gonna kiss you while I come...
Makina: Hamu... mm... mmmmm! Come...! Come inside me...! Fill me up with yer semen...!
Makina: Mmmm!!!
Makina: Naaaah! It's pouring out...! Your semen's pouring... into my tummy! Fwaaaaahn!
Yuuji: ...It's not over yet... have some of this too...
Makina: Nhoooooh! Stop pwayin' wiff my butt!! Yer gonna... make my pushy tighten up again...!!
Yuuji: ...Aaaah... You're really clamping down... it's like you're trying to squeeze every last drop of sperm out of me...
Makina: Aaaaaaaah!! Nhaaaaah!! Aaaah... haah... haaah... Dicks are... friggin' amashin'...
Yuuji: "Amashing," huh...? Heh...
Makina: Hey! Don't laugh! What's wrong with calling amashin' stuff amashin'?
Yuuji: Haha... Sorry... Your pussy was amashin' too, Makina.
Makina: ...Really? In that cashe... I'll let you tashte my amashing pussy whenever you want...
Yuuji: ...Mhmm... 
Makina: Ahhn... wait... don't pull out yet... I wanna... stay like this fer a bit longer...
Yuuji: You really like being spoiled, don't you...
Yuuji: But if we just stay like this, you'll end up falling asleep. At least wash yourself off first. Come here...
Makina: Boooo... okay then, carry me!
Yuuji: ...Like this...?
Makina: Ow ow ow ow!! Stop!! I didn't say anything about pickin' me up by th' head, ya know!?
Yuuji: Like this, then?
Makina: Hey! Yowww! Don't grab my boobies! Carry me normally, why don'tcha!?
Yuuji: Well, you know me. I love breasts from the bottom of my heart.
Makina: Hrrrm... Well, now I can't bring myself to turn ya down... Fine, then. Squeeze 'em all you like...
Yuuji: I was just kidding. C'mon, wrap your arms around my neck...
Makina: Mm...
Yuuji: Hmm. You might have gained a little weight, but you're still pretty damn light...
Makina: So what? Makes it easier ta swing me around while we're havin' sex, right? 
Yuuji: True enough.
Yuuji: Okay then. Hot water incoming...
Makina: ...Abobagabogegageboga...
Yuuji: ...Hm. Which one of these is the shampoo?
Makina: Oh, that one. I borrowed it from Chiruchiru. Kinda smells like one of them bathroom air fresheners!
Yuuji: ...Come on, kid... You could at least compare it to the smell of a grapefruit peel...
Makina: Nwo!? Who the heck are you!?!
Yuuji: That would be you. Don't get startled by your own reflection in the mirror...
Makina: Uwoh, that scared me. Without my ribbons, I look just like my mom. Friggin' nauseatin'...
Yuuji: Well, your mom does have a cute face... Shame she's a nightmare in every other respect...
Makina: Hwaaaah!! A truly dreadful thought just ran through my head fer the very first time!!
Yuuji: Oh really...? That doesn't sound good... Care to elaborate?
Makina: C-Could it be... even when I'm fully grown, I'm just gonna have a body like my mom's...?
Yuuji: Hrm... well, I have to admit... I could see you looking a lot like her in a couple decades...
Makina: ...W-Wh-What do I do? My mom's flat as a board...! Gwahh! Dammit!
Makina: I was totally plannin' on turning into a busty babe like Ama-nee!! Fuck!!
Yuuji: Well... you're not really growing that much, unfortunately... Barely got any taller in the last year...
Yuuji: Come to think of it, I'm impressed a puny kid like you even got through the enlistment exam... Isn't the minimum height for a woman 155 centimeters?
Makina: Even on my tiptoes, I only got to 150 cm. But then I made puppy-dog eyes at th' inspector, and he gave me a bit of a bonus.
Yuuji: ...Well, sometimes they let you enlist on the assumption you'll grow a little. But I bet the clothes and shoes they issued you didn't really fit...
Makina: I wore two pairs of winter socks with the shoes, just like ya told me to. As fer the clothes, they were pretty darn baggy, but Instructor Walker altered 'em for me! Kept callin' me a "stupid pipsqueak" while he worked.
Yuuji: Eddie Walker? That guy always was a soft touch... Didn't know he was an instructor now. The old crybaby's come a long way...
Makina: Crybaby? He's pretty famous fer bein' a hardass, ya know.
Makina: First thing he said ta me was, "Your father was a pipsqueak too, but you're even punier!" Oh, and "If the clothes don't fit, then make yourself bigger!" Whatever th' heck that means.
Yuuji: No kidding? You know, that guy might be huge, but he's actually pretty lousy in a fight.
Makina: Ooh, yep. I found that out myself. We were practicin' hand-to-hand combat one day, an' I got a hold of his collar. I wrapped my arms around his neck an' gave him a good swift kick upside th' head!
Yuuji: Oh yeah? Bet he stood there with his knees trembling and said "I just got careless, you little punk!"
Makina: Yeah, totally! Right before he said "Guess I'll let you off easy for now!"
Makina: See? I beat an instructor! Doesn't that mean I'm ready fer action? I can take over your job any time, Papa!
Yuuji: Don't get ahead of yourself, kid...
Makina: ...Abagebogobogabo...
Yuuji: In the first place, the only thing I taught you was self-defense skills. I wasn't training you to kill people...
Makina: ...I mean, I know what yer sayin', but...
Yuuji: It's not too late to reconsider, you know? There's no point following in my footsteps. I'm not exactly a good person...
Makina: It's not like I'm imitatin' you or anything... I chose this path myself, all right? Don't go makin' this into some dumb sob story!
Yuuji: You really don't get it, do you...? When you kill someone, you're crossing a line. It's something that can't be undone... 
Makina: Well, Papa... you've killed people, right...?
Yuuji: ...Yes.
Yuuji: I know what it's like. And I don't want you to go through what I did...
Narration: *When I killed someone on the job, I'd go out drinking with my buddies that night, and I'd laugh like an idiot.*
Narration: *No matter how stupid the joke was, I laughed and laughed.*
Narration: *I laughed until it hurt, and I still didn't stop.*
Narration: *Eventually, the sweat running down my body would grow cold. And the laughter would fade away, replaced by uncontrollable trembling.*
Narration: *I trembled in terror. I trembled for joy at my survival. I trembled from regret for what I'd done.*
Narration: *My heart was cold, and the trembling wouldn't stop.*
Narration: *So I'd go out and sleep with women.*
Narration: *Eventually, my emotions grew numb.*
Narration: *I started to view death from a detached, almost philosophical perspective.*
Narration: *People die when their time's up. Simple as that.*
Narration: *There's no point asking if it's "just" or "fair."*
Narration: *Whether I myself lived or died no longer seemed particularly important.*
Narration: *If my luck ran out, I'd just have to accept it.*
Narration: *It was all just a game, anyway.*
Yuuji: I don't want you to ever feel that way...
Makina: I understand what ya mean...
Makina: Every once in a while... I think about the world I'm livin' in now, an' it gives me the shivers...
Makina: Sometimes, I wonder... why things turned out this way...
Makina: But here's th' thing, Papa... Until I've seen the same things you've seen, I probably can't do much to comfort you. I need ta understand what you went through...
Makina: So I wanna experience everything you experienced. I wanna suffer just like you did...
Makina: I don't understand everything about you yet... and that makes me sad...
Makina: Sometimes I catch ya lookin' off into the distance... and it feels like ya might just disappear on me... It makes me wanna cry.
Yuuji: Well... I know where you're coming from...
Narration: *I seem to remember saying something pretty similar to Asako myself...*
Narration: *And I'm sure it left her just as anguished and uncertain as I am right now.*
Yuuji: Still, you're just not ready yet...
Narration: *Sooner or later, a soldier's going to have to pull the trigger of their gun without the slightest hesitation.*
Narration: *The real point of all that training is to toughen you up mentally - so that you won't falter when the time comes.*
Narration: *We pull the trigger on behalf of those who can't.*
Narration: *That's what our job boils down to, really.*
Narration: *We're out there in place of our friends, our relatives, and thousands of complete strangers... And we make sure they can live their "normal lives" in blissful ignorance.*
Narration: *We don't need their gratitude.*
Narration: *In this line of work, it would actually make things harder.*
Yuuji: As long as I'm on active duty, I won't let you kill anyone. If you're that determined, you'll have to start with me...
Makina: Geez, yer takin' this a little far...
Yuuji: ...Well, you're basically all I've got left to live for...
Makina: Tell me somethin', Papa. Why'd you get into this line of work in th' first place?
Yuuji: Hmm? I had my reasons, of course. Didn't I explain this to you before?
Makina: Mmm... it was kinda long and complicated, so I think I mighta fell asleep halfway through... Gimme the eggs-eck-utive summary!
Yuuji: You want the short version, huh...?
Yuuji: I was a stupid kid born a few years after a genius. My parents never really cared about me. When my sister died in an accident, our family fell apart completely, and I ended up killing my own parents...
Yuuji: My life went from bad to worse, but eventually, a woman named Asako picked me up out of the dirt...
Yuuji: I ended up getting into this business for reasons a lot like yours... I desperately wanted to repay Asako for everything she'd done for me.
Yuuji: I think that about covers it... Satisfied now?
Makina: Hmm... ya simplified it so much that I don't really understand...
Yuuji: Come on, kid...
Makina: Gimme a little more detail!
Yuuji: It's kind of a long story... and it's all in the past now. Let's do this some other time...
Makina: Hey, Papa...?
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Makina: Is havin' me around... enough to keep you goin'...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Absolutely...
Makina: Really...?
Yuuji: Why would I lie about something like that?
Makina: Okay then... you win. I'll stop askin' about takin' over your job...
Yuuji: I'd appreciate that.
Makina: There's a condition, though!!
Yuuji: ...Should have known. What is it with women and their "conditions"?
Makina: Aw, don'tcha worry. It's nothin' too tough... I just want some of this.
Yuuji: ...Hey, stop grabbing my dick. It'll just get hard again.
Makina: Let's go one more time, 'kay? We still haven't done any gentle "princess-style" sex yet today.
Yuuji: Princess-style, huh...? I can't believe you still want to keep going...
Makina: C'mooon! You've just been fuckin' me senselesss like I'm some kinda sex toy here. I wanna actually "make love" fer a change, ya know...?
Yuuji: You don't understand anything, kid... princesses actually love it rough...
Makina: Wha...!? Seriously!?! How come ya sound like yer talking from experience? You'll pay fer that, bub!!
Yuuji: Owwww! Are you trying to crush my dick!?
Makina: This thing's mine!! Ya can't go around stickin' it in other girls!!
Yuuji: ...Not even Sachi?
Makina: Nghh... only blowjobs, that's it...
Yuuji: ...I don't really understand your rules for this... why would you actually say yes...?
Makina: I mean, Sacchin's done so much fer me... I sorta figure I owe her that much, at least...
Yuuji: Hmm... well, you do kiss her all the time yourself, don't you...?
Makina: Hey, I ain't no lesbo, 'kay!? I just love Sacchin, that's all.
Yuuji: Kind of sounds like you swing both ways to me...
Makina: Daagh! Whatever! Just fuck me already!? Fuck me hard from behind! Like a princess!
Yuuji: ...Sure, sure. Go on, put your hands there... ready?
Makina: Nyaaaaaaan!!
Yuuji: ...What the hell was that?
Makina: ...Mmm! Aaah!! Uwaah! Uuu!! Uuuuuuuuu!!!
Yuuji: Does it hurt?
Makina: Mmmm... I'm... fine...
Yuuji: Okay then... I'm gonna push it all in in one go.
Makina: ...Nhaaah! Ohooo! Oooooooooooohnn!
Yuuji: ...Makina..?
Makina: Aaah... haaah... haaah... haaah... 
Makina: I... just came... when ya stuck it all the way in like that... and hit my womb... it felt so good I thought I was gonna faint...
Yuuji: You've been getting really sensitive recently, you know that...?
Makina: Unlike guys... girls can come a whole bunch in one go, ya know? Mmmm... uwaah... my spine feels all tingly...
Yuuji: All right then... as you requested, I'm gonna fuck you senseless like a princess...
Makina: ...Hyaaahn!!
Yuuji: You love it when I toy with your clitoris too, don't you?
Makina: ...Yaaah! Shtop! I'm coming! Coming...!! If ya keep rubbing my clit... I'm gonna... aaaaah!!
Yuuji: Oooh... Your pussy's pretty tight at the best of times, but now it's really squeezing down hard...
Makina: Mmm! Eeegh!! Eeeee!! M-My hips... are movin' on their own!! Eeee! I'm bweakin'!!
Yuuji: Not yet, you're not... we haven't even gotten to all of your weak points, Makina. Like your nipples...
Makina: Hyaaaaaaah!! Not my nipples...! They're sho stiff it hurts... but... it feels so good when ya... roll 'em around in your fingers, Papa!
Makina: Hiii!! Aaah... Uwaaah! Aaah!  Aaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Yuuji: ...Hm? Did you just come again?
Makina: ...Auuu... yer sho meeean... I told you ta stop that...
Yuuji: Sorry, Makina. You just looked so cute that I couldn't control myself...
Makina: ...Uuu... Papa, you meanie...
Yuuji: Do you hate me now?
Makina: ...Yer a jerk... but I still love ya! Like my tsundere...?
Yuuji: Hmm, sounds like you're doing just fine to me... all right then, let's keep going.
Makina: Owaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahh! Ohoooooo!!!
Yuuji: Do you have to make those ridiculous sounds every time you get going...?
Makina: Yaah... I'm bweakin'...! That's... too deep, man! Yer gonna crush my womb! I'm gonna die! I'm dyin'!! It feels too good... yer killing meeeeeee!!!
Yuuji: ...But you're enjoying it, right?
Makina: Wh-What th' heck...? What are you... some TV infomercial guy... goin' "But it's expensive, right?" when... nhiiiii!
Yuuji: What the hell are you even talking about, girl...?
Makina: Hyaaaaah! Yer dick's... so hot! It's meltin' my pussy... an' my braiiiin! Hyaaaaaaahn! Yer turnin' my head into a pussyyyyy!
Yuuji: Hm. Well, I'll make sure to put some panties over your head later...
Makina: Nnguuuu... nmmmmmmmmgh!!
Yuuji: ...Unngh! Makina... you're clamping down too hard! At this rate, I'm gonna...
Makina: Ahiii!! Aaah! Aaah! Aaah! Aaah! Amazin'! Yer dick's goin'... so fast! Gimme more...! Keep thrustin'...! You can bweak my pussy if ya want!! 
Yuuji: ...All right, Makina... I'm about to come!
Makina: Yaaah! Nhooo! Don't pull out! Don't pull yer dick out!! Come inside me! Give me all yer baby batter... every last drop! Pour it right into my friggin' womb!
Yuuji: All right, here it comes... I'll give your pussy all my baby batter...
Makina: Ahaa! I'm sho happy!! Let it all out inshide my pussyyyyyy!!
Yuuji: ...Guh!!!
Makina: ...Mmm!! Nhiii!! Nguuuh! Th-There we go...! Yer boilin' baby batter... is pourin' right into my womb...! Mmmmmmm!!
Yuuji: I'm not done yet... See...!?
Makina: Oaaah! Oaaaaaah! Ooooh... Hoooooooh!!
Makina: O-Owww!! Owwowowow!! Yer ripping my tummy apart!! Don't come that much!! Yer gonna burst my belly with yer baby batter!!!
Yuuji: ...Makinaaa!!
Makina: Papaaaaaaa!!
Makina: Aha... Ama...zing... I can hear... all yer baby batter sloshin' around... inside my womb, Papa...
Yuuji: Damn. We might have really gotten you pregnant this time...
Makina: I think it's a safe day, but... well... it's fine either way, right? If I get knocked up then... I'll just have to raise our kid...
Makina: Chiara'd get pretty mad at me, though...
Yuuji: I'll just "persuade" her if it comes to that. She'll understand how you feel eventually...
Makina: Ahahahaha... is this persuasion gonna involve you knockin' her up, too? 
Yuuji: That's definitely the fastest way to help someone understand how it feels to be a mother...
Makina: Hahaha! Ya little rascal♪
Yuuji: Ah. Oww...

Makina: ...Fuheehee... rubby rub...
Yuuji: Guh! Makina, you idiot... cut it out!
JB: "What's going on?"
Yuuji: Uh, it's nothing! A-Anyway, please find some way to keep Makina at Mihama... And if that's just not possible, at least make sure I'm posted to the same... gah!?
Makina: ...Grind, grind... aahn, Papaaa... my widdle nipples standin' at attention, ya know...? Can ya feel how hard they are...?
Yuuji: Seriously, cut it out... I'm having a serious discussion about your future right now...
Makina: Yep, I know. And it makes me happy. That's why I'm rubbin' my nipples against ya...
JB: "Well... I'll make some calls, I suppose... Just don't expect any miracles."
Yuuji: ...Guh...
JB: "Are you listening to me, Yuuji?"
Yuuji: Yeah... I'm listening very closely...
Makina: ...Aahnn... my stiff nipples are all sticky with yer pre-come, Papa...
Makina: What now...? Wanna just come all over my pretty widdle tits...? Hm?
JB: "I suppose that just about covers it, then... I'll let you know if anything happens."
Yuuji: Right... please do...
Yuuji: ...Guh...!
Makina: ...Uwooh! Ya came, ya came...♪ And a whole bunch, too! Whoa, yer semen's really hot... ya might get me pregnant through my nipples...
Yuuji: Don't be an idiot... I said I was on the phone, right...? Couldn't you have waited a few minutes?
Makina: C'mooon... I've been so busy with the exams and all that I haven't spent any time with ya lately, Papa. We haven't even had time to have sex...
Makina: I figured we could bang all day today... but then I come into your room wearing this sexy outfit and see you on the phone with another woman. It's like... fuck that, ya know?
Makina: And then yer all like "I'm on the phone, kid. Shoo shoo" and try ta chase me out? That was a huge shock ya know? Here, lemme grind that in for ya... get 'em nice and slimy...
Yuuji: ...Okay, that still doesn't justify you interrupting my phone call... also, can you stop rubbing my cock like that? I just came, so I'm pretty sensitive here...
Makina: Tee hee hee. Worried yer gonna get hard again?
Yuuji: Don't "tee hee hee" me.
Makina: Geez, Papa. Ya just came and yer already this hard...? What a greedy dick. Ya sure got some guts. Fish guts!
Yuuji: What do fish guts have to do with anything...? Oh, wait... this is from that TV show you always watch, isn't it?
Makina: Yep. So what next...? Want me to get you off with my mouth? Or did Sacchin give ya so many blowjobs yer bored of 'em now?
Yuuji: ...Okay, look here... just for the record, I didn't make Sachi do anything.
Makina: Yeah, I figured, considerin' how much ya just came... Looks ta me like ya didn't even masturbate. Were you waiting for me ta get back this whole time?
Makina: Here... Aaaahn. Take a good look inside my mouth. It's been a while since you've been in there, right...?
Makina: Jammin' it in my mouth-pussy's way better than lettin' that blowjob-maid suck you off, right...? Wanna dump another load in here before we get to th' main event?
Yuuji: ...What's with the slut routine? Don't get carried away, kid. You're not worried I was sleeping around while you were gone or something, are you...?
Makina: ...Augh... Papa... you're not... cheatin' on me, are ya?
Yuuji: Of course not. I love you, Makina...
Makina: Gaaah, that sounds totally phony... But I can't help believin' you, and now I'm super happy. Gimme a pat on the head, Papa... I'm a good girl, right...?
Yuuji: Hmmm... I don't know. You've been pretty naughty lately...
Makina: ...Huh? That ain't true.
Yuuji: You literally just interrupted my phone call, remember? I think I've been too lenient on you lately. This calls for a bit of punishment.
Makina: ...Whatcha gonna "punish"?
Yuuji: Well, how about your asshole?
Makina: ...Fer real?
Yuuji: Look at my face. Do you think I'm joking?
Makina: Waaah!!
Narration: *With a little scream, Makina lets go of my dick and tries to scamper away... but I quickly seize her by the arm and pull her back.*
Makina: ...Fnyuuu!!
Narration: *As I pull her back toward me, Makina quickly swings her foot up to my arm, wraps herself around it, and then kicks viciously at my chin.*
Yuuji: ...Nuh!?
Narration: *I reflexively try to lean back, but the hold she's got on my arm makes it difficult to move.*
Narration: *And if I dodge the first kick, she's just going to let the momentum carry her around, then drive her other foot right into my face. It's better to just brace myself against this blow.*
Yuuji: Not good enough!!
Makina: ...Tch!!
Narration: *Surprised by the way I blunted the power of her kick, Makina fumbles the transition to her next move.*
Narration: *She squeezes my arm against her thigh, trying to dislocate my elbow, but that moment of hesitation has already doomed her to failure.*
Narration: *Maintaining a tight grip on Makina's ankle, I lift my arm high into the air, carrying her up with it.*
Yuuji: Hrrraaaaah!!
Makina: Uwa! Hey! Wait...!!
Narration: *"He's gonna slam me down onto the floor!!"*
Narration: *Having instantly reached this conclusion, Makina releases her grip, wraps her arms behind her head, and tucks in her chin. She's braced herself effectively against a blow to the back of her head.*
Yuuji: ...Fnngh!
Makina: ...Wofuh!?
Narration: *But instead of smashing her against the hard wooden floor, I toss her down on top of my bed.*
Narration: *As she blinks in confusion, I grab her ankle and pull her upside-down into the air, like a proud fisherman hoisting up his prize marlin at the harbor.*
Makina: Waaah! Uncle, uncle!! The blood's rushin' to my head, man!
Yuuji: Don't think you can beat me just because you picked up a few clever little tricks. You've got a long way to go, kid!!
Makina: Noooohooo!! Don't spank meeee!!
Yuuji: Are you going to apologize for interrupting my phone call?
Makina: ...Hmph!!
Yuuji: Don't you "hmph" me. Bad girl...
Makina: Nhoooo!!! Shtop... shtoooop! Not in theeeere! You'll bweak my buuuutt!!
Yuuji: ...Hmph... you're one stubborn woman. Guess I'll have to soften you up a little...
Makina: Oooh, amazing... Ya totally sound like a black-hearted villain, Papa. So cool...
Yuuji: Fell in love with me all over again, right? But I'm not done with you yet...
Makina: Uoooooohn! Nhooooo!! Pweeeease, nooo!! Two fingers is too much... you're gonna bweak meeeeee!!
Yuuji: ...Are you ready to apologize yet?
Makina: Pah! A little anal torture ain't enough to make me submit!! Hrrrngh!! Do whatever you want... I'll never give in!!
Yuuji: Oho, that's some pretty big talk. You think you're the heroine in some superhero story or something? Now I'm ticked off...
Makina: Do yer worst, villain!!
Yuuji: ...I'll really do it you know?
Makina: ...Huh? Uh... wait... seriously? C'mon, Papa... cut it out. My butt's not ready fer this... umm... there might still be some, you know... stuff left in there...? Hey!
Makina: Owaaah!! Hey! Listen to what I'm tellin' you!
Yuuji: Too late now, I'm afraid...
Makina: ...Hngiiii!! Ow, ow, owwwwww!! Yer tearing my butt aparrrrt!
Yuuji: Man, this really is tight... I'm not even sure I'll fit in here... If you wanna apologize, now's the time.
Makina: ...H-Hmph! I've got nuthin' to apologize for.
Yuuji: It hurts, right? Come on, just a simple sorry and it'll be all over... I'll even pat you on the head and call you a good girl.
Makina: Nghhh... That kinda plea bargaining ain't gonna work on me! Yer a jerk, Papa!
Yuuji: What the...? Are you going through a rebellious stage? Girls that don't listen to their fathers... need to be punished!!
Makina: Nhiii!! Noooo!! Stoooop! Hyaaah! Aaaah! Don't push so hard!!
Yuuji: ...Kuh... It's not over yet!
Makina: Hiiiin!! Ugh! Gwaaaaaaah!! 
Yuuji: You're holding up pretty well... but this is your first time taking it in the ass, isn't it? Does it hurt?
Makina: It huuuurts!!
Yuuji: Then stop being stubborn and apologize... go on...
Makina: Higuuu! Aaaah! My butt... hurts... Mmmm!! Mmmm! Aaah! Uwaaah!!
Yuuji: Hey, Makina...
Makina: Waah... waaah... fweh?
Yuuji: ...You're the only thing I have left now... I don't want to lose you... and I don't want to be parted from you...
Makina: Gah... is that... nngh... really th' kinda thing ya tell a girl while yer fuckin' her in the butt?
Yuuji: ...I'm being serious here...
Makina: O-Okay...
Yuuji: I love you, kid...
Makina: Sure... I mean, that don't sound too convincin' when you've got your dick up my ass, but yeah... I love you too, Papa...
Yuuji: ...I just said I'm being serious...
Makina: Uh, okay... Ow. So...?
Yuuji: If this is the path you've chosen, then I won't try and stop you... but I'm still worried about you, okay?
Makina: Ugh... owww... yeah, I know...
Yuuji: And that's why... I'm pissed at you... for interrupting a very serious phone call... that might determine whether... I can stay with you for the rest of my life... you stupid brat!!!
Makina: Nhoooohooooo!! Oooooh! Heeeeeeey! Ya can't just shove it all in like thaaaaat! I'm gonna bweaaaaaaak! I'm gonna die! I'm gonna dieeeeheee!!
Yuuji: Let's see some contrition, woman!!
Makina: Oooooh!! Oooh! Aaahh! Uuuuuu!! Owww!! Papa! That seriously hurts!! You've gotta stop!! Like, this REALLY hurts!! Seriously!! Noooooo!!
Yuuji: Apologize!!
Makina: Aaaah! Uwaaaah! Aaah! Gyaaah!! I-I'm sorr...!
Yuuji: What was that!? I can't hear you, soldier!!
Makina: Hyaaaaaaaahhn! I'm sorrry!! Forgive me! Please fuhgive meee!!! My butt... my butt's so hot! It's burning uuuuuup! Waaaaaaah!!
Yuuji: You're not gonna pull pranks like that anymore, right!?
Makina: Uhiiii!! Shaddduuup!! I'll do what I want, moron! What's wrong with playing pranks on yer boyfriend!?! Gwaaaaaah!!
Yuuji: Somebody isn't sorry enough!! Suffer my wrath!!
Makina: Mmmmmmmgh!! Uuuuuuuugggh!!
Yuuji: Kuh...! It's not over yet!!
Makina: Uwaaah! Aaah! Papa, no... stop comin'... yer bweakin' me... my butt's too full... my tummy hurts... bwaaah... eeegh!
Yuuji: Stop your whining. I'm gonna pour all the semen I've saved up since you left deep into your ass...
Makina: Uooooooo... it stings... all yer semen... is goin' right... into my butt... Aaah! This is... crazy...
Yuuji: ...Is it just me, or are you actually enjoying yourself...?
Makina: ...*Sniffle*... waaah... wah... whaddaya think...? That was my "little girl actin' as an outlet for her dad's lust" impression... pretty moe, right?
Yuuji: ...Where did we go wrong...?
Narration: *Tell me, god... was I just a failure as a parent? I'm at my wit's end...*
Narration: *Despite the severe punishment I just gave her, Makina's not remorseful in the slightest.*
Narration: *Twisting herself around, she tries to look down at her own asshole, frowning slightly at the lingering pain.*
Yuuji: ...Come over here, Makina. I'll put some cream on your ass...
Makina: ...Aah... I-It's kinda embarrassing. I'll do it myself, okay?
Yuuji: Can't be any more embarrassing than those ridiculous noises you were making when I had my dick up your ass... 
Makina: Jeez... yer so pushy, Papa... just fer the record, I was pretty embarrassed by that too...
Yuuji: Anyway, did you learn your lesson? If you push your luck with me, you'll regret it later...
Makina: ...Yeah... But... I think I might actually like a little bit of pain, ya know...?
Yuuji: Don't be a moron.
Makina: Nhoooo!?
Narration: *Now I'm starting to feel a little embarrassed myself. A bit annoyed, I grab my defenseless girlfriend by the ankle, pull her further into the bed, and flip her over.*
Makina: ...Owww... geez... Papa, I know I'm easy ta pull around, but can't ya be a little more gentle?
Yuuji: Hm? I figured you wouldn't mind getting tossed around. Seems like the sort of thing you'd enjoy, right?
Makina: Uuu... well, I guess it's not that bad...
Yuuji: Well, whatever. Just hold up your leg and show me your ass, will you...?
Makina: Auuugh... this is the first time I've ever felt so friggin' humiliated...
Yuuji: ...Oh man, it's pretty red... I think there's a little tearing. I'm gonna rub the stuff on you now, okay? Might sting a little.
Makina: ...Gotcha... 
Makina: Noooooohoooo!! Uwaaaaaaaah!! Owwwwwww!! Guaaaaaaah!!
Makina: That hurt! What did ya just rub on me!? What WAS that!? Owww! Owwwwwwwww!!
Yuuji: Does it hurt that bad? It's just a mild anesthetic salve...
Makina: Hsssss!! Hsssssssss!! Hyaah! Owwww, that's hot! It burns, it buuuurns!!
Yuuji: ...Heh... when you hiss between your gritted teeth like that, it sounds like a kettle letting off steam. Here, I'll rub it inside you too...
Makina: Nhooooooh!! I-I'm burning!! My anus!! My poor anuuus!! Hssssssss!! Hsssssss!!
Yuuji: Haha, this is hilarious!! You're the best, Makina!! I love you!!
Michiru: "Oh my god!! It's the middle of the night!! Will you two please shut up!?!"

Michiru: Oh! Hey, Sachi!
Sachi: Yes? What can I do for you, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: I'm studying to become Prime Minister right now, but I'm having a really hard time memorizing this map of Japan. What prefectures are there in Shikoku, again?
Sachi: Tokushima, Kagawa, Ehime, and Kouchi, I believe.
Michiru: Ooh, right. I still don't think I'm gonna be able to remember that, though...
Sachi: Well, you do have tofu for brains, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Hmph. This really is hard, okay? Uhhm... is Ibaragi in the Kanto region, or what?
Sachi: It is indeed. However, the prefecture is named "Ibaraki," not "Ibaragi."
Michiru: Oooh, really? I'm never gonna keep that straight...
Sachi: Well, you do know the word "Ibara, "correct?
Michiru: Ibara? That's just what you call those thorny bushes, right?
Sachi: Indeed. Ibara are dangerous; "Ibara kiken." Does that make it easier to remember?
Michiru: Oooh, wow! You're really smart, Sachi!
Sachi: Oh, I wouldn't say that. Perhaps when compared to a bowl of tofu.
Michiru: Oh, that remind sme. Do you ever have, like, these brief moments where you can't remember which is your right hand and which is your left?
Sachi: I do indeed.
Michiru: Yeah, me too. What should I do when that happens?
Sachi: In your particular case, Michiru-sama, it might be best to tell yourself that it doesn't particularly matter either way and move on with your life.
Michiru: Ooh. Now that you mention it, that does sound good.
Michiru: The other day, I couldn't remember which hand I was supposed to used for my chopsticks, so I just sorta went with my instincts, you know? I had a really hard time, though. Kept dropping my beans and stuff.
Sachi: I see. I suppose you must have gone with your weak hand by mistake.
Michiru: But I tried switching to my other hand, and it got even harder to use them!
Sachi: In that case, I suppose it didn't particularly matter either way.
Michiru: Yeah, I ended up just eating with my bare hands. So who cares which hand was which, right?
Sachi: My, you're a wild one.
Michiru: Anyway, let's get back on topic. What's "Tochigi Ken" again? Should I know who that is?
Sachi: I don't believe it refers to a person. Tochigi is another prefecture in the Kanto region.
Michiru: Ooh, I see. How about the Northern Territories?
Sachi: Pardon?
Michiru: What prefectures are there in the Northern Territories?
Sachi: ...Err... the Northern what...?
Michiru: How about the Senkaku Islands?
Sachi: Now we're in dangerous territory all of a sudden...
Michiru: Well? C'mon! Help me out here!
Sachi: That reminds me, Michiru-sama... were you aware that you can purchase land on the moon?
Michiru: No way! Seriously!? Can you buy it from a branch office of Moon Rabbit Real Estate Inc. or something!?
Sachi: No, but there are a number of overseas businesses that sell plots of lunar soil. They'll send you a little deed, apparently.
Michiru: Wait, do rabbits run businesses overseas? Man, foreign countries are amazing...
Sachi: I'm fairly sure the employees are human beings, not rabbits.
Michiru: Whaaat? Just normal people? Forget it, then. I'm feeling kinda hungry, so I'll see you later!
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama is such a pure soul...

Narration: *The date: OO, XX. The time: early dawn...*
Narration: *The corpse of Tachibana Chizuru was discovered washed up on the beach...*
Makina: Now this here's a sad state of affairs. Poor girl was so young...
Michiru: Hello, hello. Hard at work, everyone?
Makina: Ah, Inspector! Thanks for comin' out today.
Michiru: Hmm, hmm. Sure is a hot one. Anyway, how's it looking?
Makina: Sir! We've got one deceased female. Not much in th' way of external injuries, so she prob'ly just drowned while takin' a dip.
Makina: It ain't unusual for people to get swept out to sea by th' tides an' never make it back to shore, ya know?
Michiru: Hmmm... You think this an accident?
Makina: Yep, that's right. So anyhoo, we're gonna be wrappin' up...
Michiru: Mmm... Wait. There's something strange about this. Yes... there's something fishy in the air...
Makina: Inspector, this here's just a tragic accident. Ya don't gotta waste too much time thinkin' it over.
Michiru: Oh? Then how would you explain this?
Michiru: I found it stuck to the victim's skin.
Makina: What th' heck...? It's all shiny and stuff... Kinda looks like a tiny plate.
Michiru: Yes, indeed. Rather strange, don't you think? I don't think this was an accident at all... We've got a murder on our hands.
Makina: A m-murder!?
Michiru: Yep, that's right. Round up our suspects at once!
Makina: Y-Yessir!
Narration: *    c0x0000ff;The Case of the Murdered Principalc*
Makina: This here's Mihama Academy, th' deceased woman's place of employment.
Michiru: Hmm, it's certainly a pretty place... but there's something a little odd about it.
Makina: Yessir! It's apparently somethin' of a "special" facility.
Michiru: Special, huh...? Anyway, have you rounded up our suspects?
Makina: You betcha, sir! First up, we've got Sakaki Yumiko. She's th' daughter of a rich man, but her personality sucks, so she's got no friends. Also, total uggo.
Michiru: I see... An uggo, eh? That's suspicious.
Makina: We've also got reports that she's constantly threatenin' people with bladed weapons.
Michiru: ...Uh, doesn't that basically make her the culprit?
Makina: Wanna make th' arrest!?
Michiru: Well, hold on. What about our other suspects?
Makina: Sir! There's also Suou Amane. This girl's got one giant pair of knockers, so it's possible she committed the crime in a lust-filled frenzy. We've also got reports that she's constantly wanderin' around buck naked.
Michiru: Wandering around buck naked...? Sounds like a psychopath, all right.
Makina: What's more, further in-vesty-gay-shun has revealed that she might or might not be suspected of prostitution!
Michiru: What? She's a prostitute, you say!?
Makina: Yeah, she might be. Or not.
Michiru: Is she or isn't she? How about a clear answer?
Makina: Okay then, I guess she isn't.
Michiru: Hm? She isn't a prostitute?
Makina: Nope.
Michiru: ...Huh? Then why'd you say she might or might not be?
Makina: Hweh? Was there somethin' wrong with what I said?
Michiru: What? I mean, not really, but... huh?
Makina: Hwah?
Michiru: ...Okay, who's next?
Makina: Komine Sachi. Accordin' to reports, she's sorta the school maid. Keeps th' place neat and clean.
Michiru: A maid, eh? What makes you suspect her?
Makina: Welp, she might or might not have worked with an accomplice to blow up part of th' academy.
Michiru: Not this again. She didn't actually blow anything up, I assume?
Makina: Nah, she totally did!
Michiru: What? Really? The maid... blew up part of this school?
Makina: You betcha. Anyhoo, those three are the suspects that turned up over th' course of our investigation.
Michiru: I see. They're all rather suspicious, aren't they? Let's start with Sakaki, I suppose...
Michiru: Ahem. You would be Sakaki-san, I presume?
Yumiko: Well, yes... but who are you people?
Makina: Shaddup, uggo! We'll arrest ya here and now!
Yumiko: Hweh? Excuse me, but what's the meaning of this!? Why are you being so rude to me all of a sudden!?
Michiru: Whoops, sorry about that. My friend here is a little short-tempered, you know? I'll give her a scolding later.
Makina: Grrrrrrrrr!
Yumiko: Th-That would be appreciated.
Michiru: So anyway, Miss Uggo...
Yumiko: It's Sakaki!
Michiru: Ah, yes, pardon me. Miss Sakaki Uggo...
Yumiko: ...
Michiru: Can you tell me what you were doing last night?
Yumiko: Yesterday? Well, I took an early bath, I believe... Uhm, is this some kind of interrogation?
Michiru: An interrogation? Not at all. We're just having a little chat.
Yumiko: In that case, I'm not obligated to respond to your questions in detail, am I?
Michiru: Yes, that's true enough. But if we can't secure your cooperation, we may have to resort to certain other measures.
Yumiko: Could you be more specific?
Makina: Just answer th' friggin' questions, ya stupid uggo!
Michiru: Come now, Irisu-kun! Control yourself!
Michiru: Take a closer look... This woman isn't an uggo. She's simply average. Her face isn't particularly hideous, see? On the whole, I'd rate her as "mediocre."
Makina: Hmm, yeah. She ain't that bad, but she ain't that good neither. On closer in-speck-shun, "mediocre" sounds about right. I stand corrected! *Salute*
Michiru: My apologies, Miss Mediocrity. Irisu-kun didn't mean any harm, but...
Yumiko: Can you just move on with the questioning already!? I'm finding this experience extremely unpleasant!
Michiru: Ah, yes. Let's get back on topic. I'd like to know what you did after your bath.
Yumiko: After my bath, I was in my room for the rest of the night.
Michiru: What were you doing in your room?
Yumiko: I was... browsing the internet.
Michiru: Would you mind telling us what sort of sites you were visiting?
Yumiko: ...I'm not required to answer, correct? I choose to remain silent.
Michiru: Hrm. Now that's suspicious...
Yumiko: There's... nothing suspicious about it...
Makina: If that's true, then name the site you were visiting!
Yumiko: I... just can't...
Makina: Just friggin' say it, ya mass of mediocrity!
Yumiko: TortoiseShellBondage.to!!
Makina: Now that's some hardcore browsin' history! You've dug yer own grave this time!
Yumiko: What are you talking about!? I can visit any website I please!
Yumiko: Ah...
Yumiko: Actually, come to think of it... I did notice someone heading for the principal's office last night.
Makina: Don't lie to us, ya freaky bitch! I'll tear yer alibi to shreds!
Yumiko: I'm not lying! I didn't get a good look at them, but I do remember hearing some rather strange footsteps.
Michiru: Oh? Strange footsteps, eh? Interesting... Veeeery interesting... Well then, thank you for your cooperation.
Makina: There was somethin' fishy about that lady...
Michiru: Personally, I think she was telling the truth. Let's move on to Suou.
Amane: The principal's dead...? No way...
Michiru: I'm very sorry for your loss. We're currently interviewing everyone in order to obtain more information. Could you tell us what you were doing last night?
Amane: I was training my vagina.
Michiru: ...Come again?
Amane: I was exercising the muscles in my vagina. Got pretty into it, honestly...
Makina: How th' heck do you even do that?
Amane: Well, you start off by squatting down like this... then focus on your pussy... feel it opening up...
Makina: Uwoh... G-Gotcha.
Amane: Now focus on closing it up... focus! Focus on that pussy!
Makina: F-Focus on that pussy!
Amane: Excellent! You're well on your way to a perfect vagina! Next, we take this pump-like device and insert it...
Michiru: Okay, yeah. I think we've heard enough. Thanks.
Amane: Really? We were just getting to the good part, though.
Michiru: Were you doing this all evening yesterday?
Amane: Yep... all evening. When I put the pump in, it actually started to feel kinda good, so I just kept going...
Makina: This school's fulla perverts!
Michiru: Someone reported hearing peculiar footsteps last night. Does that ring any bells?
Amane: Come to think of it, I did hear a weird noise.
Michiru: What kind of noise would that be?
Amane: Well, let's see... I think it was something like "plursh, plursh"...
Amane: Slorp, plursh, slorp, plursh...
Makina: I'm thinkin' that was the sound of you pumpin' yer own pussy!
Amane: Oh, of course! No wonder it was coming from inside my body!
Michiru: ...Did you notice anything else?
Amane: Well, yes. My butthole seems to be expanding...
Michiru: I'm not talking about your body. I was referring to the matter of those footsterps.
Amane: Uhh... hmm, let's see. Can't say I heard anything... but I did notice something a little odd. The hallway floor was all wet for some reason.
Makina: You weren't wearin' any panties, so it was probably just yer own bodily fluids!
Amane: That's not true! I'd put on some clothes by then...
Sachi: Uhm, Miss Inspector...
Makina: Well, if it ain't Komine Sacchin herself.
Michiru: Excellent timing. Komine-san, I understand you regularly walk around the academy while cleaning. Do you have any idea what this fluid in the hallway might have been? Also, did you notice anyone suspicious yesterday?
Sachi: Yes. Though I'm not sure if it's proper for me to specify... I saw the principal leaving the campus with a certain individual. Given their physical proximity, I believe they may have been in an intimate relationship...
Makina: Who was she leavin' with, huh!? Just spill th' beans already!
Michiru: Wait, Irisu-kun. Tell me, Komine-san... is this somehow connected to what you saw?
Sachi: ...!!
Makina: Hey, that's... th' small, shiny "plate" we found!
Sachi: I'm afraid you're correct, Inspector.
Michiru: Just as I thought... In that case, there's only one possible culprit.
Michiru: "The killer always returns to the scene of the crime." Given the complexity of modern murders, perhaps those words are no longer so accurate as they once were... but in this particular case, it seems they held true.
Makina: Inspector, we're the only people here right now. Who are you even talkin' to?
Michiru: Irisu-kun, he's right there. Can't you see him?
Makina: See him? Uh, just looks like an ordinary stretch of ground ta me.
Michiru: Well, yes. But don't you see something lying on it?
Makina: Uhhh, sure, there's a fish sittin' there. But it's just a fish, ya know?
Michiru: That's where you're wrong. Come on, Tunafish Man. There's no longer any point in hiding.
Fish: ...Not bad, Inspector.
Makina: Aah! You're... Tunafish Man! I thought you were just some giant fish someone left lyin' on the ground!
Michiru: From the very beginning, I knew there was something odd about this. The scene of the crime was full of a fishy scent... and then there was this small "plate." This is one of your scales, isn't it?
Tunafish Man: ...Exactly right. When I went home and took a shower, I noticed I'd lost one of the scales on my right flank.
Michiru: So you came back to the scene of the crime... only to find that the police had already arrived. 
Tunafish Man: Mind if I ask you something? I'm fairly sure I lost a bit of toro from my left flank as well. What happened to that?
Michiru: Toro? Uh, I don't...
Makina: Ooh. I ate that, sir!
Michiru: You ate it?
Makina: Yep. I spotted a nice slice of toro lyin' near the body and figgered "today's my lucky day"! It sure was tasty!
Michiru: ...Next time, try to preserve our evidence instead of eating it.
Makina: Gotcha, sir!
Tunafish Man: Damn it! If only you hadn't found my scale... it would've been the perfect crime!
Michiru: Would you mind telling me your motive...?
Tunafish Man: That woman approached me claiming she was a "big fan" of mine. In my innocence, I believed her... although I did find her oddly clingy.
Tunafish Man: But then she jabbed a spoon into my side, scooped out some tuna scrape, and ate it! I... I thought we were in love, but all she wanted was my body!
Michiru: I see... So you flew into a rage, killed her, and threw her body into the sea?
Tunafish Man: Inspector, do you have any idea how it felt to watch her discretely eating my innards!? Can you even begin to understand... how it felt to murder the woman I loved...?
Michiru: Listen, Tunafish. You've certainly committed a grave crime. However... we humans can always start anew.
Michiru: No matter how evil you might be... so long as you acknowledge your wickedness and swear to reject it, you can find your way back to the straight and narrow path...
Michiru: That's what it means to be a human being.
Tunafish Man: Inspector...
Tunafish Man: I'm a fish, not a human...
Michiru: ...Oh.
Tunafish Man: Kwaaaah! I'm coming to you, Chizuru!
Makina: Gaaah! Tunafish Man jumped off th' cliff!
Tunafish Man: Tuuuunafish Maaaaan!!
Makina: He fell! Inspector, that fishy bastard fell smack into the sea!
Michiru: From this height, there's no chance he survived...
Michiru: And so, the Case of the Murdered Principal drew to a bitter conclusion. At the end of the day, who was truly to blame for this tragedy?
Michiru: Was it the principal, who cared only for her boyfriend's body? Was it the tuna who lashed out at her in a blind rage? Was it Irisu-kun, who ate the toro at the scene? Was it I, who unintentionally put down all of fishkind?
Michiru: No! No one was to blame. If anything, the fault lies with the time we live in. This modern world of ours can be a cold and cruel place.
Michiru: Irisu-kun... how about a drink? My treat.
Makina: Yer awfully generous today, Inspector.
Michiru: Yes, well... I've got a hankering for some tasty chutoro...
Narration: *    c0x0000ff;The End!c*

Girl: So peaches are all covered in these tiny little hairs, right?
Michiru: Yeah.
Girl: Aren't they, like, the same as the ones that grow under your nose?
Michiru: Eww. What the heck?
Girl: Those things get all white when you drink milk. It's like you're Santa Claus or something, right?
Michiru: I dunno. I've never really seen that happen.
Girl: Seriously? Then take a look in the mirror next time you have a glass of milk. They're totally gonna be white.
Michiru: Okay. Drinking milk makes my stomach hurt sometimes, though.
Girl: So much for that plan. Why don't you cover your upper lip in flour, then?
Michiru: Why would I do that?
Girl: Huh? I dunno. To honor the brave and loving hearts of all our powdery friends?
Michiru: ...Huh?
Girl: Look, I was cracking a joke, right? You could at least pretend to laugh.
Michiru: A-Ahaha. Right. That's funny.
Girl: Oh, you're such a bad liar! Boooo...
Michiru: Bmooo. I'm a cow. Bmoooo.
Girl: ...Was that supposed to be a joke? I'd give up on that one if I was you. It really isn't funny. 
Michiru: Huh? Really? Okay, I'll give up on it.
Girl: Oh, come on! Stop taking everything I say so seriously!
Michiru: Huh? Am I taking you too seriously? Really?
Girl: Yep. It's like I'm bullying you or something, you know?
Michiru: I don't think that's true.
Girl: In that case, don't just obey every word out of my mouth unconditionally from now on.
Michiru: Okay, I won't.
Girl: You won't just do whatever I tell you?
Michiru: Yeah, I won't.
Girl: You really think you can do that?
Michiru: Sure. Of course I can!
Girl: You do realize you're currently doing exactly what I told you to, right?
Michiru: Huh!? Aaah! You're right! What happened? Was that a trap?
Girl: No, it really wasn't. Geez, you're hopeless...
Michiru: Bmoooo...
Girl: Bmoooo. You're a cow, right?
Michiru: Yeah, a cow. Ehehe.
Girl: It was a little funnier this time.
Michiru: Really? Yay!
Girl: Aah, man, I wish I could learn to play the piano.
Michiru: Want me to teach you?
Girl: Huh? You can play?
Michiru: Yeah, just a little. I used to take lessons.
Girl: Wow, seriously? You really are a princess!
Michiru: I'm not very good, though. My tutor used to yell at me for messing up so much.
Girl: Now, now. Playing music isn't all about skill, you know?
Michiru: What else is it about?
Girl: Well, your chin? You could stick it out, like, bazing! And then hit the keys with it.
Michiru: Chin piano...?
Girl: Yep, exactly. Think you can manage that?
Michiru: I don't know. I'll give it a try, though...
Girl: Uh, you don't have to. It was just a joke. C'mon, pull that chin back in.
Michiru: Bmoooo...
Girl: Ooh, it's a chin-cow! The fearsome chin-cow! Allow me to explain. The chin-cow is a cow that produces chins from its milk!
Girl: Whoops, my bad. It's a cow that produces milk from its chin, right?
Michiru: Who cares either way? I'm hungry.
Girl: Ah, yeah, I'm feelin' kinda peckish too. Wanna buy some yakitori at the supermarket or something?
Michiru: Ooh, sure. They grill the chicken in a tent out in the parking lot, right?
Girl: Yep, yep. When you get a whiff of that smoke, it's like... whoaaa, right?
Michiru: Totally! It always smells so good. Now I really want some!
Girl: Huh? What would you order? Chicken with spring onion?
Michiru: Hmm... Chicken skin.
Girl: Isn't the skin a little greasy, though?
Michiru: Yeah, you're right. Chicken skin it is.
Girl: You really want that skin, huh?
Michiru: Yeah, I really do.
Girl: But y'know, sometimes there's still a little hair on the skin. That's pretty nasty, right?
Michiru: Ah, I think I know what you mean. Yeah.
Girl: Totally creepy. Gives me goosebumps every time! Wait, maybe it should be chickenbumps? Oooh, those tasty chicken bumps... I love those chicken lumps...♪
Michiru: Huh? Is that a real song?
Girl: Nope! Can't say it is!
Michiru: Awww, you fooled me. I thought it was some kind of yakitori song.
Girl: There aren't any chicken songs, but I know one called "Eat your Sushi."
Michiru: Oh, come on. You're just trying to fool me again.
Girl: No, seriously, it's true. They basically just yell out all the different types of sushi.
Michiru: Does that even qualify as a song?
Girl: Huh? Well, how the heck should I know? It's a really old one.
Michiru: Maybe people used to be obsessed with sushi back in the old days. I guess times were pretty tough...
Girl: Yep. Everyone was too poor to eat sushi, I bet.
Michiru: I wonder what they had instead. Didn't everyone eat a lot of potatoes during the war?
Girl: Hmm. Potatoes are pretty tasty, right?
Michiru: Yeah! They're great!
Girl: I know, right? Even if you didn't have anything else to eat, wouldn't potatoes be plenty?
Michiru: Yeah! They're really great when you make them into sweet potatoes, too!
Girl: Weird. Sounds like they were pretty spoiled back then, I guess?
Michiru: Like... if you don't have any bread, you might as well eat cake?
Girl: Oh, sure! Cake for everyone, right? I wonder if they hated sweets or something.
Michiru: Like, they weren't used to sugary stuff?
Girl: Like, they were scared of sugary stuff?
Michiru: What the heck? Why would you be scared of sugar?
Girl: Sweetness can be some scary stuff. One bite, and they were rolling around on the ground, yelling "Eeek! This stuff's scary sweet!"
Michiru: I don't get it. What's so scary about sweetness?
Girl: Well, that sugar rush can really mess you up, you know? Like... you know how the soldiers won over kids by handing out chocolate?
Michiru: Yeah, I've heard about that.
Girl: Sugar's really powerful stuff! And I bet it used to be way sweeter back then, too.
Michiru: Yeah, it's all artificial now, right? And everyone's cutting back on the sweetness.
Girl: Exactly! The sugar was probably more concentrated back in the day. You know how there's extra-dark soy sauce and stuff? They had extra-sweet sugar!
Michiru: Wow! I wanna try some of that!
Girl: Ooh yeah... I bet super-sugary sugar tastes awesome...
Michiru: Well, they sell that brown-colored sugar in the supermarket, don't they? Doesn't that look sweeter than the normal kind?
Girl: Oh, right! That stuff does look pretty sweet. Wonder if it really is?
Michiru: I dunno. We should buy some one of these days and try it together.
Girl: Yeah, good idea. Why don't we go right now, in fact? To the supermarket!
Michiru: Bmooo!
Girl: What are you getting, again?
Michiru: Chicken skin!
Girl: Figured. Okay, let's go!
Michiru: Hey...
Girl: Hm?
Michiru: We'll be friends forever, right?
Girl: Of course we will! Baziiing!
Michiru: Baziiing!

Narration: *Sept. 17, 2011 - 6:15 - Coastal Road*
Narration: *―Do you believe in miracles?*
Narration: *Personally, I try not to put too much faith into things I can't see. Of course, there's more to the world than what's visible, but you're not going to last long if you start relying on faith in lieu of effort and experience.*
Narration: *There are times when I do catch myself wanting to say a prayer to God. But even if he was kind enough to change some water into wine for me, it's not going to put a smile on the face of a comrade with a bullet in his head.*
Narration: *Still... at the end of the day, I suppose "miracles" do exist. Just like people with a fear of the dark tend to run into "ghosts," people with genuine faith get their "blessings" from God... or a conman in a robe.*
Narration: *Putting it another way, there's no reason you can't become a "God" yourself, if you play your cards right.*
Narration: *"All's well that ends well," like they say.*
Narration: *Keeping my breath stabilized to a steady rhythm, I follow my usual daily route at the same speed as always.*
Narration: *Before I left the dorm this morning, the weather girl informed me that today would be 'a scorcher to remember' with a wry smile on her face.*
Narration: *It's been some time since we waved goodbye to August, but this heat wave is showing no signs of letting up... wonder if Sakaki would be kind enough to let that glaring sun overhead know it's overstayed its welcome.*
Narration: *I could handle the heat better if the air was dry, but this humidity makes it a challenge just to breathe.*
Narration: *Better still, the breeze keeps carrying the pleasant smell of rotting fish to my nostrils. I'm getting all the worst parts of living by the sea condensed into one miserable morning jog.*
Yuuji: Well, it's still heaven on earth compared to the field.
Narration: *No matter how unpleasant this might be, my life isn't in danger. That's good enough for me.*
Narration: *Anyway... under conditions like these, heatstroke prevention measures are of the utmost importance.*
Narration: *By the time you realize you're in need of fluids, in many cases you're already dehydrated. Even a child could understand how crucial it is to drink lots of water on a day like this.*
Narration: *As the run stretches on, my mind wanders aimlessly from one thought to another.*
Narration: *Feels like my brain's about to boil. Once I get back to the dorm, I'll have to take a bone-chillingly cold shower and bring my body temperature down.*
Narration: *It's just about time for the academy to pop into view. I break into one final sprint, pushing myself to my physical limits.*
Narration: *When it comes to improving your abilities, there are two general rules.*
Narration: *Rule number one: stretch a tiny bit past your "limit" and hold. Rule number two: repeat rule number one every single day.*
Narration: *It might not be the quickest method, but if you keep it up, you'll notice real progress before too long.*
Narration: *Passing through the gates, I enter the Mihama Academy grounds.*
Narration: *Another daily run down - the same as any other. But that's exactly what makes it meaningful.*
Narration: *I kept the same rhythm as always. I passed the exact same scenery.*
Narration: *The only thing that wasn't the same would be... that unfamiliar girl out in front of the gates.*
Narration: *...*
Narration: *.........*
Narration: *―An unfamiliar girl?*
Narration: *That can't be right. If a stranger was loitering in front of the school, I wouldn't have just run past. Something about her must have been familiar enough that my unconscious mind decided she wasn't any sort of threat.*
Narration: *That said, the person I saw out there didn't match up with anyone in my memory.*
Narration: *Maybe the heat's just gotten to me? One way or the other, I need to know for sure.*
Narration: *Reluctantly resolving to postpone my ice-cold shower, I turn back toward the gates in search of an explanation.*
Narration: *...I see. No wonder she gave off a different vibe.*
Michiru: "Nhuuh, nunyanyanya..."
Narration: *Today's the hottest day of the year, and Michiru is standing outside the school gates in a woolen duffle coat. There may not be any need to reiterate this, but the "Michiru" in question is my girlfriend.*
Narration: *Were she a mere acquaintance, I'd allow myself to conclude that she's taking part in some sort of "endurance tournament" in order to justify ignoring this. But unfortunately, we happen to be romantically involved.*
Narration: *I suppose that means I'm obliged to inquire as to the meaning of this.*
Yuuji: Hello there, my beloved girlfriend. What exactly are you doing? Some kind of special training?
Michiru: So hawt... Shooo haawt...
Yuuji: Hey, are you listening? Respond.
Michiru: Hee haaahh... I'm s-so hoooot...
Narration: *That's only to be expected, given that she's wearing a winter coat under this blazing sun. Glancing downward, I observe a waterfall of sweat pouring off Michiru's body. It's already formed a puddle at her feet.*
Michiru: Hoo, haa. Ahahaha, hehehe...
Narration: *Her lips are dry, and her skin's peeling from sunburn; her eyes are unfocused. Seems she's suffering from heatstroke. Even kids know to drink water regularly in summer, but somebody hasn't gotten the message.*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend, I'm asking you a simple question. Why are you out here making yourself ill? Answer me, Michiru.
Michiru: Mi-Michiruuu? Yes... I'm Matsoosheema Micheeru. Student. Born December twenny-fif... ID number... *Mumble* *Mumble*
Narration: *Oh, is this the Geneva Convention game we did during our date the other day? She was pretty out of it by the end of my romantic "torture session," but right now, I'm not sure the girl even knows where she is.*
Narration: *There's nothing for it. This calls for a change in approach...*
Yuuji: Attention!
Michiru: H-Hyah! Ah, oww... Huh, Y-Yuuji?
Narration: *Thanks to my act of educational discipline, Michiru finally regains her presence of mind.*
Yuuji: That's right, it's me. Do you have anything to say for yourself?
Michiru: Huh? Anything to say...? Oh! Um, yeah. Uh...
Narration: *Her eyes, previously blank, slowly regain their focus. I wait patiently for her to gather her thoughts.*
Michiru: Well... uhh... D-Di...
Yuuji: Di... what?
Michiru: Well, uh... Did...
Michiru: Did you wait long?
Narration: *Did I...*
Narration: *..."wait long"?*
Narration: *Cold sweat runs down my back. This can't be happening. Not again!*
Yuuji: Michiru, please don't tell me you're out here for our date.
Michiru: Y-Yeah! That's right. I'm here for our date. Sorry if, um, I kept you waiting!
Narration: *For a moment, the world seems to lurch around me. The fierce late-summer heat has nothing to do with it; the cause lies entirely with the completely absurd young woman standing in front of me.*
Yuuji: How many times do we have to go over this?! Have you forgotten our rule about this!?
Michiru: What?! O-Of course not. The rule is not to start waiting more than five hours before the date, right? Head for the site ten minutes beforehand and stand by!
Yuuji: That's right. And can you recall exactly how we arrived at this rule? We started off with "don't start waiting the day before the date," remember?
Michiru: Yeah, that was the first one.
Yuuji: You broke that rule by hiding overnight at our rendezvous points, so I was forced to repeatedly discipline you. Correct?
Michiru: Yeah! You got really mad at me!
Yuuji: However, my educational efforts eventually bore fruit. You learned to begin waiting on the day of the date itself.
Michiru: Yeah, I did. I don't start waiting the day before any more.
Yuuji: And therefore, I moved on to stage two, changing the rule to forbid a standby period longer than five hours. Is that correct?
Michiru: Yeah, you told me not to wait more than five hours! That is correct!
Yuuji: Well then, let's re-evaluate the present situation. How much time is left until our date commences?
Michiru: Huh? Well, hmm... Wait, lemme check the time.
Michiru: Errr... I'm not a big fan of watches, so I'll just check my phone, okay?
Michiru: Oh, that's right, look at this. I got a new phone, see? It's a different model, but I used my reward points so it was pretty cheap. Of course, they came out with a new one right after I...
Yuuji: You're getting off topic, Michiru.
Michiru: Whoops, right. The time, let's see...Y'know, the buttons on this are pretty small, so it makes texting kinda hard. But I guess I just have to get used to it, right? 
Michiru: I remember the last time I changed phones, the new phone seemed reeeally hard to use at first, but I got the hang of it real quick...
Yuuji: Confirm the present time.
Michiru: Huh? Oh, right. Okay, it's half past six in the morning!
Yuuji: And when is our date?
Michiru: Two in the afternoon!
Yuuji: How many hours is that from now?
Michiru: What?!  Uhhh, two PM means it's 14 hours past midnight. So that's 14 minus 6... and then minus half an hour... Dang, that makes it tricky. Okay, so I borrow the one...
Michiru: ...I-I dunno, but I'm sorry for being so early! I was just, y'know, really excited...! Waaaah!
Narration: *Blushing bright red, Michiru lowers her sweat-soaked head in abject apology. Resisting the urge to sigh, I reach out and give her a few pats on her damp cranium.*
Yuuji: No need to apologize. You started waiting early because you were excited about the date, right? It's hard to get upset when I hear that.
Yuuji: That said, this right here is a little excessive. You're not just early, you're absurdly early. I'm starting to get somewhat concerned, if you catch my drift.
Michiru: Catch your drift...? Y-You mean, uh... you're "concerned" about my body?
Yuuji: No.
Michiru: Gah, I got it wrong... S-So embarrassing...
Yuuji: Let's move on to the next issue. What's the idea with that coat?
Michiru: *Gaaaasp*!
Michiru: Yeah, that's right! You noticed, huh? Heheheh. Uhm, well, it's pretty cute, right? Does it look good on me?
Yuuji: Well, I'd have to say that it does, but...
Michiru: Oh, geez! You're so sweet, Yuuji! Is it cute? Is it really that cute?
Michiru: I mean, it's the coat that's cute, not me, y'know? Right? But anyway...
Narration: *A shy smile blooms across Michiru's sweat-drenched face. Her every gesture sends perspiration flying in all directions; I'm reminded of the sprinklers on the Academy's lawns. This is starting to get a bit annoying.*
Yuuji: Attention!
Michiru: Oww! Not again... My poor forehead...
Yuuji: Think carefully about why I just disciplined you. Do you understand what I'm trying to say?
Michiru: Cuteness goes before a fall?
Yuuji: Not even close. I want to know why on earth you're wearing a coat on a day like this.
Michiru: A coat... on a day like this...? Oh! Ohhhh! Now I get it! Uhm, right. There's a long, complicated story behind this, actually.
Yuuji: I don't need a long, complicated story. Just give me the executive summary.
Michiru: It all began just a few days ago...
Narration: *I, Matsushima Michiru...*
Narration: *...was feeling dissatisfied. Completely, perfectly, turbo dissatisfied.*
Narration: *You see, while I was now Kazami Yuuji's girlfriend, the guy just wasn't taking me out on any real dates.*
Narration: *Of course, my dissatisfaction wasn't solely related to Yuuji's behavior...*
Narration: *But in any case, I was ultra-mega-dissatisfied!*
Michiru: So Yuuji always says it's a date, right? But then he starts making me run!
Sachi: Oh, I see. That's certainly something.
Michiru: It's not like I'm exactly a mass of muscle here, you know? It's killing me trying to keep up with that strongman...
Sachi: Oh, I see. How astonishing.
Michiru: I dunno. Maybe I'm in the wrong here. Am I making a mountain out of a molehill?
Sachi: Oh, I see. It's not your fault at all, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: ...Hm? Hold on, Sachi. Are you even paying attention?
Sachi: Hah! But of course, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: Really? Okay, then tell me what I was talking about. Go on.
Sachi: Err, I believe foreplay was the topic of discussion.
Michiru: Not even close! I was complaining about the way Yuuji treats me!
Sachi: Is that so? I could have sworn you started off by touching on certain aspects of your sexual activities with Kazami-san.
Michiru: Uh, well, I guess I mentioned how muscular his chest is, but that's really not where I was going with it...
Sachi: Goodness. I'm afraid I assumed you were about to discuss matters of the utmost lewdness.
Sachi: As a result, I found myself sinking into certain unseemly fantasies of my own. I suppose I must have stopped paying much attention to what you were actually saying, Michiru-sama. My sincerest apologies.
Michiru: So you completely stopped listening halfway through...
Sachi: I'm a healthy young woman flush with hormones. Once I begin to fantasize, it can often be difficult to stop.
Michiru: I think I might regret asking this, but... what sort of fantasy was it?
Sachi: Ah, yes. It involved sexual play of an oral nature. Mostly anilingus.
Michiru: What!? Don't do that stuff with my boyfriend! Not even in your head! ...By the way, what's that ana... uh, anaclingus thing about?
Sachi: Ah. When I say "anilingus," I am referring to...
Michiru: Okay, you know what, never mind! Think I'm better off not knowing! *Sigh*... Anyway, what do you think I should do?
Sachi: In terms of foreplay?
Michiru: No! I'm talking about the dates. You seriously didn't hear a word I said, did you?
Sachi: I do apologize. The fantasy was rather intense...
Michiru: Fine, I'll give you the short version. Pay attention this time, okay?
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Michiru: Yuuji and I have been going out for a while now, right? But he still hasn't taken me on anything close to a real date yet.
Sachi: But the two of you always seem to be going out together.
Michiru: Yeah, but it's all... "let's run to the beach!" Or "let's run back from the beach!" Or "let's run to the beach and back!" Nothing but running! And always to the beach!
Sachi: I see... That certainly does sound more like a training regimen than a date.
Michiru: Yeah. I wanna have normal dates, like a normal couple. Spending lots of quality time together is how you make love grow, right?
Sachi: But what exactly do you mean by a "normal date," Michiru-sama?
Michiru: Oh, you know. Going to a movie together, having tea in a cafe, that sort of thing.
Michiru: Or even just throwing stones down by the river. Like... "That one went plip plop, hon! Hee hee! Let's get a plip plop plip!" or whatever.
Sachi: Michiru-sama, what is this "plip plop" supposed to be? The sound of you vigorously lactating into the river?
Michiru: No! It's us skipping stones on the water! And that's not even the point, anyway... The "Hee hee, hon!" is the important part.
Sachi: Hee hee hon... I see. What else comes to mind?
Michiru: Well, I wanna walk arm in arm, too. Definitely gotta try that.
Sachi: That does sound very much like something you'd do on a date.
Michiru: Isn't it though!? It's like... Oooh! Eee! Squee! Know what I mean?
Sachi: I know exactly what you mean! Eee! Squee! Squaplorsh!
Michiru: Wait, wait, I didn't say that last one. What the heck is "squaplorsh" supposed to be?
Sachi: *Gasp*! All that salacious talk earlier seems to have left me somewhat hot and bothered. I unconsciously added a bit of spice... how deeply embarrassing.
Michiru: S-Seriously, Sachi... come on...
Sachi: Well, if you insist, allow me to explain. First of all, when I say "squaplorsh," I'm picturing a scenario involving sexual penetration, wherein...
Michiru: No, no! I wasn't asking for an explanation of your fantasies! I'm just telling you to get it together, okay? Seriously, are you feeling all right?
Sachi: I do believe this heat must be getting to me. My brain seems to be stuck in sixty-ninth gear.
Michiru: I don't think the weather's entirely to blame... but yeah, it is way too hot today.
Sachi: Perhaps the ideas will begin to flow when things cool down slightly. Come to think of it, dating will probably be easier in the winter, correct?
Michiru: W-Wait a second, Sachi... What did you just say...?
Sachi: The sounds of sex are "Squaplorsh" and "Heehon!"
Michiru: Not what I meant! Your definition of "just now" is really weird! C'mon, you said "winter," right?
Sachi: Well, yes, I did.
Michiru: Why didn't I see it until now? Things aren't going well because it's summer!
Sachi: Err...?
Michiru: Think about it. Dates are totally a winter thing, right? Summer's the worst season for that kinda stuff!
Michiru: In the summer, you might as well just sit around at home near the AC eating udon noodle soup. It's silly to even try going out in this heat!
Sachi: Is it really?
Michiru: You bet! I mean, where are you supposed to go for a date in the summer? There are no good options!
Sachi: ...What about the beach?
Michiru: No way. Those whales will gobble you right up. That's some scary stuff.
Sachi: Err... perhaps a festival, then?
Michiru: Ooh, that's even worse. Goons love to wander around those things, you know? They'll come over and pick a fight when you've got your hands full of cotton candy. Pow, right in the kisser!
Sachi: W-Well then, how about a fireworks display?
Michiru: Those are terrible. Gunpowder's dangerous. Like, super dangerous. Bang! You're Dead!
Sachi: What else...? Ah, yes. I've never been myself, but perhaps a summer musical festival?
Michiru: Gaaah, that's the worst one yet. Foreign musicians come to those things, right? There's no telling what they might do if they freak out. What if they take a swing at you with their guitar? Thud! You're down for the count!
Sachi: ...How about taking it easy on the porch while eating a watermelon?
Michiru: Oh heck no. What if you eat tempura with it and get a stomach ache? Crunch, you bit the big one. See what I mean? Summer's just full of deadly dangers!
Sachi: Is it reeeeeally...?
Michiru: But of couuuurse. Right?
Sachi: E-Err... if you say so...?
Michiru: And on the other hand... winter! Is there any season more perfectly suited to dating? Surely not!
Sachi: Well, winter might have its disadvantages as well. It gets quite cold outside, for one thing.
Michiru: Don't be stupid! Snow only falls when it's cold outside! And snow's totally romantic, right?
Michiru: Glittering white flakes fill the sky... Christmas carols ring out in the distance... and you open your present to find...
Sachi: ...tempura and a watermelon?
Michiru: Oh crap! Toss it, toss it! Toss that box pronto! Phew... See how risky things got the instant something summery entered the equation?
Sachi: When you put it that way... I suppose winter might be... somewhat more suited to dates after all... perhaps...?
Michiru: I know, right!? Man, this explains everything. It was all summer's fault! Curse you, summer. Get lost, tempura! Case closed! Thanks, Sachi. You really helped me out this time.
Sachi: I-Is that so? I'm happy to have been of service.
Michiru: Yep! It's all good now!
Narration: *I had just made the discovery of the century. Whose fault was it that our dates hadn't been going so well? Mine? Yuuji's? Nope! None of the above.*
Narration: *Who was to blame, then? There was only one answer. Summer itself was the culprit!*
Narration: *The late-summer heat, the blazing sun, the humidity... the very nature of this awful season was ruining our dates.*
Narration: *Now that I understood that, it was all very simple. I'd just have to give up on dating for now and wait for winter to arrive.*
Narration: *I made my way back to the room, pondering the possibilities as I went.*
Narration: *Eheheh. A winter date, huh? How wonderful. Everything was definitely gonna be perfect this time.*
Michiru: I swear, your mind works in such simple ways...
Narration: *S-Shaddup, you. I figured out that summer's the problem. Isn't that good enough?*
Michiru: I can't say I agree with your conclusions. Do you honestly think everything will go perfectly in the winter? Surely it isn't that simple.
Narration: *Ah, but it really is that simple. I was just overthinking things before. You understand?*
Michiru: ...Not really.
Narration: *Then just pipe down and watch. I'm never wrong about these things!*
Michiru: I see. I guess that's something to look forward to, then.
Narration: *Anyway, aren't you taking today off? Why don't you go back to sleep for a while?*
Michiru: Fine, fine. I get the message. Seems a bit early in the year for hibernation, but I'll sink a little deeper for now.
Narration: *Yep, you do that.*
Narration: *Crawling into the back of my closet on all fours, I hunted for a certain something like a scientist searching for fossils.*
Michiru: Uhm, which one was it again...? Oh, here we go.
Narration: *When I opened the cardboard box I'd been looking for, the smell of mothballs wafted out. Ignoring the old-lady stench, I reached in and grabbed something with a familiar texture... something I hadn't touched in months.*
Michiru: Let's see... I think this is it...
Narration: *This thick, fleecy wool had kept me nice and warm last winter. Pulling the garment out of its box, I spread it out on the floor in front of me.*
Michiru: Oooh, yes, here we go! My duffle coat! S-So kyoot! It's soooo kyoooot!
Michiru: Oh man, this is definitely adorable. I wish I could go back in time to compliment myself for buying it... That was absolutely the best choice, girl!
Michiru: Ah, right. That isn't everything, is it...
Narration: *I turned the cardboard box over; a roughly knitted long muffler and a pair of woolen mittens tumbled out.*
Narration: *The gloves looked like miniature potholders - a simple but feminine Scandinavian-style design. Also, they were fluffy. Fluffy as heck!*
Michiru: Aah... so cute. These gloves are so cute! Too bad they're kinda prickly on the inside... Don't think I ever really wore them. But they're still cute. And I looove cute stuff... Oooh...
Narration: *By this point, of course, I was yearning to try everything on in front of the mirror. That's just how a woman's heart works.*
Narration: *It didn't seem very eco-friendly to put on a winter coat in an air-conditioned room, but... surely God would forgive a little maidenly selfishness.*
Michiru: Okay then, let's take a look...
Narration: *After putting on my duffle coat in front of the mirror, I wrapped the muffler carefully around my neck, then slipped on my mittens as well.*
Michiru: Aha... perfect. It's cute! This outfit is so cuuute!
Narration: *Once he saw Michiru-chan looking this adorable, even Kazami Yuuji himself would surely lavish her with love and affection! I couldn't wait. I couldn't wait for winter!!*
Michiru: Heeheehee. Hoo... guess I just have to wait until winter now. Matushima Michiru, standing by!
Michiru: ...
Michiru: ......
Michiru: .........
Michiru: Screeeeew thaaaaaaat!!
Narration: *I literally couldn't wait! It was so obvious that showing up in these clothes would win Yuuji's love. How could I just stand idly by!?*
Michiru: Auuugh, this stinks! I wanna show off to Yuuji right noooow! I wanna snuggle up to him in my cooooat!
Michiru: *Sigh*... Heck, maybe I'll just show up like this to our next date...? No, no. It's way too hot for that right now... Guh, the dilemmas of love...
Makina: Sounds like yer in need of some advice, bub!
Michiru: Eeeek!
Michiru: Ogoh!!!
Narration: *Startled by the sudden voice that called out to me, I stubbed my little toe hard against the corner of my desk. Beads of cold sweat broke out all over my body.*
Makina: Whoa. Chiruchiru's face is turnin' green before my very eyes. Uh, is this yer imitation of a traffic light?
Michiru: Nnnhh, nhhhhhhh!
Narration: *Speechless with pain, I "shouted" at Makina through a series of snorts.*
Narration: *What the heck are you doing here!?*
Michiru: Nnhnnnh! Nnhhnhhhh!!!
Makina: Huh? Was I right? No? Which is it? I dunno what the heck yer sayin'.
Michiru: Nnnhhhn! Nnnnnhhh!!
Makina: ...Ooh! Huh?
Michiru: Nwah! I'm asking why you're in my room, okay!?
Makina: Ooh, was that it? Welp, I was pokin' around lookin' fer candy.
Makina: Then you came in and started puttin' on your coat without even noticin' me. Sorta missed my chance to say somethin'.
Michiru: Y-You were watching? Did you see... everything?
Makina: You betcha! Saw ya holdin' the sleeves of yer coat and twirlin' around in front of the mirror with a goofy grin on yer...
Michiru: Stooop describing it! Look, everyone does some silly stuff in private, right!?
Makina: A feminine design... an' fluffy as heck!
Michiru: Stop imitating me! Please, I'm begging you! Just stop!
Makina: Gonna have sex tonight ta level up my lady skills!
Michiru: I didn't even say that! Get out of my room this instant!
Makina: Hey, ya just put those on. Done with 'em already?
Michiru: That's right. I've got to wait until the winter to wear those.
Makina: Hrm. I think I get th' picture, more or less... But I noticed somethin' reaaal important I think yer missin' here.
Michiru: Wh-What's that?
Makina: Oh? Ya curious?
Michiru: Not in the slightest! Hurry up and tell me already!
Makina: Okey-dokey, guess I'll clue ya in. You're plannin' to cap-ter-vate Onii-chan with a winter date, right?
Michiru: W-Well, yeah. Dating's a winter thing, after all. Summer's no good. Totally no good.
Makina: Damn fool! Don't ya see the gapin' pitfall you're walkin' right into, Matsushima Michiru!?
Michiru: P-Pitfall!? What do you mean!?
Makina: Ya wanna know? Ya reeeally wanna know?
Michiru: S-Sure, I wanna know. C'mon. What is it? 
Makina: Blond hair...
Michiru: Blond hair...?
Makina: Blond hair is hella summery, so it just don't work with winter!!
Michiru: Gnyaaaaa!!!!
Narration: *Makina's words were undeniably true. When you think of a "blonde," what comes to mind? Someone on a beach with a surfboard, slathering themselves with coconut-scented suntan lotion!*
Narration: *You certainly don't picture them crunching through the snow on a hushed midwinter night!*
Michiru: B-But... b-blond hair might be okay in winter too... in its own way...
Makina: Okay then, lemme ask ya this. What would you think of a yuki-onna with bright blond hair?
Michiru: Hilarious!!
Makina: I know, right? If ya run into a ghostly blond lady while stranded in th' mountains, it's less terrifyin' an' more "toss me a Bud, babe!"
Makina: In other words, when it comes to snow... nah, winter as a whole... black hair's th' only option!
Michiru: Ggggggh, darn it... you've got a point...
Makina: In fact, there's been some interestin' stats on this lately.
Michiru: What sort of stats?
Makina: They polled a group of dudes who like black hair and asked 'em "Which do you prefer, blond hair or black hair?" The results: a shockin' 100% in favor of black!
Michiru: 100%!? A-Amazing! I didn't know about that poll...
Makina: In conclusion, it doesn't matter how hard ya try. Yer just not cut out for winter, Chiruchiru.
Narration: *With that, Makina walked out of my room, taking most of my candy stash with her.*
Michiru: Now I kinda... feel like an idiot for getting all excited...
Narration: *She was right. Blond hair was all wrong for the winter... I wasn't going to get anywhere with Yuuji at this rate. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid.*
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Guess I'll dye it.
Michiru: Sachiii! Saaachiiiiii!
Sachi: Yes? Is something the matter?
Michiru: I'm considering dying my hair black. What do you think?
Sachi: What!? But blond hair is a crucial part of your tsundere identity. Do you really want to change it so casually?
Michiru: It's fine. Right now, love is my top priority... Anyway, do you have the stuff we need to dye it?
Sachi: I'm afraid this is too sudden. All I happen to have on hand is a spray for returning black hair to its natural color.
Michiru: That should do just fine! Go ahead, lay it on me. Black hair, hashtag happening!
Sachi: V-Very well... I don't want to stain your clothing, so let me just procure some sort of cape...
Michiru: Do it now! Before my resolve falters!
Sachi: C-Certainly. Well then...
Michiru: ...So that's the story. Eheh.
Yuuji: I don't get it.
Michiru: What!? Seriously!? Why not!?
Yuuji: Can you give me a moment to think?
Michiru: Huh? O-Okay... doki doki.
Yuuji: I'm not thinking up words of love or anything, okay?
Michiru: Fweeeh!? Th-That's not even what I was thinking. Tch...
Narration: *From what I understand of Michiru's tale, this bizarre situation is the result of her displeasure with our dates so far.*
Narration: *That said, abruptly changing her hair color strikes me as quite a dramatic course of action. She was so attached to her blondeness... does she no longer have need of it?*
Michiru: Squirmy squirm... squirmy squirm.
Yuuji: One thing I'd like to point out. That spray she used on your hair appears to be melting off as you sweat. You've got some black on your face.
Michiru: Whaaaat!? I gotta wipe it off! Don't look at me!
Yuuji: Honestly, what's going on in your head...?
Narration: *The connection she's formed between "dating" and "winter" seems like complete nonsense, but... Michiru's clearly doing what she thinks is best. Shooting her down at this point wouldn't be very mature of me.*
Narration: *I can't say I completely understand what the girl's thinking, but I might as well just go along with it for today.*
Narration: *My major point of concern is... there's a real possibility she's going to collapse if she keeps wearing that wool coat in this ridiculous heat. Unfortunately, I don't think she's likely to take it off if I ask her to.*
Narration: *In that case... I suppose we'll have to focus on hydration.*
Yuuji: Michiru, my dear. Can you promise me that you'll hydrate yourself on a regular basis?
Michiru: Huh!? Y-Yesh! Sure! See, I've got a water bottle an' everything!
Narration: *Michiru retrieves a small stainless-steel bottle from within her coat. Hrm... it appears she gave the matter at least some thought.*
Yuuji: In that case, why don't you wear that outfit on our date today? It sounds like you were really looking forward to it.
Michiru: You mean it!? Yay! I'm so happy!
Yuuji: I'd like to take a quick shower first, all right? I don't want to go on a date while I'm still sweaty from my marathon. 
Michiru: Of course! Eheh, uhm, I guess I'll just...
Yuuji: Stay here and hydrate yourself immediately!
Michiru: Yessir! ...*Gulp* *Gulp*... Ngh.
Michiru: B-Bleeeeh...
Yuuji: What's the matter? Why are you vomiting?
Michiru: This is full of hot cocoa. I thought it would make things more wintery that way, but... the first sip made me sick to my stomach... Blech...
Narration: *Apparently Michiru is determined to make everything winter-themed today. I don't know if it's going to work out as well as she thinks, but... I guess we'll just have to give it a shot.*

Date: *September 17, 2011, 08:04 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Yuuji: Phew...
Michiru: Yuuuji! Aren't you ready yet?
Yuuji: Didn't I tell you to wait in your room? Why didn't you listen?
Michiru: I waited as long as I couuuuld!
Yuuji: What am I going to do with you...? Fine, come in.
Michiru: Ooookay!
Michiru: Oh? W-Whoooa!
Yuuji: Something the matter?
Michiru: H-Hold on a moment, Yuuji-san. You appear to be n-naked as a jaybird...
Yuuji: Of course I am. I don't take showers with my clothing on. Well, except when I'm livening things up at a swimming tournament.
Michiru: Uhm, that seems... a little weird to me.
Yuuji: What are you talking about? The clothed relay's always a big hit. Were you a redcap or something?
Michiru: A... redcap? One of those guys who carries your bags...?
Yuuji: No. Guys who can't swim have to put on red caps for their remedial training, remember?
Michiru: Uh, no, I don't. And I wasn't talking about the swimming thing! It seems weird that you're just... naked right now.
Yuuji: What's the problem? We've already seen every inch of each other's bodies.
Michiru: W-Well, sure, but aren't you embarrassed or anything?
Yuuji: Not really.
Michiru: Oh... okay...
Yuuji: What, are you embarrassed?
Michiru: ...Yeah.
Yuuji: I see. I'll get dressed quickly, then.
Michiru: Huh!? O-Okay.
Narration: *Drying off my body with a towel, I proceed to put on my clothing.*
Narration: *Michiru's still in her winter outfit, but I'm going with a light short-sleeved shirt. Can't have both of us collapsing from heatstroke simultaneously.*
Michiru: ...
Yuuji: All right, let's go.
Michiru: Okay!
Michiru: Sorry. Guess I kinda rushed you there.
Yuuji: That's for sure. Didn't even give me time to drink a single glass of water...
Michiru: Well, I wanted to start the date ASAP!
Yuuji: Hand me your water bottle, will you?
Michiru: My cocoa, you mean? Sure.
Yuuji: I'm going to have a little.
Michiru: Huh!?
Yuuji: ...
Yuuji: Something the matter?
Michiru: Uhm... you said you didn't want any before.
Yuuji: I just took a shower. It's normal to want a little hydration afterward.
Michiru: Hmmm...
Michiru: I don't really get you sometimes, Yuuji. Like, when I came into your room, you could've just wrapped something around yourself. But you just stood there naked as the day you were born. That was kinda mean, right?
Michiru: But now you're drinking my cocoa, even though you wouldn't before. Kinda nice of you!
Michiru: I can't tell if you're trying to be mean or not.
Yuuji: You're reading too much into this. I was just thirsty.
Michiru: Hrrrrrm...
Yuuji: Seriously, don't think too hard. You're going to boil your brain.
Michiru: Hrrrmmmnyu... Huh, it's true. So hot... Guess I was thinking feverishly...?
Yuuji: That doesn't usually involve an actual fever, you know.
Narration: *Michiru's sweating a great deal, and her eyes appear to be spinning. Her outfit may offer excellent protection against the cold, but in this heat it's only causing her to suffer.*
Yuuji: I'm sure you'd be a lot cooler if you took that coat off.
Michiru: I can't do that! This is the winter date I've been dreaming of! Ah, winter... just speaking the word makes everything shine... and wobble around...
Yuuji: Hrm. In that case, we'll have to get this over with before your sweat dyes your entire body black. Let's go! Double time!
Michiru: R-Right! ...Wait, we're running again!?
Michiru: Hii, hii... it's s-sho hot...
Yuuji: What's wrong? Worn out already?
Michiru: No, I've still got energy to spare. Hehehe... I'm going to enjoy every minute of my winter date!
Yuuji: Hrm.
Narration: *It seems Michiru's determined to stick with this "winter date" concept. Everything around us screams "summer," but she clearly plans to overcome this obstacle through sheer willpower.*
Michiru: Winter really is wonderful, isn't it... doki doki.
Narration: *With this comment, Michiru turns her slightly blackened eyes up to the sky. Something about her gaze concerns me. Almost looks like the girl's overdosed on amphetamines.*
Michiru: Hey, Yuuujiii...
Yuuji: What is it, Honey?
Michiru: Take a look at these, okay?
Yuuji: Wh-Why, those are the wool mittens you've been knitting at night!
Michiru: Yep, that's right. I worked hard making these! Want to put both of our hands into one?
Yuuji: Two hands in one mitten...? Wouldn't that make it difficult to walk? Also, those gloves aren't very large. It would probably be a really tight squeeze...
Michiru: Yeah, it's going to be a tight squeeze! But you know, there's an upside too... it'll keep us real close together, and it's super lovey-dovey! Like... our love's eternal, so we'll never be parted! Or something!
Yuuji: ...!!!
Yuuji: Wh-What an excellent idea. I'd expect no less from my girlfriend. I love you, Michiru.
Michiru: Oh, geez! Silly Yuuji! You're so sweet!
Yuuji: Okay then, let's do this carefully...
Michiru: ...Okay.
Michiru: Oh geez.. it's squeezing our hands together so tightly...
Yuuji: So tightly that... it's almost as if we were born this way. As if this is our natural state of being...
Yuuji: As if the two of us were born as two halves of one whole, only now complete... as if this is our natural state of being, the way we were designed to be...
Yuuji: I'm such a fool. In my embarrassment, I said the same thing over and over again... My apologies.
Michiru: Oh, that's nothing to worry about... tee-hee. Your heart's beating fast, isn't it?
Yuuji: Yes, that it is. I love you.
Michiru: Want to walk all the way to town like this?
Yuuji: Absolutely. Also, I love you.
Michiru: Kishashasha...
Narration: *Is this girl going to be all right? I sincerely hope the heat hasn't literally damaged her brain.*
Yuuji: Michiru, you really need to get a hold of yourself.
Michiru: Gah! *Slurp.* Uhm, Yuuji! L-Look what I brought along!
Narration: *Reaching into her pouch, Michiru proudly retrieves a pair of thick potholders.*
Yuuji: Potholders, eh? I see. I guess a "winter date" might involve hotpot.
Michiru: What? Huh? C'mon, that's not it! Did you... *Sniffle*... Did you really just say that!?
Yuuji: What's wrong? Why are you crying all of a sudden?
Michiru: I'm noooot crying! Look, these are gloves, okay!?
Yuuji: Gloves, you say!?
Narration: *Taking the potholders from Michiru, I examine them more closely.*
Narration: *I suppose they do look something like oversized gloves, but... they're so solid and thick that holding pots still seems like their more natural application.*
Yuuji: I see, so they're mittens. Dating back to the war, I suppose?
Michiru: Why would you think that!? They were made very recently!
Yuuji: Really? In that case, they must have been quite thoroughly weathered. Gives them some character. I don't know why you'd bother, but it's certainly interesting.
Michiru: Weatha... what?
Yuuji: It basically means adding wear and tear. Maybe a bit of grime. The goal is to make something new look like it's old and beaten-up.
Michiru: Huh, you don't say? That didn't happen, though. I knitted these gloves normally! Don't go calling them "beaten-up"!
Yuuji: I just meant they have character. It was a compliment.
Michiru: Ooh, really? Well, that's okay then. So anyway, uhm... I've got a teensy favor to ask.
Yuuji: Go ahead.
Michiru: Can we both put a hand into one of these? Like, at the same time?
Yuuji: I refuse.
Michiru: Hm?
Yuuji: Hm?
Michiru: So I mean, like, we'd take one glove and...
Yuuji: I refuse.
Michiru: Come on, why are you refusing!? I went to all the trouble of knitting these things!
Yuuji: What kind of fool would put on woolen mittens in this godawful heat!? We'd boil!
Michiru: We would NOT boil!
Yuuji: Yes we would! You can wear them yourself, but leave me out of it!
Michiru: Don't wanna! I wanna put both our hands in one mitten! Like it's our natural state! Like it's our natural state of being!
Yuuji: Why did you just repeat the same thing twice?
Michiru: You're the one who said that, you jeeerk!
Yuuji: I didn't say anything of the sort...
Michiru: You said it inside my head!! Gyaagyaaa!
Narration: *Grabbing her gloves, Michiru thrashes about in an undignified fashion. I understand how she feels... but squeezing our hands into one mitten would restrict our movements. It could prove fatal if an emergency were to arise.*
Yuuji: Calm down. You can put the gloves on, but I'm not going to. Understood?
Michiru: We have to do it together! Being together is a wonderful thiiing!
Narration: *At this point, she's on the ground flailing all of her limbs around randomly. Even by the standards of fifties manga, this tantrum probably would've seemed a little cliche.*
Yuuji: Fine, fine. Give me one.
Michiru: Huh!? Are you gonna put it on? Are you gonna share a bit of your smile?
Yuuji: Just hand it over already.
Michiru: Okay!
Narration: *As she offers me the mitten, I reach out in a gentlemanly fashion...*
Michiru: You smacked it! Y-You actually smacked it out of my hands!!
Narration: *Damn. I'd been intending to take it from her, but I seem to have reflexively slapped it to the ground instead.*
Yuuji: I apologize, Michiru. That wasn't intentional, it was pure instinct.
Michiru: Why would you instinctively reject a mitten!? Bwaaah, you're so meeeean!
Yuuji: Let's save this for the winter, all right? We'll do it together, just like you wanted.
Narration: *Retrieving the mitten from the ground, I stuff it into the right pocket of my pants.*
Michiru: Are you really gonna do it in the winter?
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...Of course I am.
Michiru: There was a pause there! A momentary pause!!
Yuuji: I'll figure out the best way to do this by wintertime. Just be patient until then, understood?
Michiru: No way, that stinks! I wanna do it now! Now, now! Right now!
Yuuji: I love you.
Michiru: B...
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Okay. Buhuh. We can do it in the winter.
Narration: *Thanks to my excellent skills of persuasion, our date proceeds peacefully.*
Michiru: Hey, so...
Yuuji: ...Yes?
Narration: *Once again, Michiru turns her slightly blackened eyes up to the sky. She has the gaze of a woman beloved by the Greek god Morpheus.*
Michiru: Hey, Yuuujiii...
Yuuji: What is it, Honey?
Michiru: Winter's cold as heck, right? So snuggling up close is what it's all about.
Yuuji: Yes, I'd totally agree with you on that one. I love you.
Michiru: On that note! How does this idea strike you?
Michiru: You put your hand into the pocket of my coat. Then I'll put mine in there too. I call it Operation Hand-Holding Cootchy-Coo!
Yuuji: ...!!!
Yuuji: Th-That's your second splendid idea today. Truly, there could be no worthier girlfriend. I love you, Michiru.
Michiru: Oh, geez! Silly Yuuji! You're so sweet!
Yuuji: Well then, I'm going to put my hand in your pocket now.
Michiru: ...Okay.
Michiru: Aah... you're pushing s-so deep inside my pocket, Yuuji...
Yuuji: All right, Michiru. Now put yours in as well.
Michiru: Okay...
Michiru: Oh geez.. it's squeezing our hands together so tightly...
Yuuji: Indeed. It's almost as if we were born this way...
Yuuji: Michiru! Michiru!!
Michiru: Haa, haa... my pocket's... full of rainbows... haa haa...
Yuuji: Open your eyes, Michiru!!
Michiru: Gah! Y-Yuuji? Oh geez, was I... *Slurp*... fantasizing again?
Narration: *Is this girl all right...? No. I'm starting to get the idea she really isn't.*
Yuuji: Why don't we had back to the dorm for today and rest in the air conditioning?
Michiru: I don't wanna rest. Please, let's do this like I said! Put it in! Put it in right now!
Yuuji: What the hell are you saying? Are you imitating Amane's slut act now!?
Michiru: I'm not a slut! That's not even what I meant. I want you... to put your hand... in my pocket!
Narration: *Flapping her mouth like a goldfish, Michiru points alternatively at her duffle coat pocket and my hand.*
Narration: *I understand what she's trying to say. But as I've repeatedly noted, it's brutally hot today.*
Yuuji: I refuse.
Michiru: Wait, what? But why!?
Yuuji: I'd boil in my own sweat!
Michiru: No you wouldn't! I've got silica gel in there!
Narration: *Okay. Why did she bring silica gel on a date...?*
Michiru: Uh, no, it's not like that. I mean, this is a winter coat and all, so I put some desiccant in there. To keep it dry in my closet. I just, y'know, forgot to take it out of my pocket.
Yuuji: ...Oh?
Michiru: Come on! Do you really think I'm the kind of girl who'd bring silica gel to a date on purpose!?
Yuuji: What "kind of girl" would that be?
Michiru: Like, a girl who's worried about stuff... getting wet. I'm not a slut!
Yuuji: I don't think further discussion is going to get us anywhere. Let's head for some place with air conditioning.
Narration: *I set off down the road without waiting for Michiru. When talking isn't accomplishing anything, it's best to just take action.*
Michiru: Wait up! You really aren't going to do this!? You don't have to jam it in all the way! Just stick it in a little!
Yuuji: I'd recommend not shouting that in public. You might be misunderstood.
Michiru: Okay then. I'm gonna put my hands in your pockets, Yuuji. That's okay with you, right? I'm your girlfriend, after all.
Yuuji: If you insist.
Michiru: I do insist! Hiya!!
Narration: *Michiru vigorously shoves her hand into my pants pocket.*
Michiru: Gyaaaaaaaaa!
Narration: *But an instant later, she pulls it right back out.*
Michiru: M-My hand hit something! It hit a lump!! Yuuji, you perv!
Yuuji: ...That "lump" is just the mitten I stuffed in there earlier.
Michiru: Ooh, right. Okay then, I'll use the other side.
Narration: *Circling around me, Michiru pushes her hand into my other pocket. Honestly... the girl really makes a scene out of everything.*
Michiru: Okay, mission complete! Hm? My finger touched something again. What do you have in this pocket?
Yuuji: Nothing at all.
Michiru: Hmmm. Okay!
Yuuji: Well? Satisfied now?
Michiru: Hmm. I dunno... it doesn't feel quite as lovey-dovey as it did in my imagination...
Yuuji: In that case, why don't you take your hand out of my pocket now?
Michiru: No way! This is just fine. I wanna walk like this.
Narration: *We proceed awkwardly down the road. Michiru's hand in my pocket means that I'm practically dragging her along with me.*
Michiru: Hm? It feels like that thing my fingers keep touching got a little harder...
Yuuji: That might very well be the case.
Michiru: Huh? Wait, didn't you just say you don't have anything in your pocket?
Yuuji: Yes. I did say that.
Michiru: Okay, then what do I keep touching? It almost feels rubbery, but it's kinda warm...
Yuuji: That would be my penis.
Michiru: Pe...!?
Michiru: Pe...
Narration: *Michiru's hand, which has been squirming around inside my pocket for a while, suddenly goes still.*
Yuuji: What's the matter? It's not like this is the first time you've touched it.
Michiru: W-Well, yeah, but...
Yuuji: Hell, it's been in your mouth and your vagina plenty of times. What's the problem if you accidentally touched it through my pants?
Michiru: Wh-What the heck is wrong with you? How can you say that so calmly!?
Yuuji: I'm just stating the facts. Seriously, what's the matter? Did touching it get you in the mood?
Michiru: Don't be stupid! Of course not!
Michiru: Look... when we're having sex, it just feels natural to touch each other, right? But when you do something like that accidentally, out here in broad daylight... it's kinda weird, right?
Yuuji: Okay, sure. So what?
Michiru: I-I dunno.
Yuuji: All right then.
Narration: *Michiru doesn't remove her hand from my pocket, but she's turned her face down to avoid eye contact. There's a bit of a pause in the conversation... not that I really mind.*
Michiru: Uhm...
Yuuji: What's up?
Michiru: Why is it doing that...?
Yuuji: Not sure I understand the question.
Michiru: Why is it... getting bigger...?
Yuuji: There's nothing unusual about getting an erection after your girlfriend caresses your penis, is there?
Michiru: Bwah!? I didn't caress it or anything! I just touched it a little!
Yuuji: How did you "touch" it, specifically?
Michiru: I mean, I just sorta... poked at it... or stroked it a little...
Michiru: ...Is that really all it takes to make it get bigger?
Yuuji: It depends on the person. It's probably more of a physical reflex than an expression of actual lust. Something like morning wood, perhaps?
Michiru: Why are you asking me? I don't know anything about that stuff...
Yuuji: Oh really? I've noticed you playing with my penis in the mornings, after we spend the night together.
Michiru: ...!?!?
Michiru: W-Wait, you were awake!? I-I was just... I mean, it got all hard even though you were asleep, so I was kinda curious...
Yuuji: Hrm.
Michiru: I wasn't doing anything weird, okay!? I'm not a horny slut or anything!
Yuuji: I seem to remember you licking it a little. Does that not qualify as "weird"?
Michiru: ...!!!!!!
Michiru: Sachi told me... waking up to a blowjob was every man's dream, so...
Michiru: But I stopped halfway, okay!? I didn't go all the way!
Yuuji: I'm not saying I didn't enjoy it.
Michiru: ...Huh? Oh. Then... should I go through with it next time...?
Yuuji: Sure.
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: ............
Narration: *Her face bright red, Michiru looks down at the ground and falls silent.*
Narration: *After a little while, we come across a lady walking her dog in the opposite direction.*
Housewife: Oh, hello there.
Yuuji: Good afternoon.
Narration: *Noticing that Michiru's got her hand jammed in my pants, the woman opens her eyes wide.*
Housewife: Oh, good lord. Why would you touch each other like that in public? Kids these days!
Narration: *Scooping up her dog, the lady moves swiftly past us. From an outside perspective, I suppose this does look more than a little questionable.*
Michiru: Auuuugh! Hold on a second! We're done! Operation cancelled!!
Narration: *Yanking her hand out of my pocket, Michiru breathes roughly through her nose in evident distress.*
Michiru: What the heck!? Now I just feel like a slut! This isn't the winter date I was going for!
Yuuji: But it was pretty close to what you requested, wasn't it?
Michiru: It was NOT! I wanted to do cootchy-coo with our hands in my coat pocket. That was just, y'know... dirty! And my hand was boiling!
Michiru: Let's try a different approach, I guess. There's other stuff I wanted to try out. You'll play along, right?
Yuuji: I don't mind, but please tell me it isn't anything bizarre this time.
Michiru: Of course not! It's not bizarre at all. In fact, it's gonna set the mood super perfectly! Hold onto your hat!
Michiru: ...Whoo, I'm a little dizzy from all that shouting. Cocoa time.
Michiru: Mngmngmng.
Michiru: Bleeeeeh... it's so sweet...! Blrgh.
Michiru: Okay then, hereeee we go. Item number one: Michiru-chan's midwinter snowball-fight corner!
Yuuji: ..."Snowball-fight"?
Michiru: You betcha! When you get down to it, winter's all about the snow. Snow is the essence of romance! In other words, snow makes right! With me so far, Yuuji!?
Yuuji: Well, I understand how difficult combat can be under snowy conditions. But the "romantic" part...
Michiru: Yes! That's exactly right! White Christmas. White stew. White chocolate. All of these are highly romantic! And all of them involve snow!
Yuuji: That's not actually true.
Michiru: Okay then, let's begin the fantasizing. *Slurp*...
Narration: *Completely ignoring my objections, Michiru once again soars off into her own little world.*
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji-kun! Let's have us a battle!
Yuuji: Come on, you can't just go around starting wars in this day and age. Silly Michiru. 
Michiru: No, no, you don't understand. Even now, there's one form of battle authorized by the government... namely, the noble snowball fight!
Yuuji: ...!!!
Yuuji: I'm humbled by your wisdom once again, Michiru. I wish I could look inside your mind and retrace the train of thought that led you to such deep insight.
Michiru: Okay then! I declare the snowball-hostilities underway!
Michiru: Here comes my first volley! Yah!
Yuuji: Gah! Haha, you got me... now I'm mad!
Michiru: Teheheh. Sorry, but I can't show mercy on the battlefield!
Yuuji: All right then, I won't go easy on you either. Take that!
Michiru: Wawah! What a shock! 100% accuracy! But that's our Yuuji for you!
Yuuji: Heheh, you betcha! I've been real good at this sorta thing ever since I was...
Yuuji: Wah, you got me again! A sneak attack!? No fair!
Michiru: Heeee ho hee. Shouldn't let your guard down, mister.
Yuuji: Tohoho hee ho. I'll get you back for that one!
Michiru: Try and catch me if you can! Eheehee, ahahaaa!
Yuuji: Wait for meee, Michiruuu!
Yuuji: Seriously, what kind of personality do I have inside your head...?
Michiru: Gah! So anyway, we should have a snowball fight like that! It's definitely a winter thing, and it's totally lovey-dovey!
Yuuji: Okay, let's just... assume you're right about that. Problem is, there's no snow in the summer. I don't know if they could even make it with a machine in this heat.
Michiru: Heheh, no worries there! Michiru-chan prepared everything we need ahead of time!
Narration: *Reaching into her pouch, Michiru retrieves a plastic bag. It's dripping with condensation.*
Yuuji: Uh, what's that supposed to be?
Michiru: I couldn't get my hands on any snow, so I brought ice instead! Ta-da!
Yuuji: Let me take a look.
Narration: *The bag's packed full of ice cubes, presumably made in the tray of a freezer. Some of them are partially melted, but there's still quite a lot in here.*
Michiru: I had Sachi make ice for me in her room yesterday. And Amane. And Makina. But not Yumiko, cause she's scary.
Michiru: A bit of ice makes things way more wintery! And in a pinch, they're perfectly good substitute snowballs!
Narration: *She seems quite convinced this is going to work, but hurling hard chunks of ice at each other doesn't strike me as a particularly wise idea.*
Yuuji: Listen, Michiru. Why don't you think this over a little more carefully?
Michiru: I did think it over! And it was tons of fun!
Yuuji: Even snowballs can be dangerous if you pack them too firmly... if you hit someone in the wrong place with these ice cubes, you could kill them. Don't you have any better substitute?
Michiru: C'mon, Yuuji... when the battle comes to you, there's no time to fuss over your equipment. You take what you have and head off to fight! That's what it means to be a man! And on that note... hiya!
Yuuji: ...!!
Yuuji: Stop, seriously. That's dangerous.
Narration: *This is exactly why amateurs can be dangerous. Wasn't expecting her to throw that thing at me so abruptly from point-blank range. I managed to block reflexively, but she hit the LCD on my wristwatch.*
Michiru: What!? You blocked that attack!? You're a formidable foe, Kazami Yuuji! But surely you can't evade this! Have at you, Kazamiii Yuujiiiii!!
Michiru: Yowww!
Michiru: Direct attacks are no fair, Kazami Yuuji!
Yuuji: I don't want to hear that from a girl who randomly started hurling ice at me. Good lord...
Michiru: You're wide open, Kazami Yuuji!
Michiru: Nbyah!
Yuuji: No I'm not. Like I said, you're going to hurt someone throwing that ice around. Let's not do this.
Michiru: No waaaay! I wanna have a snowball fight with you! I really, really wanna!
Yuuji: Is it really that important to you?
Michiru: I'll never ask you for anything else. I'll put my life on the line for this!
Yuuji: I can't say I approve of you treating your life so casually, but if you're that determined, I suppose I'm willing to play along.
Michiru: Huh? Really!? You're wide open, Kazami Yuu-
Michiru: Ooofh.
Yuuji: Calm down. What are you, a monkey?
Michiru: What!? I'm a monkey!?
Yuuji: I certainly hope not.
Michiru: Huh, I'm not!? Which is it!? What the heck... I don't even know who I am anymore!
Yuuji: Question. Which sounds more appealing: a monkey house or a snowball fight?
Michiru: Snooowball fiiight!♪
Yuuji: Then forget about the monkey thing and listen to me. A "snowball fight" using chunks of ice is no different from actual combat. There's a high possibility a single enemy attack will leave you fatally injured.
Yuuji: Under such circumstances, what's the single most important thing that you have to prioritize above all else?
Michiru: Friendship! Friendship is important! Oh, and money's important, too! But you know, Yuuji... there are some things that can't be bought!
Yuuji: Did you completely ignore every word I said before the "most important thing" part?
Michiru: Huh? Ooh, hahah. Squirmy squirm... What, you really wanna make me say it...?
Yuuji: Hm?
Michiru: Uhm, the most important thing to me right now... is actually a guy named Kazami Yuuji. Kya!
Yuuji: Correct. In order to avoid potentially fatal injuries, your top priority is to defend yourself from your opponent's attacks. Good job.
Michiru: Hm? Did I say that? Whatever. I'm glad I got it right!
Yuuji: Well then. As I'm sure you're aware, when your battlefield is a flat area without sufficient cover, it's necessary to dig a defensive trench to protect yourself from enemy fire. A foxhole, in other words.
Michiru: Sure, I know what that is! It's kind of a naughty word, right?
Yuuji: No. Seriously, how short is your attention span? Did you just hear the "hole" part?
Michiru: It's your fault for being so cool, Yuuji. I keep staring at you instead of listening to what you're saying.
Yuuji: ...So as I've explained, digging defensive positions is an essential step toward victory in this battle. Understood?
Michiru: Ah! You ignored me, Yuuji! Are you feeling shy 'cause I called you cool?
Michiru: Ofuh.
Yuuji: There's a popsicle stick lying on the ground over there. Go pick it up!
Michiru: Will do!
Michiru: I picked it up!
Yuuji: Excellent. Now make yourself a trench. We don't have an E-tool or a shovel, so you'll have to use that stick. Understood? Get to it, then!
Michiru: Yessir! Eesh, hoosh, eesh, hoosh.
Yuuji: ...
Michiru: Eesh, hoosh, eesh, hoosh...
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Eesh... Uhm, this isn't exactly the kind of date I was going for!
Yuuji: You want to have a snowball fight, don't you? Then we start by making the trenches! Don't dig straight down - it's possible a grenade might come flying in! A diagonal slant will offer better protection from the blast!
Michiru: Yuuji! This is a snowball fight, so I don't think grenades are going to be involved! Also, I've only dug five centimeters so far!
Yuuji: I see. Seems I may have to oversee your work for another eight hours or so, then. Continue!
Michiru: R-Right! Anything for my snowball fight! Eesh, hoosh, eesh...
Narration: *Thirty minutes later.*
Michiru: ...Haa, haa.
Narration: *Michiru's been persistently scraping away at the soil with her stick, but it seems she finally reached the limits of her endurance. She's collapsed onto the ground, face buried in the half-meter hole she managed to dig.*
Yuuji: What's the matter? We'll never be able to open hostilities at this rate.
Michiru: Yuujiiii, I can't take anymooore. I'm tiiired. The cocoa's all gooone. And this really isn't how I wanted this date to go! I mean, I'm just digging a hoooole!
Yuuji: Hrm. Do you want to continue, or do something else?
Michiru: I wanna do... something else...
Yuuji: Very well then. Operation complete. Let's head elsewhere.
Michiru: Hii, hii... give me five minutes, please. I can't move...
Yuuji: By the way, Michiru. You said that a "snowball fight" is the one and only form of battle authorized by the government, yes?
Michiru: Y-Yesh... I did say that...
Yuuji: I don't think they've forbidden your standard "battle of the bands," either.
Michiru: T-Touche, Kazami Yuuji... *Plunk*
Narration: *With this final remark, Michiru falls back to the ground and stops moving entirely.*
Narration: *Even if she had finished digging her foxhole, the ice in her bag would surely have melted before the battle could begin.*
Narration: *This is what you might call a wasted effort. But in recognition of the girl's admirable tenacity, I think I'll go buy her something cool to drink.*

Date: *September 17, 2011, 12:16 - Coastal Road*
Yuuji: What's the matter? You look a little pale.
Michiru: L-Look, what do you expect? I just spent way too long scraping at the ground with a popsicle stick.
Yuuji: I see. I guess a snowball fight in the summer just wasn't realistic.
Michiru: Snow... If only there was snow, we could have our battle just fine...
Yuuji: Snow's just not possible in this heat.
Michiru: Well, it doesn't have to be snow, as long as it's romantic. Something that looks like snow would be fine.
Yuuji: Oh, I know. The ash that falls after a volcanic eruption looks kind of like snow, doesn't it?
Michiru: I guess it might, but that's not romantic at all...
Yuuji: How about airborne troops parachuting in for an assault?
Michiru: That wouldn't even look anything like snow.
Yuuji: But there's a certain romance to it!
Michiru: That's not what I was talking about! It's different, okay!?
Narration: *Picking up her pace, Michiru stalks ahead of me in a huff. Apparently "romance" can mean rather different things for men and women.*
Michiru: Hmm...
Yuuji: What's wrong? Need to urinate?
Michiru: No! I kinda feel like the people we pass on the street are staring at me...
Yuuji: They're probably startled by that thick coat you're wearing. I know I'd keep a cautious eye on you, if I was in their shoes.
Michiru: Is it really that weird...? I thought it was pretty cute...
Yuuji: I'm not denying that, and I already said it looks good on you. But consider the time of year. What season is this?
Michiru: Wiiinter...
Yuuji: Good grief. But anyway...
Narration: *But anyway―*
Narration: *I find myself unable to continue that sentence. Why, you ask? Because my heart feels ready to burst with affection.*
Narration: *What I want to say is simple enough. "But anyway... your new hair color's pretty nice."*
Narration: *Her usual blond twintails are superb, but this black color suits her just as perfectly. It's so perfect, I can barely control myself.*
Narration: *To be frank, I'm paralyzed in the face of such loveliness. I'd like nothing better than to push her down right now and rain passionate kisses onto her lips.*
Michiru: And so, I say only this... Michiru! I love you, Michiru! 
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Michiruuu...
Yuuji: Please stop putting words in my mouth.
Michiru: Guh! But, c'mooon! You haven't said anything about my hair, Yuuji! I went out of my way to make it more wintery!
Yuuji: ...Hrm.
Michiru: I mean, whatever. It's fine. So what were you trying to say? "But anyway, it's way too hot out?" "But anyway, I'm getting hungry?" Something like that?
Yuuji: Good grief. But anyway...
Michiru: Anyway?
Yuuji: Your new hair color's pretty nice.
Michiru: Huh...? R-Really? Wait, I was right?
Yuuji: Yeah, you weren't wrong. That blond hair was kind of your trademark, but it's not half-bad with a different coloring.
Michiru: H-Hold on, why the compliments all of a sudden? You're embarrassing me, Yuuji!
Yuuji: Nothing "sudden" about it. I always try to give you my honest thoughts.
Michiru: R-Really? Geez, you're making my heart race a little... Here, wanna touch my chest?
Yuuji: All right.
Michiru: Hey! What's the big idea!?
Yuuji: You told me to touch your chest, so I'm touching it.
Michiru: That's not what I said! I just asked if you WANTED to touch it! Normally, that goes...
Michiru: "We're in public." "C'mon, don't be shy." "What if Sakaki sees us?" "Who cares?" "But Sakaki..." "What's so good about Sakaki!?" "Her face." "What? You're cheating on me!?" "But yours is a hundred times cuter." "...Ooh."
Michiru: ...or something like that, right!?
Yuuji: Michiru, do you have 10 yen on you?
Michiru: Why are you buying a drink!? Are you even listening to me!? Here, 10 yen.
Yuuji: Appreciate it.
Yuuji: So what were we talking about again?
Michiru: It's fine, forget about it. Hmph... damn you, Sakaki.
Yuuji: ...I don't see what Sakaki did to deserve that. Poor girl's probably having a sneezing fit somewhere.
Michiru: Who cares? She's probably just looking at weird sites on her computer again.
Narrator: Meanwhile! Sakaki Yumiko...
Yumiko: .........
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yumiko: "Is there a man you really want to date? Give this method a try. You'll change his attitude in two minutes flat"...?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: I wonder if that's true...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Rubbish, I'm sure.
Yumiko: Hm? Is this a link to a naughty video?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Oh, that's... goodness... uhm...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Th-That startled me...
Yumiko: ......
Narrator: ...attempted to view a bit of pornography, but was frightened by a "screamer" video instead!
Michiru: By the way, Yuuji. What comes to mind when you think "winter food"?
Yuuji: Oyster hotpot, maybe?
Michiru: That's right! The milk of the sea... Steamed buns! You take a piping hot bun full of meat, split it in half, then huff and puff until it's cool enough to eat. It's the highlight of any winter date!
Yuuji: Why split it in half?
Michiru: We're students without much money... or that's the excuse, at least. It's really just because you wanna share with each other. That's love!
Yuuji: I always end up having to eat half of my boss' yakitori when we go to a bar... is that love, too?
Michiru: Who cares!? We're talking about steamed buns right now, okay? Anyway, I'm gonna go buy one at that convenience store. You wait here.
Michiru: Hello there! One steamed bun, if you'd be so kind!
Employee A: I'm terribly sorry. We do have oden available, but our steamed buns aren't ready yet...
Michiru: No.
Employee A: Pardon me?
Michiru: I can't accept that. Please give me one. Pretty please.
Employee A: Uh, but as I said, we don't have any at the moment.
Michiru: Then call for your manager! I want to speak with him!
Employee A: But I'm afraid the manager's...
Michiru: Just call for him already! You have to! That's all I ask!
Employee A: A-All right. Mister Manager! Mister Manageeer!
Michiru: ...
Employee A: ......
Michiru: .........
Employee A: I'm afraid the manager took today off.
Michiru: Why'd you call for him!? Right, because I told you to. Yeah. Sorry. I just really, really need a steamed bun right now...
Employee A: I-I see. We do have some frozen ones in storage, so if you're willing to wait...
Michiru: Yes... please...
Michiru: I am victorious!
Yuuji: Over who?
Michiru: The manager! Anyway, I've finally obtained the steamed bun I yearned for. Sorry to keep you waiting, Yuuji.
Michiru: Now then, time to tear this piping hot meat-bun in half...
Michiru: Gah, so hot...
Yuuji: That thing's certainly letting off a lot of steam. Did they heat it up too much? The bun looks totally dry.
Michiru: It's fine. Nice and hot is exactly what I wanted. Here, Yuuji, you can have the larger part. I know you've got a big appetite! Hee hee.
Michiru: All right then, time to eat our steamed bun together!
Yuuji: Can't say I approve of eating in the middle of the road...
Michiru: Hamfh! ...It's so hot. And so dry... haa haa... So hooot...
Yuuji: Why don't you take off your coat?
Michiru: C'mon, that wouldn't be wintery at all! Mnghngh. Hot... So hooot...
Narration: *Michiru repeatedly emphasizes how hot the food is without saying much of anything about its taste. Every time she forces it into her mouth, great beads of sweat appear all over her face.*
Michiru: Hiii, hiii... it's p-pretty tasty if you tough it out!
Yuuji: Here, drink this. It's oolong tea. Nice and cool.
Michiru: No way. If I drink anything, I want it to be hot cocoa! Cause it's winter! Mngh ngh...
Narration: *The girl's speaking less and less with every bite she takes. Maybe she really has entered some kind of "endurance tournament" without my knowledge.*
Yuuji: ...Are you satisfied?
Michiru: No, this is no good. That manager pulled one over on me! This thing's all dry, and it isn't tasty at all! I think I messed up...
Narration: *At long last, Michiru appears to have realized the error of her ways. Everyone makes mistakes; what matters is that you recognize them, and take care not to repeat them.*
Narration: *It seems she's finally taken the first step forward.*
Michiru: Yeah, I definitely shoulda gone with oden instead. Wait here, Yuuji! I'm gonna go buy some oden!
Narration: *I retract my previous statement. She's made no progress whatsoever.*
Michiru: Pardon me! Pardon meee!
Employee A: Oh! It's winter woman!
Michiru: Hey, don't make me sound like some kind of lame supervillain! I'd like to buy some oden, please.
Employee A: All right, we do have oden available. What kind would you like?
Michiru: ...Can I ask you something first?
Employee A: C-Certainly.
Michiru: Is there any kind of cold oden? Like, something cool and refreshing?
Employee A: ...No.
Michiru: Yeah, figures... I guess bubbling hot is fine, then. Uhm, let's start with daikon...
Employee A: Ah! I'm very sorry, ma'am. There's actually only one kind we can provide at the moment...
Michiru: Hweh?
Michiru: Thanks for waiting! I got us a heaping helping of oden! ...So hot.
Narration: *Michiru returns with an oden container full of doughy "chikuwabu" tubes... and pretty much nothing else.*
Yuuji: Hm, that's a rather unique selection. Is this a local custom of some sort?
Michiru: Everything else was still cooking, so chikuwabu was the only thing they had ready to eat. I bought their entire stock.
Yuuji: Why did you feel the need to buy them out?
Michiru: Well... with enough chikuwabu...
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji. Shall we play the chikuwabu game?
Yuuji: Huh? You mean that avant-garde game that's all the rage at the mixers these days?
Michiru: Yep. You eat a piece of chikuwabu from both ends, and at the end... kissy-kiss. Kyaha!
Yuuji: That's a superb idea, Michiru. Simply superb! All right then, go ahead and put one in your mouth.
Michiru: Huh? Me first? O-Okay... Hamfh...
Yuuji: How is it, Michiru? Nice and hot?
Michiru: Yeah... your chikuwabu's really big, and thick, and hot... Mmh...
Yuuji: All right then. Now it's my turn.
Michiru: Nn... be gentle, okay?
Yuuji: Okay, I've got my end. Ready to start eating?
Michiru: Yeah. Nnh, it's so biiig...
Yuuji: Careful, Michiru. I have to punish you if it slips out of your mouth. Understood?
Michiru: Y-Yes...
Yuuji: All right then. Let's begin the chikuwabu game!
Michiru: *Om* *Nom* *Nom*
Yuuji: *Om* *Nom* *Nom*
Michiru: *Om* *Nom* *Nom*
Yuuji: *Om* *Nom* *Nom*
Michiru: *Om* *Nom* *Nom* (Oh no, Yuuji's face is getting close!)
Yuuji: *Om* *Nom* *Nom*
Michiru: *Om* *Nom* *Nom* (Geez, we're so close... Were Yuuji's eyes always this pretty...?)
Yuuji: *Om* *Nom* *Nom* *Nom* *Nom* *Nom* *Nom*
Michiru: *Om* *Nom* *Nom* (Agh, he's speeding up all of a sudden! What do I do!?)
Yuuji: *Om* *Nom*...
Michiru: Hah... (Ah, our lips are already touching...!)
Narration: **Smack**
Michiru: (I'm... k-kissing Yuujiii!?)
Yuuji: Our lips... seem to have knocked together. Did you misjudge the distance between us?
Michiru: Y-Yeah. I guess I got careless...
Yuuji: Well then, let's try it again. Time for round two.
Michiru: R-Right!!
Michiru: Yeeees, perfect! That's the stuff! I knew oden was the right choice! We've got this!!!
Yuuji: Things seem to be lively as ever inside your brain.
Michiru: Okay then. Let's go right ahead and give that chikuwabu game a try!
Yuuji: Is that the one where you slap each other with tubes of chikuwabu?
Michiru: Of course not! Where did you even see that?
Yuuji: I think Makina and Sachi were doing it at some point.
Michiru: ...That definitely sounds like something those two would do. Anyway, this is totally different. We're gonna eat one tube of chikuwabu from opposite ends.
Yuuji: If that's what you want to do, it's fine by me.
Michiru: Okay, I'll take it from this end. Nomf.
Michiru: Now you bite th' other side, Yuuji. I'll lift it up a little bit for you.
Michiru: Blorf!!
Narration: *Grabbing a piece of chikuwabu with her mouth, Michiru raises her face toward me to compensate for the difference in our heights. As a result, all the hot broth that was inside that tube of dough pours into her mouth.*
Michiru: S-S-So hot! This aaangle...
Narration: *Her face covered in chikuwabu juices, Michiru looks up at me with teary eyes.*
Yuuji: Did you seriously not see that coming?
Michiru: I forgot about the broth when I was fantasizing...
Yuuji: It looks like you burned yourself. Are you all right?
Michiru: Yeah... but it really smarts, so I don't think I can play this game any more.
Yuuji: That's too bad.
Michiru: Let's try again when it's cooled down a little. Yeah. We'll do this later.
Michiru: Hey Yuuji, I've been thinking... a date's gotta involve a trip to the movies!
Yuuji: I see. By your standards, that's an unusually decent idea.
Michiru: Ehehe. Isn't it, though? When the movie starts and the theater goes all dark, I can lean my head over a little and rest it on your shoulder...
Michiru: Then you gently reach over and squeeze my hand. By the end my heart's just pounding in my chest, and I don't even remember what the movie was about! Now that's a date for you!
Yuuji: ...Hmm.
Michiru: On that note, let's go! Movie theater time!
Narration: *As we approach the local movie theater, I notice an unusual number of young children on the street. They're all wearing plastic bull masks and carrying something that resembles a hunk of meat.*
Narration: *The other people nearby don't seem particularly perturbed by the odd spectacle. Is this some new trend? I just don't understand fashion.*
Michiru: They're showing a romance movie called "The Plains of Amsterdam," an action movie called "The Men and Their Bullets," and... ooh!
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Michiru: Uhm, what movie do you want to see, Yuuji? I'll go with whatever you want.
Yuuji: Don't worry about me. You can pick.
Michiru: Mmm... you don't get it. I wanna see the one you wanna see.
Yuuji: The one I want to see...?
Michiru: Come to think of it, you don't really talk about movies that much. Do you not like them?
Yuuji: I don't dislike them, I just haven't seen that many... Going to the movie theater wasn't really an option for me most of the time.
Michiru: Were you that busy with work?
Yuuji: That's got something to do with it as well. They did take everyone to see a movie maybe once a year, though. It was part of our education in the world outside the company.
Michiru: You went to the movies for school? That's weird...
Yuuji: They took us to a screening at a civic center, not an actual movie theater. I think we saw a cartoon starring a blue unicorn...
Yuuji: Kind of a preachy movie, but I enjoyed it well enough.
Michiru: Hmmm. An anime, huh? I see. So you're an anime fan, Yuuji!
Yuuji: I just happened to see a cartoon that one time. I wouldn't say I'm a fan...
Michiru: Okay then. Since you're that big of a fan, let's go with anime! Nheh, even Kazami Yuuji has a childish side, huh? Hmmm, let's see, what are they showing...?
Narration: *Ignoring my objections completely (as always), Michiru looks up at the list of movies on the wall...*
Michiru: Ooh! Here we go! We gotta go with this one!
Narration: *And when she turns around to face me, her eyes are full of conviction.*
Michiru: Tunafish Man!
Yuuji: Tunafish... Man? I think that's a live-action hero drama, not an anime.
Michiru: Heeheehee ho hee. You'd think so, right? But no. This right here is a side story in anime form!
Narration: *I look up at the poster Michiru's pointing toward. It's covered with colorful illustrations of creatures from that TV show I saw once or twice.*
Narration: *At the center is General Spareribs, one of the show's villains. This must be a spinoff where he's the main character.*
Yuuji: This General Spareribs looks younger than he does on the TV show.
Michiru: That's right. It's a controversial prequel covering the youth of General Spareribs.
Michiru: Heheh. It feels a little childish to see a cartoon on a date, but since you insist... I guess we'll go with this one.
Yuuji: I didn't really insist.
Michiru: Aw, it's fine, you know? A girl's gotta humor her boyfriend every once in a while. Yeah. Okay, we'll see this one!
Announcement: The next showing of "Young Spareribs 3D" will begin at 1:10 PM. If you purchased tickets, please proceed to the second theater from the entrance.
Michiru: Gah, it's starting already. Let's go get our tickets, Yuuji!
Yuuji: I'm sure they're going to have ads before the movie. No need to rush.
Michiru: No, no! We're not gonna miss a minute! Let's get a move on!
Yuuji: ...That was unfortunate.
Michiru: Please don't. Don't talk about the chikuwabu right now.
Narration: *As we entered the theater, an usher warned us that we couldn't bring in food from the outside.*
Narration: *We were given a choice between disposing of our oden or missing the show. Michiru reluctantly chose the former.*
Yuuji: Come on, it's not so bad. The kids were happy, right? They were all over you once you started handing out the oden.
Michiru: Y-Yeah. I guess... Good thing there were so many families with kids in the lobby.
Narration: *When Michiru started distributing her oden in that seasonally inappropriate outfit, the parents seemed to assume she was giving out samples as part of some promotional campaign. First and only time that coat's come in handy.*
Michiru: Oh, looks like it's about to start.
Spareribs: In those days, I was still young, idealistic, and full of dreams. I had a spot on my school's American football team... and a beautiful girlfriend named Urute.
Spareribs: The sound of her strumming her beloved guitar kept my heart at peace, no matter what challenges I faced.
Spareribs: But soon enough, those peaceful days were shattered... by none other than the monstrous Professor Momoteur!
Momoteur: What say you, Spareribs? Will you save the world, or save this woman!?
Urute: Spareribs, forget about me! You have to press that switch!!
Spareribs: Curses! I simply can't decide! What am I supposed to do!?
Momoteur: Do you really think a bull who can't protect a single woman could save the world!?
Spareribs: Will I die and roast on the grill... or live to stain my hooves in sauce...?
Urute: Spareriiiiibs!!
Spareribs: Fresh-fish Superman Tunafish Man Origins: Young Spareribs 3D ~The Attack of Professor Momoteur~ will begin very soon!
Woman: And please enjoy our showing of "The Mini-Mini Tunafish Men's Fishy Family Gathering" as well!
Female Employee: Everyone, please place your empty popcorn buckets in this tray!
Female Employee: We have souvenirs and booklets for sale at the shop next to the lobby! We do hope you'll stop by!
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: What's wrong, Michiru? Didn't you enjoy it?
Michiru: .........
Yuuji: I see, so you weren't satisfied? I suppose it was a little on the serious side. Maybe a romantic movie would have been...
Michiru: No, it's the exact opposite. That was even better than I expected!
Michiru: G-General Spareribs always seemed like just another villain. Who knew he used to be so heroic? Man, it's no wonder he dyed his hooves in miso sauce... Anyone would hate the world after that.
Yuuji: Hm. Sounds like you enjoyed it.
Michiru: I liked how they used CG to do action scenes that wouldn't be possible on the live-action TV show. It was just so lively... the animation was really good!
Michiru: They used the 3D to create depth, not just to make stuff jump out at you. But they made sure to keep things fun for the kids too, right?
Yuuji: Like when Young Spareribs was in trouble, and the narrator told everyone to wave their "spare ribs" at the screen?
Michiru: Yeah, exactly! I was kinda confused when they handed us that thing at the ticket counter, but now it all makes sense... Man, that's gotta be the best movie I saw all year...
Michiru: Y'know, they ran this promotion for an anime DVD a while ago where you could get a special bonus if you preordered at a convenience store...
Michiru: It was a "riceball figure" based on one the director made personally.
Michiru: I really wanted that riceball, but this "spare ribs" figure is just as high-quality...
Yuuji: It just looks like one of those plastic "samples" they use in supermarkets.
Michiru: What blasphemy! Man, I wish I had another. It would be so cool to have two of these...
Michiru: Ugh, I can't help myself. I'm gonna go buy a commemorative booklet!
Narration: *There's a satisfied smile on Michiru's face. She's carrying two plastic "spare ribs" in her hands and a commemorative booklet under one arm.*
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji... are you sure about this?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's not a problem. It seemed like you wanted that thing, and I'm not really a big fan of meat in the first place.
Michiru: But this is a limited-edition figure, you know? Don't come back asking for it later.
Yuuji: Like I said, I don't mind. As long as it makes you happy.
Michiru: You mean that...? Ehehe. You really are nice, Yuuji... Wait, no, no!
Michiru: T-This is all wrong. This isn't the date I was dreaming of! It needs to be more, well... I dunno, but... not like this! Definitely not like this!
Narration: *Michiru abruptly begins to tear at her hair and stomp the ground in frustration. The girl's as emotionally volatile as ever.*
Yuuji: Calm yourself. This seems like a perfectly respectable date to me.
Michiru: Who goes on a date with spare ribs figures in both hands!? Have you ever been on a date like that!?
Yuuji: Let's see, in my personal experience...
Michiru: Hiiii, stop it! Don't tell me about dates you went on with other girls! I'm gonna get jealous!
Yuuji: You're the one who asked the question.
Michiru: Haa!
Yuuji: What's wrong?
Michiru: Heheh. Guess what? I just spotted something truly, undeniably date-a-riffic. With this baby in the picture, there's no escaping the date-liciousness. Are you ready for this, Yuuji?
Yuuji: You really make a fuss over every little thing... What is it, then?
Michiru: You ask me what it is, Kazami Yuuji!? Prepare to regret those words! Ta daaa! Behold, the very pinnacle of game center dating: a pic-sticker booth!
Narration: *Michiru points, with obvious confidence, to one of those large booth-type machines where you can take photographs and have them printed out on stickers.*
Narration: *Before I can even offer a reply, she runs over and peeks under the curtain to see if the machine's currently in use.*
Michiru: Great, nobody's using it. C'mon, Yuuji. Let's take pictures! This is perfect date material!
Yuuji: I don't really mind, but... what's so fun about a machine that just takes your photograph?
Michiru: Geez, you just don't get it. These stickers are like a chronicle of your youth, okay? You can take lots and trade them with all your friends, too!
Yuuji: Do you have enough friends to trade these things with?
Michiru: ...Well, maybe a little trading here and there. But the real point is to have fun taking the photos. You can scribble, too!
Yuuji: Scribble? On what, the machine?
Michiru: No, no! You really are a doofus, Yuuji. You'll understand once we give it a try, okay?
Yuuji: Hrm.
Narration: *When we pass through the ankle-length curtain into the booth itself, we find a camera and monitor in front of us, surrounded by eight large, semispherical light bulbs.*
Narration: *They look something like enormous white Go stones.*
Yuuji: I see. This is some absurdly intense lighting... Guess there's no need for a flash.
Narration: *There's a green cloth hanging behind us. It's the sort of "green screen" you'd use to make a composite image... This machine probably lets you edit your photographs after you've taken them.*
Yuuji: Can you add backgrounds from tourist spots around the world or something?
Michiru: Uh, maybe in the machines from like twenty years ago? Talk about lame...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Michiru: Okay then, I'm gonna put 400 yen in.
Printy: Welcome to Printy ★ Princess! Start by choosing how you want your photos to look!
Narration: *As the machine speaks to us in a high-pitched voice, Michiru promptly begins slapping her hand down vigorously against the LCD monitor.*
Yuuji: What's the matter? That voice get on your nerves?
Michiru: No, no! I'm setting it to whitening mode!
Narration: *The touch screen's currently displaying a horizontal slide bar with "Natural Mode" on one end and "Whitening Mode" on the other.*
Narration: *Seems like they let you adjust the color balance of your photographs by degrees.*
Michiru: Whitening, whitening, whitening, whiteniiiiing!
Yuuji: What's the point in making everything so white?
Michiru: Girls want flawless skin, okay!?
Printy: Okay, time for the next setting. Do you want Doe Eyes Mode or Super Doe Eyes Mode?
Michiru: Super! Super doe eyes!!
Yuuji: You have to go through a whole setup process...? That's kind of a pain.
Michiru: What are you talking about? You've gotta be careful here or they won't turn out well. C'mon, c'mon... gimme them doe eyes!
Printy: Choose four patterns from our list of frames and designs!
Narration: *A large number of frames appear on the monitor. Blindingly bright primary colors seem to be a consistent theme. There are some minor differences, but honestly, they all look pretty much the same to me.*
Yuuji: What's the difference between this one and that one, Michiru?
Michiru: Can't you tell? One of them's horizontal, and the other one's vertical.
Yuuji: ...That's it?
Michiru: Yep, that's it. I'm trying to choose, so stop distracting me!
Narration: *Keeping my mouth shut seems like the smarter move here. Stepping away from the monitor, I fold my arms and watch Michiru make her choices from behind.*
Printy: All right. We're gonna take a picture, so look at the camera! Squeeze up nice and close, you two. Three, two...
Michiru: C'mon, Yuuji! Photo time!
Yuuji: Doesn't give you much warning...
Michiru: Let's get in close, like it said.
Printy: ...one.
Printy: Okay!
Yuuji: Wh-What the hell...? Why did it make my eyes look so huge?
Michiru: Nmyu, that one wasn't so great. We gotta work on our poses a little.
Printy: We're gonna take another picture, so look at the camera! This time, let's get vertical. Three, two...
Michiru: Ah! C'mon, Yuuji! We gotta get vertical!
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean? This thing's instructions are too damn vague!
Printy: ...one.
Printy: Okay!
Yuuji: ...Looks like a picture of some creepy totem pole.
Michiru: Nice! That one came out pretty well.
Printy: We're gonna take another picture, so look at the camera! This time, let's try a cute little wink! Three, two...
Michiru: You hear that, Yuuji? A wink! Oh geez! What do we do!?
Yuuji: Uh... wink, I guess?
Printy: ...one.
Printy: Okay!
Michiru: How was that "okay"!? My eye was half-shut!!
Yuuji: All right, I think I'm getting used to this pace. We'll get the next one.
Printy: We're gonna take another picture, so look at the camera! This time, let's try a passionate embrace! Three, two...
Michiru: Wait, an embrace? Th-That's a little sudden...
Yuuji: Come on, lean over. I'll do the hugging.
Michiru: Huh? S-Sure...
Printy: ...one.
Narrator: Meanwhile! Sakaki Yumiko...
Woman: So you see, it's absolutely crucial to live every day of your life with gratitude in your heart.
Yumiko: E-Er...
Woman: Is there no gratitude within you, my dear?
Yumiko: N-No. That's definitely not the case.
Woman: Then you will pray with me, I'm sure?
Yumiko: ...To what?
Woman: To cosmic truth itself.
Yumiko: ...Uhm, that seems a little...
Woman: Do you mean to say that you're going through life without the slightest bit of gratitude in your heart!?
Yumiko: No, that isn't what I'm saying at all!
Woman: Well then, let us pray together. Go on, pray to the cosmos. They will come to us from the dark side of the moon!
Yumiko: R-Right...
Narrator: ...was being pressured into praying to the moon by a strange woman who'd stopped by the dorm!
Michiru: Pheeew. Guess we managed to get through that somehow.
Yuuji: I wasn't expecting it to take that many photos...
Michiru: Yeah. You take a whole bunch, then choose the best ones. All right then, I think it's finally time for our scribbling session!
Yuuji: Oh, is this what you were talking about earlier?
Michiru: Exactly. Anyway, you heard the thing! Let's head over to the Princess Scribble Corner!
Narration: *Michiru and I pass through a curtain at the rear of the booth, emerging into a small space with another monitor and a bench. Apparently this is where we do our "scribbling."*
Narration: *There's a stylus connected to the booth nearby. We'll presumably be using that to draw directly on the screen.*
Narration: *As soon Michiru and I squeeze onto the narrow bench together, a countdown appears on the screen in front of us. Seems like they limit the "scribbling time" to keep people moving through efficiently.*
Printy: Jazz up those photos before your time runs out!
Michiru: All right then. Go ahead and scribble whatever you want, Yuuji!
Yuuji: I don't really know where to begin. For one thing, there's way too many brushes and stamps to choose from.
Michiru: Uhm, this poofy pen here is pretty good. Just write anything you like.
Narration: *On the screen, there's an image of Michiru and me standing side by side and smiling into the camera. I'm a little relieved to see that our eyes aren't absurdly large in this one, but... hmm...*
Yuuji: Anything I like, eh...?
Narration: *Selecting the "poofy pen" Michiru suggested, I write a few words on the screen in large block letters.*
Michiru: Okay, hold it!!
Yuuji: What's the matter?
Michiru: First of all, you're writing way too big! And second, why "National Defense"!?
Yuuji: What do you mean? We do have the right to defend ourselves, you know.
Michiru: That's not what I meant. Why would you write that?
Yuuji: Well, you said to write anything I like.
Michiru: Ugh, that's true. I did say that. But seriously, couldn't you have picked literally anything else? I mean, we're on a date here, remember!?
Yuuji: Hrm. I suppose it is trickier than I thought.
Michiru: Why don't I show you an example, then? Undo.
Yuuji: Should have just done that in the first place...
Michiru: So basically, we're going for... something like this.
Michiru: See, look at that! Isn't it cute!?
Yuuji: First SticPic? What's that supposed to mean?
Michiru: It's commemorating the first time we took a sticker picture together! What do you think?
Yuuji: I see. So this is the sort of thing we're supposed to write...?
Michiru: Okay, I think you can figure out what to write after that. I mean, anything's fine, but... here's a hint. I'm thinking of something with a number in it, okay?
Yuuji: A number? Ah! I know!
Michiru: Uh... what the heck is this supposed to mean?
Yuuji: I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country. Truly noble words! And there's a number in there!
Michiru: Totally wrong! Are you serious? Argh, I'm going to basically give you the answer. I was thinking of a date!
Yuuji: A date!? Of course, a date! August 15th. We can't forget the day of our nation's surrender!
Michiru: That's not it either! I just wrote "First SticPic," so normally you'd add today's date, right!?
Yuuji: Oh, I see. Hadn't thought of that... I mean, you said anything was fine.
Michiru: Well, if that's really what you want to write, it's fine. There's nothing wrong with it or anything. You can do what you want.
Yuuji: Can I? All right then. How about this?
Michiru: Huh!? Wait, "Steadfast Guardian"...? Does this mean, uhm...
Michiru: "I'll keep you safe forever, no matter what!"
Michiru: ...or something romantic like that? Sorta like a proposal, almost? Squirmy squirm.
Yuuji: No, I meant it in terms of national defense.
Michiru: Again with the national defense!? For crying out loud! We're on a date right now, okay!? Normally, you'd write something about what we did today, right? Like this.
Yuuji: The way you're writing that, it sounds like we went to a yakiniku place or something.
Michiru: Huh? Gah, okay. Let's try this.
Yuuji: It's looking more and more like an ad for barbecue...
Michiru: Why!? I'm just describing what we did!
Yuuji: All right then, how about this?
Michiru: Oh... is this about the snowball fight?
Yuuji: Right. Appropriately romantic, isn't it?
Michiru: Uh, not really... Oh, can you write something wintery too? Y'know, since it's a winter date and all! 
Michiru: .........
Yuuji: There you go, Michiru. Can't get more "winter" than that. 
Yuuji: Hold on. Why did you write "block"?
Michiru: I don't even knoooow! You keep writing these mean things, so I almost wrote "blockhead," but that felt sort of bad, so I kinda stopped halfway and just left "block"...
Printy: Ten seconds to go!
Michiru: Whaaat!? This is the only one we've even scribbled on! O-Oh no. Hurry up and write something on the other ones, Yuuji! Anything's fine!
Yuuji: National Defense!
Michiru: Seriously, why do you always go back to that!? Auugh! This stinks!
Printy: All done! Step outside the booth and wait for your stickers to print!
Michiru: ...I-It's over.
Yuuji: That was relatively entertaining, I guess.
Narrator: Meanwhile! Sakaki Yumiko...
Woman: Nmmmmm... Nmmmm...
Man: Oh, I completely understand. I was pretty skeptical myself at first.
Yumiko: R-Right...
Man: But you know, faith can be a very powerful thing. Once I finally decided to devote my life to the teachings of Shashi Devi, the pain in my knees vanished just like that!
Woman: Nmmmm...
Yumiko: ......
Man: Oh, please don't move. At the moment, she's transmitting cosmic energy to you in the form of electromagnetic waves.
Man: So anyway, where was I? Oh, that's right. Today, we've actually got a small supply of water specially infused with cosmic energy. 
Yumiko: No thank you, I'm not...
Man: Aah! Don't move! Don't speak! Are your knees starting to feel a little lighter? Almost fluffy? Like they're made of air?
Yumiko: ...Sure.
Man: Aha! I knew it. Your cosmic wavelengths are in perfect alignment with ours!
Yumiko: .........
Narrator: ...was taking part in a strange woman's mystic ritual, as an equally strange man who'd showed up later explained things at great length!
Michiru: Hey, uhm... I think I wanna try that over again, okay?
Yuuji: What's wrong with the pictures we got? They look pretty decent to me.
Michiru: This doesn't even feel like a date! Everything you wrote is about national defense. They're not romantic at all!
Yuuji: Didn't realize taking a few photographs could be so complicated.
Michiru: Look, I want something more romantic, okay? I want it to look like an actual date...
Narration: *Michiru clutches our sheet of stickers in her hand, her eyes growing steadily redder; it's clear she's genuinely upset. A little reluctantly, I head back over to the photo booth.*
Yuuji: Fine, fine. I'll make sure to write something more appropriate this time. Just remember that national defense is important too.
Michiru: I understand that, but it's not romantic at all... I just want a little romance... uuu...
Narration: *In between sniffles, Michiru wipes her nose with the sleeve of her coat. She's biting her lip and looking at me reproachfully.*
Narration: *Feeling a little guilty despite myself, I wrap an arm around her slender shoulders.*
Michiru: Wah. Wh-What is it?
Yuuji: Come on, stop crying. I'll give you a kiss.
Michiru: Huh? Ah... nn.
Narration: *In the privacy of the photo booth, I lean down and kiss Michiru deeply. She wraps herself around me like pasta around a fork.*
Michiru: Pwah... geez, that came out of nowhere.
Yuuji: You said you wanted romance, so I tried my best to provide.
Michiru: It sure took you long enough.
Yuuji: Well, I wanted to let you do this your way. But that wasn't working out too well, so I'm trying to meet you halfway.
Michiru: Th-Thanks...
Yuuji: Anyway, let's take another set of photos.
Narration: *As I bend down to put more money into the machine, Michiru reaches out slowly and stops me.*
Michiru: Uhm. Do that... one more time.
Yuuji: The kiss, you mean? Sure.
Narration: *This time, I kiss her even more deeply than before. Something about the way her lips cling to mine is surprisingly stimulating.*
Michiru: Ah... nn. *Smack*... Nn, nmm... *Smack*...
Narration: *Her eyes a bit unfocused, Michiru leans her body's weight against me. There's a bit of spittle on her face, so I lick it off for her.*
Michiru: Yuuji... uhm... I kinda... wanna do it.
Yuuji: The photos? Yeah, I know. I'll put in the money.
Michiru: No, not that... I wanna do... you know what...
Narration: *Her breath feels unusually hot against my neck.*
Yuuji: What, you're aroused?
Michiru: D-Do you have to put it so bluntly...? You're not... in the mood at all, Yuuji?
Narration: *My animal instincts are stirring inside me as well. It's only natural, given the way Michiru's been pressing her body against mine.*
Yuuji: I wouldn't say that, but... this place isn't exactly private.
Michiru: Yeah, I guess you're right. Sorry for making things weird.
Yuuji: That's not what I meant. Do you think you can keep absolutely quiet?
Michiru: Hweh?

Girl A: Uhm, are you done taking photos yet? Can we use the machine?
Yuuji: I'm sorry. We just finished.
Narration: *I step out of the photo booth, leading a dazed Michiru by the hand. Three high school girls are waiting impatiently outside, but once they spot me, they turn to look at each other.*
Girl A: Nah, that's okay...
Girl B: Hey, that guy's kinda my type, y'know?
Girl A: He's got a girlfriend, though...
Girl B: Hey, it's all good! I don't mind.
Girl A: Maybe you should...
Yuuji: C'mon. Aren't we going to do the scribbling thing?
Michiru: Fweh? U-Uh, yeah...
Narration: *When we head over to the "scribble" space, we find various indecent images of us displayed on the monitors within.*
Michiru: Wha...! T-This is NOT good!!
Yuuji: Well then, shall we get scribbling?
Michiru: Are you crazy? No way! End, end, end!
Narration: *Grabbing the stylus next to the machine, Michiru jabs frantically at the "Stop Scribbling" button.*
Michiru: Ugggh... we can't let anyone see these stickers, okay!? In fact, I'm going to take them all for safekeeping!
Yuuji: Hoh... I see. What about "trading them with your friends," though?
Michiru: Are you serious!? Not a chance! I'm gonna burn these things, pronto!
Yuuji: Seems like a waste.
Michiru: Ugh... I can burn the stickers, but won't the data still be stored inside the machine? If anybody sees these, I'm gonna die of embarrassment...
Yuuji: Don't worry about it. The only people who could possibly see them would be the technicians who service the machines.
Michiru: Uhm, that's not especially reassuring...
Yuuji: It's not like your body's anything to be ashamed of.
Michiru: Well, I don't want anyone but you to see it!
Printy: Your prints are ready! Go pick them up in front!
Michiru: Waaaaaagh! Oh crap! We've got to go grab those right away!!
Yuuji: Good grief. Calm yourself, woman...
Michiru: ...Oh man, it's even more embarrassing seeing these printed out... uuugh. Please, you've gotta do something!
Yuuji: Hrm. Well, all right then. Let's try this... Excuse me! Miss!
Narration: *Calling out to a brunette employee who's walking around the store, I point to the sticker machine.*
Employee: Yes? Can I help you with something?
Yuuji: Sorry to bother you. We put a coin in this thing, but it looks like it got stuck. Could you help us out?
Employee: I'm terribly sorry for the inconvenience. Let me take a look at that right away.
Narration: *Bowing her head apologetically, the woman retrieves a service key from the chain at her belt. However, before she can open the machine's service door, I reach out and grasp her hand.*
Narration: *As the woman blinks up at me in surprise, I check the nameplate on her uniform. Her name's apparently "Nakatani."*
Yuuji: Nakatani, my friend... there's a matter I'd like to discuss with you, if you don't mind.
Nakatani: Huh? Wh-What would that be...?
Yuuji: A few minutes ago, we happened to take a few photographs that we don't want hanging around on this machine's hard drive. Could you delete the data for us?
Nakatani: W-Well, I don't...
Yuuji: You look somewhat reluctant, Nakatani. Don't worry, I complete understand why you'd hesitate.
Yuuji: You're just a part-timer, correct? A student who's taking shifts on her days off... how very admirable. Out of respect for your industriousness, I'll give you two choices. Listen carefully, all right?
Nakatani: U-Uh, okay...
Narration: *Staring deeply into Nakatani's perplexed eyes, I continue in a calm tone of voice.*
Yuuji: Either you delete that data, or I delete you. Which sounds like the more attractive option?
Nakatani: P-Pardon me, sir!?
Yuuji: Life's short, you know? Let's not waste time going round in circles. I'm going to count down from three. Three... two...
Nakatani: Eeeek! I-I'll delete them! I'll delete them for you, sir!
Yuuji: How very understanding! You have my sincere gratitude, Nakatani.
Narration: *Trembling like a newborn fawn, Nakatani opens the service door and begins to operate the PC located within the body of the machine.*
Nakatani: Uhm, sir... I've tried several times, but it seems like the data itself can't be deleted.
Nakatani: It's not a normal maintenance function, and I don't have the permissions needed to access them manually. We'd have to contact the manufacturer...
Yuuji: That's all right, Nakatani. I'll enter the authorization code for you.
Narration: *Pulling out the small rubber-button keyboard from inside the machine, I type in a certain numeric code from memory.*
Narration: *As for why I happen to know it... well, let's just say I learned a few things from a rather mischievious friend of mine.*
Yuuji: There we go. Can you do it now?
Nakatani: Yes, I've just deleted them. It'll take a little while for the system to reboot.
Yuuji: I like your style, Nakatani. I think I just might become a regular here.
Nakatani: Thank you very much...
Narration: *Turning my back on my sweaty new acquaintance, I stride out of the store with Michiru in tow.*
Yuuji: Good thing our friend Nakatani was such a cooperative sort.
Michiru: Uh, didn't you just threaten her? Are we really okay? Did she delete them?
Yuuji: Yeah, you can rest assured. "Friends" certainly are nice to have, aren't they?
Michiru: S-Sure... *Sigh*...
Narrator: Meanwhile! Sakaki Yumiko...
Yumiko: E-Er... uh...
Fee Collector: Like I said, the license fee applies to everyone with a TV set. It doesn't matter if you watch it or not.
Fee Collector: I'd really recommend setting up a direct debit. That way, ya won't forget to pay next time. Sounds good, right?
Shashi Devi: Hnnngh, hnnnngh...
Shashi Ashuvaha: Oh, here it comes! The cosmic energy is on its way! Our true parents watch over us from the moon. Even now, they travel to Earth to investigate our powers!
Shashi Devi: Aah, it comes! From the moon... it comes!!
Shashi Ashuvaha: Go on, offer them your prayers. They will grant you salvation! They will heal your illnesses!
Yumiko: Uhm, can I just...
Fee Collector: You people keep talkin' about the damn moon or something. I just want to know if you pay your license fee, all right?
Shashi Ashuvaha: Pray to the moon, my good man! It is the holy home of our brothers!
Fee Collector: Oh yeah? They got a TV at their place? Are they payin' the fee?
Shashi Ashuvaha: Huh? Uhm, I can't say that I know.
Fee Collector: What, you've never been to your brothers' house? Don't they watch TV on their cell phones?
Shashi Devi: Aaah, aaah, it comes! I'm receiving the signaaaal!
Fee Collector: See? Lady says you're getting a signal. When was the last time you paid up?
Yumiko: Uhm... well...
Narrator: ...was unable to inform her multiple visitors of her urgent need to visit the restroom!

Date: *September 17, 2011, 17:13 - Mishima Cape - Central Shopping District*
Yuuji: So, did you have fun?
Michiru: Well, yeah... but that was really embarrassing. And it was kinda different from what I was imagining. I wanted something a little more lovey-dovey and wintery-bintery.
Yuuji: You're still stuck on that, are you? All right then. Wait here for a minute.
Michiru: Hweh? What? Why?
Michiru: Wait, don't leave! I'm gonna be lonely by myself!
Yuuji: It's just for a minute. Be patient and stand by quietly. If you get bored, practice your arm-rotation forward-leaning stretch.
Michiru: Arm rotation...? C'mon, I can't even tell what kind of exercise that's supposed to beee...
Narration: *A moment ago, I spotted something modestly appealing in the show window of a nearby shop. Compared to the bustling stores all around it, the place I've got my eye on doesn't exactly appear to be thriving.*
Narration: *The front door's heavy enough that it feels like a discouragement to enter. When I push it open, I find an interior that resembles the inside of a log cabin.*
Clerk: Come on in.
Narration: *The cramped shelves are overflowing with a wide variety of things, mostly old-fashioned and worn by time. The sheer amount of dust on top of it all almost makes me think it's a deliberate part of the decor.*
Narration: *At a glance, I spot puzzles made from blocks of wood, rusted tin dolls, and picture books that look like the life's work of some elderly Russian artist.*
Narration: *There isn't a single thing in here that you'd find at any modern retail store. I'd been intending to just buy the item I spotted in the window, but out of pure curiosity, I strike up a conversation with the clerk.*
Yuuji: I really like what you've got here.
Clerk: ...Huh?
Narration: *The clerk seated behind the shop's wooden counter looks up from her magazine with a dubious expression.*
Narration: *She doesn't seem to be wearing cosmetics; a pair of glasses with overly thick silver rims dangle from a chain around her neck. Looks like the kind of woman who wears beaten-up old shoes everywhere.*
Narration: *She'd be something of a beauty in the right clothes, but I get the idea she doesn't really care. At the moment, she's just wearing a faded work shirt and an ugly pair of jeans.*
Clerk: Well, thanks. But a kid like you would probably be better off in the place across the street. They've got all the shiny new stuff and hit products you could ask for.
Clerk: Our place is more like an attic storage room. Or a dump, honestly.
Yuuji: Seems pretty nice, as dumps go.
Clerk: My gramps is the one who chooses this stuff. I don't really get the appeal. If it was up to me, I'd let you take anything you want... but the thing is, some of this junk's actually stupid expensive.
Narration: *Reaching into her pocket, the clerk takes out a crumpled pack of cigarettes. After reassuring me that she's not going to light up while I'm in here, she retrieves one and sticks it between her lips.*
Clerk: See the telescope? Yep, that one. Looks no different from any other tube to me, but the price tag says 300,000 yen. How weird is that?
Clerk: But the really bizarre part is... sometimes people walk in and buy stuff like that without batting an eye. We don't get many customers, so it's the only thing that keeps this place running.
Yuuji: Is everything in this shop an antique?
Clerk: Nah, there's plenty of random folk art too. Some of it's less than a hundred yen. Anyway, what can I do for you today?
Yuuji: I'd like to buy that.
Clerk: Oh, that? Dang...
Narration: *When I point out the object I spotted from outside, the clerk reacts with a frown.*
Clerk: We don't actually have a price on that one yet. The old man said he'd decide later and just left it there.
Yuuji: I see. That's too bad. Guess I'll try somewhere else.
Clerk: No, no. Hold on a second. It's all right... I'll just give it to you.
Yuuji: I can't let you do that. At least name a price.
Clerk: C'mon, kid, that's no way to negotiate. What if I tell you it's a million yen?
Yuuji: I'd be all right with that.
Clerk: Huh? You serious...? Nah, of course not. Surprised me there... Oh, whatever. Just take it, ya thief!
Narration: *Taking the item in question out of the show window, the clerk proceeds to wrap it up in newspaper.*
Clerk: According to Gramps, this here's a miraculous magic tool. Grants wishes and all that.
Yuuji: You don't say. What kind of wishes has it granted so far?
Clerk: Hmm, well... haven't seen any results yet, but I'm sure it's getting there. Probably working on a miracle as we speak.
Yuuji: You sure it's all right for me to take it? Wouldn't want to interrupt the process.
Clerk: Yeah, it's fine. You're giving it to some girl, aren't you? It'll be happier with her than sitting in that window forever.
Narration: *The clerk taps something on her massive treasure chest of a cash register, and a loud "ding" echoes through the quiet store.*
Clerk: Thanks for your business. See you next time.
Yuuji: I appreciate it.
Michiru: Haa, haa... It's gotta be... something like this...
Narration: *When I leave the mysterious little shop and return to Michiru, I find her earnestly attempting the exercise I instructed her to perform.*
Yuuji: Hmm. Try that one more time, will you? I'll observe.
Michiru: Huh? U-Um, I think you... rotate your arms out or to the side, then sorta bow your head down, then spread your legs and streeetch? Or something?
Yuuji: That's almost exactly it. Your animal instincts are sharp as ever.
Michiru: R-Really!? Nice, I did it! I'm so happy!
Yuuji: As a reward for your efforts, I've bought you a present.
Michiru: Huh? What, really? What kinda 'wabu?
Yuuji: It's not chikuwabu of any kind.
Michiru: Can I open it? I'm gonna open it, okay? I'm opening it, okay?
Narration: *Michiru unfolds the newspaper wrapping to reveal a snow globe.*
Michiru: Oh wow! What IS this!? It's so cute! And wintery! Super wintery!
Narration: *The sealed glass sphere is full of water; there's a snowman figure inside, and the bottom's colored white.*
Narration: *These toys aren't uncommon in Japan, although they're usually called "snowdomes" here. But judging from the way Michiru's eyes are shining with excitement, this might be the first time she's owned one.*
Michiru: Wow, look at that! When you do this, it looks like snow's falling!
Narration: *She gives the snow globe a few shakes, then holds it steady in her palm. The small white chips inside swirl through the water like flakes of snow in a blizzard.*
Michiru: Oooooh, it's beautiful! I love it! Are you really giving this to me!?
Yuuji: That's right. It's a present.
Michiru: I'm really happy! I'll take good care of it! But, uhm... wasn't this kinda expensive? Sorry...
Narration: *After thinking it over for a moment, I decide to provide a concise explanation of the circumstances.*
Yuuji: It wasn't expensive. In fact, I got it for free. Picked it up at a dump, basically.
Michiru: Gyo!? What the heck? I'm a lot less happy all of a sudden. Is this trash!?
Yuuji: No. I got it from... somebody's attic store room, I guess you could say.
Michiru: What d'you mean, somebody's attic!? Was it Kitano-kun's!? Did you take it from your friend, Kitano-kun!? 
Yuuji: Who's this Kitano supposed to be?
Michiru: I don't know! It was just an example! Kitano-kun's an example! Can you please just explain? Should I keep this, or give it back to its owner!?
Yuuji: Well, they told me "take it, ya thief."
Michiru: You stole it!? Why would you break the law? Out of love?
Michiru: I didn't really want you to go that far... Uuu, but I'm kinda happy. I'll turn myself in, too... and apologize to Kitano-kun...
Yuuji: Rest assured, I'm fairly confident no crimes were committed. Understood?
Michiru: I guess, but...
Narration: *Although Michiru remained somewhat suspicious, I provided a more thorough explanation as we head home, eventually convincing her of my innocence.*
Narration: *After that, she spends most of our walk back to Mihama holding her snow globe overhead. She never seems to grow tired of staring at it.*
Narration: *The toy shines like a jewel in the afternoon sunlight; and as Michiru gazes up at it, there's an expression of pure happiness on her face. Seeing her like this, I can't repress a smile of my own.*
Sachi: Ah, if isn't Kazami-san and Michiru-sama. Welcome home.
Michiru: Eheheh. Hey, Sachi. What do you think thiiis is?
Sachi: A dimwitted sow who will open her legs for anyone, perhaps?
Michiru: Okay. Yeah, I guess that was my bad.
Michiru: I wasn't talking about myself. I mean, "this" isn't really the word you'd use, right? Well, whatever. No big deal.
Michiru: I meant this. The thing in my hand!
Sachi: The thing in... the dimwit's hand?
Michiru: I think there's room for debate on the "dimwit" thing, so let's not specify that, okay? It's the thing I have in my hand!
Sachi: The thing... I have... in my hand? Well, I... am Komine Sachi, so... that would be a broom, I suppose?
Michiru: Uh, no, that's not it. When I said I, I meant me, okay?
Sachi: I means... me? Me...?
Michiru: ...Mmmm. I meant... the dimwit...
Sachi: Ah, you were referring to yourself.
Michiru: ...Right. I'm asking... what the dimwit has in... Aargh, darn it! Uhm, I mean this! What do you think this is!?
Sachi: Whatever.
Michiru: Huh!?
Sachi: Whatever.
Michiru: ...O-Okay.
Sachi: By the way, Michiru-sama, that's quite a lovely snowdome you have there.
Michiru: Aaaaaaaaaaah! Yeah, thanks! Gotta say I have some mixed feelings, though!
Yuuji: Calm yourself, Michiru. I'm willing to bet Makina told her to act like this.
Sachi: Very perceptive, Kazami-san. That's exactly so.
Sachi: To quote: "That punk Chiruchiru's off on a date today. She's probly gonna come home in a real good mood, so make sure ya bully her a little." I'm afraid I simply went along with it.
Sachi: In retrospect, I was perhaps a bit jealous myself. How deeply embarrassing.
Michiru: Oh, is that all? Geez, Sachi! You're such a meanie.
Sachi: Whatever. In any case, is that snowdome a present from Kazami-san?
Michiru: That's right! Yuuji found me a snowdome in this place full of garbage...
Sachi: Goodness... are you two having that much trouble getting by? I think I have a little spare change... Would you like some leftover red rice?
Michiru: Uh, that's not what I meant. This place was full of garbage, but it wasn't actually a dump...
Sachi: Ah, yes. Wouldn't do to admit that. One must hold on to one's dignity.
Michiru: That's not it either. Gah, this is hard to explain... Well, guess it doesn't matter.
Sachi: Whatever. Incidentally, Michiru-sama. Did you offer Kazami-san a present as well?
Michiru: Huh? Uhhhh... huh?
Sachi: Oh my. Nothing at all?
Yuuji: I gave her a present because I wanted to. I wasn't expecting to get anything in return.
Sachi: Ah, I see. That's quite a splendid mindset.
Michiru: ...Uuuu.
Sachi: Oh my. Is Michiru-sama evolving...?
Yuuji: Sachi, my friend. Would you mind not implying that my girlfriend is a monster of some sort?
Sachi: Hah! I do apologize. It just slipped out...
Michiru: I-I'm gonna head back to my room for a second. See you later, Sachi!
Michiru: ...Uhm, Yuuji... I had a lot of fun today. Thanks. I love you!
Sachi: Uhm... I think I may have made a rather unfortunate remark.
Yuuji: Don't worry about it. Shouldn't be a problem.
Sachi: You think so...?
Makina: Whatever!
Sachi: Ah, Maki-chan.
Yuuji: Hey, punk. I hear you've been putting ideas in Sachi's head again...
Makina: Ah heck, a little bullyin' never hurt no one. So anyhoo! What didja think?
Yuuji: About what?
Makina: The hair! Chiruchiru's shockin' trans-fer-ma-shun from turbo-blonde to raven-haired doofus! I'm eager ta hear yer thoughts.
Yuuji: I think it's a good look for her. Have to admit it did feel a little strange, though.
Sachi: Well, the change was quite an abrupt one. It was surprising for me as well... I rather suspected that Maki-chan put the idea in her head.
Makina: Darn tootin'. Winter's all about the black hair, ya know? But I guess it didn't really click with you, Onii-chan.
Yuuji: I mean, that blonde hair was a part of her identity. But then again... she doesn't have to pretend to be someone she isn't any more. There's no reason not to change it if she wants to.
Makina: I gotcha, Onii-chan... yer more of a hot pants an' roller skates kinda guy, right? Ya want a gal hootin' and hollerin' under a big blue California sky...
Makina: Yer dreamin' of a blonde slobberin' all over a nice fat corn dog! I'll go let Chiruchiru know!
Yuuji: Hold it! I didn't say anything like that! ...Honestly.
Sachi: Shall I attempt to stop her?
Yuuji: It's not a big deal. I don't think that's really necessary.
Sachi: I suppose you're right.
Yuuji: Anyway, I'm a little tired after today. Think I'll head back to my room as well.
Sachi: Of course. Until next time, then.
Yumiko: Uu... Uuu...
Yuuji: ...Something wrong?
Yumiko: I'm finally... free... Aaagh...
Yuuji: You all right? Looks like you're in some discomfort. To be more specific, you've got the expression of someone who urgently needs to urinate.
Yumiko: That's the sort of observation you should really keep to yourself!!  Ah, awawa...
Yuuji: Incidentally, what's the deal with that vase over there?
Yumiko: S-Shut up, will you? I was forced to buy it!
Yuuji: By who?
Yumiko: B-By... Shashi Ashuvaha, if you must know! I hate you, Kazami-kun!!
Yuuji: Sakaki seems to have problems of her own... although I don't really understand them.
Narration: *After returning to my room and taking a quick shower, I decide to head over to Michiru's room.*
Narration: *I found today's date enjoyable enough, but I'm not sure exactly how she felt about it.*
Narration: *Sachi's words may have caused her some distress. As her boyfriend, it probably wouldn't hurt to go offer her a little comfort.*
Yuuji: Michiru? I'm coming in.
Narration: *When I enter Michiru's room, I find her lying on her bed, apparently fast asleep.*
Narration: *Her hair's already returned to a dull golden color. Looks like she desperately washed out that spray she'd used to color it black.*
Yuuji: It's really not that big a deal, you know...
Narration: *Speaking quietly, I touch my hand to Michiru's cheek. Her skin's a little cold... not surprising, since she left the AC on full blast. Using the remote control, I turn it down from "high" to "low".*
Narration: *Michiru's still cradling the snow globe I gave her in her arms as she sleeps. Almost looks like a frightened child clutching her favorite stuffed animal.*
Narration: *Whenever I give her anything, even on a whim, the girl tends to treasure it. That's one side of her that hasn't changed. She even kept a bunch of rocks I saddled her with once... Honestly, she's innocent to a fault.*
Yuuji: Wait, 68 degrees? Is she trying to give herself a cold?
Narration: *That's Michiru for you. It's hot outside, so she cranks up the AC and sets the temperature incredibly low. The girl takes everything to extremes.*
Yuuji: Hope she doesn't keep blundering through life forever...
Michiru: I'm not sure you're one to talk.
Narration: *Moving her dry lips, Michiru suddenly offers a retort. No... this isn't quite "Michiru," is it? It's her other self.*
Yuuji: Oh, it's you? Didn't know you were awake.
Michiru: Yes. That girl's asleep, though. Good work today. Can't have been easy keeping up with her, I'm sure.
Yuuji: What do you mean?
Michiru: Once you light a fire under her, she flies around like a runaway firecracker. The kind that just goes quiet after it finally explodes.
Yuuji: I see. True enough, I suppose. Still, I'd say that's a part of her charm.
Michiru: Her awkwardness? Birds of a feather, eh?
Yuuji: Not sure I'm quite in the same category.
Michiru: All the kids in this school are awkward in their own ways, but I suppose this girl's an exceptional case.
Yuuji: You think you could handle things better?
Michiru: At least a little.
Narration: *Michiru pushes herself slowly up off the bed and brushes a few damp strands of hair out of her eyes.*
Michiru: Look. The way I see it, you're both trying too hard.
Yuuji: What are you referring to?
Michiru: The dates, of course. You're putting in a lot of effort, and she's going way overboard. It's no wonder they aren't going well.
Yuuji: I'm not doing anything out of the ordinary.
Michiru: Oh really? It seems like you're trying to be considerate, in your way.
Yuuji: ...Well, yes. Maybe you're right.
Narration: *Taking a seat on Michiru's bed, I clear my throat before continuing.*
Yuuji: I don't understand why she suddenly wanted to go on a "winter date." What was that all about?
Michiru: Yuuji-kun, you're thinking too much. The girl was wearing that coat the entire time, right? She tried it on in front of the mirror and thought it looked nice. It's as simple as that.
Michiru: She just wanted you to think she was cute. Nothing more, nothing less.
Michiru: There's no deeper meaning there.
Yuuji: Is that seriously the only reason she pretended it was winter and planned out that absurd date?
Michiru: This may be hard for you to understand, Yuuji-kun, but convincing someone you love that you're cute can be a matter of life-altering importance. Okay?
Yuuji: ...You're saying it's a girl thing?
Michiru: Yes, I suppose. It's hard for boys to comprehend. That noble breed's too busy running around with model airplanes and shooting toy guns at each other to ever really understand.
Yuuji: ...Then what am I supposed to do?
Michiru: I don't think you really need to do anything. Why not just be yourself?
Michiru: Of course, that goes for her as well. I'm sure you'd show her love even if she wasn't pushing herself like this, right?
Yuuji: Of course.
Michiru: But unfortunately, she just doesn't seem to understand that. She probably thinks she needs to earn your affection somehow.
Michiru: It might be a problem with the nature of her attachment to you. She's always anxious, always lonely. When you show her love, sometimes she doesn't even realize it. It's pitiable, in a way.
Yuuji: You know, I'm willing to give Michiru what she wants. Even if it takes a miracle.
Michiru: What do you mean?
Yuuji: It might be stupidly hot outside, but if Michiru wants a wintery date, I'd like to make it happen.
Michiru: That's what I mean by "trying too hard," okay? A normal date would be fine.
Yuuji: But isn't a man supposed to go a little overboard for the woman he loves?
Michiru: That's not what I'd call "manly." More like "reckless" or "idiotic." Not to say that it's unappealing.
Yuuji: I actually got my hands on a magic item today. Grants wishes, apparently. And I gave it to Michiru. Surely it isn't unreasonable to expect a miracle or two.
Michiru: There you go again with the silly fantasies...
Yuuji: Well, whatever.
Narration: *I rise to my feet. The other Michiru peers up at me curiously in the dim light.*
Yuuji: No reason I can't become a magician myself, when the time's right.
Michiru: What's that? A prophecy?
Yuuji: No. Just a bit of wishful thinking.
Narration: *―With that, I turn and leave the room.*
Narration: *―With that, Yuuji-kun turns and leaves the room.*
Narration: *I lie back down on my bed, hold the snow globe to my chest, and close my eyes. *
Narration: *Yuuji-kun never refers to me as anything but "you."*
Narration: *I understand that it's a form of kindness on his part.*
Narration: *I can only exist within Michiru. We share a body and a mind.*
Narration: *But although I'm part of Michiru, I'm not Michiru. I'll never be able to come out of her, and I'll never be my own person.*
Narration: *...I'm Michiru, but not Michiru. There's no other way for me to define myself.*
Narration: *What if someone started calling me by a different name? Maybe I'd no longer be satisfied with existing inside Michiru. Maybe I'd start yearning for a "self" of my own.*
Narration: *Michiru and I decided to live together. We're sharing this body. But at the end of the day, it belongs to her. I'm nothing more than a freeloader.*
Narration: *And that's why Yuuji acts like I don't have a name. It's a little rude... but he does it to keep me from developing too strong a sense of self. To keep me from being sad.*
Narration: *I can't say I'm perfectly content. But I was going to die, and I got something like a second chance inside Michiru. It's not so bad, really.*
Narration: *All that said...*
Michiru: Honestly, she's such an idiot...
Narration: *Michiru's awkwardness has me at a complete loss. The girl's obviously thinking things over seriously, but she always seems to end up sprinting in a completely wrong direction. Isn't it about time she made some progress?*
Narration: *The whole point of that date was to win some points with Yuuji, but she quickly lost sight of her objective. It was all she could do to cope with the events taking place around her. Today's debacle was the result.*
Narration: *Who in their right mind would use ice cubes for a "snowball fight"? Not that Yuuji's much better. I know he was trying to play along, but ordering her to dig a ditch wasn't exactly the most elegant solution.*
Narration: *Neither of them are approaching this in a reasonable way. It's like they've taken two different jigsaw puzzles, then mixed all the pieces together. No matter how hard they try, they aren't going to find a single solution.*
Narration: *They'll end up facing in opposite directions, fumbling with pieces that just won't fit together, struggling to come up with a coherent answer.*
Michiru: Hey, Michiru.
Narration: *Noticing that Michiru's on the verge of wakefulness, I call out softly to her.*
Narration: *After emitting a few incoherent noises that resemble the whining of a small animal, she rubs her eyes like a sleepy child.*
Michiru: Hm... what? Time to change already?
Michiru: That's not it. I just wanted to talk.
Michiru: Oh, okay... Fwaah. Did something happen?
Michiru: Nothing at all. I do have a proposal for you, though.
Michiru: A proposal...?
Narration: *Reaching out to her bedside table, Michiru picks up a compact mirror and places it in front of her face. It's a small square folding type, the sort you use for fixing makeup.*
Narration: *We've made a habit of using this to hold conversations, since we can't exactly look at each other's "faces" otherwise.*
Michiru: It's nothing weird, is it? I don't really wanna hear anything weird right now.
Michiru: What do you even mean by that? Well... I suppose it might be a little strange.
Michiru: ...I won't listen, then. I'll cover my ears.
Michiru: I can try to make the words echo inside your head, if you'd prefer.
Michiru: Aaaah! No! C'mon, don't say creepy stuff. This is weird enough as it is.
Michiru: There's no need to put it that way. Anyway, as for my proposal...
Michiru: Right...
Michiru: Next time you go on a date with Yuuji-kun, why don't you leave it up to me?
Michiru: ...Huh? Wait, what do you mean?
Michiru: You can just take a little nap while Yuuji-kun and I...
Michiru: Gaaah. Heck no. No deal! I mean, Yuuji's my boyfriend, okay? So that would be really messed up. Okay then, good night, bye bye!
Michiru: Hold on a second. Look, I was watching your date today. It was a complete disaster, you know?
Michiru: ...Y-You think so?
Michiru: Absolutely. In terms of grading, I'd give you 5 points. Out of 800.
Michiru: Whoa! Isn't that a little bit too harsh?
Michiru: No, it's perfectly fair. 5 points is actually a little generous. You deserved maybe 2.
Michiru: Is that true...? I-I did try my best, you know.
Michiru: If that's what happens when you try your best, I think you'd be better off not trying at all.
Michiru: Let's say you'd gone limp, let your mouth hang open, and walked along without saying a word. That would have earned you about 30 points.
Michiru: W-Was it that bad!? Geez! What am I supposed to do, then?
Michiru: Like I said, leave it to me. Okay, how about this? I won't actually go on the date for you.
Michiru: But while it's going on, I'll give you advice, and you'll follow it to the letter. The results should be very pleasant.
Michiru: Advice? Uhhh... hmm. Weeeell... you really think it's gonna go that well?
Michiru: Yep. It will. Absolutely.
Michiru: ...It can't just be me having fun, okay? There's no point unless Yuuji enjoys himself too.
Michiru: Oh, have a little faith. Don't you trust me?
Michiru: That's not what I meant... Well, fine. I'll leave it to you.
Michiru: Exactly what I wanted to hear. Let's head over right now and arrange a date.
Michiru: O-Okay!
Yuuji: Come in.
Michiru: Uhhhm... good evening.
Yuuji: Oh? You're awake already?
Michiru: Yeah. I was tired, so I did take a little nap, but I'm up now.
Yuuji: So anyway, did you want something?
Michiru: I want to go on another date.
Yuuji: Are you still half asleep? We just went on one today. 
Michiru: Well, yeah. But there's no reason we can't go on another one right away. And it's definitely gonna be a success this time!
Yuuji: You make it sound like today's date was a failure. I don't think it was all that bad.
Michiru: Maybe it was okay in your book, but I've got different standards, okay? I want something a little more, y'know, spellbinding. Or heart-melting. And tomorrow, I'm definitely gonna make it happen!
Yuuji: ...You're not up to something, are you?
Michiru: Wh-Whatever do you mean?
Yuuji: I don't know. Are you having someone else help, maybe?
Michiru: I-I wouldn't do that. I'm gonna make this work all by myself!
Yuuji: That a fact? Well, all right. I don't mind either way.
Michiru: Okaaaay! I'll see you tomorrow for the date, then! As for the time...
Yuuji: Do me a favor and don't start waiting first thing in the morning. Once we decide on a time, I want you to abide by it.
Michiru: W-Well, I get so worried about showing up late that it's hard to rest the night before... and when morning comes, I have to get up or I might oversleep. Heading over early always seems like the best idea.
Yuuji: "Early" for you is absurdly early for everyone else. You need to work on doing things in moderation.
Michiru: Okay... I got it. I won't start waiting hours beforehand from now on.
Yuuji: Can you make that a promise?
Michiru: Sure.
Yuuji: Willing to pinky-swear on it?
Michiru: I'm not a kid! I'll keep my promise either way!
Yuuji: Very well. In that case, we'll convene in front of the school gate at fourteen hundred hours. I'm going to trust you on this one.
Michiru: Yeah! I'm looking forward to the date too! All right. See you tomorrow, Yuuji!
Yuuji: Hold on a moment. On an unrelated topic...
Michiru: Huh? What's up? Something the matter?
Yuuji: Tell me, Michiru... could I interest you in a vase?
Michiru: Wait, a vase? Why a vase?
Yuuji: Not just any vase, mind you; it has a rich history. I received it from Sakaki, who purchased it under duress. It's apparently capable of communicating with the moon, but she had no need for it, so I took it off her hands.
Michiru: W-With the moon? Seriously? *Gulp*
Yuuji: I highly doubt it. It's just a vase, I'm afraid. And not a particularly valuable one.
Michiru: Hmmm. Anyway, I think I'll pass. I'd feel bad about getting another present without giving anything in return.
Yuuji: I'm not sure this would really qualify as a present...
Michiru: Also, when I get in close it's actually a teensy bit creepy-looking.
Yuuji: That's your real reason, isn't it?
Michiru: Well then, see you tomorrow!
Yuuji: Understood. I'll see you then.
Michiru: Mm, yep. Bye!
Narration: *Michiru seems on the verge of adding something else, but ultimately leaves my room without saying it.*
Narration: *But a moment later, she comes right back in and delivers a brief message.*
Michiru: Uhm... I love you!
Narration: *Just like that, Michiru's gone once again. She probably felt a little embarrassed to repeat the same words as always, but couldn't suppress the urge to say them.*
Yuuji: She really is like a kid sometimes...
Narration: *I find myself thinking about the girl's future. Will she always be this way? Or will she calm down as time passes, and learn a bit more common sense?*
Narration: *Right now, love is the first thing on her mind. She's giddy with affection and desperate to make things work.*
Narration: *But what if something comes between us? Could our feelings fade, and eventually disappear?*
Yuuji: A romance won't keep itself going forever. Eventually, you lose that all-important spark.
Yuuji: Love has to be nurtured if it's going to last. If you want to be with someone forever, you need to put effort into the relationship...
Yuuji: ...Great, now I'm talking in cliches.
Yuuji: Who's there?
Sachi: Uhm...
Yuuji: Sachi? Come in.
Sachi: ...I apologize for stopping by so suddenly.
Yuuji: What's wrong? Are you still feeling bad about what happened earlier?
Sachi: No, that isn't it. I happened to be passing by your room just now when, uhm, I heard...
Yuuji: You heard...?
Sachi: ...the word "shark" being spoken within...
Sachi: I-In fact, uhm, I noticed some truly lovely words to the effect of "that all-important shark," that you seemed to be muttering to yourself, Kazami-san, if I'm not mistaken.
Sachi: Accordingly, I found myself unable to merely stand by, and barged reflexively into your room...
Sachi: ...Take me now, please.
Yuuji: Hold it. I said "spark." Like the spark in a relationship. Understand?
Sachi: Are you quite sure about that? Perhaps the word "shark" simply slipped from your lips without your knowledge...
Yuuji: No, seriously. I didn't say anything about sharks. I know you're a fan, but you really need to control yourself.
Sachi: *Sigh* Is that so? I do apologize. It's so hard for me to keep my cool when sharks are involved. Please do pardon any strange remarks that might have slipped out of my mouth.
Yuuji: Hrm, very well. Head back to your room, have a cup of tea, and try to calm yourself.
Sachi: Of course. My apologies. Do excuse me.
Narration: *I don't make a habit of criticizing other people's passions, but... that girl's lust for sharks is seriously beyond the pale.*
Yuuji: ...
Yuuji: Hope I wasn't too sharp with her.
Sachi: Kazami-san, did you just...
Yuuji: Sorry. Did that one on purpose.
Sachi: On purpose? I see. So this was all just a part of your cunning plan.
Yuuji: ...
Yuuji: Incidentally, Sachi. Could I interest you in a vase?

Date: *September 17, 2011, 23:30 - School Dormitory - Michiru's Room*
Michiru: I can't sleeeep...
Michiru: Oh, come on. There's no point getting all worked up the night beforehand. Just get some sleep, will you? It'll be tomorrow in another 30 minutes.
Michiru: I know, but I keep thinking about the date. I can't screw up this time, you know? Uuugh...
Michiru: What makes you think that...? A little failure isn't the end of the world.
Michiru: You can't expect to go through life without making any mistakes. Wouldn't it be stranger if everything always turned out perfectly?
Michiru: Zzz... Zzzz...
Michiru: Wait, she's asleep!?
Michiru: Honestly, what a handful... Hopefully she stays that way until morning. Good night, Michiru...
Michiru: Ghah! Crap, I almost fell asleep there. Gotta make sure to set my alarm.
Michiru: Look, it's fine. You can just sleep, okay?
Michiru: No... No, I can't sleep... That reminds me. People count sheep when they can't fall asleep, right?
Michiru: Yes, they do. I've heard a number of explanations for that. "Sheep" is similar to the word "sleep" in English, and it sounds a bit like someone breathing in their sleep...
Michiru: Wait, that's not why I brought it up. Try imagining it, okay? Picture a big green pasture inside your head.
Michiru: Mm-hmm.
Michiru: There's a fence right at the middle. Made of wood. Completely normal.
Michiru: Sure. Right. Gotcha.
Michiru: So a sheep comes over from the right, hops over it, and lands on the left side.
Michiru: And then you say "one sheep," right?
Michiru: Okay, here comes another. Shows up from the right, goes over the fence to the left.
Michiru: "Two sheep," right? Sure.
Michiru: So they keep coming, one after another, and the space on the left starts to fill up with sheep...
Michiru: Huh? Wh-What are you talking about?
Michiru: See, look at that. It was completely packed after 20, but they just keep jumping over to the left side... gaah! When you get to 40, it's a sea of sheep... and once you hit 100, it's a wooly hell!
Michiru: Stop letting them pool up! Once they're on the left, make them flow away!
Michiru: But even as we speak, the great white fleecy mass on the left side wriggles and wriiiithes...
Michiru: Why do you keep crowding them in? If you had them disappear once they got over the fence, this tragedy never would have occurred.
Michiru: C'mon, you want me to erase them right after they jump? That's kind of cruel.
Michiru: Maybe so, but you understand what I'm saying, right?
Michiru: But even as we speak, the flock's grown to over 200, and its suffering is beyond words. The sheep near the bottom are on death's door... Auuuuugh...
Michiru: So I start thinking about stuff like that, and I don't have any time to spare for sleeping. But anyway, here's what I'm really getting at...
Michiru: R-Right.
Michiru: "Two sheeps" would sound way better than "two sheep," right?
Michiru: Pardon?
Michiru: Once I start thinking about all that, I seriously don't have any time to sleep! Waaah!
Michiru: I-I see. Errr, for the time being, why don't you just close your eyes and lie still? Your body still gets some rest that way, even if you're not actually asleep.
Michiru: I don't have to sleep? I can just close my eyes and think about the sheep?
Michiru: Sure, not a problem. Think about them to your heart's content.
Michiru: Really? Okay then, I'll give that a try... G'night.
Michiru: Good night.
Narration: *With this, Michiru finally turns out the lights. Good grief. I honestly can't understand what the girl's thinking.*
Michiru: What a handful. But anyway...
Narration: *Just like before, she's clutching that snow globe to her chest like a child.*
Narration: *Did you ever struggle to fall asleep on the night before a field trip? It seems every night's like that for her. Her heart throbs in anticipation of tomorrow's events, and she hasn't gotten over everything that happened today.*
Narration: *It would be easy to laugh at her childishness. But perhaps she's fortunate to face each new day with such sincere excitement.*
Narration: *Back when I was still myself, I always looked forward to my birthday. I thought about how old I was today, and how old I'd be next year. I looked back on my life so far, and imagined the future stretching out in front of me.*
Narration: *But it was different for my dad. When we gave him his birthday presents, his face would get a little sad, and I'd hear him mumbling to himself.*
Narration: *"Wonder how many more years I'll be around."*
Narration: *I was counting the years I'd lived so far. Dad was counting the years he had left.*
Narration: *How much time was left? How much money could he earn? What could he do for his children, and what could he accomplish for himself?*
Narration: *It took me a long time to understand his point of view. In fact, I don't think I really got it until the day I became part of Michiru. *
Narration: *I wonder if Dad ever felt this excited about his life. When did that flutter of anticipation in his chest begin to fade?*
Michiru: Mm... mmmm, the s-sheep... are piling up...
Michiru: ...She's still on about that?
Narration: *Michiru's managed to change. For a long time, she was terrified of the future; but now, she can't wait for tomorrow to come. All thanks to Kazami Yuuji.*
Narration: *Still, I find myself dwelling on a rather simple thought.*
Narration: *All things inevitably come to an end. In other words...*
Narration: *―Even romance can't last forever.*
Narration: *They call marriage the graveyard of love. And given the current divorce rate, it seems plenty of people end up crawling out of their coffins in search of freedom.*
Narration: *Will Yuuji-kun really be able to make this girl happy? I honestly don't know.*
Narration: *So at the very least, I want to help her enjoy the time they have together now, while everything's still going smoothly.*
Narration: *...And if it's somehow possible, I'd like to taste just a nibble of that happiness myself. But of course, I know how unreasonable that thought is.*
Michiru: The sheeeeeeep... The... sheeeep... heheh.
Michiru: ...Why's she laughing?
Michiru: *Sigh* Good night, then. Sleep tight. No reason to be afraid... there's another happy day waiting for you tomorrow.
Michiru: Yeah... I love you, Yuuji...
Narration: *Suddenly, Michiru begins murmuring affectionate words in her sleep.*
Michiru: And...
Michiru: ..., I love you too... Thanks for everything...
Narration: *I'm surprised to hear her speak my name as well. A strange jolt of nostalgia and pain runs through me, and tears spill down my cheeks.*
Narration: *But of course, I don't really have "cheeks" any more. I'm inside her now.*
Narration: *Nestled deep inside her heart where no one can see me, I let myself cry for just a little while.*
Michiru: Good night, Michiru. I love you too.
Narration: *I hadn't meant to say anything like that, but the words come out anyway.*
Narration: *More than a little embarrassed, I let myself sink into sleep as well. And the world melts away like a spotlight fading on a darkened stage.*
Narration: *...*
Narration: *......*
Narration: *.........*
Michiru: Mmm... time to get up.
Narration: *Michiru wakes up a moment before me as our alarm clock shakes at her shoulder. Stretching out sleepily inside her, I take a few deep breaths.*
Michiru: Okay, time to get ready!
Narration: *As Michiru opens the curtains to look out her window, I finally begin to turn my attention to the world outside.*
Narration: *Bright morning sunlight streams into the room, filling it with... cheerful...*
Michiru: Wait, it's dark! And gloomy!
Michiru: Oh, good morning. Dang, I slept a whole five minutes.
Michiru: What? You only slept five minutes? That's all!?
Michiru: Well, I couldn't risk oversleeping, right? That's why I set the alarm, just to be on the safe side.
Michiru: ...What time is it?
Michiru: Uhhhm, 11:50 PM?
Michiru: It's still yesterday...? We're not even in tomorrow yet.
Michiru: Don't be silly. Today's always today, right? Anyway... time to pick an outfit, methinks!
Michiru: Are you serious? Don't you think you should get a little more rest?
Michiru: C'mon, this is a date we're talking about! I-It's not easy to pick what you wanna wear, right!? It's better to have lots of time to choose. Yep, no time to waste sleeping. Zzz...
Michiru: You're exhausted, aren't you? Seriously, just get some sleep.
Michiru: Hah! Oh crap, that wa' close. Almost fell back down into sheep hell...
Michiru: I'm starting to get worried about tomorrow...
Date: *September 18, 2011, 04:00 - School Dormitory - Michiru's Room*
Michiru: ...U-Uhm...
Michiru: Not yet.
Michiru: But, well, I...
Michiru: Not yet.
Michiru: ...Okay.
Narration: *Michiru's pacing anxiously around her room, shooting frequent glances over at the clock.*
Narration: *It's currently four in the morning. Needless to say, her date (scheduled for two in the afternoon) is quite a while away. And yet...*
Michiru: But... what if I end up getting there late?
Michiru: Are you serious? No matter how slowly you walk, it's less than 10 minutes from here to the front gate.
Michiru: You never know what might happen...
Michiru: Oh, please. What could possibly hold you up that long?
Michiru: Uhm, for example... something like this...?
Sachi: Well, I certainly woke up early this morning. All thanks to the vase I received from Kazami-san, I'm sure. I only got two hours of sleep, and yet I'm not tired at all... In fact, I'm bursting with energy.
Sachi: Clearly, the moon's cosmic waves have filled me to the brim with Lunar Power.
Sachi: Right now, I think I can do anything at all... Well then, I supppose I'll begin folding a newspaper in on itself 42 times.
Michiru: Good morning, Sachi!
Sachi: Ah, Michiru-sama. Good morning to you. But I must say, you're up quite early... it's only 4 AM. Perhaps you've also partaken of the Power in question...?
Michiru: What power? Uhm, probably not...
Sachi: Ah. Well then, I do apologize.
Michiru: Okay. Welp, I've got places to be. See you later!
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama really does love Kazami-san very much. There's such happiness in her eyes.
Sachi: Speaking of happiness, I myself am feeling positively euphoric now that the power of the moon courses through my veins. Apart from a bit of jaw pain from the spasmodic teeth-gnashing, all my problems have melted away...
Sachi: People do tell me I'm prone to flights of fancy, but could such power truly be nothing more than a figment of my imagination? No, certainly not. Even now, the divine creator watches over me from the moon...
Sachi: Michiru-samaaa. Michiru-sama!
Michiru: Gah, what? Is something wrong?
Sachi: Tell me, Michiru-sama. Do you believe in the power of the moon?
Michiru: Huh? Wait, I'm a little lost...
Sachi: As I'm sure you're aware, there's a massive structure hidden on the dark side of the moon, home to an advanced civilization. In fact, it's something like a single intelligent lifeform, or a great unified consciousness...
Michiru: I'm sorry, Sachi, but I'm on my way to something important. Can we talk about this later?
Sachi: But of course. Do be careful, then!
Michiru: Yep. Thanks! See you later!
Sachi: Michiru-sama's smile is truly radiant today... Speaking of smiles, I can't seem to stop grinning thanks to the power of the moon. Tee hee hee.
Sachi: Teehee, heeheehee, heehee. Michiru-samaaa! Michiru-samaaa!
Michiru: Gah! Seriously, what? Uhm, I'm on my way to...
Sachi: You know, I was gazing at the moon, and... hee hee hee. Hah hah hah!
Michiru: ...Okay, uhm... what's the deal with that vase? 
Sachi: It's f-full of vase poooower.
Michiru: Let me see that for a second... Uhm, there's a bunch of weird mushrooms in here. And it looks like someone took a bite out of one.
Sachi: Yes, I gave them a little taste. And then... th-the electronical energy built up deep inside me, and spread throughout my body, and now I, hee hee, just can't stop laughing!
Michiru: Maybe you should go drink a glass of water or something?
Sachi: No, I'm quuuuite all right. In fact, Michiru-sama, I highly recommend that you eat a moon-power mushroom too! Hee hee hee!
Michiru: Hey, cut it out! Sachi, I seriously don't have time for this!
Sachi: Oh, come now! There's no reason to fear becoming one with the cosmos. After all... humankind was born among the stars...
Michiru: See? If Sachi happens to eat some magic mushrooms and go completely off her rocker, I might not make it to my date with Yuuji on time!
Michiru: I'm willing to bet that's not going to happen. Mainly because it's absolutely absurd.
Michiru: C'mooon! This is a big date, so I gotta plan for the worst-case scenario...
Michiru: You're seriously overthinking this. Just be patient.
Michiru: Then, uhm, can I at least go make sure it's there?
Michiru: Make sure... what's there?
Michiru: You know, the school gate. Where we're gonna meet up.
Michiru: It's still there. A gate like that won't just up and disappear overnight.
Michiru: Think about it, though! Something like this might happen...
Yumiko: ...Ah, what a splendid gate. And this post is particularly lovely.
Yumiko: Is there some way to make it mine...? Well, I'm sure I can pull it out if I try hard enough.
Michiru: Huh? Yumiko? What are you doing?
Yumiko: What does it look like? I'm attempting to pull out this gatepost. Could you please be quiet for a moment?
Michiru: Uhm, that's not really something you can just pull out, you know.
Yumiko: Oh, shut up! I want this gatepost, so I'm going to have it! Don't interfere!
Michiru: Huh...? O-Okay.
Yumiko: Uwoooooh... Uwoooooooooooh!!!
Michiru: Gaaaaaaah! She actually did it!
Yumiko: Phew. How satisfying. Time to head home.
Michiru: Wh-What do I do now? Our meeting place is all messed up now!
Yuuji: How strange. Wasn't there supposed to be a gatepost here...?
Michiru: Yuuji! This is it! That's the gate we were gonna meet in front of!
Yuuji: There's a gate, all right... but no gatepost. In other words, I'm in the wrong place!
Yuuji: Damn it, I must have gotten off-track somehow. This calls for a strategic retreat.
Michiru: Yuuji, I'm right here! Come on! Yuujiii!
Yuuji: Retreat! Retreeeeeat!
Michiru: Y-Yuujiiiii!
Michiru: You see, something along those lines―
Michiru: Is never going to happen. Not in a million years.
Michiru: What makes you so sure? Never say never!
Michiru: I'll say what I please. It's never, ever going to happen. For starters, that whole bit about pulling out the gatepost is absurd.
Michiru: You think so...?
Michiru: Of course. I mean, really. What do you think Sakaki-san is?
Michiru: A monster?
Michiru: Okay, let me guess. Did you do something very nasty to that girl? Something which made her very angry with you? And now you're judging her based solely on that?
Michiru: Good grief. Anyway, just wait in your room until it's actually time. That's our starting point for today.
Michiru: O-Okaaaay...
Narration: *Michiru proceeds to pace anxiously around her room for hours on end.*
Narration: *At one point she stops to squawk "What if the Principal suddenly moved the gate somewhere else!?", but I choose not to dignify this with a response.*
Narration: *About two hours before the date's going to begin, she squats down to wait in front of her bedroom door. All that walking must have finally worn her out.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, resting in bed right now isn't a good idea. There's a chance she'd nod off and spend the entire afternoon asleep.*
Michiru: Guuuh... can I leave my room yet?
Michiru: There's still plenty of time, isn't there?
Michiru: But I'm so nervous, m-my heart won't stop pounding... Ugh, it hurts...
Michiru: I'm not feeling any pain. Wait just a little longer. We'll head over fifteen minutes beforehand.
Michiru: A-All right...
Michiru: Uu... uuuuu...
Narration: *Doing her best to stare down the clock on her wall, Michiru waits impatiently for the time to come. And at long last...*
Michiru: It's time!!
Michiru: Guuuuh!
Narration: *...she leaps to her feet enthusiastically. A bit too enthusiastically, in fact. Judging from the way she immediately hunches over and begins to tremble, it seems she managed to hurt herself.*
Michiru: Hey, are you all right?
Michiru: I-I think I... pulled a muscle...
Michiru: Maybe we should postpone the date, then?
Michiru: That's not an option! I can just head over like this, right? So what if I'm a little stooped over? Look, it's k-kinda like I'm skiing or something. That should make the date even more w-winteriffic...
Michiru: If you say so... Oh, that reminds me. I'm sure it's going to be another hot one, so make sure you bring something to drink.
Michiru: Yeah, I'm on top of it. Just gotta fill up this thermos...
Michiru: With what?
Michiru: Minestrone!
Michiru: Why don't we make that something cold instead? It's really hot outside, you know.
Michiru: Hmm... like vichyssoise or something?
Michiru: Let's skip the soup and go for tea or a sports drink. Oolong tea would be perfect. Throw some ice in there as well, if you have any.
Michiru: But that's not winteriffic at all... You sure this is gonna work...? Lemme put some croutons in, just to be on the safe side.
Michiru: I need you to trust me here! Pick those croutons out of the tea and throw them away!
Michiru: Okaaay... Crou, crou, ton! Crou, crou, ton!
Amane: Whoopsy-daisy. Ah, morning Michiru. It's past noon, you know?
Michiru: Morning. I've been up for a while, I just couldn't leave my room until... uh, gaaah! I-Is that...!?
Narration: *As soon as she sets eyes on the object Amane's carrying, Michiru flinches back in alarm. It's a familiar, ominous piece of pottery.*
Michiru: Amane! That vase... Is that the mushroom vase!?
Amane: Mushroom...? Uh, no. It's just a normal vase Sacchan gave to me. Seemed like the right size for pickling plums, so I took it off her hands.
Michiru: Plums? Not mushrooms?
Amane: I really don't get where this mushroom thing is coming from...
Michiru: (Is this really what you want to be doing right now?)
Michiru: Oh, that's right. Sorry Amane, I'm in a hurry. I'll talk to you later!
Amane: Sure thing. I'll save some plums for you once they're ready.
Michiru: No thanks! I've sorta got a bad feeling about that, so I think I'll pass!
Amane: Well, that's a little rude. I'm pretty confident they'll come out nice and tasty.
Michiru: Ask Sachi or the mushrooms if you wanna hear the full story. See you later!
Narration: *...That incident took place entirely in Michiru's head, so I'm not quite sure what talking to Sachi would accomplish. And how exactly would you ask a mushroom anything?*
Michiru: Phew, that was close. She almost got me.
Michiru: Don't dawdle around too much or you really will be late.
Michiru: You're right! I've gotta run! Crou, crou, tooon!
Michiru: Oh geez, my heart's pounding. I need to catch my breath for a sec or I'm gonna die...
Michiru: Look, you really shouldn't joke around about that sort of thing, all right?
Michiru: I'm not joking around! My heart's beating so fast I really might die!
Narration: *Now that Michiru mentions it, I can feel my heart beating rapidly as well. We haven't even caught sight of Yuuji-kun yet. Why is she so agitated already?*
Narration: *Is my "heart" just linked to hers... or am I actually a bit agitated myself?*
Michiru: Try to calm down a little.
Michiru: But if I walk just a little further, Yuuji might be there... When I think about that, my heart starts pounding, and my legs get kinda heavy...
Michiru: I mean, what if he's already waiting for me by the gate? What's gonna go through his head when he sees me walking over? What kinda look will he have on his face? Just thinking about it makes me all dizzy...
Michiru: You really don't like to keep people waiting, do you?
Michiru: I'd rather get there first when I can. I mean, my heart would still be pounding, but... I'm used to waiting, so it's not so bad.
Michiru: For some reason, I really think Yuuji's already gonna be there today. What should I do...? I've never shown up this late before...
Michiru: It's going to be fine. First and foremost, you need to calm down.
Michiru: Y-Yesh...
Narration: *Just as Michiru anticipated, Yuuji-kun is already waiting at the rendezvous point.*
Narration: *He looks pretty much the same as always. While Michiru trembles and sweats profusely, he's wearing the expression of a man who's poked his head into the fridge to see if he can throw anything together with his leftovers.*
Narration: *Calm as ever, in other words. You might almost think he's completely disinterested in the date itself.*
Michiru: Oh geez, he's waiting for me. I mean, I'm keeping him waiting... Think he's mad?
Michiru: Of course he isn't mad. You've still got five minutes. It's not as if you're showing up late.
Michiru: Well, yeah, but that doesn't change the fact I kept him waiting! Uhm, I don't know what to do!
Michiru: You can't very well stand here staring at him forever. Come on, have a little courage...
Michiru: R-Right...
Michiru: Haa, haa... haa..
Yuuji: ...
Michiru: Please don't let him notice. Please, please...
Michiru: Phew. Whoa, thank goodness! H-He didn't notice!
Yuuji: .........
Michiru: ...Crap, I think I actually made this awkward! How do I casually get his attention!?
Michiru: Ooh, I know. I'll just imitate a sheep or something...
Michiru: Let's see. A sheep... A sheep...
Michiru: M-Mweeeeeeeh...
Yuuji: I noticed you a while ago.
Michiru: Mweeeeeeeeh!?
Yuuji: Also, that sounds more like a goat.
Michiru: Y-Yeah... right...
Yuuji: You've certainly got a gloomy look on your face. Something wrong?
Michiru: U-Uhm... er, a-are you mad? Uh, I...
Narration: *Michiru's so panicked that I half-expect her to begin foaming at the mouth. But Yuuji-kun just looks her over from head to toe, then nods slightly.*
Yuuji: Hrm. That blonde hair's not bad either, is it? And not to repeat myself, but that coat really does look good on you. Even if it is completely out of season.
Michiru: Hweh!? Wait, w-what are you...!?
Yuuji: You look cute, Michiru.
Michiru: Eeeeeeeee! Oooh, h-he got me...
Yuuji: All right then, let's get going.
Michiru: Hii, hii, y-yesh. Yes! Ehe, ehehehe, dweheheheh.
Yuuji: ...That's an odd way to laugh. Did you eat a poisonous mushroom or something?
Michiru: Nope. I managed to avoid that, just barely.
Yuuji: I see. Good to hear. Incidentally, Michiru...
Michiru: What is it?
Yuuji: I notice you showed up right on time today. Good job. Keep it up.
Narration: *With that, Yuuji-kun reaches out and gives Michiru a few pats on the head.*
Narration: *It's less "gentle caress" and more "an uncle talking about how much you've grown," but it's still enough to put an ecstatic smile on her face.*
Michiru: Hah, haeshushiii, hafuuu...
Michiru: Ah. Hold on, wait up...!
Narration: *The wind blows forcefully against Michiru's flushed cheeks. There's a decent breeze; ordinarily, that would make the heat more tolerable. But when you're wearing a coat this wooly, it doesn't make much of a difference.*
Yuuji: Are we doing another "winter date" today?
Michiru: ...Hmm, maybe? I dunno. You said the coat was cute, so I'm kinda satisfied.
Yuuji: I said that yesterday, you know.
Michiru: Did you? I was really nervous, so I don't remember.
Narration: *No matter how bizarre Michiru's actions may be, there's always a reason behind them. Sometimes she's embarrassed; sometimes she's just unbelievably nervous.*
Narration: *I doubt even she could make sense of the impulsive behavior that results. Of course, that goes for most girls her age... and I'm speaking from experience there.*
Narration: *Watching her, I do find myself rolling my eyes at the absurdity of it all. But at the same time, there's a part of me that's envious.*
Narration: *Just being around the person she loves is enough to make her mind go blank. I wouldn't be surprised if she fainted from sheer excitement.*
Narration: *This sort of thing might be a privilege specially reserved for the young.*
Narration: *It's hard to be so innocent once you've taken on the responsibilities of adulthood. There's no lies here. No strategizing. She doesn't realize how obvious her feelings are, and that simplicity's oddly charming.*
Yuuji: You seem rather calm today.
Michiru: Huh? Really? Well, maybe. I'm actually... hmm. Never mind.
Narration: *Michiru seems to have decided not to say anything about the fact that I'm giving her advice today. Probably for the best. This is their date, not mine.*
Yuuji: Take your hand out of your pocket.
Michiru: Heh? O-Okay. Are you going to give me something?
Yuuji: No. We're just going to walk hand in hand.
Michiru: ...Seriously? O-Okay!
Narration: *As Michiru tentatively offers her hand, Yuuji-kun reaches over and grabs it firmly.*
Narration: *She tugs at her bangs in an effort to hide the embarrassment in her eyes. It's a wasted effort.*
Narration: *His large hand wraps around hers. The sensation leaves her suddenly conscious of her femininity. Of course, Yuuji-kun probably can't begin to understand the effect this is having on her.*
Narration: *Michiru feels love in the briefest of words. The smallest of gestures.*
Narration: *Warmth spreads through her chest, and her breathing grows faster.*
Narration: *She doesn't want him to ask if she's feeling all right, so she tries to keep him from noticing. She tries to keep it a secret, even from God. She struggles, quietly, to slow her breathing.*
Narration: *But the sweat keeps trickling down her flushed body, and she knows there's no way to make these feelings stop.*
Yuuji: Something the matter?
Michiru: Nope, nothing.
Narration: *The two of them walk along for a while in silence, still holding hands. I can feel Michiru's body temperature rising even further.*
Narration: *The hand he's holding is burning with heat. Throbbing with love.*
Michiru: Isn't it... sweaty? Uhm, my hand, I mean.
Yuuji: Yeah, it is. Very much so.
Michiru: ...Well, that's embarrassing. Can I let go?
Yuuji: Come on, everyone sweats. And it isn't nearly as bad it was yesterday.
Michiru: Wait, really? Was I sweating that much yesterday?
Yuuji: You were like a wet sponge. Every time I applied a little pressure, water squirted out of you in all directions.
Michiru: I'm sorry...
Yuuji: No need to apologize. It was actually kind of amusing.
Michiru: I-Is that so?
Narration: *I feel Michiru reach into her pocket and squeeze her snowglobe with the hand Yuuji-kun isn't holding. She must be truly taken with that thing. I hadn't expected her to bring it on a date.*
Yuuji: Anyway, let's keep going with the winter theme today. You never know when a miracle might occur.
Michiru: Huh...? Wow, that's kind of a surprise. I don't think I've ever heard you talk about "miracles" before, Yuuji.
Yuuji: That a fact? Hmm. We might be in for some rain later...
Michiru: Whaaat? Why rain? I'd rather have snow, thank you very much.
Yuuji: Heheh, sure. That'd be nice.
Michiru: Yeah! That'd be the best!
Yuuji: ...I think I might have changed a little, being around you...
Narration: *The two of them stroll along, exchanging silly fantasies.*
Narration: *I wonder what the summer scenery around us makes of these two?*
Narration: *For some reason, I have the feeling today's date is going to be something of a success.*
Yuuji: Why don't we try getting some steamed buns again?
Michiru: Huh? Can we!? That's super wintery! Okay, let's head to the convenience store!
Employee B: C'mon in.
Michiru: Okey-dokey, time to grab us some meat...
Michiru: (Hey. Why don't you let Yuuji-kun choose today?)
Michiru: Choose? Uhm, I'm happy with anything as long as we split it... but if I ask Yuuji what looks good, he's just gonna say "Get whatever you want."
Michiru: (Don't ask him what he wants to eat or what "looks good." Ask him if there's anything he'd like to avoid.)
Michiru: Oh-ho, I see. Yeah, that just might work... Hey, Yuuji, I'm gonna go buy the buns. Is there any kind you want to avoid?
Yuuji: I'm all right with anything edible, but I suppose I'd prefer not to eat any greasy meat today.
Michiru: Ah, gotcha. All right, then let's go for something nice and light... Wait. There's no such thing as a "light" steamed bun, is there!? Wh-What do I do?
Michiru: (Calm down. It's not like you have to go with steamed buns, right?)
Michiru: But this is a special occasion... How about we split the difference and go with a burrito?
Michiru: (Split what difference?)
Michiru: How about a burrito, Yuuji? A ham and cheese burrito? That sound good?
Yuuji: Sure, that's fine with me.
Michiru: Okay. I'll buy one and we can share it!
Employee B: Thank ya.
Michiru: Okey-dokey, time to eat our burrito. Here you go, Yuuji... Uh, what's up?
Yuuji: The more I look at the burritos this place sells, the more they remind me of an unhealthy white person's skin.
Michiru: Hey! Why would you say that right now!? We're about to eat one!m
Yuuji: Am I wrong, though?
Michiru: C'mon, what are you... Hmmm... I guess it kinda does look like a really pale guy's skin...
Yuuji: All right. Why don't you take the first bite?
Narration: *Pushing the top of the burrito out of its plastic wrapper, Yuuji-kun holds it out in our direction.*
Yuuji: Come on, chow time. Open wide. Can't fit it in your mouth otherwise. 
Michiru: Uhm, can you try to treat me a little more like your girlfriend here? It's like you're feeding a pet or something.
Yuuji: Is there that much of a difference?
Michiru: Well, maybe not at night, but... 
Narration: *I think you could be a little more gentle right now.*
Yuuji: Very well, then. You want the "say aah" routine, I assume?
Michiru: Right, right. Exactly.
Yuuji: Here, say aaah.
Michiru: Eheh. Aaaah... omf. Nom nom. It'h hoh! But tahty, hoo!
Yuuji: Glad to hear it. At least the guy they skinned didn't die in vain.
Michiru: Hon't halk ahout hat hight how! Hamf hamf...
Yuuji: Think I'll have some as well.
Michiru: Hait a hec! You hahta hay aaah hoo!
Yuuji: I have no idea what you're trying to say.
Narration: *Yuuji-kun proceeds to quickly consume the rest of the burrito. Was he really unsure what Michiru was trying to say? I think it's possible he was just embarrassed.*
Yuuji: Hm, I'm a little thirsty now.
Michiru: Oh! Not to worry, I brought a thermos! Go on, drink up, drink up! Toss that dry throat out the door!
Yuuji: Not sure how I'm supposed to toss my throat anywhere. What is this, another hot drink...? Hmm. Wait, oolong tea? You even put some ice in there. Good thinking.
Michiru: Sorry, but there aren't any croutons...
Yuuji: Wouldn't want them anyway. Hmm. Overly cold drinks can slow your metabolism, but there's no point worrying about that in this heat...
Yuuji: Phew, that was good. Thanks, Michiru. Really hit the spot.
Michiru: What!? I hit the spot!? Heheheh, no kidding. Thanks!
Yuuji: What are you thanking me for?
Michiru: Oh. Uhm, for the compliment? Heheheh.
Narration: *I'm fairly sure that "thanks" was actually directed at me. There's a bright, childish smile on Michiru's face.*
Michiru: I think today's date is gonna be a success!
Yuuji: I don't know if "success" or "failure" is really what a date's about...
Michiru: Oh, wait just a sec. Hey, so, where should we go next?
Michiru: (How about the riverbank? You did say something about skipping stones, didn't you?)
Michiru: Ooh, right. Roger that. Hey Yuuji, wanna go down to the river?
Yuuji: The river? I don't mind, but―
Michiru: And so, we've made our way to the river! Tee hee, "the river"? Things got kinda vague all of a sudden! How about we sit down?
Yuuji: Hold on. We should spread something out first. My handkerchief all right?
Michiru: Aw, so sweet... Okay then, I'm gotta sit. Phew...
Yuuji: Scoot over a little.
Michiru: .........
Yuuji: ............
Michiru: (Uhm, hey. Now that we're actually here, things got kind of awkward!)
Michiru: (Just have a normal conversation about something. It doesn't matter what.)
Michiru: (Uhm, what do you mean by a normal conversation? What's "normal" supposed to mean?)
Michiru: (Any ordinary topic will do. Try buying time with something bland and harmless, like the weather.)
Michiru: (Got it!)
Michiru: ...Ahem. Hey, Yuuji. So I was reading in my room the other day, right?
Yuuji: Sure.
Michiru: I felt something warm up in the back of my nose, and it started trickling down onto my lip. So I thought "Ooh, a nosebleed."
Michiru: But when I touched it with my finger, it was just warm liquid snot. That sort of thing happens every once in a while, right?
Yuuji: ...It might. Very rarely. I guess.
Michiru: I call that a "fakeout-nosebleed snot surprise," personally. How about you, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Can't say I have a name for it.
Michiru: Oh, really? No kidding! (...What do you think? That was a pretty natural conversation, right?)
Michiru: (In what universe? Good lord, you're hopeless...)
Michiru: (Can I let Yuuji take the lead now?)
Michiru: (Absolutely not. He'll probably start talking about the corpses of soldiers floating down a river somewhere or other.)
Michiru: (I believe it... I totally believe it. Okay, so what else...? Err, the weather's all I can come up with!)
Michiru: (We're going for an ordinary topic here, so the weather's fine. Other than that... maybe you could ask about his dreams? You know, for the future. Seems like a romantic choice.)
Michiru: (Ooh, that's a good one. Thanks!) Hey, Yuuji?
Yuuji: What is it?
Michiru: Want to tell me about your dreams for the future?
Yuuji: My dreams...?
Narration: *Closing his eyes, Yuuji-kun loses himself in thought. This is a straightforward question for a normal person, but it seems a little challenging for him. Did we choose poorly?*
Narration: *Michiru's staring at him in eager anticipation. I take the opportunity to study his face carefully.*
Narration: *There's a bit of stubble coming in on his jawline. I suppose that explains why his kisses feel a little prickly sometimes.*
Narration: *I wonder what Yuuji-kun thinks about when he's kissing me... or Michiru, rather.*
Narration: *Michiru tends to close her eyes when they kiss, but he might be keeping his open.*
Narration: *Maybe I'll mention it to Michiru next time. "Try keeping your eyes open once in a while," or something. But if I do that, she might get self-conscious. Knowing her, she'd never be able to close her eyes during a kiss again.*
Yuuji: There's only one thing that really comes to mind...
Michiru: Okay. Go ahead.
Yuuji: It's an afternoon just like this one. I'm sitting on the bank of a river with you, just passing the time.
Yuuji: I'm not hungry, and I'm probably not going to get hit by a bullet out of nowhere. Long story short, I'm completely content.
Yuuji: I'm already living a dream. It wouldn't feel right to wish for anything else. The present's everything to me, and it's more than enough.
Narration: *Normally, Michiru would have averted her eyes in embarrassment by now. But today, she listens carefully to Yuuji-kun's words, never looking away from his face.*
Narration: *And when he's finished, she reaches out and takes hold of his arm with both hands.*
Michiru: You mean everything to me too, Yuuji. You're right... this is like a dream, so what more can you ask for? Thanks. I love you.
Yuuji: Yeah, I know.
Michiru: Well, I know you know.
Yuuji: I also know that you know that I know.
Michiru: I know that you know that I know that you k... Wait... err, uhm... well, whatever. I love you!
Yuuji: You just said that.
Michiru: What, I'm not allowed to repeat it?
Yuuji: Can't say that I mind.
Michiru: Okay then, I'll say it as much as I want. I love you! I love you! I really love you! I love you more than anyone else in the world! Or the universe! Or the galaxy! Or Brazil!
Yuuji: Okay, put a sock in it.
Michiru: Bweeeh! I thought you said I could repeat myself!
Yuuji: Yeah, I don't mind. But you're being annoying.
Michiru: What the heck!? Geez! I love you!
Narration: *Leaning over, Michiru gives Yuuji-kun a kiss on the cheek. A small tingle of pain runs through her lip. Maybe his whiskers poked her; maybe it's the prick of love. I honestly couldn't say.*
Narration: *It seems this choice of topic wasn't exactly a mistake after all.*
Michiru: Hmmm. What's the deal with Yuuji? He's taking an awful long time on that "quick phone call"...
Michiru: Well, he does have a life of his own, presumably.
Michiru: But we're out on a date, you know? Why would you slip off for a phone call at a time like this? It must be pretty serious business. In other words, he's cheating on me...! Aaah, my life's over...
Michiru: That's an absurd leap of logic. If you're that concerned, why don't you casually ask him what it was about?
Michiru: Casually, eh...?
Yuuji: I'm back. Sorry about that.
Michiru: That's okay. Uhm, can I ask you something real quick?
Yuuji: Yeah, I don't mind.
Michiru: It's an affair, right?
Yuuji: Hrm?
Michiru: You were on the phone with your other woman, weren't you? I know how it is. I'm ready for the worst. So, uhm, well... please, I'll try to work on my flaws! I'm soooorry!
Narration: *Does this girl not know what the word "casually" means?*
Yuuji: I'm not having an "affair." But I'm not going to tell you who I was on the phone with just yet. It's kind of important. Drop it for now, will you?
Michiru: Okaaaay... Sob...
Michiru: (Everything was going well until now, so stop ruining the mood! Let's take a break at a family restaurant or something.)
Michiru: Okaaay... Hey, Yuuji. Want to go a restaurant where families are known to gather?
Yuuji: Sounds good. The sun's really blaring today, so it wouldn't hurt to take a break. That coat must be wearing you down by now, right? Let's go.
Waitress: Welcome! Right this way!
Michiru: ...Sob.
Yuuji: Don't worry. I wasn't off having an affair.
Michiru: That's not it. My fortune says I'm gonna have "decent" luck... kinda lame, right? Oh, but also "your wish will come true."
Narration: *While Yuuji-kun was in the bathroom, Michiru put 100 yen in the small fortune-telling machine on the table. It's clear from the way her shoulders are drooping that the results proved to be less than ideal.*
Yuuji: Well, you know how it goes with fortunes. Sometimes they come true, and sometimes they don't. Let's just focus on the menu, all right?
Michiru: Oh, they're doing a curry event. "Overpower the summer heat with spiciness," huh... Do you like curry, Yuuji?
Yuuji: It's not bad when you eat it at sea.
Michiru: Like on the beach or something?
Yuuji: No. Out on the sea.
Michiru: Wait, how do you eat curry on the sea? I don't get it. Do you float along in an inner tube while you munch on your leeks? That's pretty out there!
Yuuji: I think a boat is the more common scenario.
Michiru: Ooh, gotcha. Of course. You've done all sorts of things, Yuuji.
Yuuji: ...I suppose.
Michiru: You know lots of things I don't, and you've seen way more of the world than I have... I guess I'm pretty clueless about most stuff, by comparison.
Michiru: Does that get on your nerves? Do you usually think "I can't believe she doesn't know that" or something?
Yuuji: Not at all.
Michiru: Really? You're a nice guy.
Yuuji: That's not the point. People are always going to have different perspectives, and there's nothing wrong with that. There's no possible way you and I could have seen the exact same things, or gone through the exact same experiences.
Yuuji: I might know some things you don't, but you know just as many things that I don't.
Michiru: I dunno, Yuuji. I'm not really as smart as you. I don't know anything too impressive.
Yuuji: You know things I'm clueless about. Isn't that impressive enough? For example...
Narration: *Yuuji-kun picks up his menu, flips to the dessert page, then points randomly at the photograph of the "Jumbo Choco Parfait."*
Yuuji: Is this any good?
Michiru: Huh? Ooh, I wouldn't really recommend it. They use so much cream that you feel a little sick by the end.
Yuuji: How about this one?
Michiru: I'd pass on that too. I know they brag about those "home-grown herbs" they put on it, but they really weren't all that good.
Michiru: Uhm, if you're in the mood for that, try this instead. It's a simple shortcake, but it's way tastier than the other two.
Yuuji: Hrm. See? You know plenty of things I don't.
Michiru: What? C'mon, nobody cares about this stuff.
Yuuji: I found it interesting, actually. And watching you talk about it so happily wasn't bad either.
Michiru: O-Oh... really...? Uhm, let's order two shortcakes, then. Excuse meee!
Waitress: Thanks for waiting. Here's your shortcakes.
Michiru: Oooh, that's what I'm talking about! Mr. Cake in the house! Yahoo!
Narration: *A single fat strawberry sits on top of Michiru's slice of shortcake, glistening like a jewel. Her eyes sparkle as she stares down at it.*
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji. Do you eat your favorite part of a meal first, or save it for last? I'm okay either way, but I usually go right for the strawberry with these.
Yuuji: That a fact? Don't let me stop you.
Michiru: Right! Ehehe. C'mere, you―
Narration: *Michiru thrusts her fork down to impale her strawberry, but either her angle's wrong, or her luck's simply terrible. The strawberry pops right off the cake and tumbles down to the restaurant's floor.*
Michiru: Wh... Three second rule!!!
Narration: *Before the words have even left Michiru's mouth, a family with children walks down the aisle past our booth, chattering happily away.*
Narration: *None of them even notice the small treasure lying in their path. By the time they pass, all that remains of the strawberry is a tragic, bloody stain on the floor.*
Michiru: ...Gwooooh, the fortune was truuueeeehoohoo...
Narration: *What's the poor girl supposed to take out her anger on?*
Narration: *Black clouds of misery hover in the air around the table. An utterly crestfallen Michiru gazes resentfully at the strawberry on top of Yuuji-kun's cake.*
Michiru: (I wanna eat it... I really wanna eat it. But I can't say that. Everyone looks forward to eating the strawberry on their shortcake... There's no way I can ask him for it!)
Michiru: (If you want the strawberry, just say so.)
Michiru: (Isn't that against the rules? An act of blasphemy!?)
Michiru: (Don't be ridiculous... I swear, you get hopelessly timid about the strangest things. Try to be more honest about your feelings.)
Michiru: (But... I mean, it's just...)
Narration: *As Michiru agonizes about whether to say something, a red object suddenly materializes in front of her face. Yuuji-kun appears to be offering her his strawberry.*
Yuuji: You want it, don't you? Go ahead.
Narration: *The strawberry sways on the end of Yuuji-kun's fork. Michiru stares at it, mesmerized, like a dog ordered to "stay."*
Michiru: Are you sure? Can I really eat it?
Yuuji: I don't mind. You could've just said something, you know?
Yuuji: When you're asking for the unreasonable, I'll say so. When that's not the case, I'm willing to spoil you a little. There's no need to be shy.
Michiru: O-Okay...
Yuuji: Come on. Say aah.
Michiru: Aaaah... nom.
Narration: *The sweet and sour taste of the strawberry fills Michiru's mouth. A bit of cream that came along with it sends a tingle of pleasure through her body.*
Yuuji: Was that good?
Michiru: So good!!
Narration: *Yuuji-kun smiles slightly, affection in his eyes, then proceeds to eat about half of his cake in a single bite.*
Narration: *For a while, the two of them silently eat their cakes and sip cheap black tea from the restaurant's self-service area.*
Michiru: Can I say something a little weird?
Yuuji: Feel free.
Narration: *When Michiru breaks the silence, Yuuji glances up briefly as he responds, then returns his attention to the cake in front of him.*
Michiru: I'm feeling... kinda loved today.
Yuuji: Is that anything new?
Michiru: I mean, I'm crazy about you, Yuuji. You're really cool, and I love you a lot.
Michiru: But it sort of felt like you weren't as passionate about me. I mean, you're usually kinda cold, y'know?
Yuuji: Cold? I wouldn't say that.
Michiru: It felt that way to me. Sometimes I'd get all panicked and end up doing some silly things. But now that I'm a little more calm, I'm starting to feel like you're actually pretty fond of me!
Yuuji: I love you, and that hasn't changed. I'm willing to put up with a little silliness... Hold on, that's not the right way to put it.
Yuuji: I enjoy putting up with your silliness. You're fun to be around.
Michiru: Huh...? Okay, I'm feeling really embarrassed all of a sudden... What do I do?
Yuuji: You can be embarrassed if you want to be. Don't feel you have to hide it. I like you best when you're being yourself.
Michiru: You... mean that?
Yuuji: Yes.
Michiru: I can get all flustered, then? Super turbo flustered?
Yuuji: Feel free.
Michiru: Uwooooh! Gaaaah! So embarrassing! Gwoooooh!
Yuuji: ...
Michiru: Wafoooo, haaaa, baaagugyuu!
Waitress: I'm sorry, did you call for me?
Michiru: Gah!
Waitress: Did you want waffles and a hamburger?
Yuuji: No. Just water, please. Two of them.
Waitress: Certainly!
Yuuji: I think our waitress may have misheard your expression of embarrassment as "waffle hamburger".
Michiru: Guh... I didn't say that, right? Did it sound like I did?
Yuuji: You know, I think it might have. Heheh...
Michiru: Th-That's so mean... Wait, no. I guess it isn't, really... What the heck!?
Yuuji: Heheh. Hahaha...
Michiru: Quit laughing, Yuuji! This is embarrassing!
Yuuji: Sorry. Can't control myself.
Michiru: What!? You didn't eat any mushrooms, did you!?
Yuuji: Hahahaha...
Michiru: Come on, Yuuji. You really don't have to laugh that hard!
Waitress: Thank ya very much!
Yuuji: Hahaha...
Michiru: Geez, you're still laughing. That was seriously embarrassing for me, okay? You understand?
Yuuji: Right, sure. Sorry about that.
Michiru: But still, today's been great. I got to know how you feel about me, for one thing.
Yuuji: I don't think I said anything I haven't told you before.
Michiru: Well, it sure felt different to me. I'm pretty darn content right now.
Yuuji: Oh yeah? Well, that's nice too... heheh...
Michiru: Hey! Seriously, cut it out! I'm gonna get mad!
Yuuji: Phew. All right then... where should we go next?
Michiru: Next? Uhm, let's see...
Narration: *Michiru seems to be requesting assistance. I whisper a suggestion so that only she can hear.*
Michiru: (Head for a love hotel.)
Michiru: Whaaaaat!?
Yuuji: Something wrong?
Michiru: No, it's nothing... j-just give me a second.
Michiru: Where did that come from all of a sudden!? Why a love hotel!?
Michiru: The mood's right, so why not? You're boyfriend and girlfriend. Doing it in the dorm gets boring after a while, I'm sure. And it's getting pretty late.
Michiru: Guh... you don't have to get into that sort of stuff, okay?
Michiru: Don't worry, I'm positive it'll go well. Just trust me! If you're too embarrassed to come out and say it, tell him you want to take a break. He'll figure out what you mean.
Michiru: F-Fine, I guess...
Michiru: Uhm, hey, Yuuji... I think I made up my mind, but... uhm, well... *Mumble* *Mumble*
Yuuji: Hm? What's up?
Michiru: Well, I'm feeling a little tired. How about we take a break?
Yuuji: What? We just took one at that restaurant. Are you not feeling well?
Michiru: No, no, that's not it. I'm talking about, y'know, rest... and relaxation? As in, a three hour rendezvous.
Yuuji: Ah. You want to have sex?
Michiru: Hey! I mean, yeah, but you don't have to be that blunt about it! It's not like this was my idea...
Yuuji: What are you talking about? You're the one who brought it up. All right then, let's go "take a break."
Michiru: O-Okay? Are you sure...? I mean, if you say so...
Narration: *As Michiru hesitates, Yuuji-kun squeezes her hand gently, then looks her in the eye.*
Yuuji: Is there a problem?
Michiru: ...Not really.
Yuuji: Let's go, then.
Michiru: Okay.
Narration: *I hadn't been that serious when I made the suggestion, honestly. I just wanted to add a little excitement to the date, since it had been going a little bit too "smoothly" so far.*
Narration: *In any case, the two of them make their way toward a facility that serves a very particular purpose.*
Narration: *It's the first time Michiru or I have been to a place like this, so we're both feeling a bit nervous. Before I know it, we've arrived at their destination.*
Narration: *Yuuji-kun's led Michiru to a quiet little hotel not far from the train station. Michiru and I have spent plenty of time in this area, but we didn't have any idea it was home to establishments like these.*
Michiru: How did you know where to go? Have you been in one of these hotels before?
Yuuji: Amane tried to drag me into one at some point, although we didn't get past the front door.
Michiru: Th-That little...
Narration: *Having made it as far as the hotel's entrance, Michiru slowly looks around the area in an extremely suspicious fashion.*
Yuuji: ...What's the matter? Aren't you coming in?
Michiru: It'd be super embarassing if anyone saw us... can I just look around for a little while?
Yuuji: Why don't we just get inside? Seems like a waste of time.
Michiru: Well, yeah, but I wanna wait until there aren't many people passing by... ah, now! Oh, no, wait! Dang, the timing's tough...
Yuuji: Let's just go in already.
Michiru: Hey! Wait, don't pull...
Narration: *Ignoring Michiru's protests, Yuuji takes her by the hand and pulls her toward the building.*
Narration: *The automatic door opens with a loud woosh. Behind it, there's a snug little reception area, with a decorative arrangement of artificial flowers covered in a thin layer of dust.*
Narration: *It's not too different from the lobby of a business hotel, at first glance. But on the wall, there's a number of panels with pictures of the various rooms available, marked with the prices for a "rest" and an "overnight" stay.*
Michiru: ...Ngyu.
Yuuji: What's wrong? You're awfully quiet all of a sudden.
Michiru: I've never been in a place like this before, so I don't know what to do...
Yuuji: Well, you see the panels, right? We just need to pick out whatever room we like. Do you have a preference?
Michiru: No. Not... really. Nope.
Yuuji: I'll just choose one at random, then.
Michiru: Uh, the cheapest one's fine, okay? That one's... fine.
Yuuji: Hoh. Don't see this every day...
Narration: *Reaching out for a panel showing a room with a circular bed, Yuuji-kun presses its button.*
Michiru: Whoah! Th-That startled me...
Old Lady: Okay, that'll be 4800 yen. You've got three hours.
Michiru: Gwaaah! Th-That SERIOUSLY startled me...
Narration: *Yuuji-kun pays for the room by placing his money through a semi-circular hole in the wall, and receives a key in return.*
Narration: *After walking through a narrow hallway, we reach an elevator. He presses the button for our floor.*
Michiru: This elevator's really cramped, isn't it? It's barely big enough for two.
Yuuji: True enough. But it's not like a lot of people are going to use it at once, you know? Not in a place like this.
Michiru: Oh, right... you seem really used to this, Yuuji. Have you been in a hotel like this with other girls?
Yuuji: Would you get jealous if I told you that I have?
Michiru: ...I guess I might. Maybe I won't ask after all.
Yuuji: That's the room there. Let's go.
Michiru: Yeah...
Michiru: Whoah! What the heck? This bed's all round! How cute!
Narration: *As soon as we enter the room, Michiru spots the perfectly circular bed at its center and hops happily up into the air.*
Narration: *Approaching it a bit hesitantly, she shoots a glance over at Yuuji-kun, as if asking his permission. When he nods, she leaps onto the bed like a child playing on a trampoline.*
Michiru: Oh wow! Awesooome! What is this!?
Yuuji: That's a revolving bed.
Michiru: Huh? A revolving bed? What do you mean? It turns around? Why?
Yuuji: Just for fun.
Michiru: For fun? Huh, really? What's so fun about making your bed spin around?
Yuuji: Don't ask me. It's an invention from decades ago. You'd have to ask the people who were using it back then.
Michiru: Did people used to spin their beds around for fun back then...? I don't really get it...
Yuuji: Hm. Now that I get a closer look, there are a bunch of lights on the sides of the bed.
Michiru: Wait, you're right! Does thing light up? Why does it light up!?
Yuuji: Just for fun.
Michiru: Wait, really!? But once you're in the bed, you wouldn't even be able to tell the lights are on...
Yuuji: Sometimes, the unseen details are what makes something "stylish." That's fashion for you.
Michiru: Th-this is "fashion"...? Hmm. Hey, mind if I make it spin?
Yuuji: Go right ahead. There should be a control panel at the head of the bed.
Narration: *Sure enough, there's a black panel marked "Rotation Control." It's got three buttons, marked "Clockwise," "Counter-Clockwise," and "Stop."*
Narration: *Pretty basic and boring, really. I was expecting something a bit more playful.*
Michiru: Hey... what's the difference between clockwise and counter-clockwise?
Yuuji: It'll spin in different directions.
Michiru: Right, but what's the point?
Yuuji: Changing the direction might be kind of fun.
Michiru: Reeeeally...? Okay then, let me give it a try. Counter-clockwise rotation! Here we goooo!
Narration: *Sitting herself near the edge of the bed, Michiru straightens her spine and waits patiently. And after a few moments...*
Michiru: Oh. Oooh... Oh?
Narration: *With a dull mechanical sound, the bed slowly begins to rotate.*
Michiru: Hm? Hmm? I-Is this how it's supposed to work?
Yuuji: Look at that, the lights are blinking and everything. Lucky you.
Michiru: Uh, lucky me? It's not really that fun or anything...
Yuuji: Well, it's a remnant of a past era. I suppose it's a bit out of place in our fast-paced modern world.
Narration: *If anything, the groaning of the rusty gears is kind of depressing. Reminds me of that song about carrying animals away on a wagon...*
Michiru: Hmmm, it's not really doing anything for me. I guess I'll try changing the direction, just to be sure.
Yuuji: Sure. Give it a shot.
Michiru: Here we go! Clockwiiiise!
Michiru: ...Oh? Oh? Oooh. This is a little bit more fun than before.
Yuuji: Oh? How intriguing.
Michiru: Yeah. Doing it this way's a little more exciting, for some reason.
Yuuji: I see. That reminds me of something I heard once... Apparently, spinning rides in amusment parks are set to rotate counter-clockwise when they're designed for children.
Yuuji: On the other hand, rides that are made to accomodate adults are designed to spin clockwise.
Yuuji: The direction you're spinning in supposedly affects your perception of the ride's speed. That might be the reason you only reacted to the clockwise movement.
Michiru: Wow, you don't say! Anyway, I'm bored now!
Yuuji: Not surprised.
Michiru: What's with this fridge over here? ...Hm? Hm? Hmmmmm!?
Narration: *The thing Michiru just opened is not, in fact, a refrigerator.*
Narration: *It looks more like a small coin-operated locker with a transparent door. And instead of cold drinks, there's a variety of "adult" sex toys inside.*
Narration: *Apparently, you can buy anything you're interested in by pressing a button.*
Michiru: Okay, that was... nothing... Oh, what's this!?
Narration: *Next, she spots a small box sitting at the head of the bed. Opening it, she discovers two condoms sitting inside.*
Michiru: Uh... yeah, never mind. It's nothing. Phew...
Narration: *Blushing, she lies down on the bed to take a breather... and realizes that there's a mirror installed in the ceiling.*
Michiru: Wagh! What is this!? You can see yourself in the bed! Wait, uh... oh, I get it... it's so you can watch yourself... doing stuff, huh...?
Narration: *Her face flushing an even brighter shade of red, Michiru slips under the covers and curls up in a ball.*
Narration: *Like a hunting dog chasing down a rabbit that's fled into its hole, Yuuji-kun silently comes up beside her.*
Yuuji: What's the matter? No reason to hide in there. Come on out.
Michiru: But, uh... all the stuff in here's kinda perverted, you know? I dunno where to look...
Narration: *Michiru runs her hand violently through her hair. Instead of fixing her bangs, she ends up making them even more messy than before; but it was probably more of a nervous gesture than anything else.*
Yuuji: That's sort of the point of this place, yes. We came here to have sex, didn't we?
Michiru: Uh, I mean... yeah...
Yuuji: You know, Michiru, you handled yourself well today. No odd outbursts or anything. It was almost anticlimactic.
Michiru: Oh, yeah. Right. Guess the date was a success?
Yuuji: I'd say it went well. Did you learn something from yesterday?
Michiru: Uh, nah. Y'see... hmm. Actually, I'm not really the one who planned things out today.
Yuuji: What do you mean?
Michiru: I was getting advice. Y'know, from "her." She normally goes to sleep during our dates... or stays quiet, anyway. But she offered to help me out today.
Michiru: So if today's date went well, I didn't have much to do with it. It's all thanks to her. So, uhm... ehehe, I dunno what to say...
Narration: *Michiru laughs, but there's a slightly forlorn expression on her face. Yuuji-kun gives her a small kiss and squeezes her in his arms as he replies.*
Yuuji: You worked together to make it a success, then.
Michiru: Mm. I managed to keep myself from doing anything weird thanks to her, so that's good. But doesn't that mean I might as well not be here?
Yuuji: Don't be ridiculous. You're my girlfriend, right? Try not to forget it. If she helped out, all you have to do is say "thank you."
Michiru: Y-You think so?
Yuuji: Of course. Listen carefully, all right?
Narration: *Yuuji-kun stares right into Michiru's eyes as he continues. His expression's gotten a bit serious.*
Yuuji: You seem to be upset that you couldn't handle this all on your own, but that's the wrong way to look at it.
Yuuji: There's another "you" inside your body. That's not a handicap. It's something special and unique about you.
Yuuji: You should absolutely take advantage of it. Why wouldn't you? Work with her. Cooperate when you can.
Yuuji: You and her are two parts of a single whole. It's only natural to rely on each other.
Yuuji: Understand? There's no reason to feel inferior or put yourself down. I love every part of what you are.
Yuuji: So try not to look so troubled. You're cuter when you smile.
Michiru: Yuuji...
Yuuji: Well, not that you're unattractive either way... Still, you should try to smile for now. We're on a date.
Michiru: R-Right. Eheheh... thanks.
Narration: *Yuuji-kun's words make both Michiru and me happy. We thought of ourselves as somehow warped and unnatural, but he accepts us as a whole. It's an immense relief to know that.*
Narration: *Michiru's lucky to have him for a boyfriend. I'm happy for her... but also a little envious.*
Narration: *I know she's the one he loves, not me. And I can feel a prickle of pain in my heart at the thought... not that I even know where "my heart" is supposed to be at this point.*
Yuuji: All right, then. Let's have sex.
Michiru: Huh? Hold on, wait... I haven't even taken a shower yet, and I'm all sweaty.
Yuuji: That doesn't really bother me, you know.
Michiru: Yeah, well, it bothers me! Just hold your horses, darling.
Narration: *Michiru smiles brightly and then heads off towards the bathroom. Yuuji sees her off with a gentle smile of his own.*
Narration: *...Michiru grins like an idiot as she heads off towards the bathroom. But I'm pretty sure my own expression's just as stupid at the moment.*
Narration: *The girl's really been pulling me along with her today... probably because the date went so much more smoothly than usual.*
Narration: *I'm not exactly complaining about that, but if we both start acting like morons, we'll end up embarrassing ourselves. I need to try and be the sensible one here.*
Michiru: Alright, let's goooo!
Yuuji: You already finished showering? That was fast.
Michiru: I-I did wash myself properly, I'll have you know!
Yuuji: Yeah, sure. Now get over here.
Michiru: O-Okay...

Narration: *September 19, 06:45 - Mishima Cape Outskirts - Commercial Area*
Narration: *I head out under the morning sun with the woman I love. Walking the streets of a town that's still half-asleep isn't unpleasant.*
Narration: *The city shows me a face it normally wouldn't, and so does the woman at my side. This might not exactly be a sacred ritual, but it does inspire some special feelings.*
Narration: *The shopping district and station area, normally bustling with people, are almost completely silent. The morning's first train hasn't arrived yet.*
Narration: *A garbage truck sleepily opens its mouth to swallow a resident's leftovers, trash bag and all. A newspaper delivery motorbike rests idly in front of a shop, its work apparently complete.*
Narration: *The air's pleasantly cool. Michiru's coat doesn't look quite so out of place anymore.*
Narration: *The brutal late-summer heat seems to be gradually leaving this city behind. In a few days, autumn might start poking its head through the door.*
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji...
Narration: *Cuddling up to me, Michiru breaks the silence.*
Michiru: Being with you makes me really happy. You take me places I haven't been before, and make me feel things I haven't felt before. It feels like my world's getting bigger and bigger.
Yuuji: I see. It's definitely special when you experience something for the first time. Reading about it in a book or hearing someone describe it can't really compare.
Michiru: Yeah... Y'know, I've only met two people who made my world expand like this. Just you and one other person.
Yuuji: Oh? First I've heard of this other guy. Must have been a man with some backbone.
Michiru: Nope, it was a girl. A friend.
Yuuji: Hrm. Right, of course.
Michiru: Ehehe. I'm sorry, though. This is usually when you're out running, right?
Narration: *I glance down at my watch. Come to think of it, it's getting to be about that time.*
Yuuji: Yeah, that's true. But I was actually planning on taking you out this morning.
Michiru: On your daily training? Gah, you wanted to make me run again?
Yuuji: Not exactly. In any case, we're together now, so it doesn't really matter.
Michiru: ...I don't get it. Hey, you think everyone's gonna be surprised when we finally get back to the dorm?
Yuuji: Hmm, maybe not. It's not like they're unaware of our relationship. Chizuru might complain about us staying out without permission, I suppose. And at this hour, they might still be asleep.
Michiru: I guess so... Hm, I'm getting kinda hungry. I could go for a beef bowl right about now...
Yuuji: A bowlful of beef at this hour? Sounds like you're in good form today.
Michiru: I'm a growing girl! And I got some really vigorous exercise yesterday, too. Thanks to a certain somebody!
Yuuji: Exercise? Oh, you mean the sex?
Michiru: Hey! I was being vague on purpose, okay? Shhhh!
Yuuji: I'm afraid the beef bowl will have to wait, though. There's a place I want to take you.
Michiru: Huh? Where?
Narration: *This place holds a lot of significance for Michiru and me. Of course, that's got nothing to do with the "snowball fight" we had the other day.*
Narration: *This is the place where Michiru faced a literal "life and death" experience. She "died," and then came back to life of her own free will... a bit like a zombie, I suppose. And she did kind of look like one at the time.*
Michiru: Man, so many memories. I kinda feel like expressing my gratitude all over again.
Narration: *With that, Michiru bows her head in my direction.*
Michiru: Thank you for saving me. I probably would've gone crazy if it wasn't for you.
Yuuji: Not sure if you're that rational even now, honestly.
Michiru: Do you have to put it that way? Not that you're wrong...
Narration: *Michiru frowns thoughtfully as we listen to the sound of the waves. Like a stuffed bear in a picture book, she actually holds her hands to her face when she's thinking. It's rather cute.*
Michiru: Y'know, yesterday really was fun. Thanks again. I was very happy.
Michiru: I've been thinking lately... about everything I used to have that's gone, and the people who left me behind. I've been losing things my whole life, one after another.
Michiru: I'm sure that's not gonna change. At the very least, I want to hold on to you forever... but that's just impossible, right?
Yuuji: "Forever" isn't possible, but if we try, we can draw at least a little closer to it. There's no reason we can't get right up to the edge of eternity. Well, as long as we put in enough effort anyway.
Michiru: Haaa, you really are nice... That made my heart go squeeze.
Yuuji: ...You're a strange one.
Michiru: Even if we do break up... don't forget about me, okay?
Michiru: There's plenty of other cuties out there. Lots of really sweet girls, too. So it's okay if you get bored with me and find someone else. That's just the way things go.
Michiru: But try not to forget about me completely. Even if you fall head over heels for someone else, don't act like I never happened. Okay? 
Michiru: I won't tell you to love me forever. As long as you remember me, I'll be satisfied. All I'm asking for is a little space in the corner of your heart.
Yuuji: Rest assured, I've got no plans to leave you any time soon.
Narration: *Taking Michiru's head in my arms, I lean down and kiss her.*
Michiru: Mm... haaa. I mean, the way you brought me out here was a little weird, right? I was afraid you were breaking up with me. Like, maybe last night was one last gift or something.
Yuuji: You're reading too much into this.
Michiru: Well, yeah, I guess...
Yuuji: I'm going to sit down, all right? I do have something I wanted to talk about.
Narration: *Lowering myself to the ground, I take a deep breath of fresh air. Michiru gazes down at me uncertainly.*
Michiru: Uhm, it really isn't anything weird?
Yuuji: Define "weird." I think the term applies to most of my conversations with you.
Michiru: That's not what I mean... I just can't help feeling anxious.
Narration: *I glance down at my wristwatch. Seems best to let the conversation keep going for a while.*
Michiru: I don't really have much going for me, you know? So I get really scared sometimes.
Narration: *Michiru points at her own chest as she speaks.*
Michiru: I'm sure you know already, but this girl's really great. She's smart and super thoughtful. I'm always relying on her help... and of course, I can't even manage to repay her.
Yuuji: Remember what I said yesterday? You shouldn't worry too much about that.
Michiru: Also... there's Sachi.
Yuuji: Sachi? What about her?
Michiru: She's really devoted, and kind, and better than me at pretty much everything. Also, she's cute. Super cute. You couldn't turn down a girl like that if she came at you, right?
Michiru: Same goes for Makina. Her looks make you want to protect her, but she's actually clever as heck. And a real quick learner, too. She was terrified of you at first, but it's hard to believe that now.
Michiru: And Amane... has really big boobies.
Yuuji: That's seriously what you're going with there?
Michiru: Darn straight. Everyone knows guys like the big ones. And you did say you've got a weakness for large women, right?
Yuuji: That expression's somewhat misleading, but I can't say you're wrong.
Michiru: See? There you go. A girl with boobs that big can't understand how it feels to be me. On top of it all, she's really caring and a great cook.
Michiru: Yumiko's completely different from me in every way. I don't think I can even compare myself to her. She's a total beauty, for one thing... It just gets me down, you know? Everyone's amazing except for me.
Michiru: It'd be easier if I could hate them. But I love them all, and that just makes it even worse.
Michiru: Sometimes I wonder if you'll end up with another girl eventually, and that makes it feel like my chest's tearing itself apart.
Michiru: I do try to make you happy, but... I always seem to screw it up somehow.
Michiru: I just wish I was better at all this...
Narration: *Having expressed her feelings in full, Michiru falls silent. I respond with a long, exaggerated sigh.*
Yuuji: There's no point in comparing yourself with other women. You are who you are.
Michiru: Well, sure, but...
Yuuji: Listen. You're special to me. I'd tell you not to be anxious... but it seems like that's not going to work.
Yuuji: Fine, then. Be anxious. Tremble when you're scared. I'll wrap my arms around you and drive your fears away.
Michiru: Uhm, isn't comforting me all the time gonna be a pain in the butt?
Yuuji: No kidding. You're one hell of a high-maintenance woman. But that's part of who you are, so I'll deal with it.
Yuuji: Tell me when you're anxious, and I'll kiss you. Tell me when you're scared, and I'll hug you. And when all your fears are finally gone, tell me that too.
Michiru: What if that never happens?
Yuuji: I'll stick with you as long as it takes. If you never get there, I'll be with you until I die. That's a promise. You understand?
Michiru: ...Yeah. Sorta.
Narration: *After all that, a "sorta" is the best I can get? This girl really does take some effort. But of course, if you want a woman who makes everything easy, you'll be looking a long time.*
Michiru: I don't know if we can really be together forever, but I guess that's kinda like asking for a miracle... 
Michiru: Either way, I'm happy you said all that so clearly. I dunno what's gonna happen, but at least I understand how you feel.
Michiru: I think that's... something I really love about you, Yuuji.
Narration: *I've decided to show Michiru a miracle. Or alternatively, to change her "perspective."*
Narration: *The filter through which you look at the world can change the way you feel about things dramatically.*
Narration: *What Michiru needs right now is a bit of magic. It doesn't have to be fancy; the trick itself can be obvious. The only thing that matters is to show her a new way of perceiving the world.*
Yuuji: Try opening your pouch.
Michiru: What, this? My shark pouch?m
Yuuji: That's right. Show me what you've got inside.
Narration: *Michiru unzips her pouch and holds it open for me.*
Narration: *Inside is the snow globe I gave her, the sticker photos we decorated with our scribbles, the bony spare ribs figurine, and her rolled up fortune slip, among other things. They're mementos of the time we've spent together.*
Michiru: Geez, this really isn't romantic at all. I wish we'd done a better job. Why'd you have to write "National Defense," anyway? I don't even get it.
Yuuji: It was still fun, wasn't it?
Michiru: ...Yeah.
Yuuji: That's what matters. It's not like a memento has meaning in itself.
Yuuji: They're just pieces of the past. Tools to help you remember. Everything that's really important is inside your heart.
Michiru: Right... well, this spare ribs figurine is nice too... but I kinda wish we'd seen some snow together.
Yuuji: We've got plenty of time ahead of us. The strawberry on your shortcake might have gotten away from you, but winter isn't going anywhere.
Michiru: Yeah, that's true. Of course. We've got plenty of time.
Yuuji: But... if your heart's set on the snow, I could show you some right now.
Michiru: Huh? Really!? You can do that?
Yuuji: Yes, I can. But only if you wait just a little longer...
Michiru: Oh c'mon, Yuuji, show me! I wanna see snow falling in the summer!
Narration: *I put a finger on Michiru's lips to silence her, then retrieve the snowglobe from her pouch with a magician's flourish.*
Michiru: What are you gonna do with that?
Yuuji: Listen carefully, Michiru. Having your own perspective is a very important thing.
Michiru: Sorry, what do you mean by perspective?
Yuuji: It's the filter through which you see the world.
Narration: *I give the snowglobe a light shake, and countless "snowflakes" swirl around within it. Michiru swallows audibly, mesmerized by their brilliance.*
Yuuji: For example... try holding this up right in front of your eyes. Look at the world through your snowglobe.
Narration: *Taking the spherical toy from my hand, Michiru holds it in front of her face. The world she sees through that small snowglobe seems to be filled with radiance.*
Michiru: Whoa... it really does look like there's snow falling.
Narration: *Moving myself to Michiru's side, I bring my face close and peer into the snowglobe with her.*
Michiru: We can't really look at the same time, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Not to worry, I've got something else in mind.
Narration: *Taking my cell phone out of my pocket, I hold it out at arms length and point it toward our faces.*
Michiru: Oh, we're gonna take a selfie?
Yuuji: That's right. Come on, get closer. You're almost out of the shot.
Michiru: I can't get any closer than this. Our cheeks are touching...
Yuuji: That's good enough. Now your snowglobe up in front of the lens.
Michiru: Huh? What's that gonna do?
Yuuji: Change our perspective.
Narration: *The cell phone's lens focuses on our faces through the "filter" of Michiru's toy. By now, she seems to have realized the effect that's going to have.*
Yuuji: I'm going to take it, all right? Smile.
Michiru: Right. Cheeeese!
Yuuji: Now take a look at the screen. See what I did there?
Michiru: Oh wow! It looks totally real! It's like we're on a date in the middle of a snowstorm!
Yuuji: If you're able to change your perspective, there are plenty of ways to make it snow in the middle of the summer.
Yuuji: A physical weather phenomenon isn't really what we're looking for. We want the joy that comes with it. And an excuse to cuddle up together.
Yuuji: Just like your mementos, the snow itself isn't that important. What matters is the way it makes you feel.
Michiru: Yeah. I mean, this is wonderful too. Even if there isn't any actual snow, it makes me feel really happy.
Yuuji: It's all right if you're sad, too. I'm always willing to comfort you. But when you look at things from another angle, sometimes you'll see your anxieties aren't so significant... and it can make life a lot less painful.
Narration: *Of course, there are some problems that "changing your perspective" just can't fix. But it's a skill Michiru needs. I want her to understand that.*
Narration: *When you're carrying excess baggage on your shoulders, don't hesitate to toss it away at the side of the road. That's about all the advice I can offer right now.*
Yuuji: Sorry for the lecture. I've only got one real answer for you.
Yuuji: I love you, and I always will. Simple as that.
Michiru: Oh yeah...? Hmm...
Narration: *Gazing at the "snow-filled" image on my cell phone's screen, Michiru sniffles slightly. Her nose seems to have gone a bit red. She looks over at me with tear-filled eyes... and her face breaks into an emotional smile.*
Michiru: That makes me happy, Yuuji. Thanks.
Michiru: I'm gonna make prints of this photo and put them in my album. And years from now, I'll remember that I came here with you. I'll remember what you said. And I'll remember how happy I was. I'll never, ever forget.
Michiru: So let's... take more photos, okay? Lots more. It doesn't matter how boring or pointless they are. I want to have lots and lots of pictures of us together.
Michiru: I want to preserve every little thing I'm feeling right now. I don't want any of it to fade away. So let's take photos... for our future selves.
Yuuji: Yeah, I don't mind. We'll take as many as you want.
Michiru: Thank you, Yuuji!
Narration: *Michiru throws herself at me like a diver plunging into a pool. I catch her in my arms and spin her around as if we're dancing. Counterclockwise, careful not to frighten her.*
Narration: *―And so, the story of a few days at the end of summer reaches its conclusion.*
Narration: *Michiru and I didn't go on any adventures or learn any profound lessons. There weren't any dramatic events in our vicinity, and we didn't run around trying to unravel some elaborate conspiracy.*
Narration: *The two of us just laughed together, went on dates, and shared a few kisses. That was how our summer ended.*
Narration: *Is there anything wrong with that? I did promise to work my way toward eternity with her, but honestly, there's no telling what might happen tomorrow.*
Narration: *I might lose my life in some sudden disaster. And for all I know, a "cleaner" could be planning to erase me at this very moment.*
Narration: *Nobody knows what the future holds. But for now, at least, I'm living a dream. Being with Michiru makes me happy; even the "dullest" of our days together feels like a miracle.*
Narration: *And speaking of miracles... there's actually just a little bit more to this story.*
Yuuji: Michiru, I think it's about t―
Michiru: Hold on, Yuuji! Don't finish that sentence. I know we should go back soon, but... let's stay here just a little longer, okay?
Yuuji: That's not... well... hmm. All right.
Narration: *Still cuddled up against my chest, Michiru mumbles a few more words.*
Michiru: Geez, I'm so happy. Being with you really... hmm?
Narration: *Pausing mid-sentence, she tilts her head quizzically. Something's landed on the tip of her nose.*
Narration: *It's a small "flake" of some kind.*
Michiru: Huh? Wait, what's this?
Narration: *She glances around the area, but there's nothing it could have fallen from. In other words, it must have come from the sky.*
Michiru: Yuuji... what do you think this stuff is?
Narration: *Finally, Michiru lifts her face upward... just as another small particle drifts down from above, glittering brilliantly in the sun.*
Michiru: ...Huh?
Narration: *The particle in question flutters in the breeze and lands gently on my shoulder. Michiru tilts her head again and opens her mouth to speak, then stops abruptly. Her eyes go wide.*
Narration: *The reason for her surprise is obvious: another shining flake, and then another, have fallen from the sky.*
Narration: *They're small, delicate, ephemeral. Like fragments of a pleasant dream; the kind that might disappear forever the moment you speak.*
Narration: *Michiru covers her mouth with both her hands, as if to protect this "illusion."*
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji... is this...
Narration: *Without a word, I point a finger straight up. Michiru hesitates briefly, then cranes her neck back and looks at the sky.*
Narration: *And a moment later...*
Michiru: Aaaah! I-It's snow!
Narration: *High above us, the deep blue summer sky is filled with brilliant white. Countless flakes fall to earth at their own leisurely pace, as if moving in slow motion.*
Michiru: How? Why!? Why is it snowing!?
Narration: *Wild with excitement, Michiru looks from the sky to me and back again.*
Yuuji: Must be a miracle, I guess.
Narration: *I answer Michiru's question in a half-serious tone of voice. Of course, whether it's really a "miracle" isn't important in the slightest. The sheer joy on her face is all that matters.*
Michiru: You're right, that has to be it! Our love caused a miracle! I'm gonna die from happiness!
Narration: *Throwing her arms around my neck, she proceeds to squeeze so tightly that I can barely breathe. I respond with a powerful hug of my own.*
Michiru: You can't get more wintery than this! It's totally Christmas, right? A white Christmas!
Yuuji: It's a little early in the year for that.
Michiru: No it isn't! Uhm, today's Christmas Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve... or something!
Michiru: I can't believe it... When I'm with you, miracles can really happen! You showed me a whole new world again! I'm so happy! I love you, Yuuji. I love you!
Narration: *The gleaming flakes from the sky cover the ground around us, as if to magically seal our feelings into the earth itself for all eternity.*
Narration: *Alone in our own radiant little world, our eyes smarting from the brilliance all around us, Michiru and I embrace and share a long kiss.*
Narration: *And so, the story of our "uneventful" summer together is bookmarked by a single miracle.*
Narration: *This year, Christmas came earlier for us than anyone else in the world.*

Michiru: Fwah... geez, Yuuji... it's already so big...
Narration: *As she pulls my cock out of my pants, Michiru mumbles softly to herself.*
Michiru: I mean... somebody might walk in on us at any moment... why are you even harder than usual...?
Yuuji: If you're that worried about someone catching us, how about you hurry this up?
Michiru: Uh, well... y-yeah...
Narration: *Michiru nods, studies my penis... and then glances over at the entrance to the photo booth.*
Narration: *I guess she's making sure there's no one outside.*
Michiru: A-All right... I'm gonna get started, okay...?
Yuuji: Go for it.
Michiru: Mmmm...
Narration: *Michiru timidly sticks her tongue out and starts licking my penis.*
Michiru: Hah, mm... mmm... *slurp*... *slurp*... mmmm...
Narration: *She keeps flicking her eyes back toward the entrance. She's clearly concerned about someone seeing us.*
Narration: *It's a far cry from her usual passionate blowjobs... to be honest, it's not doing much from me.*
Narration: *But just as that thought crosses my mind...*
Narration: *There's the sound of footsteps outside the booth.*
Michiru: ...!?
Yuuji: Guh!?
Narration: *Michiru squeezes my dick in surprise, and I let out a grunt of pain.*
Michiru: Ah!? S-Sorry!
Yuuji: ...Look, if you're that worried, we can just stop.
Michiru: I... don't wanna.
Narration: *Rejecting my proposal, Michiru starts licking my dick again.*
Michiru: Mmm... hah... it says the booth's in use, so no one will come in... mm, *smack*... *slurp*... the booth is in use, so no one's gonna come in... ngh... *lick*... mm, mm...
Narration: *Michiru mutters the words over and over, trying to convince herself. Her mumbling is punctuated by the sounds of her tongue running over my penis.*
Narration: *Her movements are still awkward, but it's kind of cute watching her frantically wiggling her tongue like that.*
Michiru: Haaah... mmm, hoo... *sluurp*... *sluurp*... mmm, mmm... *smack*... *smack*, mmm... *slurp*...
Narration: *Every time Michiru's warm tongue runs over my penis, I feel even more blood rush down there.*
Michiru: Fwaah... mmmm... *slurp*... *shluck*... mmm... *slurp*... mmmm... you're getting even bigger, Yuuji...
Narration: *My stiff cock, now completely covered in Michiru's saliva, glistens slightly.*
Michiru: It's so big... even though we're outside...
Narration: *Murmuring the words to herself, Michiru runs her fingers over my dick, as if to confirm just how big and hard it really is.*
Michiru: Ah... it started throbbing...
Michiru: ...Want me to keep going?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Michiru: All right, coming right up...
Narration: *Her voice suddenly cheerful, Michiru gets back to work with her tongue.*
Michiru: Mmmm... haaah... *sluurp*... *smack*. Mmmm... *slurp*... *sluurp*... mmmm... *slrp*... ngh... mmmm...
Narration: *She's still a bit stiff and nervous, but it's starting to feel pretty good. A pleasant tingling sensation spreads across my lower body.*
Michiru: Mmm, oh... your dick's leaking a little, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Feel free to lick that up too.
Michiru: I-I never said I wanted to or anything...
Yuuji: Yeah, but you always drink it, don't you?
Michiru: I mean, sure, but...
Narration: *According to the girl herself, it's her way of confirming that I'm feeling pleasure.*
Narration: *I don't quite get it, but I have been known to enjoy lapping at a sopping-wet pussy... guess it's the same thing, basically.*
Narration: *Averting her eyes bashfully, she slowly brings her lips closer to the head of my cock. *
Narration: *And then...*
Michiru: Mmmm... *smack*... *sluurp*... mmm... *sluuuuurp*... *sluurp*... mmmm... *smack*
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *I let out an involuntary moan as she sucks up my pre-cum.*
Narration: *I don't know if she's doing it on purpose or not, but the way she's tickling my urethra just causes even more pre-cum to leak out.*
Michiru: *Shlurp*... *shmack*... mmmm... is it just me, or... mmm... is there more of it than usual...? Mmm... *smack*...
Yuuji: ...Is there?
Michiru: Haah... mmmm, *smack*... yeah... *shmack*... Oh, but it's not like I mind or anything. It's just proof that you're feeling good, Yuuji...
Yuuji: I suppose...
Michiru: Yep... mm, fwah... *smack*... mmm, mmmm... *lick*... *lick*... mmm, *slurp*... *smack*... mmm, mm...
Narration: *Michiru sticks her tongue into my urethra, seeking even more of my pre-come. And at that moment...*
Girl A: Geez, you sure took your time!
Girl B: Sorryyyy!
Michiru: ...!!
Narration: *At the sound of voices outside, Michiru's shoulders tremble violently.*
Narration: *A moment later, she realizes they're pretty far away from us and breathes a small sigh of relief.*
Narration: *...This stop-and-go routine is starting to become an issue.*
Narration: *In retrospect, I probably shouldn't have warned her about keeping absolutely quiet. It obviously made her pretty self-conscious.*
Narration: *But I can't take it back now. What's done is done.*
Narration: *Hrm. In that case...*
Yuuji: Michiru, can you take it all the way in for me?
Michiru: Huh...? Uh, okay...
Narration: *Michiru brings her face even closer, opens her mouth wide... and swallows up my dick.*
Michiru: Mmmm... muuugh... *shmack*... mmmm... *shmack*... *shmack*...
Narration: *The inside of her mouth is warm and pleasurable.*
Narration: *Eager to pleasure me further, Michiru immediately begins moving her back and forth along my penis.*
Michiru: *Shmack*, *shmack*... mmmm, fwah... *shmack*... *shmack*... kpah, nngh...
Yuuji: Can you go a bit faster, Michiru?
Michiru: Huh...? But...
Yuuji: Don't worry. It's pretty noisy outside, so I don't think anyone will hear us.
Michiru: ...Hmm, okay.
Michiru: *Shmack*, *shmack*... mmmm, *shmack* *shmack*... *shlurp* *shmaack*, mmmm... *smack* *shmack* *sluurp* *shluurp*...
Narration: *As Michiru's movements gradually speed up, the sounds naturally get louder too.*
Narration: *Of course, the sensation becomes more pleasurable as well. I find myself trembling slightly at the stimulation.*
Michiru: Nm, *shluurp* *slurp* mmmmm, *shmack*... Does it feel good, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: Yeah, it feels damn good.
Michiru: That's good to hear...
Narration: *Michiru's clearly relieved; the blowjob suddenly grows a lot more intense.*
Michiru: *Shmack* *shluurp* *shmack*... *shmrack* *sluurp* *smack* *smack* Mmmm *smack* ... mmmm, hpwah, *shmack* *smack* *smack*...
Girl A: What do you wanna do next?
Girl B: Well, I'm kinda hungry. Should we get something to eat?
Girl A: Yeah, sounds good to me.
Michiru: *Smack* *shmack*... *sluuurp*! *Slurp* *smack* *smack*! Mmm, fwah... *sluuuurp*... *shmack* *smack* *sluurp* *smack*!
Narration: *Unable to hear the girls outside over the sound of her own blowjob, Michiru moves her moist lips against the shaft of my cock.*
Narration: *This way, we shouldn't have to worry about any interruptions for a while.*
Narration: *As I'm congratulating myself for coming up with this ingenious solution... the pleasure assailing me suddenly multiplies.*
Michiru: Mmmm, *shmack*... you're throbbing inside my mouth, Yuuji... mmm, *shmack* *sluurp* *smack* *smack*!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *Michiru's pursed her lips to trap my dick inside, intensifying things considerably.*
Narration: *My whole body trembles in response, but Michiru doesn't let go. In fact, she clamps down on my dick even harder.*
Michiru: *Shmack*... Nhaah, my mouth's full of your pre-come, Yuuji... mmmm, *smack*... *shmack* *sluuurp* *smack* *shmack* *smack*...
Narration: *This is not good. I don't think I can hold out much longer...*
Michiru: Nmh, *smack* *shmack*... I guess I should use my hands too, huh...? Mmm, nngh, *shmack* *shmack*, mmm, *sluurp*!
Narration: *Her lips suck on the head of my cock. Her hands rub my shaft. The pleasure just keeps increasing.*
Narration: *I'm already on the verge of coming, but Michiru doesn't let up her assault for a moment.*
Michiru: *Sluurp*, *shmack*... mm, *sluurp* *shmack*, mfwah, *smack* *shmack*! Nhaah, it's so thick now...
Michiru: Mmmm... how do you like that, Yuuji...? *Shmack* *shmack* *sluurp* *smack*! Mmm, nfh, *sluuurp* *shmack* *shluurp* *smack* *smack* *smack*!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...!**
Michiru: *Shluuurp*... Haaah, mmm... Your dick's throbbing so much, Yuuji... *shmack* *sluuurp*, *shmack* *shluurp*, *shmack* *shmack*!
Yuuji: Michiru...!
Michiru: *Shmack* *shluurp*... mmm... go ahead...
Narration: *The tone of my voice apparently told Michiru everything she needs to know.*
Michiru: Go ahead and come... *shmack* *shmack* *shluupr*... mmmm. I'll take it all, so... let out as much as you want... *shmack* *shluurp* *smack* *sluuurp*!
Michiru: *Smack* *smack* *sluuurp*... *shmack* *shmack* *smack*! *Smack* *sluurp* *smack*, nfwah, *smack* *sluuurp* *smack* *smack*!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!!**
Narration: *As the pleasure that's been building up inside me finally explodes, I ejaculate in Michiru's mouth.*
Michiru: Mmmm! Mmmm, fwah... mmm, mngh...!
Narration: *As my semen surges into her, Michiru lets out a little moan of pain and surprise.*
Yuuji: You all right, Michiru?
Michiru: Mmmm...
Yuuji: Wait right there. I'll go get a tiss―
Michiru: Don't bother. I'll drink it...
Narration: *With that, Michiru slowly starts swallowing down my semen.*
Michiru: Mmm... mmm, fwa... mmmm... mmmm, kuh... mmmm... fwaaaah...
Narration: *When it's over, she takes a deep breath and rubs her legs together slightly.*
Narration: *Hrm...*
Yuuji: ...Michiru, what do you want to do next?
Michiru: ...I wanna do it.
Yuuji: All right, then. Turn around for me...
Michiru: O-Okay...
Narration: *With a small nod, Michiru rises to her feet.*
Narration: *Turning around slowly, she braces herself against the wall of the photo booth.*
Yuuji: Stick your butt out a bit more.
Michiru: Umm... L-Like this...?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's good.
Narration: *I promptly flip up Michiru's skirt and pull down her panties.*
Michiru: Ah...
Narration: *The girl's already absurdly wet.*
Narration: *Looks like she can't wait to get started. Every time her pussy twitches, a small trail of fluid trickles out of it.*
Yuuji: You're pretty wet, aren't you...?
Michiru: Noo... don't be such a meanie, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...A meanie? I haven't even done anything yet.
Michiru: That's what I'm talking about...
Narration: *Oh, I get it. She wants me to put it in that badly, huh...?*
Yuuji: ...Are you ready, Michiru?
Michiru: ...Yeah, it's fine.
Michiru: I can't wait any longer... so... please, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Roger.
Narration: *I bring my dick to Michiru's trembling pussy and slowly thrust forward.*
Michiru: Mmm! Haaah! Aah, aaah... aaaaaah...
Narration: *Little by little, I push deeper into Michiru, despite the resistance of her soft, warm walls.*
Narration: *The girl feels even tighter than usual. Probably has something to do with the fact that we're doing it in "public" today.*
Narration: *...Actually... the very first time we did it, Amane and the others were just outside the room, weren't they...?*
Narration: *As I'm thinking it over, the head of my penis finally reaches the back of Michiru's vagina.*
Michiru: Mmmm! Aah... haaah...
Narration: *As the tip of my dick pokes at her womb, Michiru's pussy clamps down on me tight.*
Narration: *It's nothing like her usual gentle embrace. I can tell exactly how anxious she is right now.*
Narration: *Guess I need to loosen her up a bit...*
Yuuji: I'm gonna move now, Michiru.
Michiru: Okay...
Narration: *Grabbing hold of her slender waist, I start slowly moving my hips.*
Narration: *When I'm two-thirds of the way out of her, I move my hips slightly to stimulate her G-spot.*
Michiru: Nhaah... Aaah, fwaah... haaah... haaah... aaah... nggh... aaah...
Narration: *Carefully not to push too hard, I rub gently and steadily against her.*
Narration: *As Michiru moans softly, I slowly fan the flames of her passion.*
Michiru: Aaah... mmmm, mmm... haah... mm... haah... I can't believe we're doing this... in public...
Yuuji: It's a little late for second thoughts now, you know.
Michiru: Haaah... mmmm... having sex where people might see us is... nhaah... definitely embarrassing, but... aah, aah... I don't regret it or anything...
Michiru: Mmm, nngh... ah... it just sorta... haah... hit me now, I guess...
Yuuji: What did?
Michiru: Aaah... hah, ngh... that I love you enough... mm... to have sex in a place like this...
Michiru: Mmmm... ah... and when I thought about... how much I love you... nhah... it made me... wanna have sex even more...
Narration: *When I hear Michiru speak those words, I find myself picking up the pace of my movements.*
Narration: *Determined to bring her even more pleasure, I rub my cock persistently against the soft walls of her vagina.*
Michiru: Nhaaah... Aah, haah... ngh... Yuuji... that... mm... feels so good...
Yuuji: Well, I know all your sensitive spots by now...
Michiru: Aaah, aaaah... mmmm... Haaah... Aaah, aaah... You're hitting all the right places, Yuuji...
Narration: *Michiru's pussy starts getting hotter and hotter.*
Narration: *Thick, hot liquid trickles down from somewhere deep inside her, leaving her vagina even more wet than before.*
Michiru: Haah... Haaaah... Nhaaah, aaah... aaah, I... aaaah... just keep getting wetter...
Yuuji: Try not to go overboard. You'll get the floor dirty.
Michiru: ...! Mmm, mmmm...
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *Michiru suddenly tightens her pussy in reaction to my words.*
Narration: *The sensation of her walls clamping down on me is so strong that I let out an involuntary moan... but I don't stop moving my hips.*
Michiru: Nhaaah, aah... Haah, mmmm... Aaah, aaah... Y-You keep rubbing against me, Yuuji... mmmm!!
Yuuji: You sure look like you're enjoying yourself.
Michiru: Mmmm, aaah... Aaah, aaah... mm, mmmm... Y-Yess... Nhaaah... It feels really good... aaaaah..
Narration: *Hrm. Well, if she's this wet, I should be able to go all the way in easily enough.*
Narration: *I tightly grip Michiru's waist, and abruptly push my cock all the way into her well-lubricated pussy.*
Michiru: Haaahn! Mmm..Aaah... Haaah... mmm, aaaah...
Narration: *Deriving pleasure from her trembling walls, I push in a second time.*
Michiru: Aaahn! Mmmm, haaah... Aaaah, aaah... y-you're going so deep... mmm... it feels so good... 
Yuuji: That's a pretty naughty face you're making, Michiru.
Michiru: Nheh...? Nhaaah! Aaaah...
Yuuji: Take a look in front of you. The screen's showing how your face looks right now.
Michiru: ...!? Nooo...Th-That's so embarrassing... aahn!
Narration: *Michiru tries to cover her face with her hands, but I thrust again, interrupting her.*
Narration: *She's forced to place both hands back on the wall to avoid losing her balance, leaving her face clearly visible on the screen.*
Michiru: Mmmm! Haaah, aaah, aaaaah... nhaaah... Y-Yuuji... don't thrust so deep...
Yuuji: What, you want me to stop?
Michiru: Haaah... Nhaaa, aaah... N-No, but... fwaaah... t-this is so embarrassing... aahn!
Yuuji: There's no need to be embarrassed. You look cute.
Michiru: Nheh? Fwaah, aaah, aaah... mmmm! Okay, this really is embarrassing...!!
Narration: *Michiru glances over at the screen again when I call her cute.*
Narration: *But her face goes bright red when she sees what kind of expression she's making, and she quickly averts her gaze.*
Yuuji: If you're that embarrassed, should I stop?
Michiru: Mmm... Aaah... Nooo... Nhaaah, aaah... You can't stop... Aah, aaah... I want to keep going, Yuuji...
Yuuji: All right, then I'm gonna get even rougher.
Michiru: Fwaaah... mmmm, please... Aah, aaah... Please be rougher...
Narration: *I suddenly speed up, thrusting even more violently into Michiru.*
Michiru: Fwaaah!? Aaah, haah, nhaaah, aaah, aaaah...!
Narration: *Michiru's pussy tightens again as she starts moaning.*
Narration: *Enjoying her trembling pussy, I push even deeper into her.*
Michiru: Nhaaah, aaah, aah... S-So deep... Haaahn! You're hitting so deep inside me, Yuuji... aaah, aaaaah!!
Yuuji: That's one hell of a look on your face, Michiru.
Michiru: ...! Hyaah!? Aaah! Nhaaah, aah... noo, don't look...!
Yuuji: No point in getting embarrassed now. I've seen you like this plenty of times before.
Michiru: Mmmm... fwaah, aaah, aaaaah... that's true, but... aahn!
Narration: *Trembling from the pleasure, Michiru tightly grabs on to the wall to make sure she doesn't fall.*
Narration: *She looks up briefly and... sees her face on the screen once more.*
Michiru: Ah, aaah... I can't believe that's me...
Narration: *Her blush deepens, and her pussy grows even hotter.*
Narration: *By this point, she's so wet that every thrust I make is accompanied with a lewd squelching noise.*
Michiru: Aaaah, haah, aaaah, aaaaaah! Nhaaa aaah, aaaaah... I-I'm getting so turned on by looking... mmmm... at my own face... fwaah, aaahn! 
Yuuji: Try not to moan too loudly, Michiru. Someone outside might hear us.
Michiru: Mmmm... haaah, aaah, aaaah! I-I can't help it! Nhaaah, aaah... it just feels too good... mmmm, aaah, aaah... I can't stop...
Narration: *But just as Michiru moans out these words...*
Girl A: Hm? Did you hear a weird voice just now?
Michiru: ...!?
Narration: *There's the sound of voices outside, and Michiru slaps a hand over her mouth.*
Narration: *I think she might actually be holding her breath, judging by the way her pussy's squeezing down on me.*
Girl B: ...Nope, I don't hear anything.
Girl A: ...Huh? I could have sworn I just heard something...
Girl B: ......
Girl A: ......
Michiru: ......
Girl B: ...I still don't hear anything. Are you sure you're not hearing things?
Girl A: Well, I dunno... maybe...
Girl B: What kind of voice was it?
Girl A: A really lewd one.
Michiru: ...!!
Girl B: Oh, c'moooon. There's no way anyone'd have sex in a place like this, right?
Girl A: Hmm... yeah, I guess. It might just have been my imagination..
Narration: *The two girls' voices start growing more distant, until eventually we can no longer hear them.*
Michiru: ...Haaah... haaah...!
Narration: *Michiru's pussy finally starts loosening up a bit.*
Narration: *And the moment it does, I thrust deeply into her again.*
Michiru: Kah, mmm! Mmmm, fwah, aaaaah... mmm, mmmmm! Nhaaah, aaaah... haah, mmmmm!
Narration: *Still terrified we'll be overheard, she keeps her hand pressed over her mouth.*
Narration: *The more she tries to hold her voice in, the more her pussy clamps down on me.*
Michiru: Mmm, haaah, mhaaah... Y-Yuuji... mmmm, aah, mmm... you... can't...
Yuuji: You want to stop?
Michiru: Nhaaah... mmm... mmmm... no! Mmmm... Haah, aaah... Aaah... Aaah... You can't stop...
Yuuji: Okay... then what do you want me to do?
Michiru: Mmmm... haah, mmmm... mmmm, aaah... it's embarrassing, but... nfwah... mmmm... just keep... mmm... going...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I take some coins out of my pocket and insert them into the machine's coin slot.*
Printy: Welcome to Printy ★ Princess! Start by choosing how you want your photos to look!
Michiru: Hyaah!
Yuuji: As long as this stupid voice is babbling away, people shouldn't be able to hear us.
Michiru: Ah...
Yuuji: ...All right, let's keep going.
Michiru: Okay... make me feel good, Yuuji... until I come...
Yuuji: You got it.
Narration: *I pull almost all the way out, then thrust back in in one go.*
Michiru: Mmmmmmm!!
Narration: *It looks like Michiru's still a bit embarrassed, since she's still muffling her voice with her hand.*
Narration: *I keep churning up her insides, thrusting deep into her over and over.*
Michiru: Nhaah! Aah, aaaaah... kufuu, Mmmm! Haah, aaaah... mmmm, aaah, mmm... haah, aaaaah!
Narration: *It looks like the stimulation is too much for her aroused body to handle. She starts letting out a few audible moans as she squirms in pleasure.*
Narration: *Concerned about being overheard, she starts desperately mashing the buttons on the screen.*
Printy: Choose four patterns from our list of frames and designs!
Michiru: Haaah... Nhhaah! Aaaah... mmm, fwah... Haah, aaah, afuu... mmmm! Oh no...! I can't keep my voice down anymore!
Yuuji: ...Want me to stop thrusting so deep?
Michiru: Kufuu, mmmm! Of course nooot...! Mmmm, aaah... aaaaah... don't be a bully... mmmm... keep goooing...
Narration: *Begging for more, Michiru pounds on the screen again.*
Printy: All right. We're gonna take a picture, so look at the camera! Squeeze up nice and close, you two. Three, two...
Narration: *Doing my best to ignore the machine's annoyingly airheaded voice, I thrust deep into Michiru's vagina, hitting the entrance of her womb.*
Michiru: Nhaaaaaaaaaaah...!!
Printy: ...one.
Michiru: Mmmmm!! N-No... Haah, aaah... don't take a picture of this...!
Narration: *Ignoring Michiru's complaints, I keep right on thrusting.*
Michiru: Nhaaah! Aaaa, kuh! Nhaaah, aaaaaah... fwaah... mmmm!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *With every thrust and retreat, the pleasure inside me builds steadily.*
Printy: We're gonna take another picture, so look at the camera! This time, let's get vertical. Three, two...
Michiru: Haaah, aaaah... No, wait... hyaaah! Mmmm! Haah, ahhh, mmm...!!
Printy: ...one.
Narration: *The camera flashes, capturing Michiru in a rather indecent state.*
Narration: *I didn't think I had a fetish for this, but seeing her squirm in humiliation while she moans in pleasure is pretty damn erotic.*
Michiru: Nhaaah, haaah... mmmm! Yaaah... mmmm! I-It took another picture...Aaaahn!
Michiru: Mmmm, aaaah... haaaah, mmmm! A-Amazing... you're so deep... Nhaaah! Mmmm... it feels so good!
Printy: We're gonna take another picture, so look at the camera! This time, let's try a cute little wink! Three, two...
Michiru: ...! A-Again... Aaah! Mmmm! Haaah, mmmm!
Printy: ...one.
Michiru: Haaah, mmmm... mmmm, aaaaah! N-Nooo don't take my picture! Mmm, haah... Aaah, mmmm!
Michiru: Mmmmm! Haaaah, aaaaaaah! Y-Yuuji... it feels too good, I think I'm going to come...!
Yuuji: Go right ahead. Here, I'll help...
Narration: *I tightly grip Michiru's waist, and start thrusting faster for the finisher.*
Narration: *As the sounds of flesh slapping against flesh and fluids sloshing together fill the small booth, I feel myself building toward an orgasm.*
Michiru: Kuh! Haah, aaaaaaah! Mmmm, I'm coming! Nhaaah, aaaah... coming...! Mmmmm! I-I'm coming...!
Michiru: Ah, aaah! Gnnh, mmmmm!! Haaah, aaah! Aaaaaah!
Printy: We're gonna take another picture, so look at the camera! This time, let's try a passionate embrace! Three, two...
Michiru: Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!!**
Narration: *Michiru arches her back and lets out a muffled squeal as she climaxes.*
Narration: *I come at the same time, pouring my seed into her tight pussy.*
Narration: *Of course, our faces are clearly displayed on the screen the entire time.*
Michiru: Fwaaah, aaaah... you're coming so much, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Don't clamp down so hard, Michiru...
Michiru: Mmmm... aaah... I can't help it... mmmm! I'm still coming right now, okay...?
Yuuji: You're hopeless, girl...
Narration: *Every time her pussy trembles, a little more of my thick semen spills out of her.*
Michiru: Nhaah, nooo! If it spills out like that, it'll get my socks dirty...!
Narration: *Suddenly concerned about her clothing, Michiru tries to move...*
Michiru: Fwaah!? Ah, aaaaaaah...
Yuuji: ...You're still sensitive, right? Don't wiggle around so much.
Michiru: Nooo... I came again...

Michiru: ...Hey, Yuuji?
Yuuji: What's up?
Michiru: Umm... could you... kiss me?
Yuuji: ...Sure.
Narration: *As Michiru gazes up at me with moistened eyes, I nod slightly.*
Narration: *She closes her eyes as my face draws near... and my lips touch hers.*
Michiru: Mmm...
Narration: *As the kiss ends, Michiru gazes at me once more.*
Yuuji: ...What's the matter?
Michiru: ...Too short.
Yuuji: What, you wanted a longer kiss?
Michiru: That's not... not what I mean.
Narration: *Michiru trails off and turns away, embarrassed.*
Narration: *I take her by the chin and turn her back towards me, then kiss her again.*
Michiru: Mmmm... fwaah... mmmm... *Smack*... mmmm... haaah...
Narration: *This kiss lasts longer than the last one, but Michiru still doesn't look fully satisfied.*
Michiru: ...I want more, Yuuji.
Yuuji: You're one greedy girl, you know that...?
Michiru: Haaah... mmmm... mmmm... *smack*... *smack*... Mmmm, fwah... *kiss*... *smack*... mmm... Yuuji...
Narration: *Calling my name, Michiru moves in to kiss me herself.*
Narration: *It's not a bad feeling, having the girl you love demand "more" from you... although I suppose it might depend on what she's demanding.*
Michiru: *Smack*... Mmmm... *smack*... *smack*, mmm... *smack*... mm, *kiss*...
Narration: *Michiru's unusually aggressive today. The kisses seem to be getting her pretty turned on, judging from the faint blush spreading across her skin.*
Michiru: Mmmm... *kiss*... mm, fwah... haaaah...
Narration: *After one very long kiss, Michiru finally stops to take a huge breath.*
Narration: *The dissatisfaction is gone from her eyes... replaced with a strong desire.*
Yuuji: Michiru... can I take your bathrobe off?
Michiru: ...Yeah.
Narration: *Michiru nods slightly, clearly embarrassed.*
Narration: *I sidle closer to her and undo the belt of her bathrobe.*
Narration: *With nothing holding it together, the robe slowly parts to the sides, revealing Michiru's underwear.*
Yuuji: You wore underwear?
Michiru: Hm? Yeah.
Michiru: Uhh... is that weird?
Narration: *Bathrobes are supposed to be a replacement for a towel, so normally you don't wear underwear underneath one... but if I tell her that, she'll probably start squawking about her "mistake"...*
Yuuji: No, not at all...
Yuuji: But I haven't seen these ones before, I think.
Michiru: Y-Yeah. I just bought them, you know?
Yuuji: I see.
Michiru: ...D-Do they... look good?
Yuuji: Yeah, definitely.
Michiru: Really...? Thank goodness...
Narration: *Michiru breathes a sigh of relief.*
Michiru: You know... I was thinking of you when I picked these out, Yuuji...
Michiru: I wanted to pick something that you'd like...
Yuuji: ...I don't really have any favorite underwear, though.
Michiru: But there's some kinds you don't really like, aren't there?
Yuuji: Well... I guess.
Michiru: See?
Michiru: I spent a long time worrying about this, you know. I couldn't decide if I should get something like Sachi's... you know, a little sexier...
Yuuji: So why'd you end up picking that pair?
Michiru: Well... that kind of "adult" underwear is kinda embarrassing, you know...?
Michiru: ...And more importantly... I don't really have big boobs like Yumiko or Amane... so they probably wouldn't look too good on me.
Yuuji: I like your breasts just fine, Michiru.
Narration: *Reaching down, I touch my girlfriend's small but shapely breasts.*
Yuuji: They're just the right size for my hands, see...?
Michiru: S-Sure...
Narration: *Michiru nods, her expression a mixture of happiness and embarrassment.*
Yuuji: Michiru...
Michiru: Mmm... aah, fwah...
Narration: *As I gently begin to rub her breasts, Michiru moans softly.*
Michiru: Haaah... mmmm... mmmm, aaah... Y-Yuuji...
Yuuji: What is it, Michiru?
Michiru: Mmmm... Haaah... Y-You can... be a bit rougher, you know...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Michiru: Nhaaah... Aaaah, haaah... mmmm, aaaaah.
Narration: *When I start moving my hands a bit more forcefully, Michiru trembles in pleasure.*
Narration: *She's even more sensitive than usual today.*
Narration: *It's not like it's been that long since the last time... so I guess the novelty of doing it in a love hotel is probably part of it.*
Michiru: Haaah, mmmm... nhaaah... aaah, aaaah... fwaaah!?
Narration: *I start pinching Michiru's nipples through her bra, and her reactions become even more prononunced.*
Michiru: Mmmmm, haaah, aaaahn... Mmmm, nhaaah... my nipples feel so goooood...
Narration: *Every time I rub my fingers against them, her nipples get a little stiffer.*
Narration: *Enjoying the changes, I start to vary my pace somewhat.*
Michiru: Haaah... anh, mmm... aaah, aaaaah... mmmm... haaaah...
Michiru: Yuujiii... stop teasing me...
Yuuji: I'm not really trying to tease you, you know?
Michiru: Yes you are... every time... I think you're going to pinch them hard... you just lightly stroke them...
Narration: *I'm honestly not trying to be "mean" to Michiru, but considering how aroused she is, I suppose this isn't quite enough to be satisfying.*
Yuuji: ...You like it when I pinch them hard?
Michiru: Mmm... yeah, I do...
Yuuji: You got it.
Narration: *By now, her nipples are so hard I can see them through her bra. I pinch down on one of them a bit more forcefully than before.*
Michiru: Fwaaah! Aaaaaaah...
Narration: *Before her trembling stops, I pinch it again, and start kneading her breasts with my hands.*
Michiru: Hyaah, aaah, aaaahn! Nhaaah, aaah, aaaaaah... haah, aaaahn!
Yuuji: You look like you're enjoying yourself, Michiru...
Michiru: Mmm, haah, aaaah, aaaaaah... W-Well... aaahn! You keep rubbing... mmmm... my nipples, so... nhaaah!
Yuuji: You like having your nipples squeezed that much?
Michiru: Aaah, aaaahn... Mmm, mmmmm... Y-Yeah... Mmmm, aaah, aaaah... it feels really good... when you do that, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Then I guess I'll have to show the other one some love too.
Michiru: Nheh? Fwaaaah!? Nhaaah, aaah, aaaaah! Y-You're rubbing them both now...? Aaaahn!
Narration: *I begin alternating my attentions between Michiru's right and left breast, and her moans grow steadily louder.*
Narration: *Monitoring her reactions closely, I occasionally pause to push in her nipples.*
Michiru: Hyaah!? Mmmm, fwaah, aah, aaaaah! Th-That felt so good! Aah, aaaahn! Yuujiii... do it again...
Yuuji: Do what again? You're gonna need to be more specific.
Michiru: Mmm, mmmm... you... meanie... Mmmm, aaah... haaah... Push my... nipples in again... Hyaaah!?
Narration: *I push Michiru's nipples in the moment those words leave her mouth, and then rub them around vigorously. *
Michiru: Nhaah, aaaah, haah, aaaah! Aaahn! Haaah, aaah, aaaaah! M-My nipples feel so good! Fwaaah, aaaah!
Michiru: Haah, haaaah... mmmm, aaah, aaaaah! Yuujiiii! Nhaaah! Aaaaaaaah! Yuujiii! Haah, aaah, aaaaah! Nhaaah!
Michiru: ......!!! Haaah, aaah... Aaaaaah... mmmm! ...! ...!
Narration: *Michiru's whole body stiffens, then starts trembling an instant later.*
Narration: *The trembling continues for some time... until finally, her body goes slack and leans back against me.*
Yuuji: Did you come just from that?
Michiru: Haah, haaaah... haaah.. y-yeah...
Michiru: B-But it was only a small one, okay!?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *That doesn't really change the fact that you came... and it's not like you have to make excuses about this in the first place, right...?*
Michiru: So... umm...
Yuuji: ...? What?
Michiru: I want to... come properly next time.
Narration: *I see. So a small orgasm isn't enough, huh?*
Yuuji: All right. How do you want me to make you come?
Michiru: ...Uh, could you... touch me... down there...?
Yuuji: Not a problem.
Narration: *I glide my hand down Michiru's soft skin... and slip it inside her panties.*
Michiru: Mmmm...
Narration: *It's already pretty hot inside them.*
Narration: *Caressing her skin gently, I make my way slowly to her vagina.*
Michiru: Mmm... fwah... haah... mmmmm!
Narration: *When my fingertips brush against Michiru's lower lips, her body trembles against me.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? I've barely even touched you.
Michiru: Th-That's true... but... you... don't touch me down there that often, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Did you want me to?
Michiru: Yeah... nhaaah... ah, mmm...
Yuuji: You're pretty wet... especially considering I just played with your nipples a little.
Michiru: W-Well... I'm... even more sensitive than usual today...
Narration: *As we continue talking, I slowly make the circles I'm tracing around her entrance smaller and smaller.*
Narration: *Every time my finger passes by Michiru's pussy, I can tell it's gotten hotter and wetter.*
Michiru: Aaah... haah... mmm, mmmm... Yuujiii... touch me... someplace even better...
Yuuji: Where would that be, specifically?
Michiru: Haah... mmmm... my clitoris... or inside my pussy... mmm... you already know all my weak points... right, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Can't deny that...
Narration: *Lubricating my finger with Michiru's juices, I slowly slide it inside her vagina.*
Michiru: Nhaaah! Aaah, aaah... haaah... Aaaah...
Yuuji: Your pussy's pretty warm, Michiru.
Michiru: Yeah... it's because you're making me feel good, Yuuji...
Yuuji: You're getting wetter by the second, too...
Michiru: B-Because... I want you to make me feel even better...
Yuuji: I see. In that case...
Michiru: Fwaaah!? Aah, aaah, aaaaaaah...
Narration: *I start rubbing the wet walls of Michiru's pussy, and her body trembles in pleasure.*
Narration: *As her juices soak the tip of my finger, I start stimulating her clitoris as well.*
Michiru: Hyaaahn! Aaah, fwaaah, aaaaah, aaaaaah! T-Two... mmm... of my weak points at once...!? Aaahn!
Yuuji: You asked me to make you feel good, didn't you?
Michiru: Aaaah, haaah... mmm, mm... y-yeah... nngh! Make me feel even better...
Narration: *In response to Michiru's request, I twist and turn my finger inside her pussy, and rub her stiff clitoris more intensely.*
Michiru: Nhaaaah! Aaah, haah, aaahn! Mmmm... mmmm, haaah, aaah, aaaah!
Yuuji: Your pussy's sopping wet, Michiru.
Michiru: Aaaah, mmm, aah, aahn! Mmmm, haaah, aaaaaah! B-Because... mmmm! You keep rubbing me... where it feels good, Yuuji...! Nhaaah!
Narration: *Every time Michiru moans, her panties get a bit more soaked.*
Narration: *We don't have to worry about anyone overhearing us today, so she's being a lot louder than usual.*
Narration: *Relishing in the sweet sound of Michiru's voice, I stimulate her relentlessly.*
Michiru: Haaah, aaah, aaaaaah! Haaahn! Mmmm, haah, aaah, aaah, aaaaaah! Y-You're making me so wet, Yuuji...!
Yuuji: Is your clitoris feeling a little lonely still?
Michiru: Fwaaahn! Aaah, haah, nhaaah! I-It feeels good! Mmmm, aaaah! My clitoris feels really good too...!
Michiru: Aaah! Aaaah! Aaaaaah! Mmmm! Haaah, aaahn! Yuujiii! Mmmm, aaah, aaah! Yuujiii!
Narration: *Michiru clings onto my shirt as she calls my name over and over.*
Narration: *Judging from the tone of her voice, it's clear she's getting close to a climax.*
Yuuji: ...About to come again?
Michiru: Nhaah, aaaaah! Aaaah, haaahn! Y-Yes! Yesss! Mmmm, aaaah! You keep attacking both of my weak spots, so... mmm! I-I...
Yuuji: Want to come just like this?
Michiru: Haaah, haaah...! Yeah...!
Narration: *She gives a short reply in between moans.*
Narration: *I start rubbing her pussy and clitoris even more roughly.*
Michiru: Aaaaaah! Haaah, aaah, aaaaaaaah! Mmmm, aaaaah! Aaah! Aaaah! Yuuji! Nhaaah, aaaah! Yuujii...!
Yuuji: Go ahead and come...
Michiru: Aaah! Aaaaah! Aaaaaaaaaah! Haaah, aaaaah! Yuuji... you're making... my pussy and clit feel too good... aaah, aaaaaaaaah! I'm...! Aaaaaah!
Michiru: Aaaah! I'm comiiiiiing!!
Narration: *Michiru lets out a long squeal as she climaxes. Her body spasms in my arms.*
Michiru: ...Haaah, aaah... Aaaah, aaaah... mmmm, aaaah...
Narration: *Little by little, the tension drains from her body.*
Michiru: Haah, haaah... mmmm... haah, haaah... haaaaah...
Narration: *Still panting heavily, she looks over at me.*
Yuuji: What's up?
Michiru: Haah... haah... I'm sorry, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...? Sorry for what?
Michiru: I mean... you haven't come even once yet... but I made you get me off twice in a row...
Yuuji: Oh, that's all?
Yuuji: I wanted to make you feel good too, Michiru. Don't worry about it.
Michiru: ...Thanks, Yuuji...
Narration: *I don't really think I did anything that deserves thanks, to be honest...*
Michiru: Now it's... your turn, Yuuji.
Yuuji: ...Sure.
Narration: *For a moment, Michiru just sits there, leaning against me.*
Narration: *I doubt she wants to do it in this position... she probably just can't move after that last orgasm.*
Narration: *I gently embrace Michiru and lift her up in my arms.*
Narration: *But as I'm laying her down on the bed, she suddenly starts talking to herself.*
Michiru: ...Huh? No way, you can't do that.
Yuuji: ?
Michiru: Cause Yuuji's my boyfriend!
Yuuji: What's the matter, Michiru?
Michiru: Oh... ummm...
Narration: *As Michiru stutters, at a loss for words, the atmosphere suddenly changes.*
Michiru: I helped make your date a success today, so I was asking her to let me swap places with her for a bit.
Michiru: Hey, don't just come out on your own!
Michiru: What do you think, Yuuji-kun?
Yuuji: I don't get it. What are you asking me?
Michiru: Well, I might have my own mind, but this "body" is still Michiru's. It's not like I can go have sex with some other guy, right?
Yuuji: You have a point there.
Michiru: And, well... I am a healthy young woman... with a healthy interest in sex.
Yuuji: Hrm... I see where this is going now.
Yuuji: However, I'm Michiru's boyfriend. I can't do anything she doesn't want.
Michiru: ...Please, Michiru?
Michiru: Ugh... d-don't think you can change my mind by begging...
Michiru: Look, it's your fault I'm even interested in sex in the first place.
Michiru: Huh? What do you mean?
Michiru: It always sounds like you're really enjoying it when you're having sex with Yuuji-kun, so...
Michiru: Wait, what!? Were you listening in!?
Michiru: When you're that loud, I can't help "overhearing." I'm always right next to you, remember?
Michiru: Ugh... but you're always "sleeping" when we do it...
Michiru: In any case, it's your fault that I'm curious now... don't you think you should take responsibility?
Michiru: B-But... Yuuji's my boyfriend...
Michiru: You won't... listen to a request from your "best friend"?
Michiru: Arrrrgh...
Michiru: Michiru...
Michiru: F-Fine! But I go first, okay?
Michiru: Sure, that's acceptable.
Michiru: And... and Yuuji's MY boyfriend ok!? You can't start liking him or anything!
Michiru: I know, I know.
Michiru: O-Okay then... I'll make a special exception. Just this once.
Yuuji: ...Looks like you've reached a consensus.
Michiru: Yeah...
Narration: *She doesn't look very happy about it, though...*
Yuuji: Michiru...
Michiru: What?
Yuuji: The woman I fell in love with... is you, not anyone else.
Yuuji: You can be annoying sometimes. You're a pain in the ass. You're a pseudo-tsundere... But you're still the one and only girl I love.
Yuuji: No matter what happens, my feelings won't change.
Michiru: Yep!
Narration: *As a cheerful smile returns to Michiru's face, I lean down to kiss her.*
Michiru: Mmm... *Smack*...
Yuuji: Michiru... are you ready?
Michiru: Mmm... yeah...
Narration: *I slowly insert my dick into her warm vagina.*
Michiru: Mmmm... haah... Aaaah, aaaah... Your dick's... coming inside me, Yuuji...
Narration: *Her walls tremble and mold around my cock, welcoming me inside her.*
Narration: *The warmth and wetness of her vagina is really something else. I'm not even fully inside yet, but it feels really good.*
Michiru: Aaaah... fwa, mmm... aaaah... nhaaah! Ahaa... You're going so deep inside me, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *My penis fits perfectly inside Michiru. It's incredibly pleasant.*
Narration: *Normally I'd savor this feeling for a bit longer... but I've already been kept waiting for quite a while today. I start moving my hips immediately.*
Michiru: Nhaah, aaah... aaah. Fwaah... mmm... ehehe...
Yuuji: What's so funny?
Michiru: Oh... mmmm, aaah... I'm just... mmm... happy you started moving right away, Yuuji... nn...
Michiru: I do like it when... ngh, you just sit there inside me, but... nhaah, aaah... if you're moving right away, that means you're feeling really eager, right...?
Yuuji: Yep.
Michiru: Nhaaah... Aaaah, haah... mmmm, aaah... that... mm... makes me really happy...
Yuuji: That so? In that case I'll start moving right away from now on.
Michiru: Mmmm... you don't have to, really... aaah, mm... you can do it however you want, Yuuji...
Michiru: Haaah... mmmm, aaah... I'm just happy... I can have sex with you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Narration: *It makes me happy to hear that Michiru's putting my feelings first.*
Narration: *It's only fair that I give her plenty of love in return.*
Yuuji: Michiru...
Michiru: Fwaaah, aaah, haaah... mmmm! Aaah, aaaaah... mmm, Y-Yuujiii... Nhaaah, aaaaah... I-It feels so good...
Yuuji: Yeah, I know.
Michiru: Haaah, aaaah... Nhaah! Aaah, aaaah... Fwaaah, aaahn! Haah, haaah... Aaah, aaaaaah... Aaaaah!
Narration: *Michiru squirms and moans every time I hit her G-spot.*
Narration: *Her walls are undulating around me, making every movement feel even better.*
Michiru: Mmmm... haaah, aaah, aaah... oh no... it makes such lewd noises when you move, Yuuji... ahn!
Yuuji: Well, you keep getting wetter and wetter, so...
Michiru: Mmm... haaah, aaaah... aaah, aaaah... i-it's not my fault... nhaaah... this feels too good, Yuuji... fwaaah, aaah, aaaah!
Narration: *As I thrust deeper, Michiru's moans get noticeably louder.*
Narration: *I push up against her womb over and over, gradually increasing my speed.*
Michiru: Haah, mmm... Aaaah, aaaah... S-So deep... Nhaaah, aaaaah... You keep going so deep inside me... Nhaaah, aaah!
Yuuji: Well, I need to make sure I hit all of your favorite spots...
Michiru: Aaah, haaah, aaahn! Mmm, mmm... haaah... y-yess... mmm, aaaaah... please... nhaah, aaah... make me feel good...
Narration: *Reaching down, I start playing with Michiru's stiff clitoris even as I'm pounding into her.*
Michiru: Hyaah!? Aaah, haaah, mhaaah, aaaah, aaaaaah! Aah, aaah, aaahn!
Narration: *My two-pronged attack takes Michiru by surprise. Her vagina contracts around me.*
Narration: *As her wet walls wriggle pleasantly around my cock, I push her to even greater heights of pleasure.*
Michiru: Nhaaah, aaah, haaah, aaah! Haah, mmm, aaah! Y-Yuujiii... mmm, aaah, aaah... m-more!
Yuuji: You got it.
Michiru: Aaaahn! Haaah, aaaah, aaaah! Aaah, aaah! T-This feels sooo good...!
Michiru: Fwaah, aaah, aaaaaah! Mmmmm! Everything you do... nhaaah, aaaah... feels so good!!
Yuuji: I'm feeling pretty good myself too...
Michiru: Haah, aaah, aaaaah! R-Really? Mmm, aaah, aaah... does my pussy feel good?
Yuuji: Yeah, it's great...
Michiru: Mmmm, aaah, aaaaah! Aaaaaah! I-I feel really good too... nhaah, aaaah! Your dick feels... amazing, Yuuji!
Michiru: Aaahn! Nhaaah, aaah, aaaaah! It feels so good... fwaah, aaaah! I think... I'm gonna come!!
Yuuji: In that case...
Michiru: Mmmm... haah, aaaahn! Nnnh... Nhaaah, aaah... I-I want to come together with you...
Narration: *Taking Michiru's words as my cue, I start thrusting harder, trying to reach my own climax.*
Narration: *The movements of my hips become even more violent. Making sure to hit all of Michiru's weak points, I push my penis all the way to the depths of her vagina.*
Michiru: Nhaaah! Aaaah, haaah, aaaah, aaaaah! Haaahn! Nhaaah, aaaaah! Aaah! Aaaaaah! Fwaaah, aaaah, aaaah!
Michiru: Haaah, mmmmm, aaaah, aaaah! Yuuji! Nhaaah, aaaah! I'm gonna... aaahn... come! Mmmm, aaaaah! I'm coming!!
Yuuji: Go right ahead.
Michiru: Aaah! Aaaaah! Aaaaaah!! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah! Yuuji, you need to... come too! Aaaaah! Aaah! Aaaaaah!
Michiru: I'm comiiiing...!!!!
Yuuji: Guh!!
Narration: *I pour all of my thick white semen into Michiru's tight pussy.*
Michiru: Mmmm, haaah... haaaah, haaah... haaah... haaah... haaah...
Narration: *Michiru pants heavily as my come leaks out of her vagina and trails down her soft white skin.*
Michiru: Haaah... haaah... Yuuji...
Yuuji: What is it...?
Michiru: That was... even better than usual...
Yuuji: Was it?
Michiru: Yeah.
Narration: *Michiru's staring up at me.*
Narration: *Softly stroking her cheek, I lean in to kiss her.*
Michiru: Mmm... *smack*
Yuuji: I enjoyed that quite a bit too.
Michiru: Ehehe... well, good.
Narration: *Michiru smiles happily and pauses briefly, as if to savor the moment.*
Michiru: I'd like to stay like this with you for a while longer, but... I shouldn't keep her waiting.
Yuuji: ...You're gonna swap?
Michiru: Yep.
Michiru: Hey... Yuuji...
Yuuji: What?
Michiru: ...Be gentle with her, okay?
Yuuji: Of course.
Michiru: Mmm... all right then...
Narration: *Michiru slowly closes her eyes.*
Narration: *And then, in the instant that she opens them again...*
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *Her pussy, which had been trembling just a moment ago, suddenly clamps down tightly.*
Michiru: Mmmm....
Narration: *There's a note of pain in her voice. When I look up at her face, I find that she's frowning in discomfort.*
Narration: *This reaction...*
Yuuji: Wait... you're a virgin?
Michiru: ...! P-Please don't shout that so loudly...
Yuuji: Anyway, try to relax a little.
Michiru: Easier said than done... nngh... there's a guy's penis inside my body right now... how am I supposed to "relax"?
Narration: *The pain that usually comes with losing your virginity isn't there, but she's clearly not used to having a "foreign object" inside her.*
Narration: *She might be in Michiru's body, it's still her first time mentally...*
Yuuji: ...I'm going to try moving a little.
Michiru: What...? Wait just one... nngh!
Narration: *I slowly move my hips, but the other Michiru's frown deepens when I move even a little.*
Narration: *Her pussy clamps down on me even more tightly, but thanks to the lubrication of my semen and her own vaginal fluids, it's still not too difficult to move.*
Michiru: Mmmm... haaah, mmm... mmmm, fwah... haaah... mmmm...
Narration: *The person inside might be different, the body's the same. In that case, her sensitive spots should be right where they always are. Based on that line of reasoning, I start lightly rubbing my cock against Michiru's G-spot.*
Narration: *I start things off incredibly slowly, trying to get her to relax as much as possible.*
Michiru: Mmm... Aaah... what... is this...? Haah, mmm... it feels... weird...
Yuuji: I know you're a virgin, but I'm sure you've masturbated before, right?
Michiru: Wha...!? You idiot... you can't just... mmm! Ask a lady something like that...
Narration: *Apparently I should have kept that question to myself.*
Narration: *Michiru had been slowly loosening up, but her pussy just tightened up all over again.*
Narration: *That being said, I've at least laid the groundwork here. I should be able to pick up the pace a little.*
Michiru: Mmmm... haaah... aah, mmmm... mmm, mmmm... nhaah...
Narration: *As I start rubbing against her a little rougher, Michiru starts to moan softly.*
Yuuji: Well? What do you think of sex so far?
Michiru: Aaah, fwa... mmm... I'm not really sure yet...
Michiru: I'm still not used to having you inside me, Yuuji-kun... mmmm... so I can't quite enjoy it as much as Michiru does...
Yuuji: Don't worry, I'll be making you feel good soon enough.
Michiru: Ah, um... I-I see...
Narration: *Heh. She's normally so aloof... kind of funny to see her blushing like this...*
Michiru: Mmm... haah, fwah... mmmm, aah?
Yuuji: Something the matter?
Michiru: Mmm...Well, I just felt a strange tingling just now...
Yuuji: Ah. Sounds like you've finally started feeling it.
Michiru: Uhh...feeling it? Was that pleasure just now...?
Yuuji: That's right.
Narration: *I keep rubbing my dick inside her as I answer.*
Michiru: Nhaaah...
Yuuji: Right now... you're feeling sexual pleasure.
Michiru: Haah... fwah... I see... mmm... aah... aaaah...
Narration: *They share a single body, but the way their pussies move is actually pretty different.*
Narration: *Little by little, I begin picking up the pace of my thrusts.*
Michiru: Mmm... haah... aah... aaah... mmmm... It feels like... my pussy's getting warmer...
Yuuji: Hrm. Never thought I'd heard the word "pussy" come out of your mouth... guess you like talking dirty?
Michiru: ...!? O-Oh, come on! Michiru always says it, that's all... it's not like I...
Yuuji: ...Well, let's put that aside for now.
Yuuji: I'm gonna start going in deeper, all right?
Michiru: Huh...? Mmmm! Haaah... Fwah, mmmm... mmmmm... uwaah... this is amazing... Mmm... You're going... deeper and deeper inside me, Yuuji-kun...
Narration: *Parting the soft walls of her vagina with the head of my cock, I push my way further inside her.*
Narration: *Eventually I finally reach Michiru's other weak spot... the entrance to her womb.*
Michiru: Fwaah!! Fwah...? That tingling feeling is getting... much stronger now...
Yuuji: Hrm, I see. So you like it deep too...
Michiru: Huh... like it deep...? Nhaah! Aaah... Aah, aaaaaah... haah... Aaaaah...
Narration: *The wrinkles in Michiru's forehead completely vanish as I gently rub against the deepest part of her vagina. Her moans have a sensual tinge to them now.*
Yuuji: How's that? Have your thoughts on sex changed a little?
Michiru: Mmm... haah aaah... aaaaah... Y-Yeah... it kinda feels like my whole body is melting... Nhaah... I had no idea it felt this good... Mmmm!!
Narration: *We're not even at the good part yet... but I guess I'll let her find that out for herself.*
Michiru: Haaah... nhaaah... aaah, aaaah... mmm... so Michiru does something this enjoyable all the time, huh...?
Yuuji: You're starting to get pretty damn wet, you know...
Michiru: ...!? P-Please don't say that... it's embarrassing...
Yuuji: I'm gonna speed up a little now.
Michiru: Are you even listening to― nhaaaah! Aaah, haah, aaahn!
Michiru: Haaah... mmmm, aaaah... w-what is this? Does it get even better...? Mmmm!
Yuuji: Really enjoying yourself now, aren't you?
Michiru: Wha...! Mmmm... haaah, aaaah... P-Please don't ask me that...
Yuuji: That sounds like a 'yes' to me.
Michiru: ...!! I-Idiot...
Yuuji: It's nothing to be embarrassed about. The whole point of this is making each other feel good.
Michiru: ...!
Narration: *Michiru's so embarrassed that her body actually grows a little hotter... and her pussy with it, of course.*
Narration: *Enjoying the pleasant warmth of her vagina, I gradually speed up my movements further.*
Michiru: Nhaah, aaah, haaah... aaah! Haah... mmmm, aaah, aaaaaah... mmmm! N-Not...that...
Yuuji: Not what? Mind being more specific?
Michiru: Aahh, ahh... haah, mmm! Y-You're moving your hips... mmmm...
Yuuji: I was moving my hips before too, you know? Why's that a problem now...?
Michiru: Haah, aaah, aaaaah... Y-Yuuji-kun... Mmm... you changed how you're moving, didn't you?
Yuuji: Yeah, that I did.
Michiru: Mmm... haah, aaah, aaaaah... every time you move... mmm... it makes a lewd sound... mmm... nhaah... it's not fair of you to embarrass me like that...
Yuuji: What, is that all...?
Yuuji: You know, the reason you're hearing that squelching sound isn't because of anything I did. It's because you're just that wet now.
Michiru: Mmmm, aaah... th-that's not true... mmm!
Yuuji: Yes it is. If you don't believe me, look at the sheets.
Narration: *Startled, Michiru looks down at the bed.*
Narration: *There's a huge liquid stain on the sheets below her.*
Michiru: Aaaaah... I-I'm... wet enough... to make a puddle that big...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Just goes to show how much you're feeling it right now.
Michiru: Nhaah! Aah, aaaaah! Nooo, not so rough! Aaahn! Mmmm, nhaaah... listen to meee... mmm!!
Yuuji: Why can't I be rough?
Michiru: Haaah, aaah, aaah... b-because... Mmm! Aaah... it makes the noises even louder... Aaahn! And that's embarrassing...
Yuuji: But it feels better this way, doesn't it?
Michiru: Mmmm, aaaah... Haah, aaaahn! Th-That's... nmm, mmm... true, but...
Yuuji: Then I don't see the problem here.
Michiru: Fwaaah! Aaah, haaah, aaaaaah! Noo, that's too rough...! Nhaah, aaah, aaaaah!
Narration: *Every time I thrust into her tight little pussy, my own pleasure rises as well.*
Narration: *She's squeezing down on me so much more tightly than the "other" Michiru that I'm not sure I can last much longer.*
Michiru: Haaah, aaah, aaaaah, aaah! I-It feels so good... I think I'm going to go crazy!
Yuuji: No one's looking. You can go as crazy as you want.
Michiru: Aaaah, aaah, aaaah! Nhaaah! Th-That's easy for you to say... mmmm! Haah, aaahn! If it gets any better than this... I feel like I'm gonna explode...!
Yuuji: Nothing to be afraid of. That's what we call coming.
Michiru: Mmmm, haah, aaah... coming...? Nhaah! Aah, aaah! Is that what you call it when... Michiru goes all limp at the end...?
Yuuji: Yep, that's right.
Michiru: Aah, aaaah! Aaaaaah! I-I see... mmm, fwaaah, aaaah! I'm feeling so good... that's about to happen to me...? Ah, aaaaaaah...
Michiru: Mmmm! Haah, aaah! Aaah, aaaahn! Mmm... haah, aaaah, aaaah, aaah! Nnhaah, aaah, aaaaah!
Narration: *Apparently reassured somewhat, Michiru's stiff face grows somewhat relaxed.*
Narration: *I thrust into her womb over and over, pushing her further toward the edge.*
Michiru: Fwaaah, aaah! Aaah, haaah, aaaaaah! Mmmmm! Aaah, aaaaaah! Aaaah! Nhaah! Aaaaah!!
Michiru: Nhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!!**
Narration: *As Michiru climaxes, she tightly squeezes around my dick, forcing me to come as well.*
Michiru: Nhaah!? Aah, aaaaah!? Wh-What's this? Mmmm... there's something hot pouring... out inside me... mmmm!
Yuuji: Yeah. I just came, too.
Michiru: Aaaaah... Haaah, aaahh... so then... this is... s-semen?
Yuuji: Correct.
Michiru: Mmmm... Haaah... I-I see... I didn't know it was so hot... mmm!
Narration: *She hasn't finished coming yet, but Michiru still tries to move.*
Narration: *Naturally, her overly-sensitive body reacts to even the slightest movements, leaving her trembling with pleasure.*
Michiru: I only tried to move a little... but it felt so good...
Yuuji: Probably best to stay still until you calm down again.
Michiru: Okay...
Narration: *Relaxing, she sinks back down into the bed.*
Yuuji: ...So what did you think? Did sex live up to your expectations?
Michiru: Hmmm... yes, I'd say so. I might make a habit out of this...
Michiru: Excuse me!? That's not an option!
Michiru: I don't see the problem. I'm sure Yuuji-kun wouldn't mind sampling a different 'flavor' every now and again.
Michiru: No way! No way in hell!
Michiru: If you always try to have things your way, your boyfriend's going to get sick of you. I'm just trying to help you out by spicing things up a little.
Michiru: Well, I don't need your help!
Michiru: It's not like I'm trying to take Yuuji-kun for myself. I really don't see the problem here.
Michiru: And anyway... Yuuji-kun told you his feelings wouldn't change, no matter what.
Michiru: Are you saying you don't believe him, Michiru?
Michiru: That's not it at all!
Michiru: Then there really shouldn't be a problem with him having sex with me.
Narration: *...So much for basking in the afterglow...*
Michiru: It looks like Michiru's given her permission. How about we go another round Yuuji-kun?
Michiru: What!? I never said that!
Michiru: If want to go again, Yuuji, you have to do it with me!
Michiru: You already gotten off three times, Michiru. I've still only come once, you know?
Yuuji: This bickering's getting tiresome. I'll just fuck the both of you at once.
Narration: *Grabbing Michiru by the waist, I interrupt her argument by thrusting my cock deeply into her vagina.*
Michiru: Fwaaaah!! Aah, aaaah... you're so deep inside me, Yuuji...!
Michiru: Mmmm, haah, aaaah... you're right... Aaahn! It's all the way in...!
Michiru: Haaah, mmm... Yeah, well... Yuuji's dick belongs to me, you got that...?
Narration: *As if to emphasize the point, Michiru shoves her ass back toward me, pushing my cock even deeper inside her.*
Michiru: Nhaah! Aah, aaaaah! A-Amazing...! You're lifting me up from the inside, Yuuji-kun...!
Michiru: Aaah, aaaahn! Mmmm, haah... Aaah... Y-Yuujii... More! 
Narration: *As requested, I push even deeper inside Michiru.*
Michiru: Mmmm! Aah, haaah, aaah, aaaaaah! You're rubbing right where it feels the best, Yuuji-kun... aahn!
Michiru: Haaah... haaah, aaah, aaah! It keeps hitting so deep inside me...! It feels so good...!
Michiru: Aaah, aaah! Aaahn! T-This is even better than before... aaah! It feels like my body is melting!
Narration: *Michiru's pretty sensitive already. Probably because it hasn't been that long since her last orgasm.*
Narration: *Every time the Michirus swap out, the way her pussy feels changes dramatically. The unpredictability adds a new level to the pleasure.*
Michiru: Mmm, mmmmmm! I want you to feel good too, Yuuji... mmm!
Michiru: Fwaah, aaah, aaaaah! Wh-What is this...? It feels like you're rubbing me even harder, Yuuji-kun...
Yuuji: That's because you tightened up your pussy...
Michiru: Haah, aaaah, nhaah... are you enjoying that, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: Yeah it does...
Michiru: Mmmm, haaah... aaah, aaah, aaaah... m-me too...Mmmmm!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!!**
Narration: *I let out an involuntary groan as the stimulation increases.*
Michiru: Haah, haaah... Yuuji, is it me that's making you feel better, or... nhaah!? Aaah! Aaah! Aaaah!
Michiru: Nhaah! Aaaah! N-Not so rough, Yuuji-kun! Aaah, aaah, aaahn!
Yuuji: I said I'd do you both at once, didn't I? Stop worrying about it.
Michiru: Haaahn! Mmmm, aaah, aaah! Y-Yuuji... you're churning up my insides...!
Michiru: Aaaah, haanh, aaah! A-Amazing! Mmmm... oh geez... the noises are even louder than before...!
Michiru: Mmmm, aaah, aaah! Nooo, that's embarrassing... aaahn! But it feels so good...!
Michiru: Haaah, aaaah Nhaaah! M-My pussy is so hot... mmm! And it keeps getting wetter...!
Michiru: Mmm, fwah... haaah, aaah, aaaaah! Is that because I'm feeling good... or because she is...? Mmm!
Yuuji: I'd say it's both of you.
Michiru: Fwaaah, aaaah, aaah! A-Again? So rough...! Mmm, aaah! It feels so good when you thrust that deep...!
Michiru: Mmm, haah, aaah, aaaah! Yuuji! More... Aaaahn! More!
Michiru: Nhaaaaah! S-So deep! Nhaah, aaaah... amazing... you're lifting me up with the force... aaahn!
Michiru: Aaaah, aaah! Aaaaaaah! Mmm... I'm gonna come!
Yuuji: Unbelievable. You keep asking for more, but you're already about to come?
Michiru: Mmmm! Haah... Aaah! Aaah! I-It's not my fault... whenever I switch back in... hyaah, aaah... you're in the middle of thrusting into me... and it feels so good...
Michiru: Fwaah, aaah, aaaah! N-No more...! Mmmm, aaaah! I'm about to come!
Yuuji: You too, huh?
Michiru: Mmmm, haaah... Aaaah! Aaah! Aaah! I-It just... aaahn... feels too good... Aaah, aaaah!
Yuuji: Alright then...let's get you two off.
Michiru: Aaah! Aaah! Aaaaah! Nhaaaah! Aaaah, haaaahn! Aaaah! Aaaah! Fwaah, aaaah! Aaaaaaah!
Michiru: Mmmm! Haah, aaaaah! Aaaah! Mmmm... Haaah, aaaah, aaahn! Mmmm, nhaaah! Aaaah! Aaaah!
Michiru: Aaaah! Nhaaaah! Aaaaah! Y-Yuuji! I-I'm... Mmmm! Haah, aaaahn! I'm coming!
Michiru: Mmmm, haah...Fwaaah!! Aaah, aaaaah! M-Me too! Nhaaah, aaaah! I'm... coming...!
"Michiru": I'm coooooming!!!!!!!!
Yuuji: Guh!!
Narration: *Both Michirus moan simultaneously, and their combined orgasm pushes me over the edge as well.*
Michiru: Fwaah! Aaahn! Mmmm! There's so much... hot come...
Michiru: Nhaah, aaaah! Your semen's... pouring all over me, Yuuji-kun...
Narration: *My dick slides out of Michiru's slippery pussy as I come, and I cover her flushed skin with my semen.*
Michiru: Haaah... haah... mmmm... Yuuji's semen... Ehehe...
Michiru: Mmm... haah... haaah... I didn't realize it was this sticky...
Michiru: Hmph... all of that belongs to me, just for the record...
Michiru: This again...?
Michiru: I-I... just don't want to let anyone take Yuuji away from me...
Narration: *As she murmurs those words, Michiru tries to pick herself up off the bed.*
Narration: *However―*
Michiru: H-Huh...?
Michiru: What the...? I can't seem to move my body...
Yuuji: After coming that many times, it's only natural.
Michiru: Oh, right...
Narration: *I'm pretty tired both physically and mentally myself. Having sex with two people in one body's downright exhausting... don't think I want to move for a while.*
Yuuji: Seeing how tired we are, why don't we just stay the night?
Michiru: Huh? Really!? Let's do it! But, uh, won't we get in trouble...?
Yuuji: Don't worry about that. It'll work out somehow.
Michiru: We're staying out, huh...? That's a first... hehehehe.
Michiru: Wanna go another round later?
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *For someone with no physical stamina, you sure have a lot of spunk...*

Narration: *―The word "marriage" only entered my vocabulary fairly recently.*
Narration: *Naturally, my potential bride would be Suou Amane.*
Narration: *"Why don't we get married after we graduate from Mihama?"*
Narration: *While I was a bit vague on the details, there's no doubt that I spoke those words to Amane. And since then, I've been thinking pretty seriously about the future.*
Narration: *First and foremost, I've got to have money and a decent job. I'm sure Amane's parents would prefer to marry her off to someone they can trust to provide for her.*
Narration: *And if I'm actually going to call myself her husband... I want to make sure she can put whatever she needs in her shopping cart without worrying too much about the price tags.*
Narration: *Lately, I've actually begun depositing my pay from the "company" with Amane and allowing her to manage it.*
Narration: *Using that money, she's been buying everything I need - from my food to my underwear and other daily necessities - while providing me with a steady allowance of 3000 yen per day.*
Narration: *Not counting from the hundred thousand I've got in my emergency "slush fund," my wallet's always got around twelve to thirteen thousand yen in it...*
Narration: *And whenever that number dips below ten grand, I soon find it's been replenished. It's pretty damn convenient, honestly. A wife who's good with money is a valuable thing.*
Narration: *Maybe I shouldn't be comparing Amane with other women, but my master rarely even carried a wallet, leaving me to take care of everything...*
Narration: *And JB's careless enough with her spending that I sometimes wonder if she's even aware "small bills" actually exist.*
Narration: *...I still remember the way she used to leave me three ten-thousand yen bills with a note that read "use this to buy yourself a lunch."*
Narration: *With standards of comparison like those, I'm all the more grateful for Amane's relatively reasonable attitude when it comes to money.*
Narration: *It's been three months now since March, when Amane graduated from Mihama.*
Narration: *She's already signed the lease on an apartment in the neighborhood, and she's moving a bit more of her stuff over there day by day, but the process is really dragging on.*
Narration: *It seems she was invited to stay on permanently as a "dorm mother" at Mihama, but her parents aren't too enthusiastic about the idea.*
Narration: *Honestly, I'm sure they want her to move back home now that she's graduated... But given everything that happened before, they can't exactly force that choice on her. It must be fairly frustrating for them.*
Narration: *With all that in mind, Amane's planning to head home fairly soon for a thorough talk with her folks.*
Narration: *She's also hoping to have me tag along so I can formally introduce myself to her father, if at all possible.*
Narration: *I've actually been to that house twice already, but I didn't get to meet the man on either of my previous visits.*
Narration: *In fact, it seemed like he was avoiding me - using vaguely plausible excuses like "a busy week at work" and "a meeting with my association."*
Narration: *Amane's mother ended up bowing to me in apology both times. It was honestly more than a little awkward.*
Narration: *This time, Amane's pretty determined to get the better of her old man. It sounds like she's working out a plan in coordination with her mother, but for the moment, we're still waiting for an opportunity.*
Yuuji: ...Hm...?
Narration: *As I make my way into the courtyard of Mihama Academy, my nose picks up the scent of food wafting from the direction of our dormitory.*
Narration: *Glancing down at my wristwatch, I realize it's about time for dinner. Amane's hard at work, presumably. Nothing surprising about that.*
Narration: *Judging from the appetizing smell in the air, I think we'll be having something with meat tonight.*
Narration: *That reminds me, though... there's something I've been wondering about for quite a while now.*
Narration: *I'm not much of a carnivore by nature, but every once in a while, I do find myself craving a little meat.*
Narration: *And on those days, without fail, I always find some on my dinner plate.*
Narration: *It's not because I told Amane what I wanted in advance, either.*
Narration: *I don't have to say anything at all, and she still gives me what I want. It's downright bizarre.*
Narration: *I'm tempted to suspect the woman's actually some kind of psychic...*
Narration: *But to date, I haven't noticed her accidentally bending a spoon with her mind while we're eating curry.*
Amane: Oh. Welcome home, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm back...
Narration: *As I return to my room, Amane comes out to greet me with a smile.*
Narration: *Slightly surprised by how natural all this feels to me, I deposit my empty lunchbox into her outstretched hands.*
Amane: What did you like best?
Yuuji: Let's see... the crab croquettes were good.
Amane: Oh yeah? I'll put some more in there one of these days, then.
Yuuji: Okay.
Amane: What now? Want to take a bath?
Yuuji: No, I'm pretty hungry. Let's eat first.
Amane: Mm, got it. It'll be ready soon, so go get changed.
Yuuji: Okay. No need to rush.
Amane: It's salisbury steak tonight. That okay with you?
Yuuji: ......
Amane: Huh? Is that a no? I can always toss something else together...
Yuuji: No, that's not it. Tell me something, Amane... why do you always know exactly what I want to eat?
Amane: Hmmm?
Amane: So you haven't caught on yet? Well, I guess that makes sense...
Yuuji: What are you talking about?
Amane: Uhm, it's not like I can magically predict what you want to eat, okay? I'm just planning out your menu well in advance so that you'll crave certain things on certain days.
Yuuji: ......
Amane: After eating something sweet, you'll start to want something sour. I've set up a rotation based on a bunch of patterns like that.
Yuuji: ...I had no idea...
Amane: Well, I've been doing a bit of fine-tuning, too.
Yuuji: Fine-tuning...?
Amane: Yep, that's right.
Amane: Not sure if you know this either, but... when you're really enjoying something, you tend to say "this is good" as you eat. But when you're not into it, you usually eat in silence.
Yuuji: Really...?
Amane: When I actually ask "Do you like that?" you always say it's delicious... But I can see it on your face when you'd rather have had some meat, or a lighter meal, or whatever.
Amane: So anyway, I've been keeping a close eye on the way you eat and fine-tuning the plan based on that. Unlike Makina, you don't really buy snacks outside or anything, so you're usually pretty easy to predict.
Yuuji: ...So that's how it is...
Narration: *Given that her family runs a Japanese restaurant, maybe it's not that outlandish that she can tell what my impressions are just from the look on my face. *
Yuuji: ...You're really something, Amane.
Amane: I know, right? Aren't you glad I'm your girlfriend?
Narration: *The woman certainly doesn't hesitate to sing her own praises, but I can't deny I'm in complete agreement.*
Narration: *When I head back to my room after a day in the field, Amane's always waiting for me with a hot meal. That's something I'm genuinely grateful for.*
Date: *June 19, 2012, 20:31 - School Dormitory*
Amane: Hmm hmm hmm, hmm hmm...
Narration: *With dinner behind us, I'm waiting around for my turn in the bath while sipping on some cold tea... And Amane's merrily ironing our clothes while humming some odd little tune to herself.*
Narration: *Gazing at her pleasantly curvy body from behind, I find myself filled with warm feelings that are more affectionate than sexual.*
Narration: *I'm not sure myself exactly where these emotions are coming from, but... For me, there's something very special about these small, happy moments of peaceful―*
Makina: I'm tellin' ya, there ain't no greater luxury than a bath for us stinky ol' submariners!!!
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Yeah... got to savor those moments of peace...
Makina: Hwoh? Somethin' wrong?
Yuuji: Just talking to myself. Is the bath free?
Makina: Yep, it's wide open. You guys are th' only ones who haven't used it yet, so knock yerselves out!
Amane: Hm? Wait, are you on your own, Makina? Where's Sacchan?
Makina: Nwo? I took my bath with Chiruchiru today, not Sacchin.
Amane: You went in with Michiru!? Wow, that's unusual... I'm a little surprised she even agreed, actually...
Makina: It weren't eggs-actly tough. I just grasped her sleeve an' looked up into her eyes, then hit her with the ol' "Can't we go in together?"
Makina: Her heart totally skipped a beat! She's all like "Guh... f-fine then, if you insist," ya know? Straight inta tsundere mode! Women sure are simple.
Amane: Gaaah... you're just getting better and better at manipulating people, aren't you...?
Yuuji: Well, what did you expect...?
Narration: *...She's picking it up from you, Amane...*
Makina: So anyhoo, I got Chiruchiru ta wash my hair for me! She's surprisin'ly nice sometimes, ya know?
Amane: Did you say thank you?
Makina: Welp, of course! Not only did I thank her, we had a nice discussion about why her boobs ain't gettin' any bigger!
Amane: ...What?
Makina: Also, they're supposed ta get bigger when someone squeezes 'em, right? So I gave them hooters a few honks!
Amane: I see. You squeezed them, huh...?
Makina: And that's when th' thought hit me! "Ooh... if I had a dick, I could totally bang this chick here an' now!"
Amane: Don't go around "banging" people, please...
Makina: Should I keep goin'? I can describe my fantasies in more detail.
Amane: I really don't want to hear them...
Makina: Uwoh? That a fact? What a cryin' shame.
Makina: In any case, th' bath's ready and waitin', so go take a soak already.
Amane: Hmm. I think I'll go after I finish with the ironing. Why don't you get in first, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Mm. Okay...
Amane: Ah! Hey! Wait a sec! You do understand, right!? I'll be up later! Don't get out before me!
Yuuji: Yeah, I know...
Amane: Also, don't go letting any other girls wash your dick! That's my job, capiche!?
Yuuji: ......
Amane: Uh, why aren't you saying anything...? And what's with that totally fed-up look on your face?
Yuuji: *Sigh*... Try not to keep me waiting too long, all right?
Amane: ...Hrrrm... now I'm kind of worried... What if he runs into Sacchan in the hallway or something...?
Sachi: ...Ah, Kazami-san. Is it time for your daily ablutions?
Yuuji: Indeed.
Sachi: In that case, uhm... would you care to have me wash your body? I could put these sweet cherry lips to work, if you're in need of a little hubba-wubba...
Yuuji: Hubba-wubba, eh...? Sounds appealing...
Sachi: Oh, yes. Hubba-wubba does the body good!
Yuuji: Well, Amane did say she won't be coming up for a while... would you mind, Sachi?
Sachi: Oh, it would be my pleasure.♪
Amane: She totally might do that, right!? What if he just takes her up on the hubba-wubba thing!?
Makina: Yer such a worrywart, Ama-nee. I know Onii-chan's got his fetishes, but do ya really think he'd wanna make our maid give him a blowjob in the bath?
Makina: ...Uh, wait. That ac'shully... sounds kinda plausible...
Amane: ...Yuuuujiiiii!!
Makina: Whoa! Hey, Ama-nee! Calm down, will ya!? Where do ya think you're goin'!?
Amane: L-Lemme go!! Yuuji's mine!! All mine!!
Makina: Heeey!! Waaah!! C'mooon!!
Makina: Yowww! Geez, this woman's crazy strong! What about yer ironin'!?
Amane: Oh! Right, the iron! I gotta shut it off before I go! Can't run up the electricity bill!
Makina: That ain't th' issue here, right? Just calm th' heck down fer a sec. Sheesh... this must be what it feels like ta take a rambunctious Great Dane out fer a walk...
Amane: Uuu... but...
Makina: No buts! Everyone decided not ta make any moves on Onii-chan at th' last meeting, right?
Amane: I mean... yeah... that's true...
Makina: I swear. Fer such a big lady, ya sure can be a total wimp sometimes.
Amane: Well, come on... that meeting the other day kinda ended up going in some weird directions, you know...?
Makina: Hmm... right, the meeting...
K-Mine: ...Uhm, I know it's a bit presumptuous for someone with no experience whatsoever to comment... but would you allow me to express my opinion...?
A-Ne: Uhh, sure... the floor recognizes Comrade K-Mine...
K-Mine: ...Well then, might I humbly suggest "Peni-juice"?
A-Ne: Peni-juice...? Does that sound erotic to you?
K-Mine: Well, not exactly... but I believe using a somewhat ridiculous new term might serve to nicely emphasize your obsession with sex...
M-Chiru: You're so wrong! A-Ne's a horny girl with big boobs, right? That means she's gotta act all embarrassed and use a cutesy word like "penis-milk"! The element of surprise would be killer!
A-Ne: Ooh... I think I know what you're talking about. What do they call that again? You know... that.
Y-Miko: *Sigh*... "Gap moe"...?
A-Ne: Yeah! That's it! It's something like that, right!?
Y-Miko: S-Ou-san... could you please use some actual nouns in your sentences...?
M-Kina: A-Nee's basically an old lady from Kansai, ya know? Just deal with it.
Y-Miko: ...In the first place... why exactly am I being forced to participate in this ludicrous meeting?
K-Mine: It isn't ludicrous in the slightest.
K-Mine: Today's topic is "S-Ou A-Ne and K-Zami Y-Ji: Marriage on the Horizon? Integrating Perspectives and Policy Solutions"... And we're seeking a vigorous and multilateral exchange of opinions on the issues at hand.
Y-Miko: So why are we debating how she should refer to seminal fluid...?
M-Kina: Well, she wanted ta know how to keep him from cheatin' on her, right? Like, how to become a perpetually captivatin' woman...
M-Chiru: And there's only one kind of girl a man never gets bored of... namely, the tsundere! 
K-Mine: ...*Sigh*... You certainly are persistent...
M-Kina: Seriously, what a loada crap. Ya trip over a tsundere every time ya walk around th' block these days...
M-Chiru: Well, so what!? That just means that tsundere's become the new gl... gl... glowbull...?
K-Mine: ..."Global standard"...?
M-Chiru: Right! Exactly! Everyone wants to be a tsundere now, right!? That doesn't change how awesome it is!
M-Chiru: It's like a trusty oil lighter! Never changes! Always reliable! Before you know it, you've chosen one! Tsundere: the brand you can trust!
M-Chiru: Wh-What the heck!? If you wanted to come, why didn't you just pump your penis-milk right into me!?
M-Chiru: Don't get the wrong idea, though! It's not like I want your baby or anything! But I kinda do! ...See? How'd you like that!?
K-Mine: My, a 9-to-1 tsun to dere ratio... you're getting better at this, M-Chiru-sama...
M-Chiru: Heheh... I practiced that line seven times or so this morning! Totally nailed it, right!?
A-Ne: Seven times...? Seriously? And why "or so"...? 
M-Kina: I betcha she started gettin' bored after five reps, yeah? Told herself she'd at least get to ten... then threw in th' towel somewhere around seven.
M-Chiru: Shaddup, you! Were you spying on me or something!?
M-Chiru: Anyway, it's fine! Too much practice just makes the lines come out less naturally! A pro tsundere's gotta know how to improvise!
Y-Miko: I must say, the tsundere way of life sounds rather haphazard...
M-Chiru: Excuse me!? You're fundamentally a tsundere yourself, remember!?
M-Kina: Don't be a friggin' dingbat, girl! Y-Mi-chan's kuudere to th' core!
Y-Miko: ...I really don't care... In fact, I'd really appreciate it if you stopped trying to classify me altogether.
A-Ne: ...Uh, listen... I'm happy you guys are willing to have a discussion about me and Y-Ji, but why did it turn into this...?
K-Mine: Please rest assured, A-ne-san... we're all taking part in this forum solely because we want to ensure your future with K-Zami-san is a happy one. We're certainly not motivated by a desire to amuse ourselves at your expense...
M-Kina: Yep, fer sure! Ain't like we're feedin' ya weird advice with th' thought "If she gets dumped, maybe I'll be next in line" in th' back of our minds!
A-Ne: ...Huh? Wait...
M-Chiru: D-Don't worry! Nobody thinks Y-Ji might end up going for a genuine tsundere in the end or anything!!
A-Ne: Huh? No way... huh? Are you all... my enemies...? Wait... S-Kaki-san!?
Y-Miko: D-Don't look at me! From the very start, I made it clear that I neither approved of nor objected to your relationship...
A-Ne: ...Uhhh... whaaaat...? So you're all hoping I break up with Y-Ji, then!?
M-Chiru: Th-That's not true at all! We're all friends... no, uh, comrades! Right?
A-Ne: I don't buy that for a second!! Uh... listen, everyone, remember why we've got these masks on!? Let's all be brutally honest, okay!?
A-Ne: On that note! If we're all "comrades" here, why is one of us so obviously out of sync!? Like, just costume-wise!
M-Kina: Say what!? Where's this no-good bum hidin'!?
A-Ne: I'm talkin' about you, squid!! 
M-Kina: Squwuh!?
A-Ne: ...Okay, everyone... let me ask you this one more time... Are you all against my relationship with Y-Ji?
K-Mine: Er, no... it's not that any of us are opposed, exactly...
A-Ne: Just spit it out already! I can handle the truth!
K-Mine: ...Very well then. Allow me to express my feelings candidly.
K-Mine: To be frank, there's a part of me that's been... somewhat bitter about the way you wormed your way into a lonely young man's heart using your womanly wiles... In fact, my resentment on that point hasn't quite faded yet...
K-Mine: But at the same time, given your numerous charms, I do understand why K-Zami-san would choose you as his girlfriend...
K-Mine: You're also quite skilled in the kitchen, A-ne-san... and considerate about even the smallest of things...
M-Kina: Yeah, she's darn good at spoilin' people. And above all else, she's got big boobs an' some meat on her bones! When it comes ta titties and plastic model boxes, dudes always want the biggest ones they can get, ya know?
A-Ne: Ahahaha... okay, guys... it really doesn't feel like you're complimenting me...
M-Kina: Welp, all that said... we HAVE spent some time talkin' about our plans ta seduce him.
A-Ne: ...Whaaat!?
M-Kina: O-Nii-chan's a pretty simple dude at heart, ya know? How do ya think he'd react if a cute little thing like me were ta jump on top of him?
M-Kina: All I'd hafta do is whisper "Pwease fuck my pussy..." in his ear, an' he'd probly pop a stiffy! Am I right?
K-Mine: ......
M-Kina: ...What's with th' cold shoulder? I'm talkin' ta you, S-Chin.
K-Mine: This really isn't the time, M-Ki-chan...
M-Kina: What the heck? We were just talkin' about this yesterday while we shared a popsicle down by th' convenience store! Remember our plan ta pull him into th' bushes in the courtyard?
M-Kina: You were gonna pin his shoulders down so I could get him hard with a little blowjob an' then screw him silly, remember? 
K-Mine: ...I have no memory of any such conversation...
M-Kina: Yer lyin'!
M-Kina: Once he came, I was gonna switch to squattin' over him an' rubbin' my pussy in his face! Then you'd take yer turn ridin' his dick until he came inside ya! We were both gonna get preggers an' make him take responsibility!
M-Kina: We got so pumped up about it, we were clenchin' our fists and snortin' through our noses!!
K-Mine: ...My secretary did this without my knowledge...
M-Kina: Who th' heck are ya tryin' to fool with that crap...?
M-Chiru: ...C-Come on! Seriously, you guys!? If you were working out a plan like that, why didn't you include me!?
Y-Miko: That's really not the problem here, is it!?
M-Kina: Whoh? That mean ya don't want in on this, Y-Mi-chan?
Y-Miko: ......
K-Mine: ...She's gone silent all of a sudden...
M-Kina: Not sure what to do, huh? Might as well just go for it, then! If ya apologize right now, we'll let ya join us.
M-Chiru: ...Wait a second... you're letting me in on this too, right?
M-Kina: Meh, if ya insist... Yer third in line, though!
M-Chiru: ...F-Fine, whatever...
K-Mine: What about you, S-Kaki-san?
Y-Miko: Th-This whole thing is absurd...
M-Kina: There's only one K-Zami Y-Ji, ya know...? When we only had one of a toy in my old hospital, everyone took turns playin' with it. The doctor said that's th' best system.
Y-Miko: That's completely different!!
M-Kina: What's so different? Anyhoo, if ya can't get along with everyone, we won't let ya borrow our O-Nii-chan!
Y-Miko: ...Er... wait... it's almost starting to feel like I'm the unreasonable one here...
K-Mine: Well, we won't force you to participate. However, you'll eventually be the only virgin left in this entire school...
Y-Miko: ...Uu... b-but...
Y-Miko: R-Right! The principal! The principal would never tolerate such depraved behavior on her campus! She'll put a stop to this!
K-Mine: ...Regrettably, Miss T-Chibana C-Zuru couldn't join us today because of her busy schedule. However, I was authorized to issue this statement on her behalf...
Y-Miko: Wh-What the...!?
Narration: *"Let's all get along!   Here's hoping for a fun-filled future for our school!   - By T-Chibana C-Zuru"*
K-Mine: ...As I'm sure you can see, we've received tacit approval from the top... 
Y-Miko: Guh... this can't be happening!
M-Chiru: Y-Miko... just give up already, why don't you? This is your chance to go "dere." It's not too late to start being honest with yourself! ou can still slide safely into home plate as Lover Number Six!
Y-Miko: ....Number... Six...?
M-Kina: I'm Number Two!
K-Mine: ...And I would be Number Three...
M-Chiru: I'm Number Four!
M-Kina: And C-Zuru is Number Five! Who's gonna claim the final spot!?
Y-Miko: ...Number Six... You expect me, of all people, to be "Number Six"? Never... If nothing else, I have my pride...
K-Mine: ...As I said, we won't force you to participate.
M-Kina: Well, whatever. Keep bein' stubborn, fer all I care. Go spend th' rest of your life rubbin' yer pussy to porn ya downloaded off th' internet like a big ol' loser...
M-Kina: But we're gonna fuck O-Nii-chan's brains out an' get preggers! And it's gonna be awesome!
Y-Miko: ...Guh...!
K-Mine: Would you rather have a boy or a girl, M-Ki-chan? I think I'd like a boy myself...
M-Kina: Ooh! Yeah, I want me a boy too! I'll name him Dan... Dan Irisu! That's perfect!
M-Chiru: Uh, why "Dan"...?
M-Kina: No reason. Just felt like a weird-ass name would be appropriate, ya know...?
M-Chiru: ...I'm seriously grateful I wasn't born as your child...
M-Kina: That ain't nice! And what's YOUR opinion on th' matter at hand, M-Chiruchiru!?
M-Chiru: Wait, "M-Chiruchiru"...? These names are getting more and more obvious. Not that I really care...
M-Chiru: A-Anyway, uhm... let's see... I think I'd like a girl first...? People say they're easier to handle. Maybe a boy after that...
K-Mine: ...What? Are we allowed to bear him two children? In that case, I want two boys! A pair of brothers!
M-Kina: Uwoh!? I like th' sound of that! I'll take the same!
M-Kina: How about you, A-Nee!? Ya want a girl or a boy?
A-Ne: ......
M-Kina: ...A-Nee?
A-Ne: ...Hic...
M-Kina: Hic?
A-Ne: ...Bweh...
M-Kina: Bweh?
A-Ne: Baaaaaaaaaaaaw!!
M-Kina: Woah! She's cryin'!? Huh!? What's wrong!?
A-Ne: Noooooohooo!! Yuuji's... Yuuji's miiiine!! Why... Why are y'all being so mean to meeeee!?
M-Chiru: ...Uh, "Yuuji"...? Don't just blurt out his actual name like that!
K-Mine: Oh heavens... did we take the joke a little too far? It seems we've brought her to tears...
Y-Miko: S-See!? Now look what you've done! Apologize to Suou-san!
Amane: ...So at the end of the day, it sort of felt like you guys weren't that happy about me and Yuuji...
Makina: ...Zzz...
Amane: ...Wait, you're asleep!?! Oh, good grief!! You weren't listening to a word I said!!
Makina: Whoh... sorry, nodded off there for a sec... What were we talkin' about again?
Amane: We were talking about you guys, all right...? It feels like you haven't really given up on Yuuji yet...
Makina: Aaah, well... look, we told ya that was all just a joke, right...?
Makina: I mean, sure. Maybe we haven't totally "given up" on the guy yet.
Makina: But even so... like I've told ya a million times, we want you two ta be happy. That really is true, okay?
Amane: ...Okay...
Makina: And anyway, whatever we might think... it's just a fact that Onii-chan chose you, Ama-nee. So keep yer chin up, all right?
Amane: ...Right...
Makina: Dang, I'm sleepy, though... Think I'm gonna hit th' hay...
Amane: Can you make it to bed by yourself?
Makina: Oui... I'll be fine, ya know...
Amane: Don't wander into Sakaki-san's room by mistake again, okay?
Makina: Hm? Oh, right. I did that on purpose, ya know?
Makina: Yumi-chan ain't so good at turnin' people down when they're pushy with her, basically... Like, she might say "I hate cats!" an' all... but if one gets in her lap, she ain't gonna move it, see?
Amane: You're a monster, you know that?
Makina: Anyhoo, don't worry 'bout me! Go take yer bath, Ama-nee.
Amane: Oh, right... All right then... guess I'll do that.
Makina: Don't bring any toys in there except yer lotion, okay!? 
Amane: Oui...
Narration: *On that day, at that time, in that place... if I had found a stash of food, the way I did in my dream... I wouldn't have hesitated to bring it back and split it with everyone. Even if it was only a single can.*
Narration: *But once we finished sharing it, I'd have rubbed my grumbling stomach and thought "Why didn't I just eat it all myself?"*
Narration: *That's Suou Amane for you, I guess. It's just the way I am.*
Narration: *There's only one Kazami Yuuji in this world.*
Narration: *And so, there's a part of me that thinks I should just share him with everyone... Still, if it actually turned out that way, he wouldn't be all mine anymore. And there's a selfish part of me that wants to cry just thinking about that.*
Narration: *Of course, Kazami Yuuji isn't a can of food. He's not going to disappear if we all share him.*
Narration: *But he's also a human being with his own free will, not an inanimate object.*
Narration: *In other words, since the man himself has decided he wants "Suou Amane"...*
Narration: *Maybe it's okay for me to just nod cutely and monopolize his affection... while watching my love-starved classmates from the corner of my eye.*
Narration: *―But is that really what I should do?*
Narration: *I wish... Kazami Kazuki were here.*
Narration: *All I want is for her to pop up in front of me and say...*
Kazuki: It's quite all right, Amane. My little brother's all yours. Go have your way with him.
Narration: *...or something like that. Maybe give me a smile and a few pats on the head.*
Narration: *I'd run right off to order an economy-size box of 144 condoms on the internet, then wait naked as a jaybird for them to arrive.*
Narration: *...They're actually starting to remember my face at the local drug stores, so it's getting kind of awkward to buy birth control stuff lately... But let's stay on topic.*
Narration: *No matter how I rack my brains, Kazami Kazuki isn't here to help me.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji himself once told me "Nothing good ever came of asking the dead for advice," but unfortunately, I've never known how to put the past behind me.*
Narration: *My life's built on a foundation of numerous deaths. To be perfectly honest, the idea of grabbing all this happiness for myself makes me feel a little queasy sometimes.*
Narration: *―"Marriage."*
Narration: *Marriage, huh...?*
Narration: *It's easy enough to speak the word. And I'm genuinely happy that I've got the opportunity to make this dream come true.*
Narration: *Sometimes, I catch myself signing my diaries "Kazami Amane"... or happily scribbling it in the corners of my notebook with a dumb grin on my face. *
Narration: *But... is that really all right?*
Narration: *The world's only got one Kazami Yuuji in it.*
Amane: ...And so, you see... after all that's happened lately, Miss Suou Amane finds herself more than a little conflicted... 
Yuuji: Don't be ridiculous. Makina was completely right. You're the one I chose, and that's all that matters in the end.
Amane: Mm... well, yeah... I do understand, but... I keep getting caught up on this idea...
Yuuji: "Do I really deserve to be the one who ends up happy?" 
Amane: ...Yeah...
Yuuji: You seem to be misunderstanding something here. Looking after me for the rest of my life is your punishment, remember?
Amane: Mm... but I love you, Yuuji. It's not really that tough taking care of someone you care about... Kinda makes me happy, even... Doesn't exactly feel like a punishment, you know?
Amane: So... I dunno, uhm... I sorta thought, maybe... I could try watching you... have passionate sex with another girl, or something...
Yuuji: What the hell are you talking about?
Amane: Uhm, well... I hide myself in the closet, and then you come into the room with Makina, right?
Amane: You two get started right away, so I'm basically trapped in there... masturbating as I watch you screw each other's brains out...
Amane: And once you guys finish, Makina goes off to take a shower, leaving just the two of us in the room... At that point, you walk over to the closet where I'm hiding and open the door!
Amane: So you find me squatting down inside it, and I let out this little shriek, right...? But of course, you knew I was in there all along. So you just look down at me and say...
Amane: "Did you enjoy the show, Amane...?"
Amane: Eeek! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry for getting turned on!!
Amane: She stole my Yuuji away from me, and it made me horny! Aaah, Yuuji! Yuuji, noooo! I'm so sorry for masturbating while I cried!
Amane: Whoa, crap... just imagining this got me dripping! Whoopsy-daisy!
Yuuji: ...Look, Amane...
Amane: Yeah?
Yuuji: You're... taking this masochism thing to some unhealthy extremes...
Amane: Whoops. Did I freak you out a little?
Yuuji: I'm well aware you're pretty hardcore with this stuff... but seriously? Who gets off watching their boyfriend have sex with another woman...?
Yuuji: I mean, if it was the other way around, I'd feel pretty terrible... and pissed off, too. Might be hard not to murder the guy on the spot. Is that just... not the case for you?
Amane: Uhhh, nah. I'm sure it would feel pretty awful... but seeing someone I love ravished before my very eyes might be kinda exciting, too...
Amane: It's sorta like... Oh, you know those Super Rangers shows everyone watches when they're a kid? Well, I was the type of girl who'd get tingles down my spine every time the heroes were in a real pinch.
Amane: Every Sunday morning, I'd sit in front of the TV going "Aah! They're gonna kill my heroes! Ooh! Aaaah!"
Amane: Like... pulling on the ears of my stuffed rabbit as I watched. You know what I mean?
Yuuji: ...Can't say that I do...
Amane: Uhhh... well... sorry I'm such a masochist...
Yuuji: Look, what exactly do you want from me?
Amane: Mmm... I dunno...
Yuuji: Come on, woman...
Amane: I'm sorry... but I don't really know what to do either. For now, why don't you try sleeping with Makina?
Yuuji: That makes no sense whatsoever... and why Makina, of all people?
Amane: Well, here's the thing... lately, it feels like she's been looking for affection from pretty much everybody, right...?
Amane: That's probably because I'm looking after you, Yuuji. I don't have as much time to spend on her now... And I think she's trying to be considerate of our relationship, too...
Amane: It's got me a little worried, honestly. I feel like that girl needs some sort of father figure in her life... or a boyfriend, at least...
Yuuji: Do you really need to be worrying about her that much?
Amane: I mean... right now, it kinda seems like she's starving for love... I just feel bad for her, you know?
Yuuji: Okay, but how is me sleeping with her a good solution? I don't think a few rounds of pity sex is going to do anyone much good in the long run...
Yuuji: And think about it. If I actually took you up on that, how do you think everyone else will react?
Yuuji: What if Sachi shows up at my door with a box of tissues and cheerfully announces "I believe I'm next in line, correct?"
Amane: If that happens, uhm... maybe... you could just go for it?
Yuuji: Why are you asking me?
Amane: Heck, might as well go all-in. Why don't you sleep with every girl in Mihama?
Yuuji: You'd really be all right with that?
Amane: ...Huh? Sure...
Yuuji: I see...
Yuuji: Thing is, I'm not interested.
Yuuji: For one thing, nothing good ever comes of sleeping with multiple women at the same time...
Yuuji: One woman's enough for me. And you're the one I want.
Amane: ...Ooh...
Yuuji: I don't need any mistresses. Just sounds like a massive pain in the ass, to be honest...
Amane: B-But... it's not like I'm exactly perfect, you know...?
Yuuji: I'm aware.
Amane: ...So... why me, anyway...?
Yuuji: You're a soft-hearted idiot with skills in the kitchen and a nice rack. Isn't that reason enough?
Amane: ...But... I'm the woman who left your sister to die...
Yuuji: I want you anyway, Amane. Kazuki gave her life to save you... and I can understand why.
Amane: Does it... really have to be me?
Yuuji: Yeah. It really does.
Amane: You're such an idiot...
Yuuji: Look, you're the one who dragged all that out of me...
Amane: ...But I'm happy anyway...
Amane: ...Uu... Hic... *Sniffle*...
Yuuji: Gaah... come on, Amane! Don't blow your nose on my back!
Amane: Yeah, sorry... but I don't wanna let go yet... Just put up with it for a bit...
Yuuji: ...Good grief.
Amane: Hey... Yuuji...
Yuuji: Hm?
Amane: Will you... bully me tonight...? Please...?
Yuuji: What did you have in mind...?
Amane: ...I want you to be really, really rough...
Yuuji: Well, that's a rather vague request...
Narration: *Let's see. I've already given Yuuji a taste of everything I have to offer in terms of orifices... although in some cases, I basically forced him to indulge. Feel a bit bad about that, in retrospect.*
Narration: *Anyway! How should I have him torment me tonight?*
Narration: *Anticipation swelling in my chest, I flip through the pages of my diary, perusing my records of our many games and experiments. Just looking them over gets me a little wet.*
Narration: *Incidentally, our most recent evening involved a nifty little number I like to call "Which hole are you in?"*
Narration: *Taking off my panties but keeping my school uniform on, I had Yuuji lie down on his back and then straddled him from above...*
Amane: Which hole are you in now!?
Yuuji: ...It's your ass...
Amane: Bing-bong! That's correct! Your prize: a French kiss from Amane-chan herself! C'mon, open wide... nmm... *slurp*... nmm... *slurp*... nhah...
Narration: *...while I gave him a fun little quiz like the host of some demented TV game show.*
Narration: *It felt like pretty decent "nauseating lovebirds" material at the time, but maybe I got a bit too carried away...*
Narration: *To be honest, it feels like I've been running out of fresh material lately.*
Narration: *I mean, we do it pretty much every night, and 5-7 times on his days off, so I guess it was kind of inevitable.*
Narration: *And therefore... it's time to set off toward bold new horizons! That's right, folks. Suou Amane's a girl with a plan! Mwahahahaha!*
Yuuji: ...What? "Soft S&M"...?
Amane: Yep, that's right.
Yuuji: ...Soft S&M?
Amane: Why are you repeating yourself?
Yuuji: ...Tell me, God... why are you leading us astray...?
Amane: Oh, c'mon. There's no reason to make such a big deal out of this. It's nothing too bizarre, okay? I just wanna have sex in an unusual costume, basically.
Yuuji: An unusual costume...?
Amane: Yep! And here to explain... everyone's favorite publication, Tiger Girl!
Yuuji: And there it is, the devil's own magazine, constantly spurring its readers to new heights of depravity... What's the theme of this month's issue...?
Amane: Here, see this? On the cover?
Amane: Second-year relationship!? Looking to add a little spice to your life!? It's time to enter the wonderful world of Soft S&M!
Amane: We're sending out our editors'-choice "beloved-bondage" set as a free gift! It's our way of saying thanks to all our loyal readers! Write in with your preferred color and size!
Amane: ...It's right there in black and white, see?
Yuuji: Well, it's in neon pink, actually... and a flashier font than they used for the name of the magazine... 
Amane: Indeed!
Amane: And on that note... ta-daaa! Behold the "beloved-bondage" kit in question!
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...You actually wrote in for this...?
Amane: Hells yeah! Whaddaya think? Look, it's black! That never goes outta style, right!?
Yuuji: ......
Amane: ...Huh? That's kind of a weird reaction... Should I have gone for red instead?
Yuuji: That's really not the issue here, but whatever, guess I should be excited about this, yay, you're the best Amane!
Amane: That's an interesting way to express your joy. Almost sounds like you were halfway through telling me off before you just threw in the towel.
Yuuji: That's not true at all. Must be that wizard-country of yours at work.
Amane: Well, whatever. Anyway, put it on me!
Yuuji: What!?
Amane: Hm? C'mon, you're always taking my clothes off. Don't wanna help me put something on for once?
Yuuji: That's not what I'm saying, but... damn it. Guess I have to get into the spirit of things too...
Amane: That's right! Let's get fired up!! Come on, strap this baby on me!
Yuuji: Try that again! Heavier on the "cute"!
Amane: Put it on me, pleeease!♪
Yuuji: Step it up! You're an innocent little-sister type with no clue what evils lurk in the hearts of men!!
Amane: Hey, Onii-tan, I wanna twy this on! Will you help me, pwease?
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...Sorry. I guess I pushed that a step too far...
Amane: Look... don't go right back to normal all of a sudden, okay? Now I'm just embarrassed...
Yuuji: ...Anyway, I don't mind putting it on you, but how does this thing even work...?
Amane: Uhh... no, no, this part goes on top. See? Like that, I think.
Yuuji: Hm? Oh, now I get it...

Narration: *A year has passed since the day we paid a visit to the workshop next to Sachi's childhood home.*
Narration: *Mihama Academy, which I sacrificed to free Sachi from the "rules" she imposed on herself, is still in the process of being rebuilt. Our classes are being held in a rented building near the station in the meantime.*
Narration: *Amane technically graduated last year, but she was so concerned about the rest of us (particularly Makina) that she ended up sticking around as the "mother" of our dorm.*
Narration: *The principal even gave her special permission to participate in classes. For all intents and purposes, she's an unofficial "fourth-year" student.*
Narration: *As for the reason we're engaging in routine bomb-disposal training... Well, it's actually pretty simple.*
Narration: *Sachi actively approached me for instruction in this area, motivated by her chagrin at completely misidentifying plastic explosive as "clay" before the destruction of Mihama Academy.*
Narration: *Even now that she's overcome the trauma of her past, the girl's still seeking to improve herself as a person. Choked up with admiration, I naturally promised her my total cooperation, but...*
Narration: *It almost feels like Sachi's gotten even more dutiful and earnest than before. Having quickly absorbed a great deal of technical knowledge, she's already skilled enough to face bomb-disposal exercises like this independently.*
Narration: *Honestly, if she keeps going like this, I wouldn't be surprised to see her carrying around a P90 in a special forces uniform one of these days...*
Michiru: Hmmm... Hmmmph!!!
Narration: *As we make our way back to the dorm, my delusions are interrupted by the sound of Michiru's voice. She's standing in a corner of the athletic grounds, busily... exercising?*
Yuuji: The girl keeps kicking her leg up at nothing in particular... Could this be some kind of instinctive threat display?
Sachi: I don't know... I'm afraid I've never seen Michiru-sama acting like this either...
Narration: *Sachi knows everything about Michiru, right down to where she hides her secret poetry journal. If she's seeing this for the first time, it must be a genuinely unusual display... I'm a bit curious despite myself.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Michiru.
Michiru: Uwaaaaaah! Y-Yuuji!?
Sachi: Hello there, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: And Sachi, too...
Yuuji: Why are you kicking your leg up into the air like that? Don't tell me you've decided to pursue a career in ballet?
Michiru: Hmph! It's none of your business, is it? B-But I suppose I could explain, if you insist...
Yuuji: I won't insist. Sorry for interrupting you.
Michiru: W-Wait, wait! That's the part where you give in and ask me to continue, right!?! Come on!
Sachi: Ah, Michiru-sama never gets any less aggravating, does she?
Michiru: Uh... I can hear you, Sachi.
Yuuji: Well then, I guess I'll hear y...
Michiru: I was practicing my shoe-kicking!
Sachi: Someone's eager to share...
Yuuji: ...Why shoe-kicking, of all things?
Michiru: After hearing what happened with you two, I had a revelation. We're entering an era in which shoe-kicking contests will play a crucial role in romance!
Michiru: I'm getting my practice in now so I can control my distance perfectly when someone challenges me to a duel.
Yuuji: I see. Well, that's, uh...
Sachi: Hang in there.
Michiru: Wait, what!? Don't just cheer me up without even saying what you think!!
Narration: *Michiru's objection is reasonable enough, but... it would just be cruel to deflate her enthusiasm by advising her to find a boyfriend first.*
Sachi: But really, I don't believe you need to bother practicing your shoe-kicking, Michiru-sama. I'm sure you'll find a wonderful man one of these days.
Michiru: ......
Yuuji: ...What're you looking at me for?
Michiru: W-Who says I was...?
Sachi: ...I'm sorry, Michiru-sama, but that's not an option.
Michiru: Oh, you've got nothing to worry about. I was just looking at a flying fish that happened to be soaring by behind Yuuji.
Sachi: Is she... thinking of a "sky fish," perhaps?
Michiru: A-Anyway! Hard to believe a tsundere like me is still single, while you two are already getting married... The world's a strange place sometimes.
Yuuji: Yeah, can't say I was really expecting things to move along this smoothly either...
Narration: *After proposing to Sachi in the park where we'd met as children, I made use of the physical strength I'd developed in accordance with my master's "teachings"... and soundly defeated her in a shoe-kicking contest.*
Narration: *Slight digression, but the girl hates to lose. We ended up staying there until sunset holding exhibition matches.*
Narration: *In any case, I'd met Sachi's requirements for a marital partner, so she accepted my proposal with a smile.*
Narration: *We went to her aunt and uncle's house shortly after that, promptly receiving their unconditional approval...*
Narration: *And even JB and the Principal, who I'd worried might be less enthusiastic, reacted to the news by telling us not to waste any time.*
Narration: *I expect they're hoping I'll be less reckless on the job and in my personal life once I've "settled down." But in any case...*
Narration: *The celebratory mood built on itself, and it wasn't long before our friends in the dorm were encouraging us to get married before even graduating.*
Narration: *There was no real reason to wait, so we eventually decided to hold our ceremony on Sachi's next birthday - in other words, September 23rd.*
Narration: *And as it happens, today's September 9th. The wedding's only two weeks away.*
Michiru: I guess this is the power of the "childhood friend," huh...?
Yuuji: You have a real talent for saying complete nonsense with a serious look on your face...
Michiru: Oh, don't worry about it. I was just thinking that Sachi's hidden potential was greater than we ever realized...
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *I've heard that people who lose big at gambling can convince themselves they spent their money on something else as a method of coping with their frustration.*
Narration: *It seems Michiru's currently rewriting her personal reality in a similar fashion.*
Sachi: Come now, Michiru-sama. Let's put aside these weighty matters and have ourselves a pleasant lunch, yes?
Michiru: Yeah, sounds good. I've gotten a little hungry after all that exercise.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *From the look of things, she'll probably have forgotten all about this "shoe-kicking practice" by this time tomorrow.*
Makina: Dang, that cream-sauce rice omelet's hella good! Spanks f'r the grub, mate!!
Narration: *Having polished off her lunch before anyone else, Makina drops her chopsticks to the table and expresses her gratitude in something that sounds like Hiroshima dialect. God knows where she picked that up.*
Makina: Fuboh! Ngggh... i-it's stuck 'n my... Secchin... water! Wateeeer!!
Sachi: Calm yourself, Maki-chan. "Secchin" isn't my name, it's another word for "lavatory."
Amane: How many times do I have to tell you to chew before you swallow...?
Michiru: Well, Makina's always choking on something or other. We've got more important matters to discuss, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Sorry, but I'm philosophically opposed to signing up for insurance policies.
Michiru: Who said I'm selling you anything!? I'm talking about your new pet. You're keeping a cat in your room, aren't you!?
Yuuji: ...A cat?
Michiru: Don't try to play dumb. I was passing by your room the other day, and something was making weird animal sounds in there!
Narration: *Michiru declares this quite confidently, but I don't remember having any felines in my room recently.*
Narration: *Given this, only one possible explanation comes to mind, but...*
Makina: Uh, what kinda "animal sounds" we talkin' about here?
Michiru: Let's see...
Michiru: Mmmn! Ahn, ah... Or something like that?
Sachi: ......
Narration: *A small ball of dread settling in the pit of my stomach, I glance over at Sachi. She's studying the floor in a clear state of embarrassment.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Having observed Sachi's reaction, Sakaki also averts her eyes awkwardly. It seems there's no doubt about it.*
Michiru: Look, I won't tell the principal if you really want a pet that badly, okay? Just fess up already.
Amane: Hmm, I might be off-base here, but... I really don't think that was a cat...
Michiru: Huh? Really? What was it, then, a bush dog?
Makina: A bush dog...? Yer mind works in some amazin' ways, Chiruchiru...
Michiru: What was the sound I heard, then!? Someone tell me!
Amane: Well, uhm... you know... Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: D-Don't expect me to explain...
Michiru: Who am I supposed to ask, then!? Are you guys leaving me in the dark on purpose!? Mukiiiii!!
Makina: ...Chiruchiru.
Narration: *As Michiru squeals like a monkey interrupted in flagrante delicto, Makina drops a hand on her shoulder and offers a kind, gentle smile.*
Michiru: Wh-What is it...?
Makina: Hang in there.
Michiru: I've had it up to here with people cheering me up! Don't look at me with those eyes full of pity!!!
Narration: *...As you can see, my impending marriage to Sachi hasn't caused any major changes in our daily lives just yet. *
Narration: *Our friends in the dorm are the same as always, and I'm still taking care of "jobs" for Ichigaya whenever JB calls for me.*
Narration: *However, that doesn't mean things haven't changed, especially when it comes to our relationship. For one thing, Sachi's started to exhibit a much greater range of emotions and facial expressions.*
Narration: *Apart from that... we're starting to spend more time talking about our future together, rather than reflecting on the sadness of our pasts. Probably something worth celebrating.*
Sachi: ...Hm? Is there something on my face?
Yuuji: No. Just felt like taking a good look at the woman I love.
Sachi: Uhm... so you want to satisfy your lust immediately after sating your hunger? I don't dislike your aggressive side, Yuu-kun, but... it's a little early for that.
Yuuji: I don't mind you misunderstanding, but this isn't really the time. We're supposed to go to the hospital this afternoon, remember?
Sachi: Indeed. Thank you again for escorting me.
Sachi: Good afternoon, everyone!
Narration: *As she walks in with a bouquet of flowers in her arms, Sachi calls out a greeting to the nurse station.*
Narration: *We've been visiting more or less every week recently, so the procedures here are pretty much second nature to us by now.*
Sachi: We've come for a visit, Mom.
Mom: ......
Sachi: I bought you some flowers from a shop by the station today. I'll put them in a vase for you, okay?
Narration: *Unfortunately, the condition of Sachi's mother hasn't changed much either.*
Narration: *These days, Sachi regularly comes over to the hospital and speaks to her as she sleeps, but there's been no real signs of improvement.*
Narration: *When the brain suffers severe damage, the chances of recovery over time are often very low.*
Narration: *Sachi understands that, of course. But now that her emotions are showing more clearly on her face, it's getting easier to see how much it pains her.*
Sachi: ...Sorry for the wait.
Narration: *Placing the vase of flowers on a table next to the bed, Sachi takes a seat in her folding chair, and begins to speak while gently massaging her mother's hand.*
Sachi: You know what? Last week we went to take a look at the place where we're going to be married.
Sachi: It's a church with a nice high ceiling, pure white walls, and the prettiest stained glass windows...
Sachi: I couldn't help feeling deeply moved by its solemn, dignified atmosphere... but then Yuu-kun cut our visit off early...
Yuuji: That's because you said "I wouldn't mind holding our wedding here this very instant," okay? The poor planner's face went white as a sheet...
Sachi: Well, this is a once-in-a-lifetime event! It's only natural to get a little excited. Right, Mom?
Mom: ......
Sachi: ...All right then, we'll be back soon.
Yuuji: Until next time...
Narration: *As always, the two of us leave the room together about an hour after we entered it.*
Narration: *On our way back from the hospital, Sachi responds to me normally enough...*
Narration: *But sometimes I notice her abruptly falling silent, and there's a slight shadow on her face. I can tell she's feeling a bit down.*
Narration: *Having finished off another of Sakaki's discarded books, I'm yawning to myself when I hear a knock at my door.*
Yuuji: It's not locked. You can come in.
Sachi: Pardon me...
Narration: *Sachi enters the room, accompanied by the fresh scent of soap. Her cheeks are slightly flushed.*
Yuuji: ...Did you just get out of the bath?
Sachi: Yes. I came right over as soon as I finished cleaning the bathroom, in fact...
Yuuji: I see.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *She came into the room easily enough, but Sachi isn't moving from her position in front of the door.*
Yuuji: Don't just stand there. Come on over.
Sachi: Wah...
Narration: *Taking Sachi's hand, I pull her into an embrace.*
Sachi: U-Uhm... Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: I have my needy days like everyone else, you know.
Sachi: ...I suppose I'll have to put up with it, then.
Narration: *Sachi answers me with a smile, but I think she's aware I'm not quite telling the truth.*
Sachi: s...I can't hide anything from Yuu-kun, can I?
Narration: *I can hear the words Sachi whispers against my shoulder, but decide to pretend I don't.*
Narration: *It can be hard for a woman to show weakness, even when they want emotional support. It's probably just human nature.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *As Sachi leans against me, I notice there's something slightly different about her tonight.*
Yuuji: Did you change your shampoo?
Sachi: Yes. I decided to try out an imported organic shampoo that Harudera-san gave me as a present... What do you think?
Yuuji: Well, I like the fragrance, but... since when were you two close enough to give each other presents?
Sachi: I'm not sure exactly when...
Sachi: But lately, we've been seeing each other perhaps once every two weeks for a meal and a conversation.
Yuuji: Really. What do you talk about?
Sachi: Well... I suppose Harudera-san often begins by complaining about her job, but the topic always seems to come around to you eventually.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *I was starting to relax because the woman wasn't showing up at the dorm much lately, but apparently she's just acquired a source on the inside.*
Sachi: Judging from your reaction...
Sachi: Perhaps it would have been best not to share my speculation that having sex with a half-undressed woman excites you more than doing so while fully nude...?
Yuuji: ...Probably. Giving JB more information than she needs is only going to entertain her.
Sachi: ...I'll keep that in mind.
Narration: *Nodding slightly in response to my words, Sachi timidly grips at the sleeve of my shirt.*
Narration: *I might not be the world's most tactful person, but even I'm not stupid enough to pull out my cell phone and start yelling at JB right now.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry. Guess I kind of ruined the mood there.
Sachi: In that case... why don't you make it up to me...?
Narration: *There's an expectant look in Sachi's eyes as she murmurs these words. I respond by kissing her gently.*

Date: *July XX, 2012, 08:20 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Tunafish Man: "Stop this, Shark Man! Don't drag any more innocent citizens into our battle!"
Shark Man: "Heh... You're soft, Tunafish Man. Why protect humans...? What have those dirty apes ever done for you?"
Shark Man: "Born as a biological weapon in a country where civil strife raged under the pretext of a War on Terror, then shunned as a monster when the conflict ended... such was your lot. Why would you side with the humans!?"
Shark Man: "Humans! They fill the sea, mother of all life, with filth! They cover the Earth in pollution! Mankind are but a blight on our planet! Why can't you see that!?!"
Tunafish Man: "You're wrong! Wrong, I say! Mankind is far more than the sum of their misdeeds!"
Tunafish Man: "Humans have love! Love as clear and beautiful as the purest seeeea waterrrr!! Why can't you understand, Shark Man!?!"
Shark Man: "Because... I am a shark!!" 
Tunafish Man: "You stubborn fool! If words aren't enough, then chew on some sushi!! Toro! Toro! Toro!!!"
Shark Man: "...Hmph. Kesennuma Cutter!!"
Tunafish Man: "Wh-What the―!? My toro's been... obliterated!?"
Shark Man: "Now it's my turn! Take this! Double Kesennuma Cutter!!"
Tunafish Man: "...Gwhaaaaah!!!"
Sachi: Haa... haa... haa... haa... nn... Kuh! Haa... haa...
Makina: This is bad! Tunafish Man's in big trouble!! Stand up! Get back on yer feet, Tunafish Man!
Makina: You can't just lie there! You're gonna get lined up in a fish market and auctioned off to th' highest bidder! They'll chop off your tail to check yer freshness, ya know!?
Sachi: ...Haa... haa... haa! Ah... gh... nngh... haa... haa...
Makina: C'mon, Sacchin! Don't just sit there pantin'! We gotta cheer for Tunafish Man!
Sachi: ...Aah, Shark Man... So wonderful! You can do it, Shark Man... haa... haa...
Makina: Hey! Why the heck're ya cheerin' fer Shark Man!? He's th' bad guy!
Sachi: I'm not so sure about that, Maki-chan. The mysterious superpowered Shark Man, appearing dramatically in a play for ratings as the renewal season begins... Is he truly a foe, or perhaps an ally in the making...?
Makina: Aaah... hmmm, yeah. I mean, they trotted out that obvious keyword "love" an' all...
Makina: I know this is prob'ly gonna end with Shark Man, wounded in battle, gettin' nursed back to health by a human girl who melts his heart or whatever, yeah?
Makina: But right now, he's a bad guy! Go, Tunafish Man! Don't let that cartilage-head push you around!
Sachi: Wake up, Shark Man! Awaken to the glory of love! You haven't quite found your place in the world yet, that's all! Open your sharky heart! Lay bare your flaws... bare your jaws!!
Michiru: Okay, you people are too frigging noisy! I'm trying to study, all right!? Keep it down!
Makina: ...Studyin'?
Sachi: Why pursue such a hopeless endeavor...?
Michiru: I've got a make-up test in math next week, for your information!
Michiru: And don't call it hopeless, okay!?! I'm working my butt off! I really am!! Forget that stupid tuna and shark, how about you people try cheering me on for once!?
Yumiko: Why should they? You're just reaping what you've sown. Honestly, I wish you'd put yourself in your "tutor's" shoes...
Michiru: Oh, c'monnn. You said you'd help me study, but you've just been sitting there reading for the last thirty minutes! Some help you are!
Yumiko: I believe I said to "let me know if there's something you don't understand," yes? And what was your response?
Michiru: I don't understand pretty much all of it!
Yumiko: Indeed. To which I replied "All right, then what problems DO you understand?" And your response to this was...?
Michiru: I don't understand a single one!
Yumiko: I appreciated your honesty. It's far better than wasting both of our time by pretending to understand something you don't.
Yumiko: Therefore, I proceeded to teach you a single formula.
Yumiko: And I explained that you could use this formula to solve all the problems on a page of your textbook. I even demonstrated by solving one for you. What was the end result of this lesson?
Michiru: I still haven't solved a single one, but I'm working my butt off!!
Yumiko: ...*Siiiigh*...
Michiru: Heeey! Cut it out with the "I give up" sigh! Matsushima's giving it her all, okay!?
Makina: Hmm? Lessee. Which ones don'tcha unnerstand?
Michiru: ...Like I said, all of it... Trigonometric functions or whatever.
Makina: Aah, that stuff? Don't make it harder than it needs ta be. Just swap th' problem into your field of expertise. Like, let's say... snipin'.
Michiru: ...What?
Makina: Ya know, bullets an' all that.
Makina: So we've got a 62-grain round, leavin' the barrel at 940 meters per second... initial velocity times seconds times sin(theta), minus one-half gravitational acceleration of 9.8 meters per second squared...
Makina: As long as ya can ignore stuff like dust, the earth's rotation, and air density, this gives ya a decent idea of the point of impact for anything except crazy long-range shots, right?
Michiru: Uhm, if you say so? I understood, like, two words of that... maybe...
Makina: Yer never gonna make it as a sniper if you can't handle basic cal-kew-lashuns like this instantly.
Michiru: Fine by me! That wasn't part of my life plan! I mean, look, can you tone it down with the Mini-Yuuji thing? It's been getting ridiculous lately!
Makina: But I haven't flunked any math tests since I started learnin' from his example, ya know? Ain't that what ya'd call a "good influence"?
Michiru: Uh, well, maybe so, but still... Arrrgh! I think I overused my brain! It feels like I'm getting a fever or something!
Amane: Sounds like it's time to refuel with a little sugar! I tried baking some donuts, so how about we take a snack break?
Makina: Oho! Sounds good! I was just startin' ta feel a bit peckish!
Sachi: In that case, why don't I prepare some drinks? Would you like some milk, Maki-chan?
Makina: Indeed! I'm yearnin' for some cow-teat juice!
Sachi: Sakaki-san will no doubt be the usual black tea. And Amane-san...?
Amane: Hmm, now that you mention it, I'm in a black tea mood myself. Same as Sakaki-san, please.
Sachi: Of course...
Michiru: Ah. Okay then, I want black tea too!
Yumiko: ...Oh? You're having some as well, Matsushima-san?
Michiru: S-So what...? Can't I have a snack if I want to...?
Yumiko: I'm not saying that, but... how about you solve a single problem first?
Michiru: Wha―? No wayyy... What am I, a circus bear that gets a cube of sugar every time it does a trick? Just forget it, then... I don't need any...
Yumiko: Do you really hate studying that much?
Makina: Yer goin' about this all wrong, Yumi-chan. If ya wanna teach her tricks, ya gotta start off by gettin' her addicted to the sugar cubes. Hey, Chiruchiru! It's a donut! Open wide, okay?
Michiru: Ah, aaahn...
Makina: Hyup!
Michiru: ...Nm! Nmm... Mnbh mmbl... Ooh, tasty...
Makina: I know, right? A'ight then, here comes another! Hyup!
Michiru: ...Hamfh! Hmnch... mnblh...
Makina: An' another! Hyyyurp!
Michiru: ...Ngh! Nmm... nmgh... Hey, hold on! This isn't a competitive eating match, okay!? Nmh... glmph... Lemme eat at my own pace!
Amane: What do you guys think? Any good?
Yumiko: Hmm, yes... There's something slightly squishy about them, but they're quite delicious.
Amane: I know, right? And the materials only cost 23 yen per piece! You'd never guess it, but these babies are made from  o?ka?ra!
Michiru: Okara!? Like, that pulpy junk left over when you make tofu!?
Amane: Come on now, that's no way to put it. Okara's crazy nutritious! Packed full of nutrients that boost memory and reduce fatigue! Rich in dietary fiber, great for diets! It's a genuine miracle-ingredient, you know?
Michiru: ...Huh? Really?
Yumiko: It's true. Okara is very high in lecithin... Its health effects have been receiving a lot of attention over the last few years.
Makina: First pumpkin, now okara... Just can't help gettin' worked up about grandma-food, can ya, Ama-nee?
Amane: C'mon, I made it into donuts, right? Nice and easy to eat.
Amane: This stuff's low-calorie but high in protein. And I even sweetened it up by kneading some pumpkin and sweet potato into the dough. This is pretty much the best possible snack, okay?
Yumiko: They really are tasty, so I don't think there's any reason to complain. I'm honestly impressed, Suou-san.
Amane: My ma always said it's better to start eating pumpkin and soy when you're young. It'll make a big difference when you're looking into the mirror in ten years, apparently.
Makina: Ooh. Come ta think of it, Ama-nee's mom really is rid-ick-a-lously young lookin'! Ya should learn from her example an' stop eatin' junk food all the time, Yumi-chan.
Yumiko: ...Mind your own business! I'm eating these, aren't I!?
Sachi: Everyone, the tea's ready. And here's your milk, Maki-chan.
Makina: Ooh yeah! Cold milk AND donuts, th' ultimate combo! Vic-ter-ee is all but mine!
Michiru: ...At what, exactly?
Amane: Well, anyhow, there's plenty to go around. Why don't you have some too, Sacchan?
Sachi: Gladly. Thank you very much.
Michiru: Gotta say, though, you really did make a ton of these things. Can we even finish all this?
Amane: Mm, yeah. I kept trying out different stuff, you know? Like adding chocolate chips or dried fruit or whatever. Ended up making a whole bunch before I knew it...
Amane: But these things keep for a long time, and Yuuji'll probably have some when he gets back. No need to try and eat them all, okay?
Michiru: Ah, hey, that reminds me. Where is Yuuji? I haven't seen him at all today. Where'd he wander off to this time?
Makina: Oho? What, just a few hours without seein' him and yer already feelin' lonely?
Michiru: Th-That's NOT what I meant, okay!?
Michiru: Just, uh, well, we've got a tasty snack, but Yuuji's not around, so I was just, you know, wondering if he went somewhere! A little idle curiosity, that's all! Don't get me wrong!
Sachi: Please calm yourself, Michiru-sama. Try to learn from the way Sakaki-san has accustomed herself to constant loneliness...
Yumiko: Excuse me!? I am NOT accustomed to loneliness! In the first place, who says I'm lonely!? 
Sachi: ...I suppose it was a misunderstanding on my part, then. My sincere apologies.
Yumiko: ...For some reason... I feel deeply depressed all of a sudden...
Amane: Okay, so? Where DID Yuuji go?
Makina: He went ta Ichigaya on business, ya know? But they didn't pick him up. He had ta present himself. Probably pulled another dumb stunt an' got himself in trouble or somethin'.
Sachi: ...It's Kazami-san we're talking about. No doubt he's performing feats no one else is capable of under circumstances beyond our comprehension...
Yumiko: I believe Kazami-kun mentioned that he'd be taking an in-company promotion exam relatively soon... Perhaps this is a preliminary hearing of some kind?
Makina: Aah. Now that ya mention it, he's been holed up in his room so much lately that we ain't been playin' much. Guess he was writin' up some documents for that.
Yumiko: Right. In other words, there's no real need to worry, Suou-san.
Amane: Hm? I wasn't really worried or anything. I mean, Yuuji can take care of himself, you know?
Sachi: I'll admit to being slightly worried... No, extremely worried. So worried that I can barely keep my cool...
Michiru: Uh, that seems a bit over the top any way you look at it.
Sachi: It just so happens that I, Komine Sachi, recently resolved to offer what assistance I could to Kazami-san in this extremely busy time...
Sachi: But as a mere pseudo-maid, the most helpful contribution I could imagine was to clean his room, which had grown a bit disorderly after his extended period of seclusion. And so, a little while ago, I began tidying up...
Sachi: Only to find something truly astounding in his garbage bin. Whatever shall I do?
Amane: What'd you find? Some stiff and crunchy old underwear, maybe?
Sachi: ...No, it was this.
Makina: Whazzat? Just looks like scraps of paper...
Sachi: These are documents that were passed through a shredder. And this here is my reproduction of the original, based off the fragments...
Yumiko: ...You "reproduced" a shredded document...? I don't know whether to call you amazing or an idiot.
Makina: Hmm, lessee here. "Autobiographical Report Concerning Kazami Yuuji's Personal History"...?
Michiru: Huh? Wait a... That's not something we can just look at without permission, right!?
Sachi: In the course of reproducing this document, I unintentionally took in much of its contents...
Sachi: After peeking into Kazami-san's shocking past, I found myself wracked with remorse. My ulterior motive is to divide my guilt by making you accessories to the crime. "One for all, all for one"... such splendid words!
Michiru: No, no, no, no! That's not cool! We can't read this!
Sachi: ...If no one else is interested, I'll shred them once more and then incinerate the scraps... But are you quite sure?
Amane: Ah... no, that's a little... uhm... Right?
Yumiko: ...Please don't look to me for support.
Michiru: Well, you've probably already dug up a bunch of stuff about him, Yumiko... but now that I think about it, the rest of us don't know much at all about Yuuji's past...
Makina: I've heard a bunch of stuff from Onii-chan, but he always leaves out the juicy details, ya know?
Sachi: Well then, everyone... What shall we do?
Narration: *Meanwhile...*
Narration: *Blissfully ignorant of the conversation taking place in the Mihama Academy dormitory, I was sitting in the Ichigaya mess hall―*
Narration: *Choking down an oily, dressing-drenched salad with the expression of a man being force-fed raw sewage.  *
Kuwahara: You really know how to make eating look like torture, Kazami. As always.
Yuuji: Kuwahara-senpai... It's good to see you again.
Narration: *The man who called out to me was Kuwahara Ichiro, a 1st lieutenant.*
Narration: *Also known as the Daimakaroff connection. Back when I was training to become a contracted employee after finishing my stint as a "foreign capital" guest, he offered me some extraordinary support.*
Kuwahara: Pretty rare to see you in headquarters. Pull another stupid stunt?
Yuuji: Look, interrogations aren't the only reason they call me in, you know...
Kuwahara: Kidding, kidding. So you're finally taking the promotion tests, huh? Your boss, uh... What was her name again? That blonde...
Yuuji: Major Harudera.
Kuwahara: Right, right, that's the one. She asked me to submit your personnel record and everything I've got on your past.
Yuuji: Sorry for the hassle...
Kuwahara: No big deal. So you're looking to climb the ladder now, huh... What happened to being most comfortable as a specialist? Something cause a change of heart?
Yuuji: ...Guess I've gotten settled down enough to start thinking about the future... Something like that, at least.
Kuwahara: Well, while you're at it... What would you think of coming back to us over in "S"?
Yuuji: I'm sorry, but...
Kuwahara: Hey, it's fine. But if you get bored of what you're doing now, come to me any time. The money's crap and we don't have any beautiful officers, but there's plenty of work worth doing.
Yuuji: Thank you. I'll be sure to keep the offer in mind.
Kuwahara: Yep. Take care of yourself out there.
Narration: *―I'm well aware that I've turned into something of a coward.*
Narration: *Maybe it's just a product of the spectacularly languid life I've been living lately. The way I've immersed myself in the routine of Mihama Academy like a deadbeat lounging in a lukewarm bath.*
Narration: *Used to be I didn't care too much whether I lived or died, but these days I'm less comfortable with the idea of bleeding out in a ditch somewhere. Is that seriously all it takes to change a person's behavior to this extent?*
Narration: *Is it really all right for me to keep going like this...?*
Narration: *I gave up on most of the things normal people take for granted. With a devotion that resembled resignation, or maybe masochism, I anchored myself to the words "National Defense."*
Narration: *Someone who's decided to throw everything away for the sake of a country doesn't really belong in a place like Mihama. It's just too peaceful.*
Narration: *The longer I soak myself in it, the harder it gets to pull the trigger.*
Narration: *―The same facility, a different floor. Office of Harudera Yuria, Section Chief in the second division of the Ministry of Defense's "Central Intelligence and Research Department."*
Narration: *By the time the cicadas were beginning to sing in earnest, there was no one except JB in the room, and no sound from inside but the quiet clicking of her keyboard.*
JB: ...Document number 68329. Personnel record and investigation report concerning Kazami Yuuji. Author and investigator, Harudera Yuria...
Ohtsuka: ...raaa-kun!! Harudera-kun!!
JB: Excuse me! Don't barge in without knocking, please! And who's this "Rakun" supposed to be!? I'd appreciate if you didn't give me any vermin-themed nicknames!
Ohtsuka: Uh, right... Sorry, I was in a bit of a hurry... But you know, for what it's worth, I am the director-general here...
JB: ...I'm aware. And? What can I do for you?
Ohtsuka: Well, ah, it's about what we discussed the other day...
JB: Are you going senile? Do you really expect me to know what you're talking about from nothing but "the other day"?
Ohtsuka: Oh, come now, you know! The documents you were going to submit regarding Kazami Yuuji's promotion!
JB: Ah, is that it? I'm currently in the middle of drawing up the more detailed reports.
Ohtsuka: *Sigh*... You always put too much time into these things.
JB: That's simply my personality. There's no fixing it now. But more importantly, "she" requested these be as "precise and comprehensive as possible," remember...?
Narration: *The "professor" in the basement deemed the documents previously provided as an examination of Yuuji's possible promotion as inadequate, and demanded a new and more detailed inquiry.*
Narration: *"She" was already aware of the general, superficial outline contained in the personnel records; her request was for information that would flesh out the inner Kazami Yuuji in greater detail.*
Ohtsuka: Well, she's the one who'll be making the final call regarding Kazami Yuuji's promotion. We've got no choice but to give her what she wants.
JB: Are you telling me she even controls HR decisions now...?
Ohtsuka: At this point, "she's" effectively directing Japan's entire defense... As I'm sure you're already aware.
Ohtsuka: And to do that job, she needs plenty of "reading" material. So yes, be comprehensive. Give her anything and everything, from childhood to the present day...
JB: I've called in Kazami Yuuji today for that very purpose. After he presents his own biographical report, I plan to conduct further questioning based off its contents. Will you sit in?
Ohtsuka: No, I don't think so. The man despises me, after all. Things will likely proceed more smoothly if you handle this alone.
JB: Is that so? In that case, please leave the room. I'm just about to call him over.
Ohtsuka: Right. I'll leave it in your hands.
JB: ...*Sigh*...
JB: ...So he's at least aware of being despised, huh?
Yuuji: ...This is Kazami.
JB: Sorry to keep you waiting. Come to my office.
Yuuji: Yeah, I'll be right there.
JB: ...Well then... Might as well skim over the earlier material while I'm waiting for him...
Narration: *In the year that the first portable MD player in the world was put on the market, Kazami Yuuji was born in a hospital in Atsugi, Kanagawa Prefecture - the fourth member of a family that included his parents and an elder sister.*
Narration: *His father, Kazami Ryouji, was the second son of a farmer from Chiba. Yuuji's paternal grandparents had already passed away by the time of his birth.*
Narration: *Ryouji was a man severely lacking in judgement. Years before, an acquaintance from his school days coaxed him into selling the land left to him by his father to finance the construction of a resort condominium, a greedy and foolish gamble.*
Narration: *When the business failed, Ryouji was forced to sell off the newly built resort to recoup his enormous debts. For all intents and purposes, his old "friend" had swindled him out of the condo.*
Narration: *By picking a bitter fight with his elder brother over their father's inheritance, Ryouji was able to obtain a one-time settlement of 4.2 million yen in exchange for complete estrangement from his family.*
Narration: *An art history major at university, he used this money as capital to open a small antique art shop; but in substance, he made his living as a middleman, arranging shady but technically legal contributions to corrupt politicians.*
Narration: *In sum, it's easy to surmise that he was a petty man, cowardly but suffering from delusions of grandeur, arrogant to the weak and servile to the strong.*
Narration: *Yuuji's mother, Kazami Satoko, had, like her husband, lost her parents at a young age.*
Narration: *After their death in an accident, Satoko was passed around between reluctant relatives before becoming fully independent at the age of eighteen.*
Narration: *Although she enrolled in a vocational fashion school, the pressures of her tuition and living expenses forced her to work at night, and it wasn't long before she found herself a drop-out neck-deep in the "entertaining trade."*
Narration: *Satoko got to know Kazami Ryouji when a yakuza and habitual customer brought him to her club. Eventually she became pregnant, quit her job as a hostess, and was entered into Ryouji's family register.*
Narration: *Not only was she a weak-willed woman with a tendency to grow dependent on others, Satoko also had a difficult time trusting in their affection. On the whole, she was an unfortunate individual. Perhaps even pitiable.*
Narration: *Please refer to file number two for information concerning Ryouji and Satoko's first child, Kazami Kazuki.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji was born two years after his sister. An outline of his earliest years follows.*
Narration: *In comparison to Kazuki, who was regarded as a remarkable prodigy, Yuuji was born an ordinary child without any particular talents. He lived in the shadow of his sister and was neglected as a result.*
Narration: *His parents were disappointed with such a "mediocre" followup to their genius firstborn, and they frequently admonished their son to stay out of his sister's way.*
Narration: *As a result of this negative family environment, Yuuji grew up carefully watching the expressions on his parents' faces, contributing to strong perception and observational skills.*
Narration: *Refer to the attached report for further details on Kazami Yuuji.*
Narration: *At a glance, it was a perfectly normal family.*
Narration: *There was no religious influence on the household.*
Narration: *Despite indirect connections to certain politicians, nothing suggests involvement in any ideologically radical factions.*
Narration: *But at the time, Kazami Ryouji was concealing a debt of some 32 million yen from his family.*
Narration: *This was mainly composed of liabilities from his earlier failures and the "prior investment" of enrolling his daughter in a famous private school.*
Narration: *His repayment came to about 160,000 yen a month. Not an overwhelming amount, but a serious strain on an income largely composed of the intermediary fees he earned facilitating political donations. This was the only obvious point of concern.*
Narration: *■File number 2: Concerning Kazami Kazuki■*
Narration: *―Kazami Yuuji's elder sister, Kazami Kazuki, first showed a glimpse of her talents at the age of four.*
Narration: *Kazuki's father - officially working as an antique dealer - often took paintings and other works home for safekeeping, exposing her to a wide range of art from a young age. One day, she sat down in front of a famous painting and began to reproduce it with pastels in her sketchbook.*
Narration: *When her father glanced at that "scribble," he was astonished by Kazuki's precociously vivid use of color. On a whim, he gave her oil painting materials to play with.*
Narration: *At first Kazuki simply messed around with the thick paint as if it were clay. But by the age of six, she was beginning to produce work that could legitimately be called "paintings."*
Narration: *And at the age of eight, she won a special prize at the district "Hydrangea Exhibit" painting contest.*
Narration: *(This was the highest possible award, as age restrictions meant her entry was placed in the children's division.)*
Narration: *Realizing that Kazuki was uncommonly gifted, her parents had her tested, and learned that her IQ was an astounding 180.*
Narration: *At the age of 8, she had the IQ of a genius.*
Narration: *Given that the test was calibrated to her age, this wasn't an impossible score by any means, but it was far, far above the average.*
Narration: *Her parents argued that Kazuki should skip grades to pursue more challenging lessons, but testimony suggests that Kazuki herself wanted to live as a "normal child" to the degree possible.*
Narration: *Kazami Kazuki could do anything she put her mind to better than most.*
Narration: *Still, she was particularly gifted as an artist. It's said that a painting she completed at the age of ten was appraised in the millions of yen.*
Narration: *A family of four, blessed with a daughter who possessed rare talents.*
Narration: *Not such an unusual situation in and of itself. On a superficial level, this was still an "ordinary family."*
Narration: *A father who spent his days eagerly counting unhatched chickens, interested only in sliding beads along the abacus in his head to count the profits his daughter would one day produce...*
Narration: *A mother, the goose who thought her entire existence validated by one shining golden egg, convinced that her daughter's birth had finally secured her a stable place in the world...*
Narration: *And a walking inferiority complex of a son, ashamed by the thought of "looking stupid" next to his sister, with no means of self-defense except to avoid her.*
Narration: *―That was Kazami Yuuji.*
JB: ...Come in.
Yuuji: Pardon me! Kazami Yuuji, reporting in!
JB: ...Take a seat. Want some coffee?
Yuuji: I'll pass. Just had a cup downstairs.
JB: All right. In that case, let's get down to business right away.
JB: I just read through the material you submitted in advance... Seriously though, who handwrites this sort of thing these days? Use a PC, for crying out loud.
Yuuji: It's easier to dispose of paper. Shredded all the rough drafts with a cutting machine.
JB: There's been a real boom in people taking advantage of that sort of "easy" disposal lately, you know?
JB: These days we have specialized machines and software to restore documents run through shredders, and even way back in the stone age you could piece them back together with brute effort.
Yuuji: I seriously doubt there's anyone bored enough to put that much effort into poking around my past. And it's not like there's any real need for me to keep it secret, right?
JB: Well, I suppose that's your call to make... but I'd recommended incinerating those scraps when you get back to the dorm.
Yuuji: Yeah, fine. Will do.
Yuuji: So what now? I think I included pretty much everything in the documents. Is there something more you want to know?
JB: Let's see... Why don't we start with your sister?
Yuuji: Is that really relevant to my promotion?
JB: The polite fiction is that a few suspicious points about your sister's death remain unresolved. As for the real purpose of this... We'd like to know what your sister was to you, exactly.
Yuuji: So even emotions toward family members are within the sphere of investigation...?
JB: Yes, they are.
Yuuji: Fine, but it's really just like I said in the reports. As a kid, I went through a phase where I deliberately avoided my ridiculously talented big sister... 
Narration: *When I failed, they'd say "And you call yourself Kazami's brother?" And when, every once in a while, I succeeded, the compliments were always something like "Just what I'd expect from Kazami's brother."*
Narration: *I mean, I definitely wasn't that talented, but I didn't feel like I was depressingly incompetent either.*
Narration: *Guess you could say I was a pretty normal kid. Just not in the same league as my genius sister.*
Narration: *Being compared to Kazuki no matter what I did got very irritating after a while. It's probably only natural that I started avoiding her... Honestly, it was my only real way of protecting myself.*
Narration: *"The worthless baby brother."*
Narration: *"The scrap left over from a genius."*
Narration: *When people taunted me with those words or whispered them behind my back, I never had a retort.*
Narration: *Mainly because I was perfectly aware that it was more or less true. *
Kazuki: You always just clam up like that... When you're feeling down, you can say so, okay...?
Yuuji: I feel terrible, Nee-chan... I always look like an idiot when I'm next to you...
Narration: *I think those words hurt Kazuki pretty deeply.*
Narration: *Even so, she didn't hold it against me. She did her best to interact with me like any sister would.*
Kazuki: Hey, Yuuji, why don't we play catch?
Yuuji: ..."Catch?" Catch what?
Narration: *One day, my sister called out to me with a slightly dingy pink rubber ball in her hand. She must've picked it up somewhere on a whim.*
Narration: *Thinking back on it now, it was probably a considerate gesture on her part. Not even my own dad spent any time playing with me... I guess she was trying to fill that void.*
Narration: *I was strongly left-handed back then, but at first I deliberately tossed the ball with my right.*
Kazuki: Why aren't you using your left arm?
Yuuji: ...You're the one who told me to use my right arm more, Nee-chan.
Kazuki: I was talking about chopsticks. When you're throwing a ball, either arm is fine. Try throwing with your left.
Yuuji: Okay...
Narration: *Of course, I threw more strongly and accurately once I switched to my dominant arm.*
Narration: *My sister rewarded me with gentle words of praise.*
Kazuki: See? You're much better with the left.
Yuuji: You think...?
Kazuki: Yes. But let's practice so that you can throw a little better with your right as well.
Yuuji: ...Why?
Kazuki: It's inconvenient when you need to use a certain hand for things like this, don't you think? That said, keep your chopsticks in the right.
Yuuji: ...Okay... if you say so...
Narration: *I didn't know what meaning there was to any of that.*
Narration: *But if Kazuki said so, I assumed it was just the way the world worked.*
Narration: *When I did eventually learn to throw a ball skillfully with either hand, my sister complimented me again.*
Narration: *It's not like I was looking to become a pro baseball player or anything, so sometimes I did wonder why she was so eager to praise me about that sort of thing.*
Narration: *Still, I think she helped me see something of my own potential. If I did want to play baseball, with hard work it wouldn't be impossible. *
Kazuki: That was fun, wasn't it?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Kazuki: It really was... lots and lots of fun, wasn't it?
Yuuji: ...Hehe...
Narration: *I'd thought I was completely worthless, but my sister complimented me.*
Narration: *I couldn't beat her at anything at all, but she still praised me.*
Kazuki: It's such a waste of your potential not to try new things just because you're scared of losing. Try out all sorts of things and make all sorts of mistakes. That's what children are supposed to do.
Yuuji: Okay...
Narration: *"Don't give up before you try."*
Narration: *But of course, Kazuki was an exception to her own rules. No matter what she picked up, in no time at all she'd be producing respectable results. That's why they called her a genius, after all.*
Kazuki: That's still no reason to quit trying. The only difference between you and me is that it takes you a bit more time to get up to speed. There's nothing you can't do if you put your mind to it.
Yuuji: ...Really...?
Kazuki: Yes. What really matters is that you don't give up. Learn to be stubborn, Yuuji, and one day it'll be your greatest weapon.
Kazuki: Even in the most difficult of situations, even when everyone around you starts to give up hope, you'll be the one who says "not yet" and stands back up. That's the sort of man I want you to become.
Yuuji: I don't really get it...
Kazuki: Was that a little too confusing? Uhm, let's see... All I'm really trying to say is "don't give up so easily," I suppose.
Kazuki: Being a hard worker is a kind of talent in its own right. Do you understand?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *My sister taught me how to paint as well.*
Narration: *I wasn't any good right off the bat, of course.*
Narration: *Still, I managed to create a few crudely charming landscapes of the sort you'd expect from a child, earning more praise from Kazuki.*
Narration: *People were always calling me stupid, but my sister taught me that even an "idiot" like me could manage a few modest successes with enough effort.*
Narration: *I remember Kazuki picking out one of my childish paintings and deliberately hanging it right next to one of her own on the wall.*
Yuuji: Cut it out... It's embarrassing...
Kazuki: I like this painting. There's nothing to be embarrassed about.
Narration: *Hearing that made me happy.*
Narration: *I even started thinking I might have a little talent as an artist myself.*
Narration: *But one day, when a well-known artist was supposed to come look at my sister's work, I listened through the door as my father told her to take down "that embarrassing eyesore" on her wall.*
Father: "Mr. Oozuki is going out of his way to come look at your paintings, Kazuki! Wouldn't you be ashamed to have this childish scribbling sitting next to it!?"
Kazuki: "I hung this painting on my wall because I like it! Stop insulting it!"
Narration: *The moment I realized that they were arguing about my painting, I opened the door to Kazuki's studio. Taking the landscape from the wall, I ripped it to pieces, and then left without a word.*
Father: What was that, Yuuji!? You have something to say!?
Narration: *My father's angry shouts were a familiar part of my everyday life. That didn't particularly bother me.*
Narration: *Still, the sorrowful look on my sister's face as she gathered up the scraps of my painting made my heart ache with regret.*
Kazuki: ...I'm sorry, Yuuji.
Narration: *I ignored my sister's apology by pretending to sleep.*
Narration: *My family was a defective structure balanced precariously on a foundation of sand.*
Narration: *And the one pillar keeping the whole thing upright wasn't my father, our sad excuse for a "breadwinner." It was my big sister.*
Narration: *Kazuki had made a name for herself in the fine art world as a promising prodigy, but once she reached twelve years of age, that talent began to show signs of waning.*
Narration: *Her normal pace of three paintings a month fell to a single canvas every three months. And even the ones she finished lacked the delicate touches which had lent her earlier work the power to enthrall.*
Narration: *My parents declared it was nothing more than a temporary slump, and their expectations for Kazuki didn't fade. Still, it was clear that many in the art world were beginning to question if the golden egg was losing its luster.*
Narration: *It's not uncommon to hear of prodigies who end up being perfectly ordinary people after twenty, but this dramatically premature "decline" soon began to unsettle our parents.*
Narration: *My father, for whom Kazuki's slump was a grave crisis, eventually began to interrogate her about it.*
Father: Why aren't you painting any more? You used to be at it every day...
Narration: *My sister's answer to that question was very simple.*
Kazuki: I was still a child back then. That's why I could paint.
Narration: *Almost too simple.*
Narration: *My father interpreted it as a claim that Kazuki's "aesthetic sense" or "talent" had deteriorated with age.*
Narration: *But in reality, my sister had simply learned how to hold back.*
Narration: *The childish "hard work" she'd once poured into everything was pointless, even counterproductive.*
Narration: *Trying too hard only increased the number of people who envied her. So now she was deliberately giving mediocrity a try.*
Narration: *When we were alone, Kazuki explained all this to me quite frankly.*
Kazuki: What's so good about having people think you can do anything? I've got to show everyone that I have my weaknesses too, or they'll end up thinking of me as some kind of monster.
Narration: *Just having the title of "child genius" bestowed on you is enough to push your peers away.*
Narration: *My big sister never put that much importance on connecting with others as a child, but over the last few years her thinking seemed to have changed significantly.*
Narration: *Specifically, she was now trying to become something like a "normal person."*
Narration: *I was doing homework after school one evening when Kazuki came home carrying a massive stack of manga in her arms.*
Kazuki: This one seems to be quite popular at school, so I borrowed it from a girl in my class...
Narration: *My big sister was starting to dabble in anything and everything.*
Narration: *Even then, I knew most adults thought manga was just brain-rotting trash.*
Narration: *And "it's popular at school" probably wasn't going to fly as an excuse for reading it.*
Kazuki: When I'm done with this, I'll lend it to you as well. Make sure you read it.
Yuuji: ...But they'll get mad at me if I read manga.
Narration: *My parents had never bought me any comic magazines.*
Narration: *There'd been an incident before, when we dropped by a bookstore after going out to dinner as a family.*
Narration: *While my father browsed through the art section, I wandered over to the manga aisle and started reading where I stood. Eventually Mom came along and asked if I wanted the book.*
Narration: *I thoughtlessly answered "yeah," but my father vehemently objected.*
Yuuji: ...He said reading that "garbage" would turn me into an idiot... He'll definitely yell at me again...
Kazuki: What nonsense. Only dimwitted adults who never got to read manga as children say things like that.
Kazuki: Listen, Yuuji. Reading manga will give you a common topic of discussion with many other children... That's a very valuable thing, you know?
Kazuki: You never know in life. Becoming friends with some child who loves manga just might end up opening a whole new world of possibilities to you.
Kazuki: Gaining friends through mutual hobbies is much more important than you might think...
Kazuki: Video games and comic books can be surprisingly useful tools for meeting people who might be your friends even ten years down the line. They're not nearly so "useless" as adults say.
Kazuki: I think personal connections based on a simple reason like that tend to be particularly durable. I'm still friendly with a girl I met that way as a first-year, even though we've changed classes now...
Yuuji: Are friends really that important...?
Kazuki: Very much so. Even the greatest genius in the world can't make the world go round all on their own. That sort of arrogance will always come back to bite you.
Kazuki: It's too late to realize how important personal connections are when you're already an adult. And the people who don't notice even then... In their hour of need, they'll despair to discover how alone they really are.
Kazuki: Narrowminded adults who can't accept that anything they're not personally interested in might have value to someone else are pretty much the worst, don't you think? Just look at our father. Do you want to end up like that?
Yuuji: I don't know...
Kazuki: ...Hmm. Maybe it's still a little early to have this discussion with you...
Kazuki: Well, in any case, I'm done lecturing. If you've finished your homework, go outside and play with your friends.
Yuuji: I don't really have any friends, though...
Kazuki: In that case, start trying to make some.
Yuuji: Okay...
Narration: *Having learned to handicap herself in pursuit of "normality," Kazuki managed to cancel our parents' plans to have her study abroad at a Parisian art school, and settled in to a more comfortable life as a "semi-prodigy."*
Narration: *Still, she continued producing enough art to keep our father's creditors paid. Before even reaching middle school, she was the primary meal ticket keeping our family financially stable.*
Narration: *By that point, there was no longer anyone in the house capable of opposing my sister. Even for our parents, Kazuki's word was law. They treated her with a respect that wasn't far from worship.*
Narration: *But strong sunlight creates deep shadows, and it's probably fair to say that I was a neglected child.*
Narration: *My parents and sister frequently ate outside of the house on business. It wasn't uncommon for them to stay out until late at night, and I always was left behind to watch the house by myself.*
Narration: *Whenever this happened, my dinner would be a sweet roll or two from the stash my mother kept in a cupboard for me―*
Narration: *But one day, it must've slipped her mind, and she didn't leave me anything in the usual place.*
Narration: *The only thing I could find there was a half-eaten loaf of bread. It was old and hard, but it didn't look like it had gotten moldy yet.*
Narration: *When I checked the fridge, we were out of milk as well.*
Narration: *I didn't see much other choice, so I poured some tap water into a cup, bit off a hunk of bread, then washed it down with the water.*
Narration: *I don't remember feeling sorry for myself at the time. As long as it filled my belly, I didn't really care. Still, it was tough to get that rock-hard bread down my throat.*
Narration: *At this point, a clever idea occurred to me. I held the bread under the faucet and soaked it with water, waiting until it was thoroughly soggy to take another bite.*
Narration: *It worked even better than I'd hoped. Once it was nice and soft, the bread seemed to taste much better.*
Narration: *Taking a second slice of bread from the bag, I watered it from the tap for a while, then took another big bite. And in that moment, Kazuki stepped through the front door.*
Narration: *As she saw me eating my "water-bread" in front of the kitchen sink, her face contorted with shock.*
Kazuki: ...Yuuji? What on earth are you eating!?
Yuuji: ...Uhm, it's just bread...
Narration: *"Oh no. Was I not supposed to eat this...?"*
Narration: *I didn't ask first. They might get mad at me.*
Narration: *As I took the bread from my mouth and studied my feet, my sister shouted "It's like a prisoner's meal!" in a voice full of agitation.*
Kazuki: Here! Look, Yuuji! We've got plenty of food in the refrigerator!
Yuuji: But... nobody said it was okay for me to eat that stuff... They'd yell at me if I just took some without permission...
Kazuki: They would NOT yell at you! And if they did, I'd be yelling right back at them!
Narration: *My sister squeezed her eyes shut and turned her face toward the ceiling, her voice quavering with emotion.*
Kazuki: I can't believe this... It's disgusting...! Obliviously eating out at a restaurant while my brother's gnawing old bread like a starving orphan... I'm so ashamed I could die...
Yuuji: ...I'm sorry, Nee-chan...
Kazuki: You have nothing to apologize for. But I certainly do... I'm so sorry I didn't realize, Yuuji...
Yuuji: It's no big deal. I'm used to it...
Narration: *Kazuki responded with a sharp, decisive exhalation of breath. Opening the door to the fridge, she began to impatiently rummage through its contents, pulling out food at random.*
Kazuki: ...Aargh, honestly... There's barely anything useful in this fridge... Don't we have anything ready to eat in here...? There's a few bananas I used for a rough sketch... Do you want them?
Yuuji: Is it okay for me to eat those?
Kazuki: Yes, it is. From now on, you can eat anything you want. You have my permission.
Narration: *That day, the sound of Kazuki harshly scolding our parents echoed throughout the house late into the night.*
Narration: *It wasn't an "argument" in any real sense. She chewed them out, and they sat there and took it.*
Narration: *After this incident, my parents' attitude toward me changed dramatically.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, it wasn't a change for the better.*
Narration: *My father's scorn for me grew into an increasingly unconcealable loathing.*
Narration: *And my mother, sensing danger and wanting no part of it, began blatantly avoiding me - although she never again forgot to buy the sweet buns.*
Narration: *No one in that house could openly oppose my sister.*
Narration: *Naturally, that went for me as well. Kazuki made the rules, and I followed them. *
Narration: *...No matter how absurd they might be.*
Narration: *A little while after that incident, my sister called out to me when I came home from playing outside.*
Kazuki: You were out late today, Yuuji. What were you up to?
Yuuji: I was just playing with a friend...
Kazuki: ...I see. That's a very good thing, but... Don't tell me it was a girl?
Yuuji: Well... yeah, it was.
Kazuki: ...Oh really. You will explain, of course? Where's she from? What's her name?
Yuuji: Uhm... she's named Sachi. I don't know where she lives, but I met her at the park today, so I guess her house must be around there...
Kazuki: Hmmm. You just met her today and you're already friends? Not bad. So I assume you promised to meet her again?
Yuuji: How do you know that...?
Kazuki: Why do you think there's anything I don't know?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, dumb question...
Kazuki: When you get the chance, bring that girl home with you.
Yuuji: ...I don't wanna. You always bully my friends, Nee-chan...
Kazuki: How rude. I'm merely determining whether they're worthy of being your friend, that's all.
Kazuki: Are you still upset about the way I made that girl you brought over last month cry? I did explain myself, didn't I?
Kazuki: Listen, Yuuji. Just because someone's parents are wealthy doesn't make them a good friend...
Kazuki: I don't care if they're rich or from a destitute home. If that girl had been a positive presence in your life, I wouldn't have done anything, and it wouldn't have turned out like that.
Yuuji: I understand that part, but... did you really have to say all that stuff to her...?
Kazuki: Aah. Well, the girl seemed to be under the misconception that her father was an admirable man, so I simply provided her with a reality check.
Narration: *Maybe so, but there's such a thing as "breaking it gently."*
Narration: *Looking a young girl who was obviously proud of her dad in the eye―*
Narration: *Then sharply informing her "Your father is a mediocre man who gained his position solely through an above-average talent for passing the buck" seemed like a bit much. That was a line she really didn't have to cross.*
Kazuki: But when it comes to what I disliked about that girl, the way she seemed to regard herself as some sort of queen was her single most intolerable trait...
Kazuki: Does she think every man in the world is going to fall at her feet? The girl was looking at you with lust in her eyes, you know. Honestly, what kind of a child is that? How nauseating...
Yuuji: Don't talk like that... I mean... people say the same sort of stuff about you, don't they...?
Yuuji: And you're the one who told me to make friends...
Kazuki: Yes, I did, but I don't remember telling you to make girlfriends.
Kazuki: And yet, for some strange reason, the friends you make are always female. Why is that, Yuuji? Do you just enjoy making me jealous, perhaps?
Yuuji: ...Uhm... Nee-chan, I...
Kazuki: No, no, I understand where it's coming from. You've got a cute, feminine face similar to mine, you're soft-spoken, you're gentle and hate violence...
Kazuki: Despite looking a bit effeminate at a glance, you're surprisingly good at sports and such... And above all else, you're a sweet boy. It's only natural that you'd be popular.
Kazuki: But you know what? I don't like that. I don't like that at all! Not one bit!
Kazuki: If you're that determined to make friends with girls, then get my permission first! I forbid you to get close to any girls except those I approve beforehand! Understood?
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *In that moment, I heard the echo of words my father had spoken to me once.*
Narration: *"The only reason I'm supporting a worthless brat like you is because Kazuki's attached to you."*
Narration: *That meant I had no choice. I would be Kazuki's plaything for the rest of my life.*
Yuuji: ...Whatever you say, Nee-chan...
Kazuki: ...*Sigh*... Don't make that face, Yuuji.
Kazuki: I'm sorry. I know I'm being unreasonable... but don't worry. I'll definitely find you a suitable girl someday...
Yuuji: Okay...
Kazuki: And, uh, more importantly... at this rate you're going to end up turning into a natural "ladykiller," Yuuji. I don't want you leaving a trail of crying women in your wake.
Yuuji: I'll be careful...
JB: ...What!? You weren't careful at ALL! If anything, you turned out EXACTLY like your sister said you would! It's almost frightening!!
Yuuji: Look, I'm still in the middle of the story, okay? Don't just butt in at random...
JB: I mean, come on! Seriously! Right?
Yuuji: ...Uh, who are you expecting to back you up there?
Yuuji: And for what it's worth... to the degree that my treatment of women may be slightly problematic, I think Kazuki's at least partially responsible.
JB: ...What do you mean?
Yuuji: It's in the documents, isn't it...?
JB: Oh, right. You're talking about the way she sexually abused you?
Yuuji: I don't know if "abuse" is exactly... Well, hmm... I guess you could call it that...
JB: The documents don't mention the exact nature of those incidents. What did she do to you?
Yuuji: ...Do I really need to go into this?
JB: Our friend in the basement said she wants "the most thorough account possible," so I'm afraid you do...
Yuuji: Her again? What a pain... If she's so interested, why can't I just have this conversation with her instead of you?
JB: She doesn't meet anyone. That's the rule.
Yuuji: ...The rule, huh? Well, fine...
Narration: *―I guess you could call it "harassment," sure. But it didn't really feel that way at the time. I didn't even think we were doing anything particularly strange.*

Narration: *According to a certain instructor from my old "school" in Virginia, there's one very important thing that determines whether or not someone can ever get appointed as the captain of a submarine.*
Narration: *Specifically, you need the ability to make calm, level-headed, and strategically sound decisions in the face of danger.*
Narration: *Human beings can't breathe in water, and a submarine spends most of its time under the waves. It's an inherently dangerous vessel.*
Narration: *Accordingly, every order a submarine's captain issues to his crew carries a grave significance. In some cases, they may be forced to make decisions that involve sacrificing members of the crew.*
Narration: *When someone has to die for the sake of their comrades, who will it be, and how can that choice be justified?*
Narration: *Unless you're capable of making those decisions, of handing out virtual death sentences without hesitation, you simply won't be able to protect your ship and the lives of your crew.*
Narration: *From that perspective, it's understandable why "decisiveness" is considered the most crucial quality in a captain.*
Narration: *At the time, I'd earned a reputation as something of a chicken, and my instructor brought this up in order to compare me to an XO who'd never quite managed to command their own ship...*
Narration: *But even now, if faced with a life-or-death decision, I'm not sure I'd be able to make the "correct" choice in the way a submarine captain would.*
Date: *September 9, 2012, 11:54*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Squinting through the smoky air, I watch Sachi focus on the task at hand. Isolated from all aural and visual distractions, she appears to be in a state of absolute concentration.*
Narration: *Her fingers move carefully against a small, roughly-made device with an analog clock at its center... the very picture of a clumsily constructed time bomb.*
Narration: *It's difficult to understand how the basket cases of the world think, but from all appearances, this seems to be a "present" one of them has left for us. And at the moment, Sachi's attempting to dispose of it.*
Sachi: ...Phew.
Narration: *With a quiet exhalation of breath, Sachi stops moving her hands. Tension hangs thickly in the air.*
Yuuji: ...What's the type?
Sachi: Just as the vintage appearance suggested, it seems to be the "Red or Black" variety.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *The words "red or black" might be more frequently used in relation to gambling, but in this case, it's a very literal kind of shorthand.*
Narration: *In the context of explosive devices, it means that a bomb's designed so that you have to make a choice between cutting one or the other of the final two wires in a circuit.*
Narration: *Choose correctly, and the bomb will be defused. Choose incorrectly, and it explodes. Simple enough structurally speaking, but the element of luck involved makes it feel uniquely malicious.*
Narration: *Even if the amount of explosive material is less than expected, it's still going to have enough power to pulverize both Sachi and I so badly that they won't be able to distinguish between our bodies.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *Having considered the worst possible outcome, I can feel a cold sweat forming on my back.*
Sachi: At times like these, I believe the final decision rests with you, the commander?
Yuuji: Right...
Sachi: In that case, I see no reason to hesitate. I trust you implictly, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: Please... give me your orders with confidence.
Yuuji: ...All right.
Narration: *Steeling my nerves, I open my mouth to speak―*
???: Errrr... Sorry to interrupt whatever this is, but...
Narration: *Only to be interrupted by a bemused voice from outside our tent.*
Yuuji: Amane? What do you think you're doing here, woman? *Sniffle*...
Amane: Uh, excuse me? I came here looking for you two, obviously.
Yuuji: That's your reason for wandering into the potential blast zone without a bomb suit? You're beyond careless.
Amane: Come on, I know you're just doing that bomb-disposal training again. You guys have been at it for days now.
Yuuji: Sorry to disappoint, but it isn't "training" today. This happens to be a fun-filled game of "make-believe." *Sniffle*...
Amane: Uh, sorry... What's the difference, exactly?
Yuuji: Right now, Sachi's working on an older-model time bomb that can be successfully defused by someone with the right knowledge...
Yuuji: But these days, the only people who plant devices that primitive are in it for the thrill of causing a nuisance to society, which means there's very little risk of their "bombs" actually exploding.
Yuuji: A bomb that someone actually wants to explode is pretty much impossible to defuse. The best you can do is minimize the damage it does.
Yuuji: In other words, this is a completely unrealistic scenario, so less of a training exercise and more of a game... *Sniffle*
Amane: Okay, so why are you even playing a "game" like that...?
Yuuji: "Very little risk" isn't the same thing as no risk whatsoever, and it never hurts to start learning from the ground up.
Amane: Hmmm... I guess I kinda understand what you're trying to say, but... can I go ahead and ask why you're crying at this point?
Yuuji: Ah, that would be the result of us using insecticide spray inside the tent. Under such circumstances, the human body naturally produces tears as a self-defense mechanism.
Amane: Insecticide...? Is it safe for you to be in there without any goggles or anything?
Yuuji: I've experienced training of this sort many times before. The tears should stop soon enough, so it shouldn't be a problem.
Amane: Not that I hadn't noticed before, but... you really are a strange one, Yuuji...
Narration: *As Amane's questions finally peter to a halt, I turn back to the tent and call out to Sachi.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi, we're going to discontinue the game for today.
Sachi: Roger.
Sachi: Oh! Hello there, Amane-san.
Amane: ......
Amane: Errr... this is Sacchan I'm talking to, right?
Sachi: Yes... I'm the same Komine Sachi you're familiar with. Is there something strange about me?
Amane: Okay, so that gas mask... is to protect yourself against the insecticide or something?
Sachi: Indeed. For today's training, we were simulating an environment contaminated by poisonous gas.
Yuuji: There's no guarantee that you'll be working under clear conditions in the field, after all.
Amane: "Clear conditions," he says...
Narration: *Well, I suppose you can't expect people who've never seen combat to think things over that thoroughly...*
Yuuji: Anyway, Sachi, you can take off your mask now.
Sachi: Yes, sir.
Narration: *With this prompt, obedient reply, Sachi proceeds to efficiently set about removing her equipment and cleaning up the mess we've made.*
Sachi: ...Sorry to keep you waiting.
Yuuji: Sixty seconds to complete transition... You've definitely improved.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Amane: ...This seems fun and all, but don't they just deep-freeze bombs these days, then blow them up somewhere safe?
Sachi: That was the case some time ago, but it's no longer true, Amane-san.
Sachi: These days, it's not unusual for bombs to be equipped with temperature sensors that will set them off immediately upon contact with liquid nitrogen.
Amane: ...E-Errr... okay, Sacchan...
Yuuji: Still, I'm a bit surprised you knew about that, Amane.
Amane: I just remembered them mentioning something like that on one of those TV shows Makina's addicted to, that's all.
Yuuji: Hrm. Good to hear that Makina isn't neglecting her daily studies either.
Sachi: Maki-chan is very quick on the uptake as well... I'll have to work hard to keep up with her.
Amane: I'm starting to get a little worried you'll start filling your room with model fighter planes like her...
Sachi: Please don't worry yourself on that point. I'm not really a military maniac, you see.
Amane: Then why are you out here defusing bombs?
Sachi: Well...
Yuuji: We're doing this so that Sachi can learn more about explosives. Simple as that.
Yuuji: Once you understand exactly how dangerous a bomb can be, you'll be able to take appropriate evasive action in the face of a real emergency...
Yuuji: The real danger is getting overconfident and jumping head first into something that's more than you can handle. It's a lot like driving a car, in that respect.
Amane: Oh, yeah, for sure. When you see a shiny Lon-Evo with a "new driver" sticker on it, you can't help feeling a little worried, right?
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: Anyway, you said you were looking for us?
Amane: Oh, right. I just wanted to let you guys know lunch is ready.
Yuuji: Is it that late already...?
Sachi: I do apologize that I wasn't able to help out today either.
Amane: Hey, no problem. This is my job now, you know?
Yuuji: I guess it is, come to think of it.
Amane: Yep. Okay then, that's all I wanted to tell you!
Narration: *Apparently this really was all Amane had to say. She promptly turns and strides back toward the dorm.*
Yuuji: You know, it feels like Amane's even livelier now than she was before she graduated...
Sachi: Well, she was always a rather caring person, and I don't think she dislikes this kind of domestic work.
Yuuji: In other words, she's perfectly suited to be a dorm mother.
Sachi: Indeed. I'll have to make a note of your fondness for the genre, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Wait, where did that come from...?

Sachi: Mm... nnn...
Narration: *Some time later, Sachi's eyes blink open.*
Yuuji: You were asleep for about two hours.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *When I provide this information in lieu of a greeting, I'm met with a mildly sulky gaze.*
Yuuji: What's the matter? I'm sorry if I did something wrong...
Sachi: It's nothing like that, but... it seems you defeated me once again...
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Sachi: I received more pleasure than I gave, so to speak... as always.
Yuuji: Is that what you're upset about? Really?
Sachi: I know it's not particularly mature of me, but... when I lose to you, it always leaves me feeling rather gloomy...
Yuuji: Guess I can understand that...
Yuuji: It's probably because you're just naturally competitive, Sachi.
Sachi: ...I suppose it's not particularly attractive for a girl to be such a sore loser, is it?
Yuuji: ...I wouldn't say that. I like strong-willed women, and I can't stand people who laugh off every loss instead of trying to improve.
Sachi: I'm glad to hear you say so...
Narration: *Apparently reassured by this reply, Sachi turns over and takes my arm in hers.*
Narration: *I've heard it said that it's easy to grow attached to someone after spending a night with them. It might be true. I feel like I fall a little more in love with this girl every time I sleep with her.*
Yuuji: That's quite a smile. Hard to believe you were pouting just a minute ago.
Sachi: I do hate losing to you, but that doesn't change how much I love you.
Yuuji: Sounds complicated.
Sachi: Such is the nature of a woman's heart.
Yuuji: ...I'll take your word for it.
Narration: *Maybe it has something to do with the way we interacted as children, but I think Sachi still views me as a rival in some respects.*
Narration: *I'm not sure if that's exactly a "normal" relationship dynamic, but... it seems to work well enough for the two of us.*
Sachi: ...You look rather happy yourself, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: There aren't many men out there who'd look surly when they have the woman they love in their arms.
Sachi: Wha... p-please don't say such embarrassing things so suddenly...
Yuuji: Hm. Is that another victory for me?
Sachi: Oh, honestly... You really are a bully sometimes...
Yuuji: Yeah, okay, that was my bad. Let's just go to sleep now, all right?
Sachi: All right... Good night, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *As I stroke her head, Sachi obediently closes her eyes. She's asleep within minutes.*
Narration: *Watching her face from the side, I feel myself slipping into unconsciousness as well.*

Sachi: Mmm...
Sachi: Nfh... *smack*...
Narration: *No matter how many times I taste them, I never seem to get bored of Sachi's lips.*
Narration: *I push my mouth against hers greedily, savoring the soft sensation.*
Sachi: Mmm... mmmm...
Sachi: Haaah... Yuu-kun...
Narration: *When I pull back to take a breath, Sachi promptly initiates another kiss herself.*
Sachi: Mmm... mmmm... *smack*...
Narration: *She presses her mouth tightly against mine, then slips her tongue into the small gap between my lips.*
Narration: *It's rare to see Sachi being so aggressive right from the start, but as a man, I can't just sit back and let her take the initiative.*
Sachi: Nfuh!? Mmm... *smack*... *slurp*...
Narration: *Adapting to Sachi's movements, I use my own tongue to slowly push hers back.*
Sachi: Haah, mmmm... *smack*... *sluurp*... mmmm!
Narration: *Wrapping my arms tightly around Sachi, I explore her mouth with my tongue.*
Sachi: Nhaaah! Mmmm... mmmm... fmmm...
Narration: *Every time it touches one of her sensitive spots, she pulls back slightly, and her body trembles in my arms.*
Sachi: ...Haaah...
Narration: *Reluctantly removing her lips from mine, Sachi lets out a hot little sigh.*
Yuuji: You're being awfully aggressive today...
Sachi: When the person you love says they're feeling needy... it's only natural to show them affection, don't you think?
Yuuji: ...You sure about this? Using sex to forget about painful things never works out well in the long run.
Sachi: You've got the wrong idea. I was feeling a little down in the dumps earlier, but you've already fixed that, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: Right now, I want to make love to you out of my own desire...
Narration: *Reaching out slowly, Sachi brings her hand to my cheek.*
Narration: *The casual suggestiveness of that small gesture causes an involuntary reaction in my lower body.*
Yuuji: ...All right. In that case, I suppose it's my job to fulfill my girlfriend's expectations...
Sachi: Perhaps it is. But today, I think it's my turn to satisfy my boyfriend's desires...
Yuuji: Come again?
Sachi: Do you know... why I'm wearing my maid uniform right now?
Yuuji: A maid's job is to serve her master, so... you want to "service" me today, Sachi?
Sachi: Exactly so... I'm now your personal maid, who belongs to you in body and soul... and tonight, I'll service you to very best of my abilities...
Narration: *Sachi pushes me down onto the bed, then straddles over me and begins to open up her clothing.*
Sachi: Mmm...
Yuuji: This is some pretty aggressive "service," I've got to say...
Sachi: Indeed. I hope that's sufficient to convey exactly how serious I am about this.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *I'm still processing those words when Sachi reaches out and grabs hold of my penis.*
Sachi: Just look at your penis, Yuu-kun... it's already gotten rather large.
Yuuji: Just shows how much I'm looking forward to your "service," Sachi.
Sachi: Hehehe. In that case, I'll do my best to live up to your expectations...
Sachi: ...Phooo...
Narration: *Sachi blows softly on my penis by way of a "greeting," and it twitches in response.*
Sachi: I hear you loud and clear, Captain!
Yuuji: ...Is this you being "serious," Sachi?
Sachi: Indeed. It's all part of the Komine Sachi experience, I assure you.
Yuuji: Well, if you say so...
Narration: *Just as I'm deciding not to press the matter any further, Sachi slowly begins to move her hand up and down the shaft of my penis.*
Sachi: ...You're rather sensitive up here, aren't you...?
Narration: *She squeezes her fingers around the head to demonstrate the subject of her question.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Sachi: And... here too...
Yuuji: I see... you're definitely playing for keeps tonight...
Sachi: Indeed. I've been making careful note of the weak points I discover while we're making love... so that I might turn the tables on you one day.♪
Narration: *Smiling triumphantly, Sachi gradually begins to move her right hand more quickly.*
Narration: *She's targeting the most sensitive parts of my dick with alarming accuracy. It really drives home how much sex we've been having lately.*
Sachi: Haaah... mmmm... mmm...
Narration: *Sachi's apparently getting a bit turned on just from stroking my dick, judging from way she's starting to pant.*
Sachi: Whenever I see your penis up close like this... I can't help admiring how inherently erotic it is...
Yuuji: That a fact?
Sachi: Yes... it's hard to express, but... simply looking at it makes me want to pleasure it on some instinctive level...
Sachi: And it's already... gotten even larger than before...
Yuuji: Yeah... to be honest, that handjob feels pretty good all on its own.
Sachi: ...Are you about ready to move on to the blowjob phase, then?
Yuuji: You already know the answer to that question, don't you?
Sachi: I'm afraid not. I need you to say it, Yuu-kun. Say "Sachi... I want you to pleasure me with your adorable little mouth..."
Narration: *I know she's playing dumb... but if I try to act stubborn now, she really will cut things off right here.*
Narration: *And so...*
Yuuji: ...I want to you to put my penis in your mouth, Sachi.
Narration: *The words leave my mouth all on their own.*
Sachi: Tee hee hee. It wasn't exactly the line I was hoping to hear... but it's still rather exciting to have you tell me that, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Hey, come on...
Sachi: I'm very sorry. However, you're always the one making me beg... turnabout's fair play every once in a while, don't you think?
Yuuji: I get where you're coming from, but aren't you supposed to be servicing me today?
Sachi: True enough. And on that note... allow me to give you your reward... 
Narration: *A moment after those words leave Sachi's lips, I feel something hot and slippery envelop my dick.*
Sachi: *Sluurp*... *smack*...
Narration: *Her lips, already wet with saliva, slide easily over my shaft as she takes me all the way in.*
Sachi: *Sluurp*...*smack*... mmmm... Fwa...
Narration: *She immediately begins moving her head up and down, stroking my entire cock with her hot little mouth.*
Sachi: *Sluurp*... *smack*... *shllmp*... *smack*...
Yuuji: Gah...
Narration: *The sudden burst of stimulation takes me off-guard, and I can't help moaning a little..*
Sachi: Nhehe. Hoh ho hou hike hat? Hoes ih heel gooh...?
Yuuji: It does feel good... but it can't be pleasant taking it all the way back to your throat like that. Don't push yourself too hard, okay?
Sachi: ...You really are too kind, Yuu-kun.
Sachi: But that's exactly why I want to try so hard for you...
Narration: *My attempt to be considerate was apparently somewhat counterproductive. Taking my cock into her mouth again, Sachi begins moving more vigorously than before.*
Sachi: *Smack*... *sluurp*... mmmm... *smack*... haaah...
Narration: *She's moving her head at a steady, contained rhythm, but her tongue's moving around like crazy inside her mouth.*
Narration: *I guess maids always try not to appear "unseemly" in front of their masters... but it's pretty impressive that Sachi's learned how to pull that off under these circumstances.*
Sachi: *Smack*... *slurp*... Haah... *smack*... *shulp*...
Narration: *Now that she's gotten "serious," Sachi's really going all-out.*
Narration: *Trying to weather the storm, I find myself tensing up the lower half of my body.*
Sachi: Nhaah... don't worry... I won't forget to lick you here, either... nn, *shlp*... *kiss*...
Narration: *Letting my cock slip out of her mouth, Sachi extends her tongue to gently stimulate its very tip. A tingling sense of pleasure courses through my waist.*
Sachi: Next up... is this... nnfh, *smack*...
Narration: *Seeing that I've managed to endure her previous attack, Sachi slips my dick back into her mouth and promptly starts stimulating a different part of it.*
Sachi: Nhaah... *shmack*... *sluurp*... *slurp*... haah...
Sachi: Ah... Your dick is leaking cowper's fluid...
Yuuji: You know, it's kind of a turn-off when you use the scientific name for it...
Sachi: Very well, then... I shall refer to it as penis-juice from this day forth... mmm... *sluurp*...
Sachi: *Smack*... *sluuurp*... pwah... mmm... mmmmm...
Narration: *Her hot tongue slides across the head of my cock, then stops at the point where my shaft meets the crown.*
Sachi: *Smack*... *sluurp*... fwaah.. mmmm... Kuh... *smack*
Narration: *Apparently realizing that it won't be easy to reach the back of my shaft with her tongue from this position, Sachi instead opts to bite down it very lightly.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *The stimulation's so powerful that I'm almost fooled into thinking I just came.*
Sachi: Hehehe... Yuu-kun, your penis just twitched. Did it feel that good?
Narration: *At this rate, it's going to end before I can do a thing.*
Narration: *I need to avoid that at all costs... and so, I reach out to touch Sachi's exposed pussy.*
Sachi: Hyaan!?
Narration: *Surprised by the sudden stimulation, Sachi lets out a high-pitched squeal.*
Yuuji: Hrm. To think I'd find a defenseless pussy just sitting here...
Sachi: I-I'm not sure... why you're pretending to be surprised...
Sachi: Honestly, I was just about to make you come... why did you have to go and touch me there, Yuu... uunyah!
Narration: *Deciding not to let Sachi finish her train of thought, I start moving my finger slowly against her genitals.*
Yuuji: It was nice of you to save me the trouble of taking off your panties. Your labia's as lovely as ever... but we'll have to see about your sensitivity...
Sachi: Fwaaah... your finger...Yuu-kun, your finger's... aaah... mmmm!!
Yuuji: Looks about the same as always... I wonder how long you'll last today...?
Narration: *Pleased to see that Sachi's reactions haven't changed, I start moving my finger more quickly against the entrance of her vagina.*
Sachi: And you keep teasing me there... that's not fair...
Yuuji: What do you mean, teasing?
Sachi: You're deliberately avoiding my most sensitive spot... and only touching the area around it...
Sachi: Ahaa... aah, haah... mmmm... now it's actually starting to ache... what a strange feeling...
Narration: *Careful not to touch her clitoris or her labia minora, I continue to stimulate Sachi's vagina... and eventually, a sticky, warm fluid begins to flow out from inside her.*
Yuuji: For all your complaints, your pussy seems to be welcoming me.
Sachi: Well... when you're being touched by the person you love... anyone would... fwaah!
Yuuji: Seems like the tables have turned, eh...?
Sachi: Not... yet... I haven't lost yet...! Nngh, *smack*...
Narration: *Stoically enduring the pleasure I'm providing her, Sachi takes my cock back into her mouth.*
Sachi: I'm... hohha hake hou come firsht, Yuu-kun... mmmm...
Sachi: *Sluurp*... *smack*... mmm... mmmmm... *sluurp*... haah...
Narration: *Apparently realizing that she's at a disadvantage, Sachi grabs hold of my shaft with both hands and launches a vigorous attack in an attempt to distract herself from my ministrations.*
Sachi: Fumun! Mmmm, aaah... haaah... *smack*... *sluurp*... *slhuurp*...
Narration: *Twisting her hips in a futile attempt to escape the pleasure, she focuses her attention entirely on my penis.*
Sachi: Nhaaa... Haaah... your cock... is so hot, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Your pussy's getting really wet too, Sachi.
Sachi: Th-That doesn't mean anything... it's just... water.
Yuuji: Water, huh...
Narration: *"If it really was possible to extract potable water from a beautiful woman's vagina... history might have taken a very different course during World War II..."*
Narration: *With these nonsensical thoughts running through my mind, I spread open Sachi's pussy with my fingers and bring my lips up to it. *
Sachi: Ahaa! Aaah...!
Narration: *Surprised by the sudden warmth of my lips, Sachi lets out a shrill little yelp.*
Sachi: Mmm... I can't believe it... are you actually...?
Yuuji: Of course. Wouldn't do to let this "water" go to waste, would it...?
Sachi: You can't be se... mmmm! Stop... it's dirty down there...
Yuuji: You took a bath because you expected this to happen, right? There shouldn't be a problem...
Sachi: Y-You... d-don't need to spell it out like that... nhaaah!
Narration: *To borrow Sachi's phrase... I've learned all her "weak points" too.*
Narration: *Putting that knowledge to work, I press my tongue carefully against her vagina.*
Sachi: Fwaah! Mmmm... *smack*... mmmm! Haaah... aaah... mmmm!
Narration: *My tongue slides across Sachi's pink labia. Little moans escape her lips every time she stops to take a breath; it only encourages me to continue.*
Narration: *A little while ago, she probably wouldn't have been able to do anything in the face of this kind of pleasure... but this time, she's really hanging in there.*
Yuuji: I'm impressed by your determination... but what happens if I touch you here?
Narration: *As the words leave my mouth, I pinch her stiff, exposed clitoris between my fingers.*
Sachi: Hyaah! Aaah... Haaah... no... no there... that feels too good...
Narration: *Sachi arches her back sharply... but after drawing a deep breath, she puts my dick back in her mouth and picks up where she left off.*
Sachi: Mmmm, puh... chhhpt! *Smack*... *sluurp*... *smack*... haah...
Yuuji: Guh...
Narration: *She's stimulating my glans while simultaneously stroking my shaft with her lips. I can feel the urge to come rising up inside me.*
Narration: *However, I keep pressing on, determined to make Sachi come before I do.*
Sachi: Aaaah... aaaah... mmmm! Fwa... *splosh*... fwaah... *smack*... *sluurp*...
Narration: *I bury my face deep into her pussy, then violently thrust my tongue inside her.*
Sachi: Muuu! Mmmm... mmmm... *smack*... *sluurp*... *smack*...
Narration: *In retaliation, Sachi runs her tongue wildly over my cock, stubbornly refusing to give in.*
Sachi: Nhaaah... Haah... Your dick's twitching again, Yuu-kun... you must be nearing your limits...
Yuuji: Looks like you're getting there too, Sachi...
Sachi: Indeed... to be honest, it feels so good that I believe my mind may go blank if I let down my guard... I might climax at any moment...
Yuuji: I see. Well, glad to hear you're enjoying yourself...
Sachi: It makes me happy... to know you're feeling pleasure as well, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: Fwaaaaah! Aaah... aaah! Mmmm... *smack*... *sluuurp*... *shlp*... *shlurp*...
Narration: *The two of us are still goading each other like a pair of immature kids... but our bodies are definitely nearing their limits.*
Narration: *As we continue to caress each other fiercely, our shallow breaths give way to gasps and pants.*
Sachi: Yuu-kun... mmmm... *smack*... fwah... *Sluuuurp*...
Yuuji: Guh... Sachi, I can't hold on any longer...
Sachi: Mmm... hyaaah! Come whenever you hant... you han ush my moush... to your hearsh honthent... *smack*... *sluurp*...
Sachi: *Smack*... mmm... *sluurp*... *smack*... fwah... mmmm!
Narration: *Forgetting all about our little "competition," I jam my tongue into Sachi's vagina as deep as it can go... and her body spasms above me.*
Narration: *An instant later, a tingling pleasure shoots through my lower abdomen.*
Yuuji: # **Kuh...!**
Sachi: Fwaaaaaaaah! Aaah, aaaah... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!!
Narration: *My orgasm's all the more powerful because of how long I held it back. The semen rockets into Sachi's mouth; my penis slips free and sprays the rest of my load all over her face.*
Sachi: Mmm... mmm... mmmm...
Sachi: Mmm... Haaah... there's so much of... your sperm, Yuu-kun... mmmm... haaah... haaah...
Narration: *After my long ejaculation finally ends, Sachi looks up at me dazedly... the very picture of a satisfied woman.*
Yuuji: That was a pretty big orgasm just now... you all right?
Sachi: Yes... I still love you just as much, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Uh... right...
Narration: *It's clear from that response that Sachi's still a little out of it, but it looks like my body's not satisfied just yet.*
Yuuji: Sachi... sorry to bother you while you're basking in that afterglow, but I'm still hard here.
Sachi: Your concern for me is touching... but there's no need to hold back on my account...
Sachi: I want to make love to you as well, Yuu-kun... so please partake of me to your heart's content.
Yuuji: That's the plan...
Narration: *Her smile's so seductive that it's hard to believe she's younger than me. Helping her to her knees, I lift up her skirt from behind.*
Sachi: Aaaah...
Yuuji: Hrm... looks like you're already soaked...
Sachi: I'm terribly sorry... when I came earlier... I also urinated slightly...
Yuuji: Heh. Leaky little Sacchan...
Sachi: Please don't. What if someone actually makes a nursery rhyme out of that...?
Sachi: You know... Leaky Little Sacchan, she pees as she comes...♪ What a naughty girl she is, my son...♪
Narration: *"What the hell kind of a nursery would that be...?"*
Narration: *Resisting the urge to make a snappy comeback, I position myself carefully behind Sachi in order to penetrate her.*
Yuuji: I'm putting it in now. You ready, Sachi?
Sachi: Yes... whenever you are...
Narration: *I align my still-erect penis with Sachi's pussy, then slowly start rubbing against her, following the curves of her body.*
Sachi: Aaaah... mmmm... mmmm... Fwaah...
Narration: *Moving with teasing slowness, I get my penis nice and wet with Sachi's juices.*
Narration: *After enjoying the way she moans at my every movement for a little while, I finally push my way into her.*
Sachi: Nhaaah... aaaah... aaaah... aaaah... aaaah... mmmm!
Narration: *By the time I'm finally done with my slow, steady insertion, her whole body's shivering and trembling.*
Sachi: Nhaa... your... dick's finally inside me, Yuu-kun... mmmm...
Yuuji: Yep. Feels like your vagina's glad to have me, too...
Sachi: Of course... you're always welcome inside me, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *That unabashed honesty is so adorable that I find myself wanting to give her even more pleasure.*
Sachi: Fwaaah... aaah... aaah...!
Narration: *I push my way through Sachi's soft walls, reaching all the way to her deepest depths before stopping to take a breath.*
Narration: *Despite how wet she is, the girl's pussy is still clamping down on me pretty tightly.*
Sachi: Mmm... umm... Yuu-kun... is it just me, or are you even bigger than usual?
Yuuji: Just means I'm incredibly turned on right now, I guess.
Sachi: I'm very glad to hear that... it seems I didn't wear this maid uniform in naught...
Yuuji: Sachi...
Narration: *The girl's just too damn adorable. Spurred on by my affection for her, I start moving my hips once again.*
Sachi: Nhaaa... ah, aah... mmmm...
Narration: *Every time I pull back, the crown of my dick rubs against her G-spot, and she reflexively clamps down on me.*
Yuuji: Seems like... you like it more when I'm pulling out than when I'm thrusting in...
Sachi: I-I'm not too sure myself, but... mmmm... it feels like the edge of your head... is rubbing against my stomach...
Narration: *Every time I stimulate her G-spot, Sachi reflexively tightens her grip on the bedsheets.*
Sachi: Aaaahn! Aaah... aah... we've done this so many times... why is it still... so amazing...?
Yuuji: What, you can't understand why it feels so good?
Sachi: Yes... at this rate... by the time I graduate Mihama Academy, I'll be naughty enough to shock even Amane-san...
Yuuji: I don't think I'd complain, personally...
Sachi: You might not mind, Yuu-kun... nhaaaah... b-but I... mmmgh!
Narration: *Sachi's on all fours now, with her ass pointing up at me. Her body's swaying back and forth so vigorously that she can't seem to finish a single sentence.*
Sachi: In any case... this position really is embarrassing...
Yuuji: Well, sure... I guess this is how animals do it...
Sachi: Indeed... I'm reminded of a pair of Shiba dogs I happened to see mating when I was young...
Yuuji: All right, why don't we try fucking like dogs too...? A little more... wildly!
Sachi: Wait... aaah... aaaaah! No! Yuu-kun...!
Narration: *Despite Sachi's protests, I start moving my hips harder and faster, slapping our bodies together as loudly as I can. Fortunately, I can't see the girl's face right now... so she can't appeal to my conscience.*
Sachi: Nooo... mmmm! Aaah... i-it's so... so loud...!
Narration: *The sound of flesh slapping against flesh echoes throughout the room, and Sachi quivers in abject embarrassment.*
Yuuji: Doesn't that make it feel even better, though?
Sachi: Yes, but... that only makes it harder to keep my voice down... aah... nnngh!
Yuuji: Who cares? Why don't we let everyone else hear that adorable voice of yours?
Sachi: Mmmm... N-No, we can't! If someone complains... then I might not be able to have sex with you anymore, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Don't worry, I won't let that happen. I'd be the one dying of frustration in that scenario...
Sachi: Fwaaah! Aaah... Aaaahn... Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun...!
Narration: *Sachi can't manage to say anything other than my name, but the way her pussy squeezes down on me conveys clearly enough how happy she is.*
Sachi: In that case... you can be even rougher...! Do whatever... you like with me, Yuu-kun...!
Sachi: Nhaaah! Aaahn! Aaah... haaah... aaaah... aaah...!
Narration: *I respond by tightly grabbing Sachi's butt and thrusting even harder.*
Sachi: Aaah! Aaaahn! Aaah... Yuu-kun... you're always... so rough with me... mmmm...!
Yuuji: I don't think you really mind... do you...?
Sachi: Well, uhm... ah! Mmmm! I can't... answer that question...!
Narration: *With every thrust, sticky fluid spills out of the depths of Sachi's vagina and dribbles messily out onto the sheets.*
Sachi: But... no matter how forceful you are... it never feels like you're being violent...
Yuuji: Guess you're starting to understand the joys of doggy-style, huh...?
Sachi: That's right...! I'm a lewd maid... who gets aroused when you pound your dick into me! Mmm... nnngh!
Narration: *Her pussy's completely lubricated with her fluids by now; my thrusts are smooth and easy.*
Yuuji: Good to hear. The more honest you are, the better I'll make you feel...
Sachi: Thank you... very much...
Sachi: But you need to enjoy this too, Yuu-kun! So I'll... ngh... do my best...!
Narration: *Sachi turns back to smile at me... and the walls of her vagina suddenly clamp down on me with unprecedented force.*
Yuuji: Kuh! If you keep squeezing like that, I won't... last long...
Sachi: Th-That's all right... mmmm... you can enjoy my pussy... as many times as you like...
Narration: *Up until this point, Sachi had left most of the moving to me... but now she's started shaking her hips in tune with my own thrusts.*
Narration: *It only amplifies the pleasure, spurring us to move more quickly.*
Sachi: Fwaaah! Your dick's... going so deep inside me...! It's knocking... against my womb... over and over... mmgh...!
Narration: *I can see beads of sweat forming on the nape of Sachi's neck. It's a testament to how vigorously we're going at it.*
Yuuji: It doesn't hurt, does it...?
Sachi: Not at all... I'm fine... Haah! I'm just... a little sensitive... thanks to my earlier orgasm...
Sachi: Mmmm... mmmm... I'm... about to come again...
Yuuji: I hate to admit it, but... I'm almost there too...
Sachi: Aaah! Mmmm! Haah... i-in that case... let's come together, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Yeah... That's the plan...
Narration: *"Fucking like dogs," huh...?*
Narration: *I'd said something to that effect earlier as a joke... but at this point, it's basically an accurate description.*
Sachi: Yaaah! Aaah... aaahn! Aaah... aaaaaah... if you thrust... that deeply, I'm... I'm going to...!
Sachi: Fwaaah! Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun! Yuu-kun!
Yuuji: ...Sachi... Sachi! Sachi!
Narration: *As the two of us call out each other's names, a surge of pleasure far greater than the last one rises up inside me.*
Sachi: Mmmmm! I can't hold it... mmmm... I'm... about to...!
Yuuji: Guh... hold out just a bit longer, Sachi!
Narration: *Trying to synchronize our climaxes, I start thrusting as fast as I can, seeking even deeper pleasure.*
Sachi: Haaah! Aaah... Aaaahn! I can't! It... feels sooo good... I can't wait any longer...!!
Sachi: I'm coming! I... don't... mmmm... Fwaaah... Aaaah!
Narration: *The instant the tip of my dick reaches the mouth of Sachi's womb, her walls contract so tightly that it's almost painful.*
Yuuji: Kaah! Sachiii!
Sachi: Yaaaah... Aaaah... Aaaah... Fwaaaaaaaahnn!
Narration: *Unable to withstand the pressure, I ejaculate... letting out so much semen that you'd never guess I'd already came just a few minutes earlier.*
Sachi: Aaahn... Aaaah... mmmm... mmmm...
Narration: *Even as I'm coming, Sachi's walls continue to expand and contract around me, trying to squeeze every last drop of my sperm into her womb.*
Sachi: Haaah... haaah... haaah... haah...
Sachi: Fwaah... mmm... I can feel... your burning hot sperm in my belly... and there's so much of it...
Yuuji: Yeah... I'm kind of surprised myself at how much I came...
Sachi: Hehehe... sometimes it feels like your reservoir's endless, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Well, if I'm some kind of wild beast... you must be one hell of a slutty maid to get me off that quickly...
Sachi: That's right... I'm your personal slutty maid, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Right... thanks, Sachi...
Sachi: Anytime. I love you, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *As Sachi smiles weakly at me, I hug her tightly from behind.*
Narration: *And with a gentle kiss to the nape of her neck... I ease her down into the bed with me.*

Date: *September 12, 2012, 04:45 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *"There's nothing more hellish than getting tossed into the sea at night with your clothes on."*
Narration: *One of the friends I made at my "school" in America, a guy who went on to become a marine, brought that fact up whenever he got a little alcohol in his system.*
Narration: *Clothes that aren't specifically designed for swimming have some serious water resistance. That makes every movement a challenge; just staying afloat while clothed takes much more strength than you'd think.*
Narration: *On top of that, the sea is pitch-black at night, so you're naturally thrown into a state of panic. Everyone thrashes around trying to keep their faces above water, clutching desperately at anything or anyone they can.*
Narration: *From above, it apparently resembles nothing so much as spirits crawling up out of hell to drag the living down with them.*
Narration: *If you're wondering why I'm remembering this charming story... it's because I'm currently undergoing a similar experience in my own bed.*
Yuuji: Guh...
Narration: *As I wake from sleep, I'm immediately aware that my body's being squeezed tightly, as if by the coils of an enormous snake.*
Narration: *However, the responsible party is neither a reptile nor a vengeful spirit. It's my girlfriend.*
Sachi: Nnnh... Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Even as she mutters adorably in her sleep, Sachi's legs squeeze my thigh with redoubled force.*
Narration: *Of course, the girl's only human. Every once in a while, when you're really having trouble sleeping, it's understandable to use your partner's body as a makeshift pillow.*
Narration: *However, this right here is a premeditated crime, which changes things significantly.*
Yuuji: ...Come on, Sachi. You're awake, aren't you?
Sachi: Zzz... zzz...
Narration: *I don't know how many times I've asked her this by now. Not that she ever replies.*
Narration: *After a solid year of this routine, I've naturally developed a few more effective ways to handle the situation.*
Yuuji: If you don't stop pretending to be asleep right now, I'm going to ban you from sharing my bed.
Sachi: Well, that simply won't do...
Narration: *The instant I whisper my threat into Sachi's ear, she replies in a slightly disgruntled tone of voice.*
Yuuji: I don't want to deny my girlfriend the chance to express her affection, but... it gets a little hard to breathe when you wrap yourself around me that tightly.
Sachi: So you say, but little Yuu-kun here seems to be enjoying himself. Look how big he's gotten already...
Yuuji: Only because a certain someone keeps rubbing her thighs against him.
Sachi: Good morning, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Seriously, can you not talk to my penis...? Also, stop ignoring me...
Sachi: I'm listening to every word, I assure you.
Sachi: However... your defenses are normally all but impenetrable. In order to obtain my recommended daily Yuu-kun intake, I'm essentially forced to attack you in your sleep.
Yuuji: You think like an assassin, woman...
Sachi: ...Is it... such a nuisance...?
Narration: *Gripping my sleeve with just the right amount of force, she gazes up at me with pleading eyes.*
Yuuji: ...Okay, who taught you to beg like that?
Sachi: Maki-chan.
Yuuji: In other words, it's ultimately Amane's fault.
Narration: *Sachi's imitating her closest friend, Makina. And Makina imitates the person she spends the most time with... Seems Suou Amane is the root of all evil.*
Yuuji: Anyway, you make it sound like I'm depriving you of love. We just spent the night together, didn't we?
Sachi: Having sex is an expression of our mutual passion. While it bears some similarity to lovey-dovey cuddling, they're fundamentally different things.
Yuuji: This is getting downright philosophical...
Sachi: Not at all. It's really quite simple.
Sachi: Essentially, there would be no problem if you fulfilled my needs on a more regular basis. Perhaps with remarks such as "You're so cute, Sachi. I want to make you into my hug pillow. Kissy kiss kiss." 
Yuuji: If I ever fell that low, I think the self-loathing might drive me to suicide...
Sachi: In any case, I'm not trying to make a nuisance of myself, so I'll endeavor to stop assaulting you in your sleep as of today.
Yuuji: Surprisingly understanding of you.
Sachi: In return, I'd like you to compromise as well.
Yuuji: I don't have a problem with that, but... what sort of "compromise" did you have in mind, exactly?
Sachi: ...May I request anything I want?
Yuuji: Well, anything I can provide.
Sachi: I can compel you to show me affection any way I wish...? Oh my, I can barely contain myself...
Yuuji: ...I'd appreciate it if you went with something fairly low on the difficulty scale.
Sachi: Hmm, very well...
Sachi: Nn...
Narration: *After thinking it over for a little while, Sachi closes her eyes and brings her face up to mine.*
Yuuji: ...Uh, let's see. You want me to slap you on the cheek?
Sachi: Please don't make me sock you, Yuu-kun. I'm currently requesting the classic "good morning kiss," a ritual all lovers are obligated to perform.
Yuuji: Understood. However, I'd like to point out that the human mouth is said to contain more bacteria in the morning than the seat of a public―
Sachi: Therrre he goes again, tryin' to distract me with his hogwash...
Yuuji: Well, it's the truth.
Sachi: It most certainly is not. Even first thing in the morning, my mouth is apple-flavored, and I fully expect yours to offer a rich sharky taste.
Yuuji: ...A sharky taste?
Narration: *What kind of flavor would that even be? People talk about shark "meat," but it's fundamentally fish, right? I think they use them as an ingredient in fish paste and hanpen cakes, so...*
Sachi: *Smack*
Yuuji: Nn―
Narration: *As I consider the matter with far more seriousness than it warrants, Sachi abruptly forces her lips against mine.*
Sachi: Nnh...
Narration: *Halfway through the kiss, she opens her eyes just a little, sending a silent message: "How very careless of you."*
Sachi: ...Haah.
Sachi: Lately, I've come to realize that you let down your guard when I distract you like that.
Narration: *As she announces this, Sachi offers me a satisfied smile.*
Yuuji: Honestly... you're a real handful now that you've gotten so brazen...
Sachi: Well, I don't think a timid young lady would be particularly suited to the role of your wife.
Yuuji: ...True enough.
Narration: *Fortunately, there doesn't seem to be anyone trying to approach this dorm at the moment, so the risk of a sudden crisis is probably well under ten percent for the foreseeable future...*
Narration: *But if someone were to attack in the middle of the night, I'm confident Sachi would be composed enough to wake up and take immediate evasive action.*
Sachi: And just to reiterate: it's entirely your fault that I have to do things this way, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *"Be tough on other people, but even tougher on yourself."*
Narration: *Unless you keep yourself watchful and alert at all times, you'll end up getting into trouble when you least expect it.*
Narration: *My master and instructors drilled those lessons into my head, but perhaps it wouldn't hurt to let down my guard on occasion.*
Yuuji: Here's what I'm getting at, Sakaki. Do you think I should try to go "dere"?
Yumiko: Uhm... are you all right? If you're feeling poorly, I can direct you to a trustworthy hospital.
Yuuji: Are you seriously worried about my mental health? Seems like a bit of an overreaction...
Yumiko: I mean, you called me here asking for "advice," and this is what it's about? I don't think you can blame me if I'm a little concerned.
Yuuji: Is it really so surprising that I'd bring this up?
Yumiko: Yes. I'm confident Suou-san or Matsushima-san would have reacted the same way, if you'd approached them instead.
Yuuji: I'll take your word for it...
Yumiko: Anyway, where on earth did this come from? From all appearances, you two seem to be getting along quite well these days.
Yuuji: I think so too, and it's not exactly a critical problem... but Sachi's been telling me that I'm too "guarded."
Yumiko: ...Oh, I see.
Narration: *Sakaki nods thoughtfully, as if this clears everything up.*
Yumiko: I think you're probably well aware at this point, but... Komine-san was probably repressing her "true self" more than anyone else at this school.
Yuuji: Yeah. Think that's pretty obvious, if you compare her to the way she was a year ago.
Yumiko: And now, she's in a relationship with someone she loves, with marriage fast approaching. It must be the very height of happiness.
Yumiko: Given all that, it seems only natural that she'd want to express her affection more openly... to spend more time with you than ever before.
Yuuji: Makes sense...
Yumiko: Well, I suppose you might dismiss anything I have to say as the fantasies of a virgin, but...
Yuuji: Of course not. Your advice is always on point, Sakaki. That's why I came to you.
Yumiko: I see... Nice to hear, I suppose...
Yumiko: If you'd like my personal opinion... even if you are rather "guarded," I think you've already mellowed quite a lot over the last year.
Yuuji: Really?
Yumiko: Yes. When we first met, you barely said anything other than "Hrm," "Understood," or "Not a problem." Holding a conversation with you was quite a challenge.
Yuuji: I know I'm not the world's most sociable person, but I don't remember it being that bad...
Yumiko: That's how I felt at the time, so I expect Komine-san may have had similar impressions.
Yuuji: You think Sachi's request is reasonable, then?
Yumiko: I suppose. I'm not telling you to make fools of yourselves in public, but I'm sure you can manage to be a bit less reserved. Komine-san would probably be delighted.
Yuuji: Hrm... I see. I was right to ask for your advice, Commander Sakaki. Sorry for taking your time.
Yumiko: I don't recall becoming your superior officer, but in any case... if you want to repay me, then make sure you give your girlfriend what she wants.
Yuuji: Not to worry. Kazami Yuuji may have his weak points, but the word "impossible" isn't in his dictionary.
Sachi: ～♪　～♪　～♪
Narration: *Descending to the first floor of the dorm in search of Sachi, I find her pushing a vacuum cleaner across the lobby while humming cheerfully to herself.*
Yuuji: Hello there, Sachi. Cleaning in your spare time again? Your devotion to service knows no bounds.
Sachi: That's a rather peculiar remark... If anything, I think I'm usually the one being serviced... Oh, wait. That wasn't what you meant, was it?
Yuuji: ...Is it just me, or are you cracking more dirty jokes lately?
Sachi: Well, I think that's only to be expected. A healthy interest in sexual matters is natural at my age, and you've been providing me with daily "lessons." 
Yuuji: Is that really the problem? Maybe we should cut back on the frequency of those lessons. Cramming too hard is no way to learn, after all.
Sachi: *Whimper*...
Yuuji: Don't look so downhearted, Sachi. I have some good news for you.
Sachi: From now on, we'll be going to a hotel instead?
Yuuji: That's not it. I've decided to wholeheartedly accept your request for blatantly sappy displays of affection.
Sachi: Are you saying...?
Yuuji: Yes. I've decided to go "dere."
Sachi: ......
Sachi: I'm sorry, Yuu-kun... would you mind repeating that?
Yuuji: I... will go "dere"!
Narration: *Grabbing Sachi firmly by the shoulders, I deliver this announcement as forcefully as I can.*
Sachi: Aah... this must be a hallucinatory expression of my heart's desires... Yes, that has to be it...
Yuuji: Wrong. This is really happening.
Sachi: But why? What changed your mind so suddenly?
Yuuji: Well, it seems you aren't alone in thinking that I'm too "guarded"...
Yuuji: And logically speaking, a man should take pleasure in the act of flirting with a woman he loves. I'm forced to conclude that my attempts to avoid this were misguided.
Sachi: Oh, Yuu-kun, I'd expect no less. Such a forthright admission of error! I can feel my uterus throbbing with love...
Yuuji: Don't soil your underwear, all right?
Sachi: However... as I think you'll understand from your interactions with Michiru-sama, the art of "dere" is not so simple as it might seem.
Sachi: I know this may seem presumptuous, but I would like to put your newfound resolve to the test.
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Very well.
Sachi: All right then. Are you ready?
Yuuji: Whenever you are.
Narration: *As soon as I nod, Sachi takes a long, deep breath, preparing herself for the task at hand.*
Sachi: Yuuu-kun!♪
Yuuji: ...What is it?
Sachi: Oh, nothing. I just felt like saying your name.
Yuuji: Guhhh...
Sachi: ...You just cringed from the bottom of your heart, didn't you?
Yuuji: Yeah... if it was anyone but you, I might have thrown a punch...
Sachi: That doesn't qualify as "dere," I'm afraid. The appropriate response would be "Ha ha ha, you silly little thing," and a gentle poke to the forehead.
Yuuji: If I saw a couple doing that on the street, I'd have to suppress the urge to beat them senseless.
Sachi: This is only practice, Yuu-kun. It's going to be rather difficult to master the art of "dere" if you can't perform it now...
Yuuji: Sorry... I'm a failure as a boyfriend...
Sachi: There's no need to apologize. It makes me very happy just to know that you're trying.
Yuuji: Sachi...
Michiru: ...Look, I don't mind watching from the shadows, but... what are those two even doing?
Makina: Ya seriously can't tell? They're puttin' on a public dee-splay of affection.
Michiru: What, they're flirting? How is that flirting?
Amane: Well, everyone enjoys different things. As long as those two are satisfied, I think it counts as "quality time."
Michiru: That's even more confusing... I mean, Yuuji was totally forcing it just now, wasn't he?
Makina: Huh? It really seem that way ta you, Chiruchiru?
Amane: Looks like he's having fun to me...
Michiru: What!? Seriously!?
Amane: Normally, Sacchan's the one playing along with Yuuji's army games, so this balances things out nicely, don't you think?
Michiru: Well, maybe... but it still seems a little... weird, right?
Makina: Listen up, Chiruchiru. Those two might be gettin' married, but they started off as strangers. Ya can't expect two totally different people to fit together perfec'y...
Makina: If ya show me a "normal" relationship, I'll show ya two people playin' house. Capeesh?
Michiru: Uh, that actually sounded pretty impressive... What the heck are you, anyway?
Makina: Also, we're talkin' about Onii-chan here... the kinda guy who can give a girl the ol' iron claw without battin' an eye. Sacchin's the only one in the whole wide world who can get away with treatin' him like that, ya know?
Amane: Yeeeah, you've got a point there...
Narration: *...From this day on, I think I'll have to stop mocking Michiru and her "Tsundere practice."*
Narration: *Doing my best to hide the sense of shame looming over me, I gobble up the Japanese-style eggplant pasta Sachi made for lunch, then suggest we go out for an impromptu shopping trip.*
Sachi: Once you're past your thirties...♪ meat won't do the trick...♪
Yuuji: Is that the Tunafish Man theme you're singing?
Sachi: Yes. That General Spareribs spin-off movie we saw the other day was quite entertaining, wasn't it?
Yuuji: Have to say, the biggest surprise for me was seeing the theater packed with men and women of all ages...
Sachi: Well, that's Tunafish Man for you!
Narration: *I'm not sure how that's supposed to explain anything, but I can't deny that fish-man's impressively popular. Seems to appeal to a surprisingly wide range of people.*
Sachi: In any case, what shall we do with ourselves today? We just stocked up on basic necessities the other day...
Yuuji: Well, it's not like we need to actually buy anything, right?
Sachi: Is that... some kind of riddle?
Yuuji: Uh, not really. I'm just saying that a long, aimless walk with you sounds pretty good to me.
Sachi: ...What a surprise... Yuu-kun went "dere"...
Yuuji: What? Does that seriously qualify?
Sachi: Indeed. The way you casually dropped that sappy line into the middle of a normal conversation... was like the work of a romantic expert!
Yuuji: In that case, maybe I shouldn't try to force it...
Sachi: Yes, you might well be right about that.
Yuuji: I might not have much talent for the sappy stuff, but I'm definitely in love with you. Could find myself saying a few nauseatingly sweet things without even meaning to.
Sachi: Wah, they're coming one after another now... I'm getting rather embarrassed despite myself...
Narration: *This from the girl who can walk up to someone and say "I'm having my period, so I'd like to be excused from PE today" without batting an eye.*
Narration: *Sachi's actually pretty weak to surprise attacks. The contrast is cute enough that it's hard to resent her usual deadpan sarcasm... Honestly, she's just unfair.*
Yuuji: You really are a laugh, Sachi.
Narration: *Reaching out, I ruffle her hair affectionately.*
Sachi: Gah... I think "adorable" would have been a more appropriate choice of words...
Narration: *Apparently somewhat dissatisfied with my remark, Sachi puffs out her cheeks indignantly. Although I notice she's still blushing.*
Narration: *It feels like her face is growing more expressive with every passing day. Lately, just watching it is enough to fill me with a mysterious sense of contentment.*
Yuuji: Are there any shops you want to stop by yourself, Sachi?
Sachi: Let's see... there's a general store I've wanted to investigate for a while now. Why don't we start there?
Elderly Lady: Oh! Sacchan, wait!
Narration: *Just as I take Sachi's hand and turn in the direction of our new destination, an elderly lady we're acquainted with calls out to us from behind.*
Sachi: Oh. Good morning, Miss Takanashi.
Elderly Lady: Yes, good morning... but tell me, is it true? I heard you're getting married soon!
Sachi: Yes, that's true... although I don't remember letting everyone know yet...
Elderly Lady: Well, we didn't hear it from you, dearie. It was the governor's daughter... What was her name again? You know, that girl who still looks like she's a teenager...
Yuuji: Chizuru, eh...
Elderly Lady: Right! Chizuru-san told everyone at our last get-together. Yuuji-kun is the lucky man, I assume?
Sachi: Indeed. Yuu-kun and I are having our ceremony on the 23rd, so I'll be a married woman before long. It's all very exciting.
Elderly Lady: You don't say? I heard it would be soon, but this month... That's earlier than I expected...
Yuuji: All of our friends told us there was no reason to waste time, and September 23rd is Sachi's birthday, so it seemed like as good a date as any.
Elderly Lady: I see... Tell me, are you planning a reception or an afterparty?
Sachi: We're holding a formal ceremony in Mishima Cape, but I'm afraid there's no plan for a reception at the moment...
Elderly Lady: Oh, is that so...?
Elderly Lady: Our fool of a son doesn't seem likely to settle down any time soon, so I was hoping to at least get a look at Sacchan in her wedding dress before I head to the great beyond... What a shame.
Sachi: I'm sorry...
Elderly Lady: Well, it's nothing for you to feel sorry about, dearie.
Sachi: Of course...
Elderly Lady: ...More importantly, Yuuji-kun. How confident are you in your abilities?
Yuuji: Might you be refering to... the matter of marital relations?
Elderly Lady: You betcha. Good sex is the secret to a happy marriage, y'know.
Sachi: There's no cause for concern in that regard, I assure you.
Elderly Lady: ...Oh really? Is he that good, our Yuuji-kun?
Sachi: Oh my, yes. Enough to claim the title "Wild Stallion of Mihama" for his own.
Elderly Lady: Hoh hoh... If only I was 40 years younger, I'd like to take a ride myself...
Sachi: ...What's this? Granny, your shoulders look a bit stiff. 
Elderly Lady: Ow! Owch! S-Sacchan... I appreciate the thought, but you're rubbing them a bit too forcefully... And, uh... there's murder in your eyes?
Yuuji: I'm sorry... Sachi's actually a bit on the jealous side...
Sachi: Yuu-kun has an unfortunate habit of making eyes at women whenever he gets the chance. It's quite stressful being his girlfriend...
Elderly Lady: Hah hah hah. Well then, suppose I'll have to be more careful with my jokes from now on...
Elderly Lady: Oh, before you go, take these... Not much of an apology, but I hope you'll enjoy.
Narration: *With this, the old lady hands us a net full of fresh, raw oysters.*
Sachi: Uhm... that's very kind of you, but... are you sure?
Elderly Lady: Oh, it's fine. The old man reacts the same no matter what I put on his plate. I'm sure they'll be happier to get eaten by someone with a few working taste buds left.
Yuuji: Thank you very much. I'll remember the gift of these oysters as long as I live...
Elderly Lady: Ahahah. You really do like to blow things out of proportion, young man.
Narration: *The old lady deflects my words with a laugh, but I don't consider them disproportionate in the slightest.*
Narration: *This woman seems to be in her late sixties. She belongs to the post-war generation, one that learned the value of food through painful experience.*
Narration: *When it's coming from someone who's known hunger, there's no greater gift than food. It's only natural to respond with an appropriate level of gratitude.*
Boy A: Hey, it's Sachi-neechan!
Girl A: Sachi-oneechan, you and Yuuji-kun are getting married, right? You're so lucky!
Girl B: Ooh, ooh! How did he propose to you? What'd he say?
Narration: *All of a sudden, a small crowd of people is gathering around us, hurling a barrage of questions our way.*
Narration: *Sachi deftly parries each and every one of them in a characteristic display of poise.*
Young Man: ...Sorry, I couldn't help overhearing... you two are getting married?
Narration: *One young man in the crowd, however, speaks to me instead.*
Yuuji: Yes, we are. Is there something we can do for you?
Young Man: Well, not exactly, but... you two are students at Mihama Academy, aren't you?
Yuuji: I don't mind if you call us naive for marrying young, but our families and our school both approved. Hope you can be understanding.
Young Man: Oh no, I don't have any real objection... I was just wondering if you could protect that girl, come what may.
Yuuji: Hrm... I'd say so. As long as I'm alive, I'll protect Sachi from anything that threatens her. That's a promise.
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Young Man: Wow, wasn't expecting you to go that far. That's pretty impressive.
Yuuji: I don't think so. Anyone can say that much if they're determined enough.
Young Man: Determined, huh? I see...
Yuuji: Was there anything else you wanted to ask?
Young Man: No, no. Sorry for asking such a strange question... I'll be cheering for you two from a distance.
Yuuji: That's kind of you to say that.
Young Man: ...Well then, goodbye. I hope you're very happy together.
Sachi: Of course. Thank you very much. 
Narration: *As Sachi bows her head politely, the man offers a friendly nod in return, then strolls off down the street.*
Sachi: ...Was that someone you know, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: No, can't say I've ever seen him before.
Narration: *This is a "shopping district" and all, but it's pretty small-scale. I remember the faces of most of the people I've spoken with around here.*
Sachi: In that case, it seems even strangers are offering us their blessings.
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I suppose.
Sachi: Hm? Is something the matter?
Yuuji: I was just thinking... that guy smelled unusually nice, didn't he?
Sachi: Now that you mention it, he was wearing a cologne that smelled like soap, wasn't he?
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Sachi's not wrong about the cologne.*
Narration: *I think I picked up the hint of a strangely sweet odor underneath that stronger fragrance, but it might have just been my imagination.*
Sachi: In any case, let's get going to those shops, shall we?
Yuuji: ...Right.
Sachi: Uhm... are you sure I can't carry some of that for you?
Narration: *Staring at the countless plastic bags hanging from my arms, Sachi offers her help in a concerned tone of voice.*
Narration: *It seems the news of our impending marriage has spread all over town. By the time we finished our circuit of the shopping district, well-wishers had burdened me with a nearly unmanageable quantity of gifts.*
Yuuji: No cause for concern. I'm not soft enough to need my girlfriend's help with a task this simple.
Sachi: Ah, you're as manly as ever, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: That's right. No one need for a taxi when you've got me around... You picked out a real bargain, Sachi.
Sachi: Indeed. I'm a lucky woman to have found myself such a reliable boyfriend.
Narration: *From her tone of voice, it sounds like she means that sincerely.*
Narration: *Can't say it's a bad feeling to know my girlfriend feels that way.*
Sachi: But I must say... I'm a little surprised we've become such local celebrities.
Yuuji: I think Chizuru mentioning our marriage in that interview for the local paper has something to do with that...
Yuuji: She was probably trying to use the glamorous image of a wedding to counteract some of the negative impressions people have about Mihama Academy.
Sachi: In other words, our marriage is something of a public relations coup?
Yuuji: Kind of a nuisance for the people she's using as walking advertisements...
Sachi: Oh, don't say that. If there's some way for us to help the Academy, let's do everything we can.
Yuuji: Yeah, I suppose.
Narration: *We owe a lot to everyone at Mihama. It's only thanks to them that we've managed to make it this far.*
Narration: *I'm willing to put up with a bit of hassle if it means repaying some small part of that debt.*
Sachi: My birthday's... right around the corner, you know...
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Speaking of "counteracting negative impressions"... that actually has a lot to do with the reason I chose that date for our wedding.*
Narration: *I don't think Sachi has a lot of good memories associated with September 23rd. When she was younger, she spent a lot of lonely birthdays resenting her parents for their absence.*
Narration: *I'm hoping to overwrite that association with the kind of happiness a birthday usually involves.*
Sachi: We really are almost there, aren't we? I'm already looking forward to our next appointment with the planner.
Yuuji: Oh, come to think of it... when is that, anyway?
Sachi: The 16th. Honestly, try not to forget things like that.
Yuuji: Right. Well, I hope it goes more smoothly than the last one...
Narration: *My job's kind of a pain in the neck. I need to get approval from the people upstairs just to leave the prefecture.*
Narration: *More importantly, unless I apply for an absence beforehand, it's not uncommon for sudden calls from the "office" to make a mess of my plans.*
Sachi: By the way, we're scheduled to be selecting a wedding dress at this one.
Yuuji: We've come that far, huh...?
Sachi: Regarding that, I have two proposals to make about our ceremony... Would you be kind enough to consider them?
Yuuji: What kind of proposals?
Sachi: First of all, I'd like to have an open ceremony where uninvited guests are allowed to attend.
Yuuji: Miss Takanashi got to you, huh...
Sachi: There were actually quite a few other people who expressed interest in attending the wedding...
Sachi: So I think it might be a nice way to express our gratitude to everyone who's supported us over the years.
Yuuji: You've got a point there...
Narration: *I doubt Chizuru's going to object either, since it means the general public will have a chance to see our wedding in person.*
Yuuji: Okay, I'm on board. I'll discuss it with the planner right away.
Sachi: I appreciate it.
Yuuji: So what's the other proposal, then?
Sachi: Uhm... this one's less a proposal than a request, I suppose. Would you allow me to choose the wedding dress on my own?
Yuuji: You don't want me to come to that appointment, then?
Sachi: Oh, that's not it. I want to get an idea of your preferences, so I'd like to look over the dresses with you...
Sachi: But I'd prefer to make the final decision on my own, if that's all right with you.
Yuuji: Hrm... mind if I ask why?
Sachi: How should I put this...? I feel like it might make things a bit less exciting if you know what I'm wearing beforehand.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *I think I understand where Sachi's coming from.*
Narration: *When you're trying to make someone really happy, you want to do everything you possibly can to make the moment as special as possible.*
Narration: *It's probably the same way Sachi's parents felt as they secretly prepared that elaborate birthday surprise for her in their workshop.*
Yuuji: ...All right. In that case, I'll leave the decision up to you.
Sachi: ...Thank you, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Only one condition: make sure you pick a dress that makes me fall in love with you all over again.
Sachi: Oh, of course. In the name of my really rather excessive love for you, I swear to heaven and earth to accomplish that.
Narration: *Delivering this line with a smile, Sachi makes her way down the shopping district street with a skip in her step. The setting sun bathes her in its faint orange glow.*
Sachi: ～♪　～♪　～♪
Sachi: ～♪　～♪　～♪ ～♪　～♪
Narration: *The sound of her humming seems to express Sachi's feelings more eloquently than any words possibly could.*
Narration: *And I find myself newly determined to make sure our ceremony leaves her smiling more brightly than ever before.*

Date: *September 16, 2012, 8:30 AM - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *For the most part, "ceremonies" are designed for the enjoyment of the crowds, not for the benefit of whoever's actually being celebrated.*
Narration: *A festival might be about asking the gods for safety and good harvests, but the villagers still dance and sing. Even at a funeral, the survivors drink and reminisce about the departed.*
Narration: *The passage of time hasn't changed that basic dynamic. And apparently, it applies to our wedding as well.*
Michiru: The newlyweds just gotta make their entrance on a gondola, right!?
Sachi: Ah, a dramatic mechanical descent from the ceiling...? That is rather appealing...
Amane: I dunno, flying through the air on wires would be pretty cool too...
Makina: If ya wanna go that route, how's about a sky-dive wedding!? A little "yeaaargh" would make things hella fun!
Narration: *The moment I exit my room, I find myself in the middle of a boisterous conversation.*
Yuuji: I was wondering why you people were being so noisy out here first thing in the morning... Talking about the wedding again, huh?
Amane: Yep. We heard you guys are having another appointment with your planner today, so we're giving Sacchan our opinions.
Yuuji: Okay, but what you're talking about right now is a reception. We're not planning on having anything like that.
Sachi: Come to think of it, you're right...
Makina: Wait, why aren'tcha havin' a recep-shun, Onii-chan?
Yuuji: We did decide to tie the knot, but we're still just students. We can't start splurging on this sort of thing.
Michiru: Come on, this is your wedding! It's a once-in-a-lifetime moment for a girl! You gotta cut the cake with her and smash it in her face!
Sachi: I'm not aware of this particular fetish, but I'm always willing to experiment...
Michiru: Okay, no... I am NOT going to play along with this...
Sachi: Oh... of course. I'm sure you'd rather be "played" with, Michiru-sama. In the sexual sense.
Michiru: Is she doing this on purpose!?
Amane: ...Well, if Sacchan's alright with it, we shouldn't push her too hard.
Narration: *As the date of our wedding grows closer, it's been increasingly common for me to find the women happily discussing it like this.*
Narration: *I suppose it's proof that the people around us genuinely approve of our marriage...*
Narration: *But this level of support probably means they were eager to see us move past that vague "dating" phase and make the nature of our relationship clear.*
Narration: *Sachi had been worried that holding a ceremony so abruptly might rub people the wrong way, but it seems like that fear was totally unfounded.*
Michiru: C'mon, Sachi. Let's look through this special article about "marrying your childhood friend" next! 
Sachi: Of course.♪
Narration: *Watching from the corner of my eye as Sachi thumbs through Michiru's magazine with a smile on her face, I sit down and flip on the lobby television.*
Announcer: ...Next up in the news...
Announcer: Around 2:00 PM on the 15th, the police received a report of a suspicious package in a public park in Mishima Cape's third district...
Announcer: Where they found a cardboard box under a bench, containing a harmless model "explosive" that strongly resembled dynamite.
Announcer: Also, an hour before the report was received, a threat stating "I'm off to set a bomb" was posted on the internet.
Announcer: As a similar event took place in Mishima Cape only two months ago...
Announcer: It's believed they may have been perpetrated by the same individual - specifically, the "Toy Bomber" who left these postings on the internet. The police are actively pursuing an investigation.
Yuuji: So they plant "toy" bombs that don't actually explode... Interesting.
Amane: ...I really hope this is a dumb question, but... this isn't one of your games with Sacchan, is it?
Michiru: Wait, seriously!?
Yuuji: Of course not. If I was a mad bomber, I wouldn't leave dummies all over the place for no good reason.
Sachi: Also... while dynamite and the like are cheap and simple to acquire, plastic explosives are far easier to deal with.
Amane: Is it just me, or is their knowledge level making it harder to believe them...?
Michiru: But anyway, uh... it's not like you can just make a bomb that easily, right?
Yumiko: That's no longer the case.
Makina: Whoah! Since when have you been there, Yumi-chan...?
Yumiko: I've been here all along!
Yuuji: I didn't even notice. Not bad, Sakaki.
Yumiko: Kuh! Don't let it get to you... it's just a coincidence... just a coincidence...
Makina: Okay, we all get that yer forgettability's kinduva sore spot, Yumi-chan. Can ya get on with what you were talkin' about now?
Yumiko: Yes, yes, all right!!
Yumiko: ...These days, if you have access to the internet, you can gain detailed information on virtually anything. Even methods of building a bomb.
Michiru: Hmm... that does sound pretty convincing, coming from an internet addict like you...
Yumiko: What? I'm not addicted in the slightest...
Makina: I seem to remember ya gettin' weirdly cranky when th' fiber optic went down 'cause of the construction work on th' new school buildin'...
Yumiko: W-Well, that was just... uhm... you know...
Amane: I think we're getting a little off-track here... Are you saying it isn't that hard to make actual explosives anymore?
Yumiko: ...Yes. It's fairly common knowledge that you can make a dangerous bomb with materials you'll find in any convenience store.
Makina: Dang, seriously...? Get yer act together, convenience stores...
Sachi: I suppose they are "convenient" for criminals, as well as ourselves!
Amane: Okay, you really don't have to be clever about this...
Makina: Anyhoo, the real problem is that the thing they're talkin' about on teevee happened in OUR neighborhood.
Michiru: I know, right!? What if there's another Yuuji out there, ready to blow up buildings at the drop of a hat!? I'll be too scared to walk around the block!
Yuuji: Not to worry. It's pretty much impossible for your average joe to get their hands on that much explosive material.
Michiru: ...Then how did you manage it, Yuuji?
Yumiko: What a foolish question... You'd be better off not asking.
Michiru: Uhm, hey... is it just me, or do we actually have a super-scary guy in our class...?
Makina: Seriously? Yer just noticin' this now?
Amane: Anyway, the world's definitely getting more dangerous lately. Any thoughts, Yuuji? What would you do if Sacchan gets caught up in something like this?
Yuuji: Now that's what I'd call a foolish question.
Yuuji: No matter what the circumstances, I'll use all the means at my disposal to protect Sachi. Even if it means turning the entire world against me.
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Amane: In your case, I'm not even sure that's an exaggeration...
Michiru: Yuuji's seriously the single most "dangerous" thing in Mishima Cape, isn't he?
Yumiko: On the other hand, that means there's nowhere safer to be than at his side. You must glad to have such a dependable boyfriend, Komine-san.
Sachi: ...Yes. That's certainly true.
Narration: *Sachi smiles in response to Sakaki's words, but I don't fail to notice that it's not quite the same as her usual grin.*
Amane: Uh, by the way, are you two okay on time? When's your appointment today?
Sachi: We're scheduled to meet at ten this morning. And in the afternoon, we'll be playing in the park.
Michiru: You're picking out your wedding dress today, right?
Sachi: Indeed. I'm very much looking forward to trying them on.
Yumiko: Uh, Komine-san, I've been meaning to ask you... Are you sure you're all right with renting a ready-made dress?
Yumiko: If you and Kazami-kun are interested, I could have a custom tailor-made dress prepared for you...
Sachi: You really are very kind, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: ...Kindness has nothing to do with it. I just want to satisfy my own ego by contributing to your celebration.
Yuuji: Sakaki...
Sachi: I very much appreciate your feelings, Sakaki-san... but as Yuu-kun said earlier, we're only students at the moment.
Sachi: Also, my parents' wedding was apparently an intimate family affair...
Makina: And you wanna have a wedding like theirs, Sacchin?
Sachi: Yes...
Yumiko: ...I see. If that's how you feel, Komine-san, I won't press you further on the matter.
Yumiko: This wedding belongs to you two, not anyone else. You should do it exactly the way you want to.
Sachi: ...Thank you very much.
Planner: I'm so sorry to have kept you waiting! Uhm... today we'll be selecting your dress, correct?
Sachi: Yes. Thank you in advance for your assistance.
Planner: Of course! I'm looking forward to helping you!
Narration: *After taking her seat and getting through the pleasantries, our wedding planner spreads out her materials on top of the table.*
Narration: *This is her first year on the job, so she's got plenty of energy... and she also hasn't made any attempts to nudge us toward the more expensive options, in the way a jaded veteran might. Sachi and I both trust her.*
Planner: Oh, on another note... regarding the matter you brought up over the phone the other day...
Planner: As long as you don't exceed the chapel's capacity of 35 people, it should be possible to increase the number of guests in attendance without much change in the cost.
Sachi: Uhm... the price won't increase much?
Planner: Yes. The rental fee for your venue is largely determined by its size...
Planner: So the main reasons for a price increase would be if you needed more staff, or if you were holding a reception where additional gifts and meals would be necessary.
Sachi: I see. In that case, I do think I'd like to proceed... as long as you agree, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: Yeah, I don't have a problem with it.
Planner: Very well. In that case, we'll move forward with that change.
Sachi: I do appreciate it.
Planner: Now then, returning to the matter of your dress... did you have a chance to look through the catalog I provided you with previously?
Sachi: I did indeed. I'm afraid I left it rather creased, in fact. 
Planner: Hahahaha... so I can see...
Sachi: The more I looked, the more wonderful they all seemed... I found myself unable to narrow down my list of candidates.
Planner: I understand. You don't get many chances to wear a wedding dress, after all... Many people say the same thing.
Yuuji: Hrm... that a fact?
Planner: However, our inventory of wedding dresses is shared with a number of other establishments, so I think it would be best to make your decision as soon as possible.
Planner: Especially in your case... since there isn't much time left until the ceremony itself.
Sachi: I wonder if I can possibly make up my mind today...
Planner: It's going to be fine, Komine-san. I'll help you to the very best of my abilities, so let's find the perfect dress for you!!
Sachi: Certainly. If you're willing to go that far, miss... then I shall endeavor to try on every one of these dresses!
Planner: ...U-Uhm... every last one of them...? You're only joking, yes?
Sachi: Oh, I'm quite serious.
Yuuji: Sorry about that. My wife does joke around, but she doesn't tell lies.
Planner: Aha... ahahaha... I'll do my best...
Sachi: So halfway through the fitting, I ended up asking the other employees to model for me as well...
Sachi: And little by little, everyone began to enjoy themselves... Eventually, it turned into something of a girls-only fashion show.
Narration: *As we make our way to the park, the spot of today's date, Sachi happily tells me all about her session with the planners.*
Narration: *Women generally like to take as much time as they possibly can picking out their clothes... and when you're choosing a wedding dress, I suppose that's doubly true.*
Yuuji: You went pretty far over schedule there. How many did you check out altogether?
Sachi: Let's see... I'm afraid I lost track at 100.
Yuuji: What are you, some kind of legendary fighter pilot...?
Sachi: However, I believe that I did look over all the dresses they had in stock at the store.
Narration: *...No wonder it took so long.*
Yuuji: So... were you ultimately able to pick the one you're going to wear?
Sachi: Yes. I spotted the perfect dress just as our time was about to run out.
Yuuji: I see. Well, at least you found one in the end.
Sachi: This particular dress is so adorable that I'm positive you'll want to wear it as well, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Not sure what the point of that would be...
Narration: *Naturally, I was also deciding what I'd wear at the same time Sachi was picking out her dress...*
Narration: *But the very first outfit they showed me seemed good enough, so it took all of three seconds for me to finish.*
Narration: *That's not to say that I'm completely indifferent to what we wear. I'm definitely looking forward to seeing what Sachi looks like in her dress.*
Narration: *Although she no longer dresses like a maid day in and day out, the girl still tends to buy multiple copies of the same outfit and wear them over and over... so it has some real impact whenever I see her in something new.*
Sachi: Ah... you just had a rather dirty thought, didn't you?
Yuuji: Did it look that way?
Sachi: Most definitely. It isn't often I see you smirking like that, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ...Hmm. Well, I was having some pleasant thoughts, to be sure...
Sachi: Oh goodness... he confesses his perversion so readily...? It seems I will have to choose my lingerie with particular care tonight...
Sachi: Oh... it seems we've arrived at our destination.
Yuuji: It's just about noon, so why don't we start off by eating?
Sachi: Indeed. I woke up early today and worked quite hard on our lunch, so I do hope you're hungry.
Yuuji: Hmm... well, now I'm looking forward to it.
Sachi: ...Here you are. Eat up.♪
Narration: *Once we've spread out our plastic picnic sheet and settled down in the shade of a tree, Sachi offers me the first side dish with a blinding smile on her face.*
Yuuji: So first up, we've got... beans and sausage simmered in tomato sauce, huh?
Sachi: Incidentally, we're having riceballs with fava beans and mustard greens on the side.
Narration: *The principle behind Sachi's lunches is pretty clear. To put it simply, they're always full of food I like.*
Narration: *If I eat something enthusiastically the first time she serves it to me, she makes a note to serve it again. Anything I react poorly to doesn't show up on our plates again.*
Narration: *Through this trial-and-error process, she's narrowed her repertoire down to just the stuff I like.*
Narration: *Amane would try to find clever ways to get me to eat healthy ingredients I'm not fond of, but Sachi's pretty ruthless about cutting out anything that doesn't go over well.*
Narration: *Guess that comes down to a fundamental difference in their philosophy about food.*
Sachi: What do you think? I believe I'm beginning to produce quite a decent variety of the bean dishes you like so much...
Yuuji: Yeah. It's a pretty huge difference from that lunch full of plain cooked beans you made when we first started going out.
Sachi: Now that you mention it, I seem to recall myself crying into my pillow after you called that lunch "worse than military rations."
Narration: *Given that unfortunate history, it's easy to imagine the feelings Sachi put into this lunch.*
Narration: *She wants me to enjoy it, and she wants me to say it's delicious. Simple enough, but I can't say it's unpleasant.*
Yuuji: Hrm... it tastes good, too. Well done, Sachi.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Narration: *When I stroke her head like this, Sachi always smiles contentedly.*
Narration: *And when I see that blissful expression on her face, I can feel my own heart warming as well.*
Narration: *I don't really have any firm grounds for saying this, but... I think this is the exactly the kind of emotional connection you need if you want to spend the rest of your life with someone.*
Yuuji: Look, don't just sit there looking at me. You should eat too.
Sachi: Of course, I do plan to do so... but I'd like to watch you eat for just a little bit longer, Yuu-kun. 
Yuuji: You're not going to fill your stomach that way.
Sachi: That's not the case.
Yuuji: ...What?
Sachi: These days, I'm beginning to understand what my mother meant when she told me "watching someone eat food that you made is just as satisfying as eating it yourself."
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *Come to think of it, Sachi's been growing calmer and more caring lately... even a little "motherly," at times.*
Narration: *Maybe it feels that way to me because she's trying to follow in the footsteps of the gentle mother she remembers from her childhood.*
Sachi: Now that we've filled our bellies, it's time for some exercise!
Narration: *Having polished off our lunches, we've been relaxing for a few minutes when Sachi suddenly springs to her feet.*
Yuuji: I figured you'd say something pretty soon... What equipment do you want to play with today?
Sachi: What a silly question. I fully intend to play with everything.
Yuuji: Everything...?
Sachi: Indeed. Everything.♪
Narration: *I can't say no when she looks at me with those eager eyes, clearer than the waters of Lake Mashu.*
Narration: *Some time ago, I remember telling JB "I'm not stupid enough to fall for a honey-trap"... but it seems like I may have overestimated myself.*
Yuuji: ...All right. I'll follow your lead today, Sachi.
Sachi: For all your grumbling, you really are quite sweet at heart... That's what I love about you, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *...She really isn't taking any chances, is she?*
Sachi: Hmmm... let's see, what next...?
Yuuji: ...Phew.
Narration: *After leaping energetically off her swing, Sachi pauses to decide what we'll play with next. I take the opportunity to catch my breath.*
Narration: *I'm sure plenty of people would think a "date" involving playground equipment is a bit bizarre at our age, but there's actually a surprising level of depth to the experience.*
Narration: *Slides offer an opportunity for training in escape from high places, and climbing poles are a good substitute for the ropes you'd use in special forces boot camps.*
Narration: *Looking at it that way, the common playground starts to seem more like a facility for the development of child soldiers...*
Yuuji: Anyway... you're seriously inexhaustible when it comes to dates in the park, Sachi.
Sachi: I suppose I have you to thank for my present stamina, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Ah, you mean the morning runs...?
Sachi: Indeed. I started tagging along in order to spend a bit more time with you, but it's caused quite a noticeable improvement in my physical fitness.
Yuuji: That's definitely something to be happy about... but honestly, I think you have a little bit too much energy when the playground's concerned.
Sachi: I've reached a conclusion. Let's play on the seesaw next.♪
Narration: *Ignoring my complaints entirely, Sachi points to the next item on her itinerary.*
Yuuji: I'd like to keep playing along, but it's almost 5 PM. We should really be heading over to the hospital pretty soon, before they get busy with dinner.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: I suppose you're right. This won't be our last visit, so let's call it a day after this next one.
Narration: *Sachi's face clouds slightly for a moment, but her smile soon returns.*
Yuuji: I feel like you're casually laying the groundwork for next time, but... it's the seesaw for now, right?
Sachi: No. Since we need to be going soon, I'd like to finish things up with a session on the slide.
Yuuji: Hmm. Is that something you had in mind from the start?
Sachi: As a matter of fact, there is something I've always wanted to do on it. I decided yesterday that today would be the day.
Yuuji: Sounds like you came well-prepared...
Sachi: With that settled, let's stop wasting time. Vamonos, as they say.
Yuuji: Why'd you switch to Spanish at the end...?
Yuuji: So when you say sitting down "together"... is this what you meant?
Sachi: Yes. Perfect.
Narration: *Sachi turns back to confirm my position, then smiles in evident satisfaction.*
Narration: *Having followed her onto the slide as instructed, I'm now sitting directly behind her in a position akin to that of a bobsledder.*
Sachi: Please leave the rest of this event in the capable hands of Komine Sachi, self-proclaimed "Master of Playground Activities."
Yuuji: That enthusiasm is actually making me more worried, you know...
Sachi: There's no need for such concern. We'll just be sliding down exactly as we are.
Yuuji: What? That's really all you wanted to do?
Sachi: Indeed. Sliding down with our bodies pressed up against each other is the epitome of "lovey-dovey," don't you think?
Yuuji: Now that you mention it... I think I've seen American couples doing this sort of thing on waterslides at the pool...
Sachi: To put the matter simply, we're doing our best impression of the nauseatingly touchy-feely couple who'd be attacked first in any zombie film.
Yuuji: I'm not sure you're getting your ideas about romance from the best possible sources...
Sachi: Actually, there was one occasion in our childhood when I thought about asking you to do this... but I found myself too embarrassed to ask.
Yuuji: Guess that means you're not embarrassed anymore?
Sachi: I think it's more that I'm no longer patient enough to wait for you to suggest the things I want to do.
Yuuji: Sorry. I'm not too good at that sort of thing...
Sachi: It's quite all right. I'm well aware by now that you're a tsundere, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Have to say, I'm a little alarmed that Sachi's starting to put me in the same mental category as Michiru...*
Narration: *But as a man, I've got to take responsibility for making her spell everything out like this.*
Yuuji: All right then. I did declare my intention to go "dere," after all... and I wasn't lying when I told you I'd follow your lead.
Sachi: Excellent. I knew you'd be willing, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *While I have my justifications... deep down, I was mainly looking forward to seeing her smile like this. The girl's turning me into a bit of a hypocrite.*
Yuuji: So how do we go about doing this?
Sachi: As it happens, the most challenging part of this exercise lies ahead of us...
Sachi: If we do not begin our slide in perfect sync, we may end up bumping to a halt halfway down the slope in a most undignified fashion.
Yuuji: Don't want to have the neighborhood kids start calling us "the dorks who stopped halfway," that's for sure...
Sachi: In order to prevent that dreadful fate, I would like you to begin by shouting "I love you, Sachi!" at the top of your lungs.
Yuuji: ...What?
Sachi: Have you already forgotten the precepts of Kazami-style Super Self-Defense? In order to exihibit your full strength, it's important to begin by loosening up the tension in your muscles...
Yuuji: Sure, but I think a normal shout would work just as well...
Sachi: How long do you intend to hesitate!? Time is of the essence!!
Narration: *I feel like I'm being pushed into this, but... it doesn't seem like she's going to budge an inch until I do as she commands.*
Yuuji: Oh well, if you say so...
Yuuji: ...I love you, Sachi!!
Sachi: I didn't expect you to actually do it...
Narration: *The moment I hear these words from in front of me, Sachi places her hands on the edges of the slide.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi... please don't tell me that was all just a trick.
Sachi: ...Who can say?
Yuuji: I know I cause you some headaches, but you really shouldn't be lying to the person you're going to be marrying soon...
Sachi: Don't concern yourself with such trivialities, Yuu-kun. As long as you truly do love me, what's the harm?
Yuuji: Is that really the issue here...?
Sachi: It is indeed.
Sachi: Well then, I think it's about time. Ready... set...
Sachi: ...go!♪
Narration: *Extremely pleased with herself over the successful prank, Sachi proceeds to enjoy this "romantic sliding" routine to her heart's content...*
Narration: *And in the end, it's another hour before we set off toward the flower shop to pick up a bouquet for her mother.*

Sachi: ...Hey, Mom. Why'd you get married to Dad?
Mom: What...? Well, there's a reason for that, of course... but why are you asking about this all of a sudden, Sachi?
Sachi: Well, today my friend Hiroko told me you can't marry someone if you just like them. She said you hafta LIKE-like them.
Sachi: So, I got kinda curious about why you married Dad...
Mom: ...I see. So that's what it was.
Sachi: Is it 'cause you started to like-like him?
Mom: Like-like, huh...?
Mom: I suppose that's what it is for everyone, deep down... but my reason for marrying your Dad was actually a little odd.
Sachi: Huh? Mommy... are you an odd-ball?
Mom: Well... I'd like to think not, but... I wanted to help your Dad, more than anything else.
Sachi: ...You wanted... to help Dad?
Mom: Yep. Daddy loves machines... and when he gets all caught up in his work, sometimes he forgets about the world around him.
Sachi: Oh. Yeah, he forgets about dinner a lot... and sometimes he hurts his fingers.
Mom: Right. So I wanted to make sure he didn't hurt himself, and to give him a hand with his work.
Sachi: Really...? If Dad's a wizard, then I guess you're a sage, Mom.
Mom: ...A sage?
Sachi: Yeah. A sage can use magic to fight, just like a wizard. And if anyone gets hurt, they can use healing spells too!
Mom: Oh, I see... Yes, maybe it is a little something like that.
Sachi: My mom's a sage, huh? That's kinda cool! I wanna be just like you, Mom!!
Mom: Well, it's probably going to depend on the person you fall in love with... but at the very least, I'm glad my marriage worked out this way.
Sachi: Why are you glad?
Mom: Your dad's really cool when he's working hard. And I get to see him like that every single day.
Sachi: Oooh. So that's it...
Mom: So you see, Sachi... if you ever want to marry someone, I hope you'll think about what you can do for that person...
Sachi: What I can do...?
Mom: Right. If you really love that person, then you've got to try and make them as happy as you can.
Sachi: So that's what it means to like-like someone, huh?
Mom: Yep. You're good at studying and sports, Sachi, so I'm sure you'll turn out to be an even better bride than me.
Sachi: Yeah! I'll do my best!!
Mom: Hehehe. You really are growing into such a good girl, Sachi... It makes me happy.
Sachi: Ehehe...
Mom: By the way... what we talked about is our little secret, okay? You can't tell Daddy.
Sachi: Yeah. Our little secret!♪
Date: *September 22, 2012, 08:00 - School Dormitory - Sachi's Room*
Sachi: ...Well, we're only one day away from the wedding ceremony. I'll be a bride soon... just like you, Mom...
Narration: *Closing the music box I retrieved from the workshop some time ago, I whisper a few words to it.*
Narration: *My mother was a truly wonderful person.*
Narration: *She was studious and athletic. A talented cook who was excellent at her job. Just like a sage... she really could do it all.*
Narration: *Back when I was a child, I used to be very proud of the fact that my parents were both such powerful "magicians."*
Sachi: I wonder... if I'll ever be as good a wife as you were...
Narration: *It goes without saying, of course, that I love Yuu-kun.*
Narration: *...No. The word "love" may no longer even be enough to express the depth of my feelings for him. *
Narration: *He knows everything. He's profoundly strong and deeply kind... if a bit prone to teasing me. How could I not have fallen for him?*
Narration: *And what's more, Yuu-kun was also my first love.*
Narration: *It's surprising enough that he was willing to be my boyfriend, but as of tomorrow, he'll become my husband.*
Narration: *"My husband"... The words have a pleasant ring to them. Perhaps I'll repeat them a few times...*
Narration: *No, no. This is no time to be indulging myself.*
Narration: *Just recently, Yuu-kun stood in front of all our friends...*
Narration: *And said he would protect me from any danger, no matter what. Even if it meant turning the world against him.*
Narration: *I suppose that's proof of just how much he cares.*
Narration: *That makes me truly, sincerely happy.*
Narration: *However... for that very reason...*
Sachi: I want to make the person I love happy...
Sachi: Is it... selfish of me to feel that way...?
Principal: ...All right then. Thank you very much.
Narration: *Once Chizuru concludes her pleasantries and closes the door, the black luxury car slowly drives off into the distance.*
Principal: Now that we've come this far, there's no need to worry about appearances. You can relax, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: That's a relief...
Narration: *Having received Chizuru's permission, I reach up and loosen my school uniform's necktie, which I'd been wearing tighter than usual.*
Principal: Sorry about this. I ended up dragging you out on my business the day before your wedding...
Yuuji: Well, your "business" was an information session for people interested in our wedding, so it's only natural that I'd help out.
Principal: I do appreciate it. And the locals did seem very pleased that you've given them the chance to attend.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *Up until today, I'd only had a few people directly mention they'd like to participate in our wedding, usually when we were out shopping together...*
Narration: *But nearly 100 interested locals showed up for the information session today. We had to draw lots to choose the 20 who'd ultimately be able to attend.*
Narration: *It doesn't exactly feel bad to know that there are so many people around town who want to celebrate our marriage with us.*
Yuuji: And apart from everything else, I still owe you for your help with that whole "blowing up the school" thing.
Principal: True enough... If I wanted you to repay me in full for all the risks I ran back then, this really wouldn't be anywhere near enough.
Yuuji: Right. Feel free to use me however you please.
Principal: Oh, you mean it? Well, since I've got your approval, perhaps I'll take you up on that immediately...
Yuuji: I'm sure you know this even without a kid like me telling you, but... it's important to distinguish between the things people say and what they really mean.
Principal: ...I know that, of course! Still, would it really kill you to let me have a little fun once in a while?
Principal: Honestly. And you're so sweet to Komine-san, too...
Yuuji: Stop sulking, you're a grown woman. I'll tell JB to give you a bargain price on me if you ever need a bodyguard.
Principal: All right then. I intend to attend a regional forum soon, so we'll go with that for now.
Yuuji: Cashing in already, huh...?
Narration: *Well, guess a single bodyguarding job's a small price to pay for getting her in a better mood.*
Yuuji: Still... hard to believe I'm actually getting married tomorrow...
Principal: ...Hasn't quite sunk in yet, I suppose?
Yuuji: Pretty much everything I'd heard about "marriage" was negative... Guys used to always talk about it being the "end of your life," or mention how much their in-laws hated them...
Yuuji: But now that it's my turn, everyone's all smiles and congratulations. Almost feels like it's been too easy, to be honest.
Principal: Well, the fact that you resolved Komine-san's problems probably has a great deal to do with that...
Principal: And her uncle said he couldn't think of a single reason to object, so it would seem he trusts you implicitly. 
Yuuji: ...Guess I just got lucky, then?
Principal: I suppose so. If you'd ended up marrying Sakaki-san or Suou-san, let's say... I doubt you'd be nearly this relaxed right about now.
Yuuji: Probably not. The president of a giant conglomerate or a cook at a traditional restaurant wouldn't make for the friendliest father-in-laws...
Principal: In that case, perhaps you should be grateful everything's gone so smoothly for you.
Yuuji: Yeah, you're right.
Principal: Come to think of it, how's Komine-san? Is she all ready for tomorrow?
Yuuji: The planning companies these days are pretty damn thorough. Once we made all our decisions, there wasn't a whole lot left for us to do.
Yuuji: If anything, it's probably going to be tougher on you and JB, what with transporting us, walking Sachi down the aisle, and acting as the minister. 
Principal: ...I'm glad to hear it. In that case, spend the rest of the day on Komine-san, why don't you?
Yuuji: You think she needs the attention?
Principal: Yes. Of course, I know that you both trust each other very much.
Principal: But it's probably easy to start overthinking things on the night before your wedding...
Yuuji: You think there's a chance Sachi might get cold feet?
Principal: I couldn't say, but it can't hurt to stay on top of things.
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *I'm not sure I believe people always have second thoughts right before their marriage, but I have to admit the possibility concerns me.*
Narration: *Recently, I've noticed her looking a bit melancholy every once in a while. There's definitely something on her mind that's bothering her.*
Narration: *For a while there, she felt guilty about her own happiness, given that her mother's still in the hospital and isn't getting better...*
Narration: *But I'm fairly sure her current concerns are about something else entirely.*
Narration: *I don't know what it is exactly, but that doesn't mean I can just leave this alone.*
Michiru: It'sh sho friggin' hotttt today... jaaa... duh...
Sachi: Jaaade...? I find myself picturing the face of a South American artistic gymnist... Are you a fan?
Michiru: Ugggh... look, I really don't care about some girl in a leotard right now...
Michiru: At this rate, I'm gonna shrivel up from the heat... Let's talk about something distracting, okay...?
Sachi: I see. By all means. In that case, why don't we practice tongue-twisters?
Michiru: Hmmm... I kinda like that idea. They're probably good for your brain, too...
Sachi: I'm glad to hear you're eager to participate. Well then, let us begin with the classic "Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers."
Michiru: Hmm... Peter Piper, huh? Sounds good... bet he's better-looking than Yuuji, at least.
Sachi: While I'm going to ensure you withdraw that remark about Yuu-kun, please have at it before your brain melts any further.♪
Michiru: All riiight then... here goes nothin'...
Michiru: ...Peter peener picked a pack of peckled penis!!
Michiru: ......
Sachi: Uhm... can I assume that you did that on purpose, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: Y-Yeah, let's just say that I did...
Narration: *I come back to the dorm in something of a rush, only to find the object of my concern engaged in a comic skit of some sort. Have to say I feel a bit stupid for worrying.*
Yuuji: Michiru, my friend... no matter how the hormones may be raging through your youthful body, I'd recommend against shouting obscene words for no reason.
Michiru: Wah, Yuuji... H-Hold on! You've got the wrong idea, okay?
Michiru: I mean, I did end up yelling some dirty words, but it was an accident! I just wanted to say "Peter penis picked"... uh, wait...
Yuuji: ...Sachi, is there something wrong with this bottle-blond?
Sachi: Well, her mental state is always something of a concern... but I believe her current behavior is simply the result of sexual frustration.
Michiru: What am I, a lonely housewife!? I mean, I guess I haven't had my period in a while, but...
Yuuji: Hmm... so you really were feeling horny, then?
Michiru: Uh... guh... o-of course not! Don't be ridiculous!
Sachi: It's all right, Michiru-sama. We're all good friends here... should you wish to shriek "penis" at the top of your lungs, we'll only be mildly disgusted.
Michiru: How is that reassuring!? Look, can we just stop talking about penises!? I was just trying to kill some time, that's all!
Makina: Ya don't say, boss...? I think I've got th' perfect idea...
Amane: We're hooome.
Narration: *Amane and Makina walk through the door and directly into our conversation, plastic bags dangling from their hands.*
Michiru: Huh? You guys are back already?
Amane: Uh, yeah... we were going to stretch our legs all the way out to the river, but it's so hot out there, you know? We just picked up a few things at the shopping district and came straight home.
Amane: On that note... here you go, Michiru. This ice cream's for you.
Michiru: Good work, Amane! Sure is nice to have a thoughtful old lady running the dorm! Slurrp...
Amane: Who're you callin' an old lady!? Drop th' "old" part, at least!!
Yuuji: So? What's this "perfect idea" of yours, Makina?
Makina: Oh, right. If Chiruchiru's lookin' to burn some time, I'd reck-o-mend a pre-weddin' synchro-quiz!
Michiru: Oooh, the famous pre-wedding synchro-quiz!
Makina: Indeedy... we're only one day from th' weddin' ceremony, but everything's the same as always! So I'm thinkin' we should run a little test to see how well Onii-chan and Sacchin know each other.
Yuuji: I see. Sounds interesting, I suppose.
Sachi: Yes. It might present a good opportunity to get in the "marriage" mindset.
Makina: Fwehehehe... ya sure ya wanna be agreein' to this so casually? Ya might discover an un-eggs-peckted difference of opinion and end up gettin' th' world's first prenuptial divorce!
Yuuji: Hmph, nice try. We'll sweep away that doubt and make our bond even stronger than before.
Sachi: I concur with Yuu-kun's sentiments. Our minds are joined more snugly than two ten-yen coins glued together... and I'll be glad to prove it.
Amane: Oh hoh... you're sure talking big these days, Sacchan...
Michiru: All right then, let's see if you can walk the walk...
Makina: Mmkay then. These here are some problems I took th' liberty of preparin'.
Michiru: ...C'mon, Makina! They're going to get suspicious if you're that well-prepared!
Amane: ...Hmmm?
Michiru: Hm, ahem! Okay then, we'll start off with something nice and easy... You two ready?
Yuuji: Whenever you are.
Sachi: Go right ahead...
Michiru: ―All right then, question number one!
Makina: Bum-budda-bum!♪
Michiru: Now then, regarding Sachi's favorite animal...
Yuuji: That would be sharks.
Michiru: ...Yep. But among the many species of sharks, what is her single favorite!?
Yuuji: Her favorite... kind of shark...?
Narration: *Oh crap...*
Narration: *I know the reason why Sachi developed her fondness for sharks, but I don't remember hearing anything about her favorite species.*
Narration: *I can't think of any obvious hints from what I remember of our conversations, either... and she's got quite a wide selection of stuffed sharks in her locker...*
Sachi: It's all right, Yuu-kun. Think this over calmly and you'll figure it out in no time.
Yuuji: Think it over calmly, huh...?
Narration: *―I get it!*
Narration: *On our first date at the beach, Sachi chose a particular species from among the many different varieties of shark floats.*
Narration: *But considering that she qualified her decision by saying it felt right "today," it's probably safe to say that the other finalist was her actual favorite.*
Yuuji: ...All right. I have my answer.
Makina: Okay then, you two. Let's hear what ya got!♪
Sachi: The blue shark.  The hammerhead shark.
Michiru: Bzzzzt! Sorry, that's a miss!♪
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Makina: Wow, ya messed up on the freebie question... Wasn't expectin' that, ya know...
Yuuji: Incidentally, why is that your favorite shark?
Sachi: As its name might suggest, the blue shark has a vivid cerulean dorsal coloration. It's quite popular among enthusiasts like myself.
Sachi: That said... why exactly do you seem somewhat pleased, Michiru-sama...?
Michiru: Huh? No, no, you've got it all wrong! I definitely wasn't thinking "we still might have a chance if they royally screw this up" or anything!
Amane: Sorry, Michiru... the truth's leaking right out of you...
Michiru: N-No reason to dwell on this, right? Come on, let's move on to the next question!
Yuuji: Yeah. We'll definitely nail this one.
Sachi: That problem was just a bit too tilted towards my personal hobbies, I suppose.
Makina: Neheheh... we'll hafta see about that...
Michiru: All right then, time for problem number two!
Makina: Doo-da-doo!♪
Michiru: Marriages come in many forms. Sometimes, one spouse is a full-time homemaker... other times, both husband and wife will pursue their own careers...
Michiru: But we'd like to hear what you two regard as the ideal marital relationship.
Yuuji: Uh, this just sounds like a questionnaire at this point...
Sachi: Yes. Although I'm not sure I'd feel comfortable giving a thoughtless response to this particular question...
Makina: Yeah, fer sure. I figgered you'd have a lot ta say about this one, so I wantcha to write your answers on these here whiteboards.
Amane: Wait... is this why you dropped by that 100 yen store on our way back?
Michiru: Okay then, we'll give you three minutes and then compare your answers!
Michiru: All right, guys, time's up. Let's start with Yuuji!
Yuuji: ...Hm, all right. My thoughts on the matter are pretty simple, but... I think a man should provide for his family, and his wife should take care of the household.
Yuuji: Men are simple animals. As long as there's a good dinner waiting for them at home, they'll come back every night instead of going out and wasting their money.
Makina: Hmmmm... yer surprisingly old-fashioned about this stuff, Onii-chan.
Sachi: ......
Michiru: All right then. Let's hear what Sachi has to say next.
Sachi: Of course. My ideal would be to follow in the footsteps of my mother and father. 
Sachi: Whether it means running a family-operated business, or working together at a larger company... I think there's something to be gained from striving toward the same goals.
Amane: So basically... Yuuji would prefer a one-income household, and Sachi wants both of you to work?
Makina: Guess that means they're outta sync again, huh?
Michiru: Wait... really? I kinda figured they'd be on the same page at this point...
Yuuji: Everyone has their ideals, but it's not like Sachi or I are that determined to have our own way on this.
Sachi: Actually, this might be the first time we've even discussed this topic...
Yuuji: Right. We have talked a lot about having a single kid, and spoiling them rotten... but not so much about work.
Michiru: O-Okay... you know, I'm not sure I like where this is going... Wanna call it a day?
Sachi: That won't be necessary. Our minds are joined... more snugly than two five-yen coins...
Michiru: Err... okay. If you say so, Sachi...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *At first, I was a little uncertain what this "spontaneous" quiz show was all about... but it seems like they wanted to get us fired up for tomorrow.*
Narration: *We're not exactly living up to their expectations so far, but I don't see a reason why we can't proceed.*
Michiru: W-Well then, next up is our final question...
Sachi: R-Right...
Narration: *So much for that. After going through a number of additional questions, we still haven't managed to come up with the same answer even once.*
Narration: *By now, the confidence has completely faded from Sachi's voice. Michiru and Amane are starting to look uncomfortable as well... Seems like they feel a little guilty about making things awkward.*
Michiru: Uhhhm... lastly, we've got one from the "what-if" series.
Amane: Uh, care to explain?
Makina: It's one of them deals where ya gotta decide what you'd do in a hype-o-thetical situation.
Michiru: In this case, the question's "What would you do if armed robbers burst into the place you're having a date?"
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: I see. You want to know how we'd react in the face of danger, essentially?
Michiru: I guess so, but... this isn't a very realistic situation, so you could just take a pass if―
Sachi: To be certain, such events are likely far from common... however, I would still like to give this problem my best shot.
Michiru: Oh, sure... I mean, that's fine with me...
Sachi: Yuu-kun, are you willing?
Yuuji: Well...
Narration: *I don't think Sachi's confident this will go any better than the other problems, but her face is deadly serious. I guess she has her reasons.*
Yuuji: All right. Let's continue.
Michiru: Okay then, we're gonna ask you to answer simultaneously again... assuming you're ready?
Yuuji: I'm good to go.
Sachi: I have my answer as well.
Michiru: Okay then, say it together!
Sachi: I would neutralize the threat with Yuu-kun.  I'd get Sachi somewhere safe.
Sachi: ......
Michiru: I don't... wanna rub it in or anything, but... you guys missed that one too...
Sachi: ...I suppose so...
Amane: Well, yeah... but it's not that big a deal or anything, right?
Michiru: Oh, of course. We all know you two make a great combo!
Sachi: ......
Makina: Uh... Sacchin. Are ya even hearin' our voices?
Sachi: Huh? Ah, yes... I'm perfectly fine. And so is my hearing.
Makina: Welp... that's good to know, I guess...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Whatever Sachi says, it's pretty obvious that she's too shocked to think straight.*
Narration: *Even worse, her face actually seems to be going pale. I shouldn't just ignore this.*
Yuuji: You know, there's still something the two of us need to decide on before tomorrow. Sorry to be so abrupt, but do you mind if I borrow Sachi for a bit?
Michiru: Er, yeah... sure, of course...
Yuuji: Appreciate it. Come on, Sachi, let's go.
Sachi: R-Right...
Narration: *Interrupting the quiz a little forcefully, I take Sachi by the hand and lead her out of the dorm.*
Michiru: ...Okay, so Yuuji just made an excuse to pull Sachi out of this, right?
Amane: Yeah... I mean, Sacchan had a pretty distressed look on her face there... We might have overdone things a little.
Makina: I guess... it's my fault, huh? I'm th' one who made those problems, after all...
Michiru: Well, I'm the one who didn't stop the quiz halfway through...
Yumiko: ...What was "your fault"?
Amane: Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: I see that Komine-san and Kazami-kun don't appear to be around... Does that have something to do with this?
Amane: ......
Yumiko: It's quite obvious that something unfortunate has taken place. I'd appreciate it if you could explain in detail.
Michiru: Well, actually... Makina and I were talking earlier about how Yuuji and Sachi were acting exactly the same as always, even though their wedding's really soon...
Makina: We wanted ta get a bit more weddin' excitement in the air, so we came up with this idea fer a quiz testin' their synchro rate...
Michiru: But when we actually started giving them the problems, their answers didn't match up at all...
Makina: After they messed up th' very last question, Sacchin seemed really friggin' shocked...
Yumiko: I'm dumbfounded. How did you allow this to happen, Suou-san...?
Amane: Sorry... gotta admit, you're right. I should have thought more about how this might make Sacchan feel.
Yumiko: ...I'd say so. On the day before her wedding ceremony, Komine-san is likely in a quite sensitive emotional state.
Yumiko: If anything, our responsibility at this point was to help her through this... Testing their relationship views at a time like this was beyond careless.
Michiru: Well... yeah. I do feel bad that we ended up hurting Sachi like that...
Michiru: But you know, we really were just trying to celebrate their wedding, in our own way... I hope you can believe that, at least...
Michiru: I thought it would be a good way to make myself realize... they really are getting married, so I have to give up...
Amane: Michiru...
Makina: Yeah. I'm right there with ya, Chiruchiru...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: I suppose... it's not just Komine-san and Kazami-kun who need to get their feelings straightened out...
Yuuji: ...That place had some good soy cake, didn't it?
Sachi: Ah, the chiffon cake? They were kind enough to give me the recipe, so I think I may try making it myself sometime soon.
Narration: *On the simple assumption that "nothing cheers a woman up like something sweet," I sought out refuge in a nearby bakery-cafe.*
Narration: *Apparently the plan worked. It didn't take long for Sachi to get back to normal, and we're currently strolling along the shore together.*
Yuuji: Come to think of it, it's been a while since the last time we walked hand-in-hand like this...
Sachi: That's true. Holding hands with you makes me quite happy, Yuu-kun... but, uhm... isn't there something we need to decide for tomorrow...?
Yuuji: Before that... are you thirsty after all that cake, Sachi? We could stop by another cafe and order some tea, if you want.
Sachi: How odd... You're being awfully kind to me today, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: What a strange thing to say. I'm always kind, aren't I?
Sachi: ...That is true. You're a very sweet person.
Sachi: However, when I hear you say that... I find myself wanting to take advantage of you. 
Yuuji: Not a problem. Right now, I'm feeling even more generous than usual.
Sachi: In that case, there's a certain place I'd very much like to visit.
Yuuji: A certain place? Where?
Sachi: I'd like to go to the beach... where we went on that date last summer.
Yuuji: Well, it's certainly a lot cooler out by the ocean.
Sachi: Yes. And the sunset is as lovely as ever...
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *We came out to the beach at Sachi's request... but there's still something bothering me.*
Narration: *That serious expression on her face when they were giving us the final problem...*
Narration: *If that had something to do with those flashes of melancholy I've noticed lately, there's a possibility this might be more serious than a simple case of "cold feet."*
Yuuji: Anyway, we came all this way... I know we don't have any swimwear, but want to go out there for a rematch?
Sachi: That's a very attractive proposal, but the sun's starting to go down. Let's just walk along and watch the waves for today.
Yuuji: Hmm. You're saying some awfully girly things today, Sachi...
Sachi: What an odd remark, Yuu-kun. I'm always the very picture of feminine charm, am I not?
Yuuji: ...I suppose.
Narration: *It's not impossible to imagine a girl Sachi's age sulking over a quiz that went poorly.*
Narration: *But I know Sachi well enough to say that she wouldn't lose her calm over something so minor.*
Yuuji: Are you feeling a little more calm now?
Sachi: ...Yes. Thanks to you, I've been able to gather my thoughts.
Yuuji: All right, then. So why did you lose your cool back there? You couldn't even hear what the others were saying to you.
Yuuji: It wasn't because our answers to that quiz didn't match up, was it?
Sachi: ...No, that was exactly it. I was simply shocked that my answers weren't the same as yours, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: ...Say what?
Sachi: However... I wasn't upset by the fact that you didn't know my favorite shark, or by our different preferences regarding the sea and the mountains.
Sachi: It was more about... what we want from each other... 
Sachi: The fact that our conceptions of happiness were so different proved to be a much greater shock than I thought.
Yuuji: So that's why you took that last question so seriously?
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *I don't want to expose Sachi to danger...*
Narration: *And Sachi wants to be more useful to me than before.*
Narration: *We'd only vaguely been conscious of this discrepancy until now, but I guess that quiz made it apparent just how different our perspectives are.*
Sachi: However, it's only natural that our answers didn't match...
Yuuji: Because we haven't even talked this over before?
Sachi: Indeed...
Sachi: Accordingly, I've now decided to discuss my feelings with you in full.
Narration: *With that announcement, Sachi hands me a single envelope.*
Yuuji: What's this...?
Sachi: Please open it.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Inside the envelope, I find a number of official-looking documents.*
Yuuji: ...An application for a nursing school?
Sachi: At the time of our future planning sessions in September, I asked the principal to provide me with the necessary forms.
Sachi: I'm not sure whether it's due to the influence of the East Beach Group, which sponsors our school, or the principal's personal connections...
Sachi: But Mihama Academy seems to have good relationships with a number of institutions of higher learning... Given my grades, it's possible that I could have my entire tuition covered by scholarships.
Yuuji: In other words, you're planning to enroll at this school after you graduate from Mihama?
Sachi: I don't yet know...
Sachi: My life is no longer solely my own, you see. This does concern my future... but I'd like to discuss it with you, and reach a mutually acceptable conclusion.
Sachi: For that reason, I carried these papers around with me all day.
Yuuji: You did...?
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: I imagine that you're a bit taken aback to have this sprung upon you with no warning whatsoever, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: But ever since I accepted your proposal at that park, I've been thinking very hard about what path I should follow.
Sachi: What does "happiness" mean to me...? What can I do for you, Yuu-kun...?
Yuuji: So you're saying we need to have a real discussion about this.
Sachi: Exactly so...
Sachi: You never discuss this, and I don't intend to pry it out of you... but I'm aware that your own field of work is a very dangerous one.
Sachi: Apart from your superior Harudera-san, I'm sure that the principal is familiar with the details...
Sachi: But considering your highly unusual technical knowledge and your undeniable physical prowess, I do have a vague sense of what your job might involve.
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I guess you would.
Narration: *That dummy business card JB handed her would probably be enough to arouse some suspicions...*
Narration: *And given the way I'm called out to "jobs" in the middle of class, or late at night... I suppose it's all too obvious that I'm not exactly working an honest job.*
Sachi: I requested your instruction on explosives because I thought it might prove useful if I'm ever called on to assist you.
Sachi: But if I'm not permitted to actively participate... then at the very least, I'd like to be capable of running to your side at any time, and tending to any wounds you might suffer.
Yuuji: Wait, that's why you're thinking about nursing school...?
Sachi: Exactly...
Sachi: Other people may well think this is a childish, simplistic way to decide my own future...
Sachi: But I don't mind if they laugh at me.
Sachi: This is my dream, after all. And I'm the one who chose it.
Narration: *As she speaks these words, Sachi's face blossoms into a smile.*
Narration: *But even as she beams up at me... there's a painfully earnest look in her eyes. *
Yuuji: ...Don't worry. I don't think anyone who knows you would laugh at that dream.
Sachi: What...?
Yuuji: And I know I've said this a dozen times before, but you're really a pretty talented person.
Yuuji: Using the strength and knowledge you've gained through hard work, you inevitably accomplish what you set out to do... That's the Komine Sachi I know.
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: In other words, if you really wanted to, you'd probably be capable of working the same job I do.
Yuuji: Honestly, that's exactly the reason I wanted to keep our "training" in the realm of "make-believe"...
Yuuji: I guess I was just assuming that the "happiness" you wanted was the same as everyone else's.
Yuuji: But that wasn't the case, was it?
Sachi: ...No.
Yuuji: ...Hypothetically, if I were to accept... if I started relying on you even more than I do now, life might get a good deal less "normal" for you.
Yuuji: Would that make any difference in how you feel about the matter?
Sachi: Not at all. It would be a million times better than merely waiting anxiously at home for your return.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *Well, this is a hell of a thing to deal with the night before your wedding... I've clearly chosen myself one remarkable wife.*
Narration: *But it's my fault, really. I let myself enjoy the comfortable romance of our relationship, and avoided the messy issues we really should have discussed by now.*
Narration: *Whatever. No point dwelling on where things "went wrong."*
Narration: *That just isn't what's important right now.*
Narration: *When Sachi asked me to teach her about explosives... when she told me that she wants to learn how to tend my wounds... what were the thoughts that ran through my head?*
Narration: *Was it "What a nuisance"? "I need to make her reconsider"?*
Narration: *―Of course not.*
Narration: *Her words made me happy. Plain and simple.*
Narration: *Sachi understands who I am, and the idea of helping me makes her happy. Knowing that filled me with joy and affection for her.*
Narration: *What reason is there to hesitate, then...?*
Yuuji: In that case, there's a place I need to take you.
Sachi: There is...? And where exactly would that be?
Yuuji: You'll know soon enough, but there isn't much time. Let's hurry.
Sachi: ...Y-Yes!
Narration: *After hurrying onto a bus that takes us to the nearest station, we head over to the hospital where Sachi's mother sleeps.*
Yuuji: Looks like we managed to make it in time.
Sachi: We did arrive before visiting hours ended... but why...?
Yuuji: I've got something I really need to say to your mother, that's why.
Narration: *With this explanation, I push open the door to a familiar hospital room.*
Sachi: Mom...
Narration: *Sachi's mother is lying inside, looking just the same as she did the last time we visited.*
Yuuji: My apologies for stopping by so late...
Yuuji: However, there's something I absolutely needed to tell you today.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Signaling Sachi to wait at the entrance of the room, I gaze directly down at her mother.*
Yuuji: I'm very sorry. It seems I'm going to be causing you a great deal of worry from now on.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: I wanted to give you the peace of mind to focus solely on getting better. It was one of the reasons I decided to keep Sachi safe, no matter what.
Yuuji: However... I can't promise you that any longer.
Sachi: ...!?
Yuuji: Up until now, I thought my role as a husband would be to provide for my wife, allowing her to focus on the household...
Yuuji: And I was under the impression that Sachi wanted a "normal" relationship of that sort, as well.
Yuuji: But today, when I actually asked Sachi how she feels about this, I realized that I'd just been putting words in her mouth.
Yuuji: Sachi told me that she wants to be useful to me... she wants to be at my side, even if it might mean facing some danger.
Yuuji: And now that I think about it, that strength is a big part of the reason I decided to marry her in the first place.
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: In other words, there's no reason for either of us to hesitate.
Yuuji: By making this decision, I may well be giving you cause for concern...
Yuuji: So before we spoke our vows, I wanted to inform you directly.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Of course, Sachi's mother isn't about to give us her opinions on what I'm proposing.*
Narration: *But this is a way of strengthening my own resolve, and I do think I owe this woman an explanation.*
Narration: *On the day that we entered that workshop, I witnessed genuine love. My respect for Sachi's parents is sincere... and right now, this is probably my only means of expressing it.*
Sachi: ...But... are you really all right with this, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Sachi: I'm very happy that you're considering my feelings... but this isn't what you wanted, is it?
Yuuji: Hrm... it seems you're misunderstanding things slightly, Sachi.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: It's true that I'm accepting your request in full, but that doesn't mean I'm giving up on what I wanted.
Sachi: But―
Yuuji: The only thing I want is for you to be yourself, Sachi...
Yuuji: And that means I've got no interest in pushing you into a "normal" life against your wishes.
Sachi: W-Well, I...
Yuuji: All right, let me put it this way. What if it made me happy to hear that you wanted to help me?
Sachi: Ah...
Yuuji: I don't see a problem here. Do you?
Sachi: Honestly, you really are a bit of a tease, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: Please keep in mind that I'm wishing for your happiness... just as much as you're wishing for mine.
Narration: *...Right.*
Narration: *We both care deeply about each other. That's why she wants to be at my side... and that's why I want to make her happy.*
Yuuji: Well, now that we've sorted out our feelings... I think I'm going to propose to you for the second time.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: In retrospect, that discussion at the park wasn't really much of a "proposal."
Yuuji: If possible, I'd like to have something a bit better for us to remember.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Very well. If that's how you feel, Yuu-kun, I'm perfectly willing to play along.
Yuuji: Thank you...
Narration: *Taking a deep breath, I straighten my posture and stare directly into Sachi's eyes.*
Yuuji: You're the only woman I want to spend the rest of my life with. Will you marry me, Sachi?
Sachi: ...Yes. I'd follow you to the ends of the earth, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *I have my ideas about how I want things to be. But of course, Sachi has her own thoughts as well.*
Narration: *We've only been a couple for a year, so reading each other's minds is still a bit tricky at times...*
Narration: *And because of that, small misunderstandings are sometimes going to grow into genuine problems.*
Narration: *In that sense, it's probably fortunate that we managed to have this conversation on the day before our ceremony.*
Yuuji: On that note, ma'am, I'm going to make a promise to you. I'll make Sachi happy, no matter what.
Sachi: I will support Yuu-kun to the best of my abilities... and become a strong, kind mother, just like you.
Mom: ......
Mom: ......
Narration: *After returning to the dorm, we apologize to the others for running off so suddenly. Michiru and company respond with an apology of their own, and we agree to put the matter behind us.*
Narration: *Sachi did understand that they meant well with that quiz, so I told myself I wasn't that worried...*
Narration: *But in the end, I find myself heaving an embarrassingly loud sigh of relief when I notice her playing around with Makina in the lobby after dinner.*
Narration: *I guess a little pre-marriage angst isn't the worst thing in the world. At the very least, it helped me realize just how much our daily routine here means to me.*
Yuuji: Still... this is a little strange.
Narration: *Granted, there was an unfortunate incident this afternoon...*
Narration: *But it's the night before a once-in-a-lifetime event, and our supremely meddlesome friends don't seem to be taking action of any kind. That's so unusual that it actually makes me anxious.*
Narration: *I guess Sakaki has been trying to keep them under control lately... but even so, it's far just too quiet.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *Just as I'm beginning to sweat from the tension, there's a knock at my door.*
Narration: *It's clear from the sound of it that this isn't one of Makina or Michiru's surprise raids. *
Yuuji: That you, Sachi? Come in.
Sachi: Y-Yes... pardon me, then...
Narration: *Sachi responds with an unusual hint of nervousness in her voice, then enters my room with a tote bag in her hand.*
Yuuji: What's up? Is there something you wanted to ask me about tomorrow?
Sachi: N-No... that's not quite it. I was tying up Michiru-sama's hair after our bath...
Sachi: And she took the opportunity to offer me some advice... specifically: "U-Uhm, hey, Sachi. Today's your w-w-wedding night, isn't it? You should go to his room!"
Yuuji: That was quite an impressive imitation of her voice. But in Japan, I'm pretty sure a "wedding night" refers to the night after your ceremony.
Sachi: Quite so. I think she was attempting to be considerate, but made a fundamental mistake in her approach. Very much like Michiru-sama, don't you think?
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *I should probably be grateful that the girl at least tried to approach this like an adult, rather than letting out her nervous energy by bursting in here and yapping at me. *
Sachi: In any case... thanks to that push from Michiru-sama, I was able to convince myself to come here...
Yuuji: What do you mean?
Sachi: To be honest, I've been doing a good bit of worrying lately...
Yuuji: About our marriage, you mean...?
Sachi: I suppose that's likely at the heart of it, but...
Sachi: I was thinking about my mother's illness, my own future... and whether or not I'm really suitable to be your bride. Among other things.
Yuuji: I see. Sounds like a pretty classic case of cold feet, honestly.
Sachi: ...I suppose so. But fortunately, you erased all of my concerns today, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: If you say so... Can't say I remember doing anything in particular.
Sachi: Well, you proposed to me for a second time, remember?
Yuuji: Was that enough to dispel your fears?
Sachi: Yes. Now that I've heard you express your feelings, I feel more confident that I'm fit to be your wife...
Sachi: And I was... very happy that you told my mother about your change of heart.
Yuuji: ...You were?
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: And therefore, I'd very much like to demonstrate my gratitude to you, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *With that remark, Sachi fixes me with a steady, wistful gaze.*
Narration: *It's clear enough what she means. There's no need to make her spell it out.*
Yuuji: All right, Sachi. Feel free to "demonstrate" your feelings however you like.
Sachi: Thank you very much...
Sachi: In that case, I need just a moment to prepare. Please take a seat on the bed and close your eyes.
Yuuji: Uh, I don't mind, but I thought this kind of thing was more Amane's specialty...
Sachi: N-No, no! That isn't what I meant at all...
Sachi: However, if you're interested in experimenting along those lines... I'm always open to new challenges...
Sachi: Er, b-but in any case... that's not what I was talking about!
Yuuji: All right, all right...
Narration: *After thoroughly enjoying the sight of Sachi's flustered face, I obediently sit down on my bed and close my eyes.*
Yuuji: ...How's this?
Sachi: That will be fine... I apologize, but please wait just a moment...
Narration: *Even as we speak, I can hear the soft sound of rustling clothes.*
Narration: *It's safe to assume that Sachi had some sort of outfit inside that bag she brought with her.*
Sachi: Uhm... my preparations are complete, so I think we're ready to begin...
Narration: *This oddly formal announcement is accompanied by the sound of Sachi flicking the room's light switch. A moment later, I feel a familiar warmth settle against the front of my body.*
Sachi: ...You can open your eyes now.
Yuuji: All right...

Narration: *When I open my eyes as requested... I'm greeted by the sight of Sachi in an unfamiliar outfit.*
Yuuji: Those clothes...
Sachi: I discovered these while we were picking out wedding dresses. They're a special kind of lingerie... apparently meant to be worn on the wedding night...
Yuuji: Then why exactly are you wearing them now?
Sachi: To be honest, I was drawn to this lingerie the moment I laid eyes on it...
Sachi: And the planner, having noticed my interest, said "We'll throw that in as a congratulatory present."
Yuuji: I see... sounds like I got something out of waiting for that fashion show to end after all...
Sachi: Indeed.
Sachi: You gave into a rather selfish request on my part regarding the wedding dress itself...
Sachi: It may be a little presumptuous to call this my way of repaying you... but you're the only person in the world who's ever going to see me wearing this, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Hmm... well, that does have a nice ring to it... and that lingerie kind of reminds me of your maid outfits. It looks great on you...
Sachi: ...Do you really mean that?
Yuuji: Yeah. It's got a nice element of erotic appeal as well... you really know how to get a man's blood pumping, Sachi.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: If you truly feel that way... then please make love to me...
Sachi: This will be our final day as boyfriend and girlfriend... so before we get married, I want you to take this chance...
Sachi: ...to remind my body... that it belongs to you.
Yuuji: Sounds good...
Yuuji: Sachi...
Narration: *Softly calling out her name, I wrap my arms around her from behind.*
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *She sinks into my embrace without saying a word.*
Narration: *This warm, slender body I'm holding right now... belongs to the woman I'll be spending the rest of my life with.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Almost as if she's reading my mind, Sachi gently places her hands on top of my own.*
Narration: *Her fingers are considerably smaller than mine... but they're undeniably warm, and their touch fills me with happiness.*
Yuuji: ...Thank you, Sachi.
Sachi: What exactly are you thanking me for?
Yuuji: Well... I'm thanking you for being the woman you are, I guess...
Sachi: For being... the person I am...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Thanks for talking to that lonely kid who was all alone in the park...
Yuuji: And thanks for all the time we've spend together, after reuniting at Mihama...
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Sachi squeezes my hands tightly as she speaks my name.*
Sachi: I don't want to repeat myself... but I'm the one who owes you thanks...
Yuuji: ...Sure, I guess...
Sachi: That said... it does make me very happy to hear you say those words, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: It feels like you're saying... that I really can stay at your side forever... just the way I am...
Yuuji: Of course you can. You don't have to change yourself. I fell in love with you just the way you are...
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Umm... I'm not quite sure how to express this, but...
Sachi: Every once in a while, I feel like you're deliberately coming up with lines like that in an attempt to make me embarrassingly wet...
Yuuji: I'm just expressing my true feelings, you know?
Sachi: Oh, there you go again...
Yuuji: I mean it, Sachi... I want you to stay with me forever.
Sachi: ...It's a promise, then.
Narration: *Sachi sticks out her little finger and holds out her hand...*
Narration: *And I wrap my pinky around hers.*
Yuuji: Yeah... it's a promise.
Narration: *I look Sachi square in the eyes and make my "vow" without a hint of hesitation.*
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Narration: *Smiling sweetly, she leans back and kisses me on the cheek.*
Narration: *That moment of contact turns our thoughts back to the activity we'd initially been planning to pursue.*
Sachi: Mmmm...
Narration: *When I kiss the nape of her neck, Sachi lets out a soft little moan.*
Narration: *I want to start things off gently tonight... to ease her slowly into the mood.*
Sachi: Aaaah... mmmm... mmmm... Fwaah...
Narration: *As I run my mouth over her skin, licking and sucking, Sachi's body slowly begins to relax.*
Sachi: Mmmm... it's been a while since the last time you touched me this gently... it actually tickles a bit...
Yuuji: Still... it's a little different from our first time, right?
Sachi: Indeed. I didn't quite understand what you meant when you told me that "tickling" was a form of sexual stimulation... but now I believe that I do...
Yuuji: Ah, right... I did say something like that, didn't I...?
Narration: *It's been a while since the first time we made love...*
Narration: *Thinking back to that day, I smile and gently cover Sachi's lips with my own.*
Sachi: *Smack*... mmmm... *kiss*...
Narration: *It's less of an erotic kiss, and more of a way for us to convey our feelings.*
Narration: *We kiss each other gently and lovingly, again and again.*
Sachi: Haah... mmmm... *smack*... mmmm... haah...
Yuuji: Can I touch your breasts too?
Sachi: Hehehe. You really love boobs, don't you, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: I won't deny it.
Sachi: Well, touch them as much as you like. My body's yours, Yuu-kun... it always has been, and it always will be...
Yuuji: Then you won't complain if I take a bite out of you, right?
Narration: *With an uncharacteristic attempt at a joke, I move a hand up Sachi's body and grab one of her breasts.*
Sachi: Ahn...! Fwah, mm...
Narration: *Her lingerie's quite pleasant to the touch... although I suppose that's only natural, considering that it's made to have sex in.*
Yuuji: And if I'm not mistaken... you aren't wearing a bra, are you?
Sachi: Correct... you always take my brassiere off along with my clothes, Yuu-kun... so I figured there wasn't much point putting one on tonight...
Yuuji: You know me, that's for sure...
Narration: *I'm tempted to start groping them directly... but at the last moment, I decide to caress her through her lingerie for a little while longer.*
Sachi: Wha...? Oh no... mmmm... you aren't even touching them directly... why does it feel so good...?
Yuuji: I knew it...
Sachi: You knew... what...?
Yuuji: This lingerie was made with the wedding night in mind. They're designed for the purpose of sex...
Yuuji: Which means they probably picked a fabric that feels really good when it rubs against your skin.
Sachi: I-I see... so that's... mmm... why...
Narration: *Carefully monitoring Sachi's reactions, I move my hands gently against her breasts.*
Sachi: Fwaaah... aahn... the lingerie's... rubbing against my sensitive spot... mmm...
Yuuji: By sensitive spot, do you mean this?
Sachi: Ah, no... wait... don't rub my nipple like tha... ngh... noo...
Narration: *When I rub her nipple through the sheer fabric, the sensation seems to be rather intense. Every movement makes her jump a little.*
Narration: *Deciding to soften the stimulation a bit, I switch back to fondling her breast as a whole.*
Yuuji: This isn't too much, right?
Sachi: Yes... so please... mmmm... do the other... breast too...
Narration: *There's no reason for me to turn down a request like that. I move my left hand from Sachi's waist to her other breast.*
Sachi: Mmmm... aaah... mmmm...
Narration: *We've had sex countless times by now, but the girl still gets embarrassed when I fondle her. She's blushing at my touch.*
Narration: *That innocent reaction is so adorable that I find myself groping her chest more vigorously than before.*
Sachi: Aaahn... mmmm! Yuu-kun... haaah... aaah...
Narration: *Seeing her breasts change shape in my hands, Sachi tightly grips my thighs in an attempt to endure the embarrassment.*
Narration: *In response to this slight show of resistance, I return my attentions to her sensitive nipples, rubbing them with my fingers for the first time in a while.*
Sachi: Aaahn! Aaah, again... mmm!
Narration: *Taken off-guard by the sudden stimulation, Sachi lets out an inarticulate moan.*
Yuuji: Sorry, seems like I just can't leave your nipples alone...
Sachi: It's all right... I think I'm ready for it now...
Narration: *It doesn't sound like she's just putting on a brave front, so I apply a bit more pressure.*
Sachi: Nhaaah! Aaaah... aaaahn... mmmm...
Narration: *Not content to simply caress her nipples with my index fingers, I use my other fingers to squeeze the rest of her breasts.*
Sachi: Fwaaah... mmm... mgh! Aaah... haaah...
Narration: *As I knead her mammaries like dough, Sachi's moans grow increasingly passionate.*
Yuuji: I'm pinching them pretty hard... you sure this doesn't hurt?
Sachi: Yes. But I must say... you're being awfully considerate today, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Guess so. That's not to imply that I wasn't trying before, but...
Yuuji: When I think about the fact that this body belongs to my future wife... I can't help treating it more gently.
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Apparently pleased by my words, Sachi squeezes my arm tightly.*
Narration: *It's enough of an answer to convey her trust in me. *
Sachi: Aaah...
Narration: *As I slip Sachi's lingerie down, her exposed breasts sway slightly.*
Yuuji: ...Hrm. They're just as pretty as the first time I saw them.
Sachi: Well, for the record... I've been taking good care of them since I learned of your boob fetish, Yuu-kun.
Sachi: I switched to a body soap that's good for your skin... I've been eating a lot more chicken, and even doing exercises to increase their volume...
Yuuji: I see. Appreciate it, Sachi.
Sachi: Of course...
Narration: *Her smile's so infectious that I feel like I'm about to break into a grin myself.*
Narration: *Trying to distract myself from Sachi's cuteness, I reach out for her naked breasts, illuminated faintly by the moonlight.*
Sachi: Mmmm... your hands... are a little cold, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Well, your breasts are really warm, Sachi...
Sachi: In that case, please use my body to warm yourself up...
Narration: *"You come up with some painfully adorable lines yourself every once in a while, woman..."*
Narration: *Smiling to myself as the thought runs through my mind, I let my left hand slide down Sachi's body.*
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *As I run my hand over her thighs, Sachi turns back to face me, as if hesitating to object.*
Yuuji: You said it's all right to touch your body... so that includes this, right?
Sachi: I-If that's what you want, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Savoring Sachi's charming attempt to suppress her embarrassment, I slowly begin to rub her vagina through her underwear.*
Sachi: Nhaa! Aah... aaaah...
Yuuji: You're pretty puffy down here, so it's always easy to find...
Sachi: Aaagh... d-did you really... nngh... have to say that out loud...!?
Yuuji: Oh, come on... I've only touched you a few times, and you're already opening up for me...
Sachi: Nooo... mmm... mmmmm... aaah... haaah...
Narration: *It probably helps that she hasn't had any partners aside from me, but...*
Narration: *The girl really does get astonishingly wet from even the slightest amount of direct contact... esepcially when I add in a little verbal teasing.*
Yuuji: It makes me kind of happy to see you getting this wet for me...
Sachi: Well, you've always been very skilled, Yuu-kun... and you're the one who made me this way. You will take responsibility for that, won't you?
Yuuji: Of course. I'll remind your body who it belongs to... just like you asked.
Narration: *Deciding to kick things up a notch, I begin to caress Sachi's clitoris directly.*
Sachi: Hyaaah!?
Narration: *She arches her back slightly; a trickle of fluid drips out of her vagina onto the bed.*
Yuuji: I'm not going to hold back anymore, okay?
Sachi: Very well... I will... do my best to keep up...
Narration: *Now that she's this turned on, weaker stimulation won't be enough to satisfy her.*
Narration: *Fondling her breasts forcefully with my right hand, I continue to caress her genitals with my left.*
Sachi: Aaah... mmm! You're... doing both at the same time...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Like I said, I'm not playing around anymore.
Sachi: Fwaaah! Yuu-kun, you... mmmm... really are merciless sometimes... haaah!
Narration: *Sachi stiffens up to brace herself against the stimulation; I run my tongue along her sweat-drenched neck in an effort to relax her.*
Narration: *Once she's distracted, I pinch one of her nipples sharply, and begin to move my fingers more unpredictably against her pussy.*
Sachi: Aaah... mmm... don't push that hard... your finger... will go inside me...
Narration: *After I've repeated this a few times, my fingers start slipping into the entrance of her vagina, leaving them drenched in her fluids.*
Yuuji: I think it's time we take your underwear off.
Sachi: Haah... haaah... haah... f-feel free...
Narration: *After pausing to let Sachi catch her breath, I carefully lift her up off the bed.*
Sachi: ......!?!
Narration: *As I slowly pull her underwear off, there's an audible squelch. Blushing with embarrassment, Sachi covers her face with her hands.*
Narration: *I gently part them and kiss her bright red forehead.*
Yuuji: Don't hide the cute face that I fell in love with...
Sachi: Guh... you've got some nerve... calling me cute at a time like this... even if it does make me happy...
Yuuji: Haha...
Narration: *As Sachi's earnest words warm my heart, I run my finger along her exposed entrance, taking her by surprise.*
Sachi: Hyaaahn! Aaah... Yuu-kun... mmmm... your finger...
Yuuji: What about my finger?
Sachi: It's... rubbing against my vagina... fwaaah... aaah... And now it's gone inside...
Yuuji: And...?
Sachi: Mmmmm! And now it's stirring up... my insides... aaaah... mmmm... It's rubbing against... the inside... of my loins...
Narration: *The direct stimulation from my fingers, already soaked in her juices, leaves Sachi struggling to respond to my questions.*
Sachi: Nhaaah... aaah... haaah... mmmm, my body... feels so hot... mmmm!
Narration: *The moment my fingertip finds Sachi's G-spot, her warm walls clamp down tightly.*
Narration: *I bend my finger slightly, then start moving it in and out.*
Sachi: Fwaaaah! Mmmm... you can't... haaah... go in and out... like that...!
Yuuji: Bear with it for just a while longer...
Sachi: But... mmmm... But... it feels... too good...
Narration: *Noticing that beads of sweat are forming on Sachi's forehead, I decide to change up my approach a little.*
Sachi: Aaaah! Aah... not there... mmmm!
Narration: *Carefully exposing her erect clitoris, I rub it gently with my thumb.*
Sachi: Aaahn! Haaah, not there... at this rate, I'll... hyaaaahn!
Narration: *Of course, I'm still kneading her breasts as well. When I pinch her left nipple, Sachi lets out a high pitched squeal.*
Sachi: Haaah... haaah... haaah...
Sachi: Umm, Yuu-kun... if you keep going like this... I think... I'm going to come...
Yuuji: Don't worry. I'll give you as many orgasms as you want.
Sachi: That's a very tempting offer, but... just for tonight... I want to come together with you, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *This is our "last day" as girlfriend and boyfriend.*
Narration: *Which means this is our last chance to reconfirm our feelings before we become husband and wife.*
Narration: *Now that I've remembered that... I gently lay Sachi down on the bed, and take off my pants without complaint.*
Sachi: Wow... your dick looks ready to burst, Yuu-kun... it's throbbing so much...
Yuuji: Well, it's the night before our marriage... and something about that really turns me on.
Sachi: I feel precisely the same.
Sachi: You can have your way with me however you like, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: So please... make sure you enjoy yourself too...
Yuuji: I love you, Sachi...
Sachi: Well... thank you very much...
Sachi: But I'm certain that I love you far more.
Narration: *Still competitive as ever... but that's Sachi for you, I guess.*
Narration: *Trying to suppress a smile, I slowly bring my throbbing penis up to Sachi's vagina.*
Sachi: Fwaah... aah...
Yuuji: I'm going to put it in now... all right?
Sachi: Yes... Please do...
Narration: *I entwine my hands with Sachi's... and slowly move my hips forward.*
Sachi: Hyaaah... aaah... aaah... aaaah...
Narration: *The pink walls of her vagina press tightly against my cock, parting reluctantly as I advance.*
Sachi: Kuh... mmmm... aaah... haaah...
Narration: *I push my way in ever so slowly, relishing the sensation as Sachi moans longingly beneath me.*
Narration: *I bend down to kiss the nape of her neck. And by the time I'm done, my penis has reached all the way to the back of her vagina.*
Sachi: Nhaaah! Aaah... haaah... haah... haaah... mmmm... mmmmm...
Narration: *Simply touching the mouth of womb is enough to bring Sachi to the brink of orgasm, so I patiently wait for her breathing to calm down.*
Yuuji: No matter how many times we do it, you're still as tight as ever...
Sachi: Mmm... well, I think that's... because my body has adapted itself... to give you the most possible pleasure, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: In that case, I'm sure it's also adapted to receive the most possible pleasure from my dick...
Sachi: Nhaaa! Aaah... aahn...
Narration: *To prove my point, I pull my hips back... but Sachi's walls coil around my dick, trying to prevent its escape.*
Sachi: So that's... mmmm... why it... feels so good...? Aah, aaah...
Narration: *Once I've pulled back far enough that only the tip is still inside her, I thrust forward again.*
Sachi: Mmmm... your cock's... pushing inside me again...!
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm going to keep doing that, too... nothing feels better than sticking it in the woman I love...
Sachi: Yes! Aaah, I'm so happy... that you feel that way... Yuu-kun...
Narration: *As I start slowly moving back and forth, Sachi's breasts begin to jiggle rhythmically. *
Sachi: Aaah... aaahn... Yuu-kun... mmmm... nhaaah... aaah, haah...
Narration: *I pull Sachi's hips closer to me, pressing our bodies together so I can reach even deeper inside her.*
Narration: *Trying to give her as much pleasure as I can, I keep moving in and out of her at a slow, steady pace.*
Sachi: Agh... aaah... aaahnn... aaaah... My stomach... feels so hot...
Yuuji: Sachi... Sachi...
Sachi: Nhaaa... aaah... haaah... Yuu-kun... mmmm... Ahaaah!
Narration: *Pausing in the middle of a thrust, I move the head of my penis upward, and Sachi's hips spasm.*
Yuuji: You really like it when I rub that spot, don't you?
Sachi: Yes... mmm! Whenever you touch me there... my whole body goes numb... aaahn... aaah... mmmm!
Narration: *As I continue stimulating her G-spot, hot fluids spill steadily out from the depths of Sachi's vagina.*
Narration: *She grows wetter and wetter with each little thrust, making it easier for me to pick up the pace.*
Sachi: Yaaaaaah! Aaaaah... mmm... hyaaah!
Yuuji: You're still pretty damn tight, considering how wet you've gotten...
Sachi: Ahaa! Ahh, I'm sorry... it just feels so good... that I can't... mmmm... control myself...!
Narration: *As my thrusts grow more intense, the head of my cock begins to hit the mouth of Sachi's womb, and her expression grows lewder by the second.*
Yuuji: I'm going to keep speeding up gradually, all right...?
Sachi: Mmmm! Nnngh! Wait... if you go any faster than this... I won't be able to... hold out...!
Yuuji: No need to hold it in... I don't think I can last much longer either, honestly...
Sachi: Nhaaah! Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun...!!
Narration: *At some point, the girl's managed to wrap her legs around my waist... and they're squeezing down on me tightly.*
Yuuji: Hey, Sachi... if you don't move your legs, I won't be able to come outside...
Sachi: That's... mmmm... not a problem at all... I want you to... enjoy my pussy to the very end, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: But what if you get pregnant...?
Sachi: Well, what if I do...? I suppose that would make this... a shotgun wedding... nngh!
Yuuji: Sachi...
Narration: *Sachi's smile radiates love and affection. I respond to her feelings by picking up the pace of my movements.*
Sachi: Nhaaaa! Aaah, you're stirring me up... your dick is stirring up my insides, Yuu-kun...!
Narration: *Sachi's body twitches and quivers as I plunge into her with growing ferocity.*
Sachi: Fwaaaah! Aaahn... aaah... aaaah... aaaaaah... so deep...
Narration: *Not even giving her a chance to get used to the stimulation, I relentlessly thrust my way deep inside her.*
Narration: *After poking up against her cervix, I make sure to hit her G-spot with my crown on the way back out.*
Sachi: Aaahn... aaah... aaah... haaaah... mmmm! Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun!
Narration: *Sachi passionately calls out my name over and over again with tears in her eyes.*
Yuuji: Sachi... Sachi...!
Narration: *I respond in kind, calling her name out with every thrust.*
Sachi: Nooo... aaahn! You're being... so rough...! I'm going... to go crazy... nhaaa!
Narration: *The sound of flesh slapping against flesh, accompanied by the sloshing of fluids, echoes erotically through the darkened room.*
Narration: *An endless stream of fluid spills out of Sachi, leaving the area around her pussy so soaked that it almost looks like she's wet herself.*
Sachi: Ahaa... aaah... it keeps making... those squelching sounds... it's so embarrassing... aaah...
Narration: *Deliberately trying to make the sounds even louder, I begin to exaggerate the movements of my hips.*
Sachi: Aaahn... aahn... aahn... hyaaahn! Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun...
Sachi: Nhaaaah! Amazing... it's getting even bigger...? Hyaah... aaah... aaah... aaahn!
Narration: *Sachi's moans grow lewder by the second, and I can feel the blood rushing to my penis.*
Yuuji: Kuh! You've gotten even tighter, Sachi...
Sachi: Mmmm! Mmm... that's because... I want to bring you even greater pleasure...
Sachi: I want to make sure... your eyes never wander... to make sure... you never regret picking me... never...!
Yuuji: As long as you feel that way, my feelings aren't going to change... let's get married... and be together forever...!
Sachi: Yes! We'll be together... forever and ever... I'll never, ever leave you...!
Narration: *I thrust wildly, trying to convey my feelings... and to experience hers.*
Narration: *As I pound fiercely into Sachi, I feel a tingling, dull sense of pleasure welling up from somewhere deep inside me.*
Sachi: Fwaaaah... Yuu-kun... I'm... going to come... you're going to make me into... a naughty girl...!
Yuuji: I'm... about to come too...!
Sachi: Hyaah! Good... please, let it all out... inside me...!
Yuuji: You got it... I'll make sure your body knows... it belongs to me...!
Narration: *Squeezing Sachi's hands tightly in mine, I start moving my hips as fast as I can.*
Sachi: Nhaaah! Aaaah! Aaah! Aaaaaah... Yuu-kun...!
Sachi: Aaaaahn! Aaahn... aaah... aaah... I... I'm... really... mmmm!
Yuuji: Kuh...! Sachi!!!
Narration: *The instant my dick hits the mouth of her womb, I let out a torrent of hot come inside her. *
Sachi: Nhaaaaaaah! Aaah... aaah... fwaaaaaaaaaaah!
Narration: *The impact drives Sachi to orgasm, and her walls squeeze down tightly on me.*
Narration: *The intense stimulation hits me while I'm already sensitive, forcing more and more semen out of my cock.*
Sachi: Fwaaah... aaah... aaahn... you came... so much, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Sachi...
Narration: *As I look down at my trembling girlfriend and take in the blissful expression on her face, a profound sense of satisfaction washes over me.*
Narration: *Overwhelmed by my own emotions, I start to thrust into her again... even as my dick's still pulsing from its orgasm.*
Sachi: Aaaah! Aaah... aaahhn... mmm... no way... you're moving as you come...!? Nngh...!
Yuuji: Sorry, Sachi... but I don't think one round's gonna be enough for me today... I want more...!
Sachi: Fwaaah... aaahn! I'm so happy... to hear you say that... I'll go as many times as you like...!
Narration: *As Sachi's body trembles beneath me, I grab her firmly by the waist and thrust forward again and again.*
Sachi: Yaaaah! Aaah, aaaah! Mmmm...!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Narration: *My dick's extremely sensitive after that massive orgasm. When Sachi's vagina tightens around it, I can't help letting out a grunt of pleasure.*
Sachi: Aaaahn! Aaah... haaah... Yuu-kun... I really do want let you savor this pleasure, but...
Sachi: Fwahn! Mmmm! When you start thrusting that roughly... my body just... aaaahn!
Narration: *After enduring the fierce stimulation of her walls for a few moments, my cock's already just as hard as it was before.*
Sachi: Fwaaahn! Aaah... no... wait, no... mmmm... nnnngh!
Yuuji: Sounds like you came again...
Sachi: Haaah... haaah... mmm... I... can't help iiit...
Narration: *Her body quivering from her small orgasm, Sachi whimpers at me sulkily with tears in her eyes.*
Narration: *Something about that expression stimulates me on a primal, instinctive level; I can feel the movements of my hips growing faster.*
Sachi: Mmmm... no, hold on...! I'm still coming... you can't... fwaaaaah!
Narration: *A new wave of hot fluid fills her trembling pussy, helping me pick up the pace still further.*
Sachi: Yesss! Aaah... aaah... you already came once... but you're even bigger than before...! Hyaaah!
Narration: *Our fluids mix together, leaving the inside of Sachi's pussy a sticky, slimy mess.*
Narration: *Her soft walls entwine themselves around my dick, trying to squeeze out even more of my semen.*
Sachi: Nhaaaah... aaah... aah... mmmm... fwaah... aaaah! You keep going... so deep... ngggh!
Narration: *The irregular contractions of her vagina keep stimulating me at unpredictable moments; I can feel the urge to come rising up within me once again.*
Narration: *Apparently Sachi's on the verge of being overwhelmed as well, judging from the beads of sweat rolling down her forehead.*
Sachi: Haah... haaah... mmmm! Yaah... haah... mmm... Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Sachi...
Narration: *Calling out her name, I lean forward reflexively to kiss her.*
Sachi: *Smack*... *sluurp*... *smack*... *slurp*... haah... mmmm...
Narration: *Our tongues passionately entwine, filling our mouths with each other's saliva.*
Sachi: Pwaah... aaahn... haah... haaah... that was... a very naughty kiss... mmmm...
Yuuji: Yeah. For some reason... even your saliva tastes sweet right now...
Sachi: Hehe... There's no reason to be alarmed. It's the same for me as well...
Narration: *Sachi's barely even got her wits about her at this point... but she still manages to reassure me with a sweet little smile.*
Narration: *How the hell was I lucky enough to get a girl like this to be my wife? Just thinking about it makes my hips move even faster than before.*
Sachi: Haaahn! Aaah... aaaah... aaaahn, again... so deep... aaah... haaah...
Sachi: Hyaaah! Mmm! Yess! Mmm... mmmm... haaah... aaahn... aaah... mmmm!
Narration: *I'm already thrusting as fast as I can. Sachi's breasts shake vigorously, leaving her lingerie increasingly disheveled.*
Sachi: Aaahn! Nhaaaaah! Aaah, fwaaaaahn!
Yuuji: Kuh! Come on, Sachi... how can you be this tight?!
Sachi: Ahaa, mmm! I-It's your fault... for being so rough, Yuu-kun! Nnnngh!
Narration: *At this point, we're both moving our bodies reflexively, not even conscious of what we're doing.*
Narration: *Letting my instincts take control, I squeeze Sachi's breasts tightly, rub my fingers against her clit, and thrust forcefully against her womb again and again.*
Sachi: Nhaaaah! Aaahn! Aaaahn! Aaah... not again... I... can't s-stop...!
Sachi: It feels so good... that it's driving me crazy...! Nnngh! Yesss! Mmmm... It feeels so goood! Yuu-kun!
Yuuji: Sachi... I'm about to come again too...!
Sachi: Fwaaah! Go ahead... fill me up with your come, Yuu-kun!
Yuuji: Aaah... I'm coming, Sachi! Sachi!
Sachi: Aaaaahn! Aaah... aaaah... aaah... hya! Mmmm... Yuu-kun... Yuu-kun!
Sachi: I'm coming too...! Mmmm! Mmm... fwaaaaaaah... aaah! Aaah! Aah... Yaaaaaaaaaah!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...!!**
Sachi: Fwaaaaah! Aaah... ahaaah... mmm... nhaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Narration: *As I ejaculate for the second time, my mind goes blank from the overwhelming pleasure.*
Sachi: Nhaaah... aaaah... aaah... aaah... aaah... aaah... Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Reaching orgasm in the exact same moment, Sachi tightly grips the sheets as I pour my seed inside her.*
Narration: *By the time my ejaculation finally ends, I've dumped a ridiculously large amount of come into Sachi's womb. Hard to believe this is my second orgasm of the night.*
Sachi: Haaah... haaah... haaah... mmmm... mmmm...
Narration: *Once it's all over, Sachi slowly opens her eyes.*
Yuuji: Haah... haaah... Are you all right, Sachi...?
Sachi: Yes... nn... I can still feel you... inside of me, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *Sachi gently rubs her belly with a blissful expression on her face.*
Yuuji: Seriously, though... you really might get pregnant this time...
Sachi: Mmmm... mmmm... I would be overjoyed if so. After all, it would be your child, Yuu-kun... I'm sure it would be an adorable baby...
Yuuji: Good grief... not sure where that confidence comes from...
Sachi: From my love for you, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Your love, huh...?
Sachi: Yes, that's right...
Yuuji: You know, if we really do have a kid... I feel like everyone we know is going to spoil her rotten...
Sachi: Hehehe. You know... I think you might be right about that...
Yuuji: In that case... I guess we'll have to spoil her first, won't we?
Sachi: ...That sounds like a splendid idea.
Sachi: We'll give her so much love... that she won't even have a teenage rebellion...
Narration: *Our wedding ceremony's tomorrow... but Sachi gave me everything she had tonight. Stroking her head affectionately, I hold her in my arms until her breathing returns to normal.*
Narration: *And until we finally fall asleep, the two of us chatter idly about all the things we want to do together.*

Date: *September 23, 2012, 04:45 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *...Morning's here.*
Narration: *I open my eyes at my usual time, then take a few minutes to let my mind wake itself up. Same routine as always.*
Narration: *However, today's going to be anything but an ordinary day for me.*
Narration: *Our relationship's changed a lot over time. From childhood friends to classmates, from classmates to lovers...*
Narration: *And now, from "lovers" to "husband and wife."*
Yuuji: After today's ceremony, Sachi and I will be husband and wife.
Yuuji: ...Hrm. Shouldn't be a problem.
Narration: *By giving voice to my thoughts, I verify that the words feel natural to my own ears.*
Narration: *A change in your position requires taking on all sorts of new responsibilities. That applies to work and relationships alike.*
Narration: *Just as a superior has an obligation to protect their subordinates, a husband's obliged to protect his wife.*
Yuuji: All right then. I need to believe in myself... and become a husband worthy of the trust Sachi's placed in me.
Narration: *From now on, it's up to me to help Sachi find happiness in her life...*
Narration: *Just as my master, Asako, once helped me.*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *Reflecting on the responsibility I've accepted, I glance over to the other side of my bed, only to find that Sachi's already disappeared.*
Narration: *At this point, I finally remember that we agreed to leave the dorm separately today.*
Yuuji: Still... if Sachi was a spy from some foreign power, I'd be dead a hundred times over by now...
Narration: *Come to think of it, back when she first started staying over in my room, I used to wake up every time she even stirred...*
Narration: *I even remember her making unfair complaints to the effect of "It'd be cuter if you would let me wake you up once in a while."*
Narration: *But by now... I don't even notice when she slips out of my bed.*
Narration: *In other words, my body's somehow come to recognize that Sachi's no threat to me.*
Yuuji: ...Anyway, might as well start off with my daily routine.
Narration: *Slapping my cheeks to try and bring myself back down to earth, I promptly leave my room.*
JB: Good morning, Mr. Bridegroom. Did you sleep well?
Narration: *As I open the front door, a remarkably shaggy head of hair appears before my eyes.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry. Seems like I got the wrong building.
JB: No you didn't! I'm the one bringing you to the chapel today, remember!?
Yuuji: Come to think of it, that's right.
JB: We haven't seen each other in a while, and those are the first words out of your mouth...?
Yuuji: Don't get all irritable. If you throw off your menstrual cycle, it'll be harder to notice when you miss a period.
JB: Mind your own business!!
JB: Good grief... I'll make you breakfast, so go take a bath or something.
Yuuji: You want me to show up to my ceremony with an upset stomach? What did I do to deserve this?
JB: All right, mister... when has my cooking ever upset anyone's stomach? Get going already!
Narration: *As I catch the bath towel JB tosses at me, I find myself reflecting on the truth of my master's words...*
Narration: *Specifically, "When a woman wants to pamper you, you're better off shutting your mouth and letting her do as she pleases."*
Narration: *When I return from the grand bathroom a little while later, I find JB rummaging through my refrigerator with an apron on over her suit.*
JB: Given what you've got in here... I'm going to make egg toast, German fries, and vichyssoise. That sound all right?
Yuuji: Yeah. Classic German breakfast... Dump some potatoes in your belly and at least you won't starve, right?
JB: ...One of these days, a German's going to punch you in the face.
Narration: *For once, JB doesn't really take the bait. And soon enough, there's a mouth-watering smell wafting from the kitchen.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Come to think of it, it's been a long time since I've watched her cook like this.*
Narration: *When I was paralyzed by the shock of Asako's death, JB took me into her own apartment and looked after me for months.*
Narration: *Her job's demanding enough that all-nighters are almost routine, but while I was staying with her, she came home every single night to cook me a meal.*
Narration: *At the time, I was so worn out that I probably would have starved myself to death if she hadn't pestered me to eat... To be honest, my memories of that period are pretty vague.*
Narration: *Even so, seeing her standing in the kitchen in that suit reminds me vividly of those sad smiles she used to give me.*
Yuuji: Hey... JB...
JB: ...It won't be long now. Be patient.
Yuuji: ...Sure.
Narration: *JB cuts me off in a tone of voice so gentle that it almost seems like she's read my mind. And so, I decide to watch her work in silence.*
JB: Here you go. Eat up.
Narration: *Less than fifteen minutes later, she places the food on the table in front of me.*
Yuuji: Looks like you're still pretty good at cooking, at least...
JB: I'm not sure I like the way you put that... Is there a problem of some kind?
Yuuji: What I'm worried about is the part that comes after the cooking.
JB: Guh...
Narration: *Although you might not expect it from her flashy appearance, JB's actually a pretty decent cook...*
Narration: *But as with most people who usually eat out, she only feels the need to make something herself when she's drunk.*
Narration: *Her usual routine involves scattering cookware vigorously all across the kitchen, then heading home without even beginning to deal with her mess.*
JB: W-Well... I did clean up properly when we were living together, didn't I?
Yuuji: Yeah. Although you stopped again as soon as I moved out.
JB: *Sigh*...
JB: Honestly... it's such a pain dealing with a man who knows you this well..
Narration: *As JB grumbles words of complaint, I take my first bite of the German fries, which look to have been flavored with miso.*
Yuuji: ...This is good.
JB: See? As long as the food's tasty, nothing else matters.
Yuuji: Tasting this... kind of brings me back, actually...
Narration: *JB's cooking always tasted exceptional.*
Narration: *But even if I didn't remember that... it feels like my body itself can recognize the food it grew up with.*
JB: In that case, eat up before it gets cold.
Yuuji: Yeah, I'll do that.
JB: ......
Narration: *As I begin silently working at my food, I realize that JB's staring at me.*
Yuuji: ...Something wrong?
JB: You said it's good, but it sure doesn't look that way from your face. Guess that's one thing about you that never changes.
Yuuji: Until a year ago, I was used to eating as fast as I could both at work and "school." Old habits die hard, I guess.
JB: Hasn't Sachi said anything to you about this?
Yuuji: As of the moment, she hasn't really complained...
Yuuji: But there was one time when she suddenly asked me to "smile" in the middle of a meal. Guess that might've been related.
JB: Not that I hadn't noticed before, but... Sachi's a bit of a strange one herself, isn't she?
Yuuji: Well, at least she's expressing her feelings instead of bottling them up inside, you know?
JB: The fact that you can see it that way might explain how far your relationship's come...
JB: ...Yes... all right, understood. Please let me know if there's any further movements.
Narration: *When I step out into the lobby after completing my preparations, I find JB just wrapping up a phone call.*
Yuuji: Was that a work call?
JB: It wasn't about work, exactly... but it seems that bomber who's been causing trouble around Mishima Cape has issued another threat.
Yuuji: This would be the third time, right?
JB: Yes. He posted similar warnings twice before, but in both cases, the bombs planted were fake...
JB: Accordingly, Sakuradamon seems to have concluded this is another bluff... but since I'm in Mishima Cape at present, they informed me through Ichigaya.
Yuuji: Even if this threat is another fake, I'm sure they can't just ignore it completely...
JB: True enough. It seems he hasn't declared where the bomb will be planted just yet, so we should get going before they start blocking off roads.
Yuuji: Right. I'm ready whenever.
JB: Uh, you are...? Are you planning to show up in your school uniform?
Yuuji: Sakaki, Mihama's arbiter of common-sense, informed me that a conscientious student doesn't walk around out of uniform when he can help it.
JB: ...I see. Yes, I guess that might suit you best.
Yuuji: Glad to have your approval.
JB: Ah, wait a second...
Narration: *Just as I'm starting to walk forward, JB grabs my shoulder and turns me around to face her.*
JB: ...Your necktie's crooked.
Narration: *It's so natural, you might think we're an old married couple.*
Narration: *With a few casual movements, she fixes up my clothing.*
Narration: *That might not sound like anything significant... but for me, it brings back a lot of memories.*
Narration: *When the woman I loved died, and I lost the will to live...*
Narration: *When I failed to concentrate, and screwed up on the job...*
Narration: *When I found something to protect, and reached out for help...*
Narration: *...JB was there to support me. Always.*
JB: All right. There we go.
Yuuji: Julia...
JB: Wh-What...?
Yuuji: Thank you.
JB: ......
Narration: *Filled with sincere gratitude, I find myself expressing it in words.*
JB: Save lines like that until the last minute, okay? I can't very well start crying before the ceremony even begins.
Narration: *For a moment, I can see the surprise in JB's face, but it soon gives way to a smile.*
Narration: *Normally, I'd expect a sarcastic wisecrack or two at this point... but today, I don't exactly mind seeing her sweet side.*
Principal: Ah, the bridegroom's finally here!
Narration: *Arriving at the chapel just barely on time, we find Chizuru in the lobby, where she'll be receiving the guests.*
JB: I'm sorry. We hit a traffic jam on our way over...
Principal: I see... Was it related to the police activity that's been going on since this morning?
JB: Yes... I don't believe this has been publicly announced yet, but that mad bomber has apparently issued a threat directly to the police...
Principal: Seems that they haven't secured an actual crime scene yet, either... Does that mean they don't know where the bomb is?
JB: Regrettably, you're correct.
Principal: I had a vague sense this might happen... but why today, of all days...?
JB: Indeed...
Yuuji: Still... we don't have to postpone the ceremony right away, do we?
Principal: Not for the moment, at least...
Principal: However, if Harudera-san or I decide that it might be putting everyone in danger, we'll cancel the ceremony at any time.
Yuuji: I guess that sounds about right.
Narration: *The threats up until now were all basically pranks, but that doesn't mean this time will necessarily play out the same.*
Narration: *Given that the basic goal of a terrorist bombing is to hit places where many people are gathered, this is probably the best compromise they can reasonably offer.*
Yuuji: Anyway, what happened to the others? Weren't they going to help you with receiving the guests?
Principal: Now that you mention it, they told me they were "stepping away for a moment" a little while ago... and I haven't seen them since.
Yuuji: Hey, come on... aren't you supposed to be keeping track of our "staff"?
Principal: Well... at their age, attending a friend's wedding is a rare and valuable experience. I'm sure there's lots they want to learn.
Yuuji: You're thinking about "learning experiences" at a time like this? What a model educator.
Principal: That's very kind of you.
Narration: *Chizuru seems to be in a good enough mood to let my sarcasm slide. Guess it isn't every day you can attend a wedding between two of your own students.*
Principal: In any case, we're cutting it rather close on time... Shouldn't you be getting changed, Kazami-kun?
Yuuji: True enough.
Narration: *With a nod to JB, I turn and head off to my dressing room.*
Principal: ―Hyaan!!
Principal: Uugh... that huuurts...
JB: Uh... are you all right? That was a rather impressive "thunk"...
Principal: I-I'm not all right, but... I'll get over it...
JB: ......
JB: Can't quite bring yourself to celebrate Yuuji's marriage, can you?
Principal: Nweh!?
JB: "Nweh," she says...
Principal: Wh-Where did that come from? A-As an educator, I'm naturally overjoyed for both of my―
JB: ...In that case, I'm not sure why you'd knock your head into a pillar the instant Yuuji walked out of sight.
Principal: ...You really are something of a bully, Harudera-san. It's almost like I'm talking to Kazami-kun himself.
JB: Unless you give as good as you get, you'll never cut it as a problem child's case officer.
Principal: ......
Principal: Well, you're certainly acting like the calm grown-up who's got it all figured out... but how do YOU feel about this, Harudera-san?
Principal: You and Kazami-kun lived together for a while, correct? Were there any... indiscretions on your part?
JB: No comment...
Principal: Look at you dodge and weave...
JB: I'm not really trying to avoid the question.
JB: When Yuuji and I stayed together, he'd lost his reason to live... and I couldn't do a thing for him, other than force him to work. I'm a terrible person...
JB: My feelings toward him... can be neatly summarized by the word "guilt."
Principal: Harudera-san...
JB: But in your case, Chizuru-san... Yuuji's the man who saved your life, right?
Principal: Well, I suppose...
Principal: After that awful incident in the Vancouver airport, he looked down and laughed at me as I thrashed around in the sea... I have to admit, it made me rather angry...
Principal: But even so... Kazami-kun was still the "prince" who rescued me from the villains' clutches...
JB: Your prince, huh...?
Principal: ......
Principal: That said, I truly am glad that these two found each other.
JB: What do you mean?
Principal: Kazami-kun and Komine-san both experienced childhoods that can be legitimately described as "tragic"...
Principal: But now, they're building a genuinely happy future together. How could I not be overjoyed for them?
JB: With an attitude like that, I'm sure you'll find someone wonderful soon enough.
Principal: I wonder about that...
JB: There's better men than Yuuji out there, that's for sure. More than there are stars in the sky.
Principal: That doesn't sound particularly convincing, coming from a single woman...
JB: Guh... Ch-Chizuru-san, you're rather harsh yourself...
Principal: That's what you get for teasing me.
JB: ......
Principal: ......
JB: You know, it's been a while since we've seen each other. Want to go out drinking tonight? I know a nice, quiet place in the neighborhood.
Principal: Uh... would that be all right? I'm certainly willing, but aren't you busy with work...?
JB: If it can wait until tomorrow, I'll do it tomorrow. Better to focus on the things I can only do today.
Principal: ......
JB: Right?
Principal: Right you are. Let's drink the night away, then!!
JB: Hahaha. That's the spirit.
Yumiko: Ah...
Narration: *As I enter the room, I find Sakaki seated within, an open book on her lap.*
Yumiko: You certainly took your time, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: Yeah. Got all caught up groping a blonde's rear end and lost track of the time.
Yumiko: Should you really be saying things like that right before swearing eternal faithfulness to a single woman? 
Yuuji: It's fine. My bride's more understanding than your average deity.
Yumiko: Sounds like quite the trusting relationship you have there...
Yuuji: Where is Sachi now, anyway?
Yumiko: By this point, she's probably in her dressing room, putting on her makeup and dress... Want to go peek?
Yuuji: ...Nah, I've already put up with the suspense this long. Might as well save the fun for the big moment.
Yumiko: I'd say that's a wise choice.
Yuuji: So... what are you doing here?
Yumiko: Are you blind? I'm reading a book.
Yuuji: Right. I'm asking why you're reading in here, specifically.
Yumiko: Well, I'd feel bad for you if everyone was with Komine-san... So I'm keeping you company out of the kindness of my heart.
Narration: *So she says... but I'm willing to bet she just couldn't handle the loud, celebratory atmosphere.*
Yuuji: I see. In that case, Sakaki, why don't you help me practice for the "kiss the bride" part of the ceremony?
Yumiko: Sounds like an idea. I don't have much else to do with myself, so by all means.
Yuuji: Oh hoh... and to think, you once blushed bright red when I merely suggested you serve as my lap pillow. You've really come a long way, Sakaki.
Yumiko: I wouldn't... exactly say that.
Yumiko: It's just that... even if I were standing in front of you in a school swimsuit and cat ears right now, I'm well aware you wouldn't do a thing to me.
Yuuji: That's some confidence. What makes you say that?
Yumiko: I can tell that you're going to be a doting, loyal father. In fact, I'm willing to bet my own virginity on it.
Yuuji: Really going all-in, aren't we...?
Yumiko: Well, I've seen quite a lot of the opposite extreme. I think I'm qualified to make that call.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *I suppose some people might just say Sakaki's putting up a brave front...*
Narration: *But seeing her acting the same as always relieves a bit of the tension I've been feeling. I probably owe her some gratitude.*
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: ...Wh-What? I'm not going to help you practice kissing, you know.
Yuuji: All right. I'm going to change into my morning coat now. Can you help me out?
Yumiko: Ah...
Yumiko: H-Honestly... you could have just said that in the first place...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Yuuji: Guess that girl's actually pretty nervous after all...
???: Onii-chaaan? Sorry ta interrupt, but yer order of dee-lish-us loli pussy has arrived.
???: C-Could I interest you in... a v-virgin tsundere...?
???: Ahem... How's about a genuine Mishima Cape-grown F-cup slut? Good in the kitchen, better in bed!
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: I don't want a loli, a tsundere, or a slut. I've got all I need.
Michiru: Oh, come on! What's with that attitude!? That was really embarrassing, so at least pretend like we surprised you!
Makina: We're givin' ya the chance to have yer way with three chaste young maidens, and that's all ya got to say? Yer no fun at all, Onii-chan.
Amane: Well, that's Yuuji for you, I guess.
Yuuji: It's nice that you've apparently figured me out, but what do you want? I'm assuming you're not really here to throw yourselves at me before I become a married man.
Amane: Hmmm... well, this is kind of a bold move on our part... but it's not like we want to have sex or anything.
Yuuji: What is it, then?
Michiru: We're sorta here to... get some closure, I guess.
Yuuji: ...Closure?
Makina: Indeed. We had us a meetin' last night, and decided ta tell you our feelings.
Yuuji: Your feelings?
Makina: Yep. As ya know, Onii-chan, we were all hella onboard with you two gettin' married. Right?
Yuuji: Well, yeah.
Makina: An' we totally meant that, of course. We really do want you and Sacchin to be happy together.
Makina: Thing is, though, our maidenly hearts are still a wee bit conflicted about this whole deal.
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *It's probably a little like seeing someone you enlisted with get promoted past sergeant before you... Hard not to be a little envious.*
Michiru: Basically... we want a chance to get rejected by you. Okay?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *They know I'm going to reject them, but they want to go through with this anyway.*
Narration: *At a glance, it seems like a truly ridiculous course of action. But I understand how important it is to emotionally prepare yourself for change.*
Narration: *In the first place, family-oriented ceremonies like weddings exist to help people come to terms with transitions in their lives... and from that perspective, something like this isn't all that unreasonable.*
Yuuji: ...All right.
Amane: Thank you, Yuuji.
Narration: *The three of them begin to draw deep breaths, evidently trying to maintain their calm.*
Narration: *Standing up straight, I position myself directly in front of them.*
Narration: *For a moment, we stare at each other in silence. Makina's the first to break it.*
Makina: Err, guess I'll start us off, then... Mm, ahem... blehm! *Hack*! *Wheeze*!
Amane: Maybe you shouldn't clear your throat so hard you end up choking...
Makina: Gimme a break... I ain't used ta bein' this nervous, okay...?
Michiru: Hurry up and say it, then... I want to get this over with too...
Makina: ...Yeah, yer right. Okay then, let's take it from th' top...
Makina: Uhm... I, Irisu Makina, love you, Onii-chan.
Amane: Same here. Before I knew it... I fell in love with you for real.
Michiru: I also, uhm... l-l-love you...
Narration: *Their gazes are steady, and their words are earnest.*
Narration: *But despite the determination in their eyes, I can see a hint of anxiety wavering just beneath the surface.*
Narration: *It wouldn't be right to answer them with anything but the utmost sincerity.*
Yuuji: ...I'm sorry, but I can't accept your feelings.
Yuuji: I've already decided that Sachi's the one and only woman for me. I'll love her for the rest of my life.
All Three: ......
Michiru: Well... saw that one coming a mile away...
Yuuji: Nothing anyone can say is going to change how I feel about this.
Amane: ...I see.
Yuuji: Sorry...
Amane: Aw, c'mon, you don't have to apologize. This is what we wanted, after all.
Yuuji: I'm glad to hear you say that.
Michiru: And anyway, it's kind of a load off my chest.
Makina: I had this nasty gloomy feelin' up around my throat, but now it's all gone!
Yuuji: Is that really how these things work?
Amane: ...Yep. Girls are more complicated than they seem... but a lot simpler than you might expect.
Narration: *Amane's words might sound a bit contradictory... but when I look at the brilliant smile on her face, they seem oddly persuasive.*
Amane: So anyway, we'll be rooting for you two with all our hearts from now on.
Michiru: Sachi means a lot to all of us, so you better take good care of her.
Makina: Ya dang well better make her happy, man!
Yuuji: Yeah. That's the plan.
Narration: *The words I spoke in front of Sachi's mother weren't lies or fantasies. I'm going to bring her daughter happiness, no matter what...*
All Three: ......
Amane: All right then. We're gonna go help out Chizu-chan and Sacchan now.
Makina: Make sure ya put some effort into dressin' up, Onii-chan.
Michiru: She's going to be even more beautiful than you're expecting. Better hold onto your hat.
Yuuji: I usually don't mind surprises, but please don't march her out there in her underwear.
Michiru: Ooh... wish I'd thought of that...
Makina: Sacchin would prob'ly give us the OK right away. We should totally record th' moment for pos-terry-tee!
Amane: You kids are monsters...
Yuuji: ...Man, what a rowdy bunch.
Narration: *Still... it really does feel like we've cleared up something that's been hanging over us for a while.*
Narration: *I owe them for that. For the courage they showed at the very end.*
Narration: *I'm sincerely glad I ended up in this place, with those girls as my classmates.*
Narration: *It's only because of their constant "encouragement" that Sachi and I made it this far in the year that's passed since the start of our relationship.*
Narration: *...I sure as hell wouldn't say this to their faces, but I'm not embarrassed to call them my "comrades." I'll be grateful to them for the rest of my life.*
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: This isn't like me at all. It's not like I'm about to face certain death or anything...
Narration: *As I murmur these words and scratch ruefully at my head, there's a sharp knock at my door.*
JB: ...I'm coming in, Yuuji.
Narration: *Opening the door an instant later, JB steps quickly into the room. Why isn't she off chatting with Chizuru...?*
Yuuji: What's the matter? Please don't tell me a job came in.
JB: That would be a hundred times better than this...
Yuuji: ...It's the bomber, then?
JB: Yes...
JB: Just a moment ago, it seems there was an additional statement to the effect of "the bomb is in place and functioning properly."
Yuuji: And as it turns out, the perpetrator was a prank-calling kid who watches too much TV... right?
JB: Very funny... I certainly wish that were the case...
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *One look at JB's increasingly stern expression is enough to convince me that this is no laughing matter.*
Yuuji: So. Did they announce where the bomb's been placed?
JB: That's the issue... all they said was "Today, I'm going to punish the most happy people in Mishima Cape."
Yuuji: The most "happy" people, huh...?
Narration: *In our line of work, the word "happy" is mostly applied to war-junkies addicted to drugs and violence... or clueless civilians...*
Narration: *But in this town, it wouldn't be easy to find many of the former. And if it's the latter, the hint's just pointlessly vague.*
Narration: *In that case, it's probably safe to assume he's choosing his target based on some other criteria, but...*
Yuuji: Wait a second...
JB: Don't tell me...!
Narration: *Just as a possible answer pops into my head, JB seems to reach the same conclusion.*
Narration: *"The most happy people"...*
Narration: *In a purely literal sense, it could mean those who're feeling the most joy at any given moment.*
Narration: *And since we're the only ones holding a wedding ceremony in this chapel today... it's fair to say there aren't many people "happier" than us in all of Mishima Cape.*
Yuuji: ...JB, can you get a bomb squad out here right away?
JB: Before that, we have to inform everyone of the danger!
Yuuji: Yeah... I agree with you there.
Michiru: Hey, guys. I was keeping an eye on the lobby for the principal, but somebody dropped off this package addressed to the chapel...
Makina: Oho? I betcha the old man at th' greengrocers sent over some fresh veggies as a weddin' present!
Yumiko: Perhaps... but would you really put vegetables in a gift box like this?
Narration: *As JB and I burst out into the hallway, I immediately see my classmates gathering around Michiru... who's got a large gift box in her hands.*
JB: Wha...
Yuuji: ...You've got to be kidding.
Narration: *Instantaneously, both JB and I realize that the "present" Michiru's holding must be the bomb in question.*
Amane: Sorry to keep you waiting! We finished Sacchan's makeup～♪
Sachi: Ah... Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: Sachi...
Narration: *Unfortunately, Amane picks this exact moment to lead Sachi into the hall...*
Narration: *And in the brief instant I spend staring at my bride's wedding dress, Michiru reaches for the gift box's lid.*
Michiru: Okay then, guess we might as well take a look inside!
Yuuji: Wait, Michiru!!
JB: ...Kuh!!
All Four: Hya...
Narration: *Reacting instantly, JB and I grab everyone nearby and pull them to the floor.*
Yuuji: ...8... 9... 10.
Narration: *After counting to 10 and confirming that I'm still capable of moving my body, I come out of my self-defense position and open my eyes.*
Yuuji: No immediate explosion, at least...
Yumiko: E-Explosion...?
Amane: Owwww... geez. What the heck is going on...?
Makina: Ugggh, ya squished my cheek right inta th' floor, man...
Michiru: Huh...? Wait a second, what's with this...?
Narration: *While everyone around her is still stunned for the moment, Michiru seems to have noticed something strange about the "present" she's holding.*
JB: Stop! Don't move a muscle, everyone!!
Narration: *JB's voice rings out sternly through the air, and everyone freezes in place.*
Yumiko: W-Well, all right, but...
Sachi: Why are you telling us not to move...?
JB: I'm going to make this a brief explanation, since we're not out of danger yet... but this morning, that "bomber" people have been talking about issued a new threat.
Yumiko: Wha...?
JB: And based on additional information that just came in, there's a good possibility that his target might be this very chapel.
JB: Given that we just had a suspicious package arrive without a return address...
Yuuji: There's an extremely high chance that the gift box Michiru's holding right now contains an explosive device.
Michiru: A-An... explosive device!?
Yuuji: ...Don't move, Michiru.
Michiru: ...Wh-Why not?
Yuuji: There are two metal bars sticking up out of that cake you're holding, aren't there?
Michiru: Y-Yeah, there are...
Yuuji: I assume there's a metal rail in between them... Can you see a pachinko ball sitting on top of it?
Michiru: S-Sure, I do... What about it...?
Yuuji: At first, the lid of that gift box was keeping the pachinko ball fixed in place. But now, that stopper's no longer present.
Yuuji: In other words, if that wobbling pachinko ball touches either one of those rods, it's going to activate the detonator.
Michiru: Huh!? Wait, uh... t-the detonator...? You're kidding, right...?
Narration: *As Michiru stares over at me with desperation in her eyes, I quietly shake my head.*
Michiru: NOOOooohoooo!!!
Yuuji: Calm yourself. The flipside of this is... the bomb won't go off as long as you remain perfectly still.
Michiru: Y-You're sure about that, right...?
Yuuji: Positive. And on that note, I'm going to start defusing this thing immediately.
Michiru: Huh...? You're going to do it, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Yeah... Of course, we're going to be calling in a bomb squad as well, but there's no guarantee you'll be able to hold still long enough.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *I glance over at Sachi and JB while explaining the situation to Michiru. With small nods, they quickly leave the area.*
Narration: *They'll handle contacting the authorities and evacuating everyone on the other floor. One less thing to worry about.*
Makina: I see whatcha mean. Wouldn't s'prise me if Chiruchiru sneezes and drops th' cake or somethin'...
Michiru: I-It's fine! I wouldn't mess around at a time... like th... haa... haaa...
Yumiko: Really, Matsushima-san!? You didn't even get through a single sentence!
Makina: ...Hmph!
Michiru: Nmmbh!!
Narration: *Just as Michiru begins to open her mouth wide, Makina quickly rushes over and jams a finger just under her nose.*
Makina: If ya press down on yer upper lip with a finger like this, you can stop yerself from sneezin'. Little bit of trivia I picked up from an old guy in my hospital.
Michiru: S...Shanks, Makena...
Makina: ...Makena? Ain't that a nudist beach somewhere...? Hawaii, maybe?
Amane: ...*Sigh*
Amane: Anyway, Yuuji knows enough about bombs to teach Sacchan, so I guess we'll probably be okay...?
Yuuji: You're overestimating me. If this detonator was more carefully constructed, I wouldn't be able to do anything without tools.
Amane: A bomb that someone actually wants to explode is pretty much impossible to deactivate...
Yuuji: Exactly.
Yuuji: And on the other hand, there's also a possibility I'll screw this up. I want everyone except Michiru to get out of this building while you still can.
Amane: Wait... you want us to leave you two here and run away...?
Yumiko: I understand how you feel... but we should really respect Kazami-kun's judgment. Without any relevant knowledge, we'd just get in the way.
Makina: It's frustratin' as heck, but... Yumi-chan's right about this one...
Narration: *Silently thanking Sakaki as she ushers Amane and Makina away, I turn my attention back to Michiru's face.*
Michiru: ...H-Hey, Yuuji... you can... handle this, right?
Yuuji: Like I said just now, there's no guarantees when it comes to defusing bombs.
Michiru: Hold on... are you saying my life might just... end here?
Yuuji: I'll do my absolute best to prevent that. Trust me.
Michiru: Uu... o-okay, fine...
Narration: *Gritting her teeth in a show of determination, Michiru manages to stop trembling.*
Narration: *That line probably wouldn't have worked so well on an ordinary bystander. In that sense, I suppose we're lucky it was Michiru who opened the bomb.*
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: Wha―
Sachi: I'm going to touch you for a moment, Michiru-sama...
Michiru: Sachi! You came back to save me!
Narration: *Moments after her sudden reappearance, Sachi begins to carefully slip a few articles of protective athletic gear onto Michiru's body. God knows where she got it.*
Narration: *It's probably intended to serve as a makeshift bomb suit to offer Michiru some protection from the potential blast.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *"Don't mind me. Please continue."*
Narration: *Sachi doesn't speak out loud, but her glance in my direction communicates her intentions clearly enough.*
Narration: *Considering what she said yesterday, I wouldn't have been surprised if she asked to handle this herself... but I guess she's decided that actual bomb defusal's beyond her current capabilities.*
Narration: *Of course, the fact that she can make that sort of judgment call has a lot to do with why I accepted her demands.*
Yuuji: All right then, let's get started...
Michiru: O-Okay...
Narration: *With a deep breath, I shut out the noise of the world around me and bring my utmost concentration to bear on the task at hand.*
Michiru: Uh... hey, wait a second. Do you hear something?
Yuuji: Well, I hear your voice.
Michiru: No, that's not what I meant. It's more like... this ominous, buzzing drone...
Yuuji: You're just imagining it. And if something does happen, tough it out.
Michiru: What? How am I supposed to "tough out" an explosion!?!
Yuuji: Phew...
Narration: *The first step of defusing any bomb is to understand it, but without using infrared rays, there's essentially no way to know the internal structure of this one.*
Michiru: Wah... it's coming over here! Hey, wait... the buzzing's going in my ear... it's in my eaaaaaaar!!
Yuuji: ...You're distracting me. Pipe down, will you?
Michiru: ...Naaaaahh!! The bee's fuuuucking my eaaaar!
Sachi: ...Is there a reason you said that in English?
Michiru: S-Sachi... did you get it for me?
Sachi: Yes. Honestly, Michiru-sama, you're quite a handful sometimes...
Michiru: Why are you acting like it was my fault!? I can't do anything with my hands full, right!?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *At a glance, it really does look like a perfectly normal cake apart from the metal rods and the pachinko ball.*
Narration: *If she were here, my master would probably be saying "Who needs proof? Intuition's good enough," or something equally reckless...*
Narration: *But under these circumstances, it's true that we won't get anywhere without taking some risks.*
Yuuji: ...Michiru... I'm going to touch the cake.
Michiru: O-Okay...
Narration: *Swallowing quietly, I lift the box out of Michiru's hands, only to discover it's much lighter than expected.*
Narration: *Given how little of the bomb is visually exposed, it's natural to assume that there are sensors and explosives packed in the center of the cake itself... but it feels far too light for that.*
Yuuji: And that means...
Narration: *In order to test the hypothesis taking form in my mind, I take a plastic comb out of my pocket and slowly push it into the center of the cake.*
Narration: *It seems to reach the bottom without any real resistance.*
Yuuji: I see. So that's how it is.
Michiru: H-Huh...? What's that supposed to mean?
Narration: *Ignoring Michiru and the question marks floating over her head, I reach down and pick the pachinko ball up off the metal rail.*
Michiru: H-Hold on! Should you really be taking that off!? Hey!!
Yuuji: ...Well, I guess that figures.
Narration: *There's still no response. At this point, my theory's pretty much been confirmed.*
Michiru: Huh? You're kinda acting like we're already done... Did you already defuse it?
Yuuji: Well, I didn't defuse anything, but there's no need to worry about it exploding.
Michiru: So you're saying... I'm safe now?
Yuuji: Yeah. You can sneeze or drop the cake all you want. It won't blow up.
Michiru: ...A-Are you sure about that?
Yuuji: What, you don't believe me? Try jumping, then.
Michiru: ......
Michiru: Uhhh... I want to make really sure I heard you right. What did you just say?
Yuuji: I told you to jump up and down.
Michiru: Whaaat!? Are you serious!? I can't do that!
Sachi: ...Get jumping already, if you'd be so kind.
Michiru: ―Fwoooh!!
Michiru: Hah!? Ngeeee...
Michiru: ..........
Yuuji: Well? Didn't explode, did it?
Michiru: I-It's true... I'm still alive...
Sachi: Of course you are. Yuu-kun said it won't explode, and that means it won't explode.
Michiru: Woo-hoooo!!
Narration: *Finally convinced of her survival, Michiru tosses the cake in her hands aside and leaps dramatically toward me.*
Michiru: Oh maaan. Nice job, Yuuji! I knew you'd come through in the end!
Yuuji: Well, it's less that I "came through" and more that the bomb was a dummy.
Michiru: I don't care if it was a dummy or a mummy at this point. Right now, I just wanna bury my face in this nice, soft... uh, soft...?
Sachi: How do you like the feel of this guaranteed Komine-quality 84 centimeter C-cup bosom? It's grown another 2 centimeters recently, you know.
Michiru: ...Huh? Weren't you standing behind me a second ago, Sachi? Why...?
Sachi: I wished to share in your joy... would be the polite fiction. In reality, I interceded to prevent you from hugging Yuu-kun.
Michiru: I-I guess I can understand how you feel... but was this really necessary?
Yuuji: It is our wedding day, you know. She might be a little oversensitive at the moment. Try to just laugh it off.
Sachi: It's just as Yuu-kun says. Rather than concerning ourselves with such trivialities, let us celebrate that no one was harmed.
Michiru: True enough. Guess I'll just take this chance to grope Sachi's chest.
Yuuji: ...Sorry, why?
Sachi: Incidentally... I'm quite impressed you were able to tell this bomb was a dummy, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: In retrospect, I probably should have suspected that possibility from the start, based on the fact Michiru was holding it up so easily.
Michiru: So how did you figure out it was a fake, Yuuji?
Yuuji: When I lifted the cake, it seemed way too light.
Michiru: So it would have been heavy if it was a real bomb?
Yuuji: I wouldn't say that's always the case, but if the detonator's elaborate enough to use a pachinko ball, you definitely need some kind of motion sensor.
Yuuji: That alone would have made the cake noticeably heavier than it was.
Sachi: I see... So that's how you figured it out...
Yuuji: Well, in any case... for now, we should let everyone know that the cake wasn't really a bomb.
Sachi: Indeed. Please leave that to me.
Narration: *Sachi proceeds to leave the hall and inform the personnel who evacuated out of the building that they're in no immediate danger.*
Narration: *Not long thereafter, a bomb squad arrives at the chapel and begins to carry out a thorough search...*
Narration: *And about two hours later, JB and Chizuru come to my dressing room to report on their findings.*
JB: ...They've finished up, Yuuji.
Yuuji: What's the word?
JB: The search didn't turn up anything. Other than that dummy, they didn't find any suspicious items.
JB: Also, it seems they found someone thought to be the man who handed Michiru the cake in a nearby cafe. He's been taken into custody.
Yuuji: Hrm... that's all good news, but considering how much trouble he gave Sakuradamon up until now, it feels a bit anti-climactic.
JB: Well, all three of his threats ultimately turned out to be fake. It seems like a natural enough end for a malicious prankster of that sort.
Yuuji: I guess you're right, but...
Principal: By the way, there's also the matter of the ceremony. It's still on hold for the moment, but...
Yuuji: Right. If they've secured the chapel, I'd personally prefer to go ahead with it... What do you think, Chizuru?
Principal: I'd honestly rather reschedule, just to be on the safe side. Is there some reason you're so determined to do it today?
Yuuji: ...Today's Sachi's birthday.
JB: Do you think there's a need to have your wedding on her birthday?
Yuuji: Yeah. I think you're both familiar with Sachi's past...
Yuuji: Thanks to that incident on her 10th birthday, she's come to associate this date with her "crime"... and all the guilt that came with it.
Yuuji: I want to overwrite that negative image, if at all possible.
JB: In that case... if we can't do it today, the next chance won't be for another year...
Yuuji: On top of that, her birthday this year will end up being "the day she couldn't get married." Might end up making the problem even worse.
Principal: It's not uncommon for people to register their marriage or hold the ceremony on their birthdays... but I didn't know you'd put that much thought into this, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: There's really not much else I can do for Sachi on this one. I just don't want to waste one of my limited chances.
Principal: I see...
JB: Now that we've heard Yuuji's thoughts on the matter... what's your call, Chizuru-san?
Principal: I think it's probably the same as yours, Harudera-san.
JB: ...In that case, we'll continue as planned?
Principal: Yes. That won't be a problem.
Yuuji: I'm grateful to hear you say that... but are you sure?
JB: You're not the only one who cares about Sachi, you know. We want her to be happy too.
Principal: Exactly.
Yuuji: ...Thank you, JB. And you too, Chizuru.
Yuuji: Didn't quite manage to put on my morning coat before, did I...
Narration: *Thanks to JB and Chizuru's efforts, we've managed to get our plans for the ceremony back on track. I'm in my dressing room again, staring at the formal clothes hanging on the wall.*
Yuuji: ...Wish I knew why I still feel so uneasy...
Narration: *The perpetrator's been caught, and there's no threat of an explosion.*
Narration: *By all rights, I should be openly celebrating that the wedding's moving forward as planned... but something about this just doesn't sit right with me.*
Yuuji: Well, I do tend to get anxious when things go too smoothly... Maybe the job's just made me a little paranoid...
JB: Yuuji. Sachi wants a word with you.
Yuuji: ...She does?
Sachi: Pardon me...
Yuuji: What... you're still in your dress, Sachi?
Sachi: Well, unequipping it apparently takes some time, so I was told it would be wisest to leave it on for now...
Yuuji: Don't think I've heard anyone talk about "equipping" a dress before... Anyway, what did you want to talk about?
Sachi: Uhm, well... it's nothing particularly important. I just wanted to thank you, Yuu-kun...
Narration: *The girl's actually blushing. Don't see that every day.*
Yuuji: ...Thank me? Why?
Sachi: Well... it's in regard to the reason you selected my birthday as our wedding date.
Yuuji: Come on, woman... you told her already...?
JB: Teheh.☆
Narration: *...Crap. I'm having a seriously hard time resisting the temptation to knock this shaggy-head flying.*
Sachi: Uhm, please don't be upset with Harudera-san.
Sachi: If someone hadn't told me, I might never have gotten the chance to express my gratitude to you...
Yuuji: Maybe so, but it's not like I wanted to make a big deal about it.
Sachi: Well, it's a big deal to me. Feel free to puff out your chest... You've made me very happy.
Yuuji: Sachi...
Sachi: Thank you very much for choosing today for our wedding ceremony, Yuu-kun.
Narration: *Sachi speaks with a gentle smile on her face, then bows her head deeply.*
Yuuji: You take everything too seriously, you know that...?
Sachi: It's important to express gratitude with a clear, unambiguous "thank you." Even when you're speaking to your future husband.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *Sachi's words bring back the memory of something Kazuki told me a long time ago. There's a small stab of pain in my heart.*
Narration: *In any case... it seems like my thinking wasn't completely off-base here. And it's hard to blame JB for proving that to me.*
Sachi: While I'm here, there is one other unrelated matter I wanted to discuss with both you and Harudera-san.
JB: If you're including me as well... I assume this has something to do with our mad bomber?
Sachi: Yes... Harudera-san did inform me that the man who handed the cake to Michiru-sama has been apprehended, but...
Sachi: I find it difficult to believe that a criminal who's caused such a stir over a period of months would allow himself to be so easily captured.
Yuuji: You think so too, Sachi?
Sachi: Does that mean... you feel the same way, Yuu-kun?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yuuji: It's hard to believe that Sakuradamon's people grabbed the wrong individual, and I'm not saying I don't trust the bomb squad's judgment...
Yuuji: But I just can't help feeling like this incident isn't over yet.
Sachi: I must agree...
JB: In other words, you think there's a possibility the man who delivered that cake bomb wasn't the "Toy Bomber" in question?
Yuuji: There's no proof either way, but it might be a little premature to assume we're no longer in any danger.
JB: However... if we were to begin another search at this point, the ceremony would definitely have to be postponed.
Yuuji: That would be unfortunate, but in on our agreement with Chizuru, we promised to call the wedding off if we can't guarantee that it's safe.
Sachi: For my part, I'm satisfied just to have learned of Yuu-kun's thoughtfulness.
JB: ......
JB: All right then. If that's how you two feel, I'll consult Chizuru-san regarding―
Narration: *Just as JB begins to state the conclusion she's reached, the room's phone abruptly begins to ring.*
Yuuji: A phone call? At a time like this?
Sachi: Under these circumstances, I'd expect anyone with business here to stop by directly...
JB: In that case... your hunch might have been right on the money.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *Signaling JB to keep a careful eye on the area, I slowly pick up the phone.*
Yuuji: ...Hello?
Soft-Spoken Man: "Hey there, Kazami Yuuji-kun."
Narration: *The instant I speak into the receiver, an oddly familiar voice answers me.*
Yuuji: There some reason you're talking to me like an old acquaintance? I'm pretty sure I don't know you.
Soft-Spoken Man: "Huh? Haven't you heard of the Toy Bomber? I thought he was pretty famous in Mishima Cape..."
Yuuji: Ah. So you're the one who's responsible for all that?
Soft-Spoken Man: "Yep, that's right. Also... we've met before, haven't we?"
Yuuji: ...What?
Soft-Spoken Man: "We had a little conversation in the Mishima Cape shopping district not too long ago... Have you forgotten already?"
Yuuji: I see... You're the man with the cologne who asked us those questions, right?
Soft-Spoken Man: "Hahaha, you finally remembered? Sooo glad to hear it. Right, I'm the man with the cologne." 
Yuuji: ...Now I get it.
Narration: *If that man in the crowd was the "Toy Bomber," then it's no surprise he knew about our wedding in detail.*
Narration: *In retrospect, that sweet odor underneath his cologne might have been the lingering scent of explosive powder. It all fits perfectly.*
Yuuji: So... what do exactly do you want from me, Mr. Toy Bomber?
Sachi: ...!
Narration: *I can see Sachi and JB's faces go tense as soon as the words "Toy Bomber" leave my mouth.*
Soft-Spoken Man: "Well, today is your wedding and all. Just thought I'd offer you some words of congratulation."
Yuuji: Couldn't you have just sent a nice telegram, then?
Soft-Spoken Man: "Ooh, didn't even occur to me. But in any case, I got you a present much nicer than any telegram. I do hope you'll accept it."
Yuuji: A present...?
Soft-Spoken Man: "Yep. I was a bit worried for a while there when some idiot screwed up and the blue HiAces came swarming in..."
Soft-Spoken Man: "But there's still a very special bomb of my own manufacture inside that building."
Yuuji: ...Figured as much.
Soft-Spoken Man: "Well, that's a surprise... Were you actually aware?"
Yuuji: I wasn't sure, but you did say something about the bomb "functioning properly" in your follow-up message.
Yuuji: Assuming that statement was the truth, it would be a little strange for you to send over a dummy that didn't even have a firing mechanism.
Soft-Spoken Man: "Hmmm... I'm impressed. You kept a detail that minor in the back of your mind, huh...?"
Yuuji: Besides, if I was in your shoes, I'd start off with two bluffs, then hit with an actual bomb just as everyone's getting complacent.
Soft-Spoken Man: "Ahahaha! Bingo! You'd make quite a terrorist, you know. Honestly, you don't think like an ordinary student, do you?"
Soft-Spoken Man: "Your posture was oddly perfect, too... Perhaps you've received a bit of an unusual 'education,' hmmmm?"
Yuuji: ...!
Narration: *―Things just got a lot more complicated.*
Narration: *If this guy's got a background anything like mine, he probably wouldn't have much difficulty procuring and using explosive powder.*
Narration: *In other words... it's not very likely that he's planted another dummy in this building. It's probably a bomb with some considerable power.*
Yuuji: Okay, I'm going to get to the point. Why exactly are you telling me about your bomb? What do you want?
Soft-Spoken Man: "...Kazami-kun, do you remember what you told me in the shopping district that day?"
Yuuji: Sorry, but I'm not diligent enough to memorize every conversation I've ever had with a stranger.
Soft-Spoken Man: "Ah, I see. Well, it's no big deal... Allow me to refresh your memory."
Soft-Spoken Man: "I quote: As long as I'm alive, I'll protect Sachi from anything that threatens her. That's a promise."
Soft-Spoken Man: "Today, I'd like you to prove that those words were true."
Yuuji: ...You want proof?
Soft-Spoken Man: "Yep. But since I'm the one asking you for a favor here, I'll tell you exactly where I planted the bomb."
Yuuji: Wha―
Soft-Spoken Man: "The bomb's right there with you in the bridegroom's waiting room. Specifically... at the very back of the duct."
Yuuji: Inside the duct...?
Narration: *At a glance, there's only a single ventilation duct in this room, but the inside's probably pretty narrow.*
Soft-Spoken Man: "Incidentally, the bomb's constructed so that it's possible to defuse, as long as you follow the proper procedure."
Soft-Spoken Man: "But the duct in that room's pretty cramped, right? I doubt you'll even fit. It wasn't easy for me either, planting a bomb all the way back there."
Yuuji: ...I see. So that's your game.
Narration: *"A defusable bomb that you can't defuse."*
Narration: *He's set me a puzzle, and now he wants me to solve it.*
Yuuji: By the way, did you program a time limit into this bomb?
Soft-Spoken Man: "Oh, of course. In fact... thanks to all that fuss earlier, you've only got 30 minutes left. Do be careful."
Yuuji: 30 minutes, huh...
Narration: *If we have that much time, why bother playing along? We should be able to get everyone in the chapel to safety...*
Soft-Spoken Man: "Gahahah. You just thought about using that time to evacuate the building, didn't you? My, you really are quick on the uptake."
Soft-Spoken Man: "But I'm afraid you only have 30 minutes to spend defusing the bomb. If you try to get everyone out of that building, I'll detonate it immediately."
Yuuji: Tch...
Soft-Spoken Man: "Heheheh... Ahaahahahahaha!!"
Soft-Spoken Man: "Well? What now!? What do you do!?
Soft-Spoken Man: "No matter how talented you might be, you simply won't be able to reach my bomb. Under these circumstances, how are you going to protect the people you care about!?"
Yuuji: ...Won't be a problem. If we've got 30 minutes, then I'll take care of it by then.
Soft-Spoken Man: "Hmmm... still talking tough, even at a time like this?"
Yuuji: If you think it's just bravado, then sit back and watch while I put your efforts to waste.
Soft-Spoken Man: "...Sure thing. Have fun with that."
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Did you two get the gist of that?
JB: ......
Narration: *JB and Sachi nod quietly.*
JB: You were speaking to the "Toy Bomber," and there's an actual bomb sitting in a duct somewhere... right?
Yuuji: ...Yeah. What's more, it's inside this building... He said it was in the ventilation duct that begins in the room we're standing in.
JB: What...? If that's true, then how did the bomb squad's search miss it...?
Yuuji: A number of possible reasons come to mind... but he informed me of its specific location, and that it's designed to be defusable. I don't think he's bluffing.
JB: In that case, we've got a real problem. Even if the bomb can be defused, there won't be many people who can squeeze into a duct of that size and work on it...
Yuuji: Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if he drove the thing in there using some kind of modified RC vehicle. It's a relatively popular guerilla warfare tactic.
JB: ...Do you know how long we've got until the bomb explodes?
Yuuji: If what he said was true, we have 30 minutes left.
JB: 30 minutes...
Narration: *Murmuring to herself, JB glances down at her watch, then retrieves a handheld PC from her pocket and begins to tap at its keyboard.*
Sachi: Uhm... if we have enough time, couldn't we call back the bomb squad...?
JB: I'm doing that as we speak... but it's going to take them at least 20 minutes to get back here.
JB: After that, they'd have to send a robot arm inside the duct and defuse the bomb... To be honest, there isn't nearly enough time.
JB: Given this, we have little choice but to prioritize evacuating everyone in the―
Yuuji: That's not an option either. He threatened to detonate the bomb the moment we try to escape the building.
Sachi: Oh no...
JB: But that means―
Yuuji: ...We're pretty much out of luck.
Narration: *I might be capable of defusing the bomb, but there's no way I'll fit inside that duct.*
Narration: *That said... if we try to make a run for it, we'll get an immediate "game over."*
Narration: *The threat's clear and unambiguous, but all we can do is wait for death, painfully aware of our helplessness.*
Narration: *Rather than just killing us, forcing us into this "impossible" situation was probably the bomber's primary objective.*
Yuuji: In that case, there's only one option left...
JB: ...!? Yuuji... don't tell me...
Narration: *As I reach my conclusion, I find myself remembering what someone once told me about XOs who never manage to command their own submarine.*
Narration: *When circumstances force you to weigh two things against each other, a "captain" has to be capable of making a calm, rational decision.*
Narration: *That's the nature of the test in front of me. And I'll answer it without hesitation...*
Yuuji: Can you do this, Sachi?
Sachi: ...Yes.
JB: Hold on just a minute! Do you really intend to make Sachi defuse that bomb!?
Yuuji: You're aware that I've been training her in the handling of explosives, right?
JB: Yes... I know what you've been doing, and I'm well aware that Sachi's an exceptionally fast learner with a great deal of natural talent...
JB: But she's still a civilian bystander! This is far too dangerous!
Yuuji: I'm well aware of the risks, but if we just sit here and wait, the odds of everyone in this building getting out alive are low...
Yuuji: The only way to avoid that outcome is to have Sachi crawl into that duct and attempt to defuse the bomb.
JB: Even if that's true... it isn't right to push it all onto Sachi, just because we don't have any better options...
JB: Do you understand what you're saying, Yuuji? Sachi's your fiancee, isn't she?
Yuuji: The fact that you'd even bring that up tells me you're not thinking straight, JB.
JB: Wha―
Yuuji: You're an officer who's been forced to make snap life-or-death decisions countless times. This idea probably occured to you before I even brought it up, right?
JB: W-Well...
Yuuji: I'm not going to send her on a suicide mission. Sachi can do this. I wouldn't have proposed this plan if I thought otherwise.
Sachi: Indeed. If you'll leave it to me, I guarantee I will defuse that bomb.
JB: ...Are you two serious about this?
Sachi: I do understand that it's difficult to put your full confidence in me...
Sachi: But even so, I'm not willing to die knowing that I didn't even try my hardest to avert this disaster.
JB: Sachi...
Yuuji: This is the conclusion we've reached.
JB: ......
Yuuji: I'm not saying you have to approve. Just accept that it's our best option at the moment.
Sachi: Please, Harudera-san...
JB: ...All right.
Narration: *Nodding decisively, JB once again begins to type away on her pocket PC.*
Narration: *I expect she's contacting Ichigaya to inform them of our current situation and plan.*
Yuuji: Thanks, Julia...
Narration: *Even by the standards of "Ichigaya" and "Akasaka," JB's a remarkably talented and intelligent officer.*
Narration: *She must have thought of this plan right away. The fact that she didn't suggest it herself proves how much she cares about us.*
Sachi: Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *Sachi's face is filled with determination. For a moment, I stare quietly into her eyes.*
Yuuji: Listen up, Sachi. I'm a useless bum who's sending his own bride off to deal with a time bomb...
Yuuji: So you damn well better complete your mission and come back safe. If only to give me a piece of your mind.
Sachi: Certainly...
Sachi: But for the record, my primary goal is to make the man I love tell me "well done."
Yuuji: ...That works too. It's a promise.
Sachi: Yes. It's a promise.
Sachi: ......
Narration: *After nodding firmly in answer to my words, Sachi begins to cut the hem of her dress with a pair of antique scissors that were lying on a nearby table.*
Sachi: Okay... I should be able to move fairly well now...
Yuuji: ......
JB: Listen, Sachi... if you realize you can't do this, then you need to turn back immediately.
Sachi: ...I do apologize, but I can't promise you that.
JB: ...*Sigh*
JB: Fine, then. If you're that determined, I won't say anything more...
Narration: *With this, JB puts a hand to Sachi's cheek and kisses her gently on the forehead.*
JB: That's for good luck.
Sachi: ...Thank you very much.
Narration: *It wasn't exactly a pep talk, but we've said what needed to be said. The three of us proceed to push all of the room's furniture together.*
Narration: *Once our makeshift staircase is completed, Sachi clambers carefully up it and opens the ventilation duct's cover.*
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: How does it look? Think you can squeeze in there?
Sachi: It seems to be a rather tight fit, but I got my shoulders in, so I doubt there will be any problems.
Yuuji: All right then. The rest is up to you, Sachi.
Sachi: Indeed. I will now be on my way...
Narration: *Sachi replies to me without turning back, then slides herself carefully into the duct.*
Narration: *I watch until she's disappeared from view, then sit down heavily on the floor.*
Yuuji: ......
JB: We really sent her in there...
Yuuji: Yeah...
JB: At times like these, I really hate being one of the "suits"... All I'm good for is giving orders...
Yuuji: There's no reason for you to put yourself down. The company needs a "brain" that makes rational decisions... It's what allows the "limbs" to put their lives on the line.
JB: ...Even so.
Yuuji: Besides, I'm the one who should be dwelling on my uselessness.
Yuuji: This guy picked a fight with me, and I'm sending off my woman to stand in my place. Doesn't get much worse than that.
JB: Oh, I see. So in your opinion, an Ichigaya agent should be able to deal with threats they're physically unable to reach? Using what, telekinesis?
Yuuji: ...Asako might have been able to figure out some way to deal with this on her own.
JB: Wasn't Asako the one who said... "If you've got time to waste on wishful thinking, use it to eat something instead"?
Yuuji: ...Honestly. It's such a pain dealing with someone who knows you...
JB: That's my line...
Yuuji: Still, like I said before, I didn't send Sachi because she's our only option. It's because I trust her.
Yuuji: Our training was unofficial, so I couldn't exactly give her a badge... but I taught her basically everything I know about explosives and how to handle them.
Yuuji: And when you add Sachi's problem-solving skills and determination to the mix, even a fairly complex bomb shouldn't be too much for her to handle.
JB: Even a "fairly complex" one...? Were you really taking your little training sessions that seriously?
Yuuji: Yeah, I guess so. In the beginning, I wasn't sure I should take it that far...
Yuuji: But once we actually talked it out, I realized that's just our way of doing things.
JB: I see...
JB: You two trust each other very much, don't you?
Yuuji: Would you pick someone you don't trust to wipe your ass when you're a senile old coot?
JB: ...Well, it seems I-9029 is still capable of cracking stupid jokes. Guess I don't have to worry about losing my best asset.
Yuuji: Nice to hear. How about you? Remembered what your job is yet?
JB: Yes. A case officer's role is to ensure the field agents can concentrate solely on their tasks...
JB: I'm going to head out into the hall and keep an eye on the guests, in case something sets off a panic.
Yuuji: Before you go... I have a favor to ask.
JB: A favor?
Yuuji: Right...
Yuuji: If we're able to successfully defuse that bomb, I want to hold the wedding as planned.
JB: You want to go ahead with the ceremony? Are you serious?
Yuuji: Of course, we'd have to capture that bastard who's doing his best to ruin it, and ensure the building's completely safe first...
Yuuji: But I'm pretty sure he's somewhere in this chapel right now... or at the very least, somewhere not too far away.
Narration: *If that wasn't the case, he wouldn't have been able to place that phone call to my room with such impeccable timing...*
Narration: *And given the many ways we could try to fool him, I doubt he'd have threatened to set off the bomb "the moment we try to escape" unless he was here to keep an eye on us.*
JB: I do think that's fairly probable... but it would be dangerous for you to go after him, given that he knows your face. Any ideas?
Yuuji: Yeah. One of my classmates happens to have the nose of a police dog... and another learned Kazami-style Super Self-Defense from the master himself...
Sachi: Nn, ngh... phew...
Narration: *Keeping my body pressed flat against the cold sheet iron of the duct, I crawl my way slowly toward its depths.*
Narration: *The entrance was tight enough that I wasn't completely sure even I could fit, but there's a bit more wiggle room on the inside.*
Narration: *I should have enough space to defuse the bomb itself...*
Sachi: ......
Sachi: No... this isn't the time to be worrying about that...
Narration: *Shaking my head, I banish a distracting thought that had briefly popped into my mind.*
Narration: *Right now, I have to focus solely on what's right in front of me.*
Narration: *Unless I defuse the bomb that's been planted at the back of this duct, my wedding will be the last of anyone's worries. My friends might lose their lives.*
Narration: *―I absolutely cannot allow that to happen.*
Sachi: But...
Narration: *I don't know what sort of bomb awaits me, or whether its structure will even be familiar to me...*
Narration: *In fact, I don't even know if the bomb was truly planted here. It's impossible not to be anxious.*
Narration: *Yuu-kun tells me that pessimistic thoughts are merely proof that I'm properly evaluating potential risks, but I can't allow myself to be paralyzed by the weight of my fears.*
Narration: *Yuu-kun and Harudera-san left this task in my hands because they trust me.*
Narration: *If they didn't believe me capable, I'm positive they would have looked for another solution until the very last possible moment.*
Narration: *And so, I want very much to reward them for placing their faith in me.*
Narration: *Yes...*
Sachi: A year ago today, Yuu-kun also chose to trust me... and encouraged me to see my mother.
Sachi: In the end, I couldn't find my own answer, and was forced to rely on his assistance...
Sachi: But I'm no longer the person I was on that day.
Sachi: I'm not doing this... because someone asked me... or because I have to be a "good girl"...
Sachi: I'm in this place of my own free will.
Sachi: If I don't want to be "protected" all the time... if I want to be useful to Yuu-kun... I need to prove myself capable.
Sachi: And so...
Narration: *"I can't worry Yuu-kun any more than I already have."*
Narration: *"I have to handle this on my own!"*
Sachi: Ah...
Narration: *As these words flash through my mind, I feel my heart thump loudly in my chest.*
Sachi: I see... So this... is how Yuu-kun's felt all this time...
Narration: *Yuu-kun has always been fighting the fear and uncertainty I'm experiencing now.*
Narration: *That's why he doesn't go into detail about his job. That's why he keeps us away from it.*
Narration: *If we knew the truth in full... we'd no doubt have been paralyzed by anxiety.*
Narration: *It was a kindness on his part...*
Sachi: And I... didn't even try to consider his perspective...
Narration: *Based on my childish assumptions, I decided that I understood Yuu-kun's struggles...*
Narration: *I put my own desire to "help him" first, and didn't bother to truly consider his feelings.*
Narration: *I was acting exactly like the selfish child I used to be.*
Sachi: I finally understand...
Sachi: And I won't make the same mistake again.
Sachi: I'll tell him... exactly what I'm feeling now...
Sachi: Ah―!?
Sachi: This is...
Yuuji: ...10 minutes to go, huh?
Narration: *Alone in my room, which JB left some time ago, I mutter quietly to myself.*
Narration: *10 minutes from now, everyone in this building might well be dead.*
Narration: *Given the circumstances, I should probably be having my life flash before my eyes, or sentimentally reflecting on my regrets and such...*
Narration: *But oddly enough, I'm almost completely calm.*
Narration: *My faith in Sachi definitely has something to do with that. However, there's also some more solid ground for optimism.*
Narration: *Specifically: the fact that the bomb wasn't discovered during the initial search is actually a very good sign.*
Narration: *When you're looking for a bomb, standard procedure is to look for the sounds produced by electric signals such as clock pulses.*
Narration: *Given that the bomb in the ducts wasn't detected using those methods... it's reasonable to assume that it's an old-fashioned number that doesn't use much in the way of electronic equipment.*
Narration: *In other words, the bomber's claim that "it's possible to defuse, as long as you follow the proper procedure" seems more credible than it otherwise might.*
Yuuji: Still...
Narration: *"Those searches aren't always accurate. What if they just didn't find it, and it's actually too complicated for Sachi to handle...?"*
Narration: *"What if he's set up another bomb apart from the one in the duct...?"*
Narration: *No matter how I try to avoid thinking about the worst-case scenarios, they flash through my mind one after another.*
Yuuji: ...Gah! Damn it!!
Narration: *There's no point racking my brains about this now.*
Narration: *No matter how many times I sigh, it's not going to make Sachi's job any easier.*
Narration: *Just assume she's going to succeed. Think about her returning triumphant.*
Narration: *Once you've pulled the trigger, all you can do is pray. This isn't any different.*
Yuuji: ―!?
Yuuji: Of course... now I get it...
Narration: *I do trust her.*
Narration: *But regardless, I just can't help worrying myself sick about her.*
Narration: *This has to be exactly how Sachi feels... waiting for me to return after JB's called me out into the field.*
Yuuji: I never really discuss the details with her... but she must be worried sick anyway...
Narration: *Now that I think about it, no matter how much Sachi insists "I wasn't worried in the slightest," she always seems to be waiting for me outside the school gates.*
Narration: *And now I understand why.*
Narration: *It's the coping mechanism of a stubborn "honor student."*
Yuuji: ...Right. That's just the way you are.
Narration: *I'm probably a failure as a boyfriend for taking so long to remember that, but at least I've finally managed to catch on.*
Narration: *Up until now, I've really just been accepting Sachi's demands.*
Narration: *And that's not the same as actually understanding her feelings.*
Narration: *Now that I can see the difference, it's made things a lot clearer for me.*
Yuuji: There's something I really need to say to you...
Yuuji: So make sure you get back here in one piece... Sachi...
Yuuji: ―Gah!?
Narration: *The instant I speak that name, a sudden blow knocks the air from my lungs.*
Yuuji: (What is this...? Was I just attacked...?)
Yuuji: (I underestimated him... Didn't think he'd use the bomb as a distraction and come after me directly...)
Narration: *Shamed by my carelessness and furious at my enemy, I manage to pull myself together. But as I open my eyes...*
Sachi: Uhm... Komine Sachi has returned...
Narration: *With dust on her nose and a smile on her face, Sachi appears before me.*
Yuuji: S-Sachi...
Sachi: You... just called for me, didn't you?
Yuuji: Well, I spoke your name... but why are you here...?
Yuuji: No, wait. If you're back here, what happened to the bomb? Our time's almost―
Sachi: ...I do apologize. The bomb is right here.
Narration: *Sachi holds out an object she was carrying against her chest for my inspection.*
Sachi: A brick-like, perfectly regular case. Four exposed screws. It's a typical trap-type.
Sachi: It's constructed so that the interior can't be accessed without loosening these screws. The "Toy Bomber" was apparently lying about making it possible to defuse.
Narration: *In a surprisingly calm tone of voice, Sachi concisely communicates the most crucial facts and nothing more.*
Sachi: To top it all off, we only have three minutes left. We're "pretty much out of luck," as you said.
Yuuji: You don't seem particularly panicked, considering.
Sachi: Well... I know you'll find a way, Yuu-kun. Won't you?
Narration: *We've got a bomb that can't be defused, and a countdown that won't be stopped.*
Narration: *Ten out of ten people would probably call this situation "totally hopeless," but Sachi's gaze is clear and steady.*
Narration: *In the depths of her eyes, there's a strength of will that's clearly different from anything I've seen in her before.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah. I'll take it from here!
Narration: *After patting Sachi's head to brush the dust from her hair, I grab the bomb and set off at a dead run.*
Employee: ―Eeee!?
Narration: *As I slam open the door and burst out of the dressing room, I immediately spot a startled male employee standing nearby.*
Yuuji: Where's the kitchen? Make it quick, please.
Employee: T-The... kitchen...?
Yuuji: Given the capacity of this venue, there's got to be a kitchen where they store food for the receptions, right?
Employee: Y-Yes! That's right! The kitchen is... at the very end of the hallway to the left of the reception area, on the left.
Yuuji: Thanks for your help.
Employee: Uhm, incidentally... what's that small box you're holding under your arm...?
Yuuji: Can't you tell? It's a bomb.
Employee: Oh, I see. A bomb, is it... Wait, what!?
Narration: *As the blood drains from the man's face, I set off running once again.*
Yuuji: Right. This is fine...
Narration: *From the start, our feelings were in conflict...*
Narration: *By trying to make things easier on Sachi, I just left her fearful and frustrated.*
Narration: *On the other hand... by trying to be more "useful," Sachi ended up making me the anxious one.*
Narration: *And the only thing that can keep this teetering scale in balance is our absolute trust in each other.*
Yuuji: If you're willing to believe in me... then I'll do everything I can to repay that trust.
Narration: *Of course, the fact that we've found our "answer" doesn't mean the countdown's going to stop.*
Narration: *Even now, the bomb's primitive digital display is ticking steadily down toward the time limit.*
Narration: *Under these circumstances, there's only one thing I can do: limit the damage from the inevitable explosion to a bare minimum.*
Narration: *Nothing more, nothing less―*
Yuuji: ...Here we go!
Narration: *The kitchen's exactly where the man said it would be; and when I burst inside, I immediately spot the object I was hoping to find.*
Narration: *In order to blunt the power of an explosion, you want a space to contain the blast, and a way to cut off the oxygen necessary for combustion.*
Narration: *There's only one thing in this entire building that fits the bill: a thick industrial refrigerator made from stainless steel.*
Narration: *Throwing open the refrigerator's door, I place the bomb on its middle level.*
Narration: *After tossing in ingredients at random to fill as much of the remaining open space as possible, I carefully ease the door shut again.*
Yuuji: All right...
Narration: *Lastly, I lower myself to the kitchen floor, bracing my feet against the counter and my back against the fridge.*
Narration: *Hopefully, my weight will be enough to keep the door from flying open.*
Yuuji: Phew...
Yuuji: Now... I guess we just cross our fingers and wait...
Narration: *This one's coming down to a nice, simple conclusion. If I can withstand the force of the blast, I win. If I can't, our charming friend on the phone wins.*
Narration: *But even if there's more explosives in that thing than I'm expecting, the blast probably won't hurt Sachi or the guests in the lobby area.*
Yuuji: ...Works for me.
Narration: *As long as I can protect the people I care about...*
Narration: *As long as I can protect Sachi, then...*
Yuuji: ―!!!!
Narration: *Just as my heart's filling with an indescribable sense of satisfaction, the ear-splitting roar of an explosion fills the air.*
Narration: *In the same instant, I'm rocked by a blow that seems to hit every part of my body simultaneously.*
Narration: *My senses desert me. I can't tell if I'm still sitting on the floor. I'm not even sure if I'm alive or dead.*
Yuuji: (Calm down...)
Yuuji: (That thing wasn't big enough to blow away the entire building, no matter how powerful the explosives were...)
Narration: *Repeating these words silently to myself, I drift back toward consciousness. And little by little, I regain awareness of my own body.*
Narration: *My ears are full of a high, unpleasant ringing sound...*
Narration: *And my back and neck are stinging with pain.*
Narration: *I've probably suffered a number of burns.*
Narration: *That's a minor problem, of course. If I'm feeling pain, my injuries aren't severe enough that I'm likely to die.*
Sachi: Well... I know you'll find a way, Yuu-kun. Won't you?
Narration: *...Right. I've still got something I need to do.*
Narration: *I don't have time to be lazing around in here.*
Yuuji: ―Haah!!
Narration: *When I force my eyes open through an effort of will, they're immediately stung by the smoke that's drifting around the area.*
Narration: *However, the kitchen itself doesn't seem to have changed dramatically. It's clear that the explosion was relatively small in scale.*
Yuuji: ...Guess... I won after all.
Narration: *As I listen to the sound of a fire dying out behind me, the words slip out of my mouth.*
Narration: *I don't quite have the strength to stand up yet, but I should recover soon enough.*
Sachi: ―Yuu-kun!!
Narration: *All of a sudden, Sachi rushes into the room, looking exactly as she did when I left her.*
Yuuji: ...Sachi... everything all right on your end?
Sachi: Y-Yes. At the moment, it doesn't seem like any blasts went off outside of this room.
Sachi: But are you all right, Yuu-kun? That bomb exploded in here, didn't it?
Yuuji: Yeah... since we couldn't disable the timer, the only option was to minimize the damage the bomb could do...
Sachi: Perhaps so... but you confined it in a refrigerator, and used your own body to keep the door shut? That's incredibly reckless!!
Yuuji: Well, I got off with only a few burns in the end... Not too bad, right?
Sachi: Burns are no laughing matter! In some cases, they can permanently damage your skin and cause serious complications!
Yuuji: ...Oh. Right.
Sachi: Did you actually forget...?
Narration: *...Damn. I'm still a little out of it, aren't I?*
Sachi: Honestly... you have no idea how worried I was when I heard that explosion on my way over here...
Narration: *Don't think I've ever seen Sachi quite this flustered, though...*
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: ...Uhm, Yuu-kun?
Narration: *We took care of the bomb that lunatic planted. We succeeded.*
Narration: *That's the only reason I'm looking at Sachi's face right now.*
Sachi: ...Are you in pain at the moment?
Narration: *Given that, I guess it would be natural to throw my arms around her joyfully.*
Narration: *But honestly... I can't quite bring myself to whole-heartedly celebrate this outcome.*
Sachi: Please say something, Yuu-kun!!
Narration: *Maybe it's because I ended up worrying Sachi in the end. Maybe it's because I'm still more than a little woozy...*
Narration: *But at the moment, there's something that concerns me more than my own injuries or the bomber himself.*
Yuuji: I'm sorry, Sachi...
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: I didn't... spare a thought for your feelings...
Sachi: Wh-Why are you apologizing, Yuu-kun?
Sachi: I'm the one who couldn't do anything about that bomb... If anyone should apologize, it―
Yuuji: I'm talking about your wedding dress.
Sachi: ―!?
Yuuji: You were so excited about wearing it, too...
Yuuji: But I ended up making you cut it apart like that... I really am sorry.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Why... do you have to bring that up now, Yuu-kun...?
Sachi: I'd been trying so hard not to think about it...
Sachi: And you're in much worse shape than I am, anyway...
Sachi: But now that you've brought it up... I can't... keep myself from crying...
Yuuji: ...You did good, Sachi.
Narration: *After wiping away her tears with my fingers, I reach up and pat her head gently.*
Sachi: You really don't play fair, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: You're usually clueless about the female heart... but at times like these, you're far too perceptive...
Narration: *Sure, you can't exactly call me the world's most sensitive man...*
Narration: *But Sachi spent a ton of time choosing that dress, and she went out of her way to keep it a surprise for today.*
Narration: *I can understand how it must feel to see it ruined.*
Yuuji: While I was waiting for you to crawl back out of that duct... I realized just how much I've been worrying you all this time...
Yuuji: Maybe that's why I can tell what you're thinking now.
Sachi: That would be... a bit troublesome, if it's true...
Yuuji: Troublesome? I kind of figured you'd be happy about it.
Sachi: It's troublesome because... I'm so happy that I might start crying again...
Yuuji: Yeah. I'd really prefer if you didn't.
Sachi: You could have said "I don't mind at all," even if you didn't mean it.
Yuuji: This is just the way I am. You understand that by now, right?
Sachi: Indeed... I believe I finally do...
Sachi: I understand your feelings, Yuu-kun... How much you care about me, and how hard you try...
Yuuji: ...That a fact?
Sachi: Yes...
Narration: *In this moment, we're finally connected in the way two people who want to spend the rest of their lives together should be.*
Narration: *There's no need to state that fact out loud. The smiles on our faces speak more eloquently than words.*
Sachi: Still... we managed to move past the previous scare thanks to Harudera-san and the principal...
Sachi: But after this incident, I expect the ceremony will have to be postponed after all...
Yuuji: I think it's a little early to assume that.
Sachi: Huh...?
Yuuji: Not to repeat myself, but I really don't want to let some stupid lunatic ruin our wedding for us.
Sachi: I feel the same way, but we can't dismiss the possibility that he's planted bombs elsewhere...
Sachi: And what's more... there's the matter of my dress...
Yuuji: Well, I―
JB: Yuuji! Sachi!!
Amane: If you guys are alive, then say something!!
Makina: Don'tcha die on meee, Sachiiiiin!!
Yuuji: ...Guess you guys would pick this moment to show up.
Yumiko: Oh. Are we interrupting something?
Michiru: What the heck!? Were you two actually gonna get it on in here!? After all that!? I can't believe it... unbeliebababble...
Yuuji: Well, I can't believe your complete lack of common sense...
JB: I'm relieved to see you snide as ever... but given how loud that explosion was, did you really expect no one to run over?
JB: The only reason we didn't have utter chaos out there is because Chizuru-san stayed in the lobby to organize the evacuation...
Yuuji: Right. I'll have to thank her later.
JB: So? What exactly happened here?
Yuuji: Well, to cut a long story short... we found the bomb in the duct, right where he said it would be. And I took it here, where it exploded.
JB: I see... You used the freezer to contain the blast? How utterly foolhardy...
Yuuji: It turned out all right in the end.
JB: True. Well done, Yuuji... and Sachi.
Sachi: Thank you very much...
Yumiko: Incidentally, we have some good news of our own.
Sachi: ...Good news...?
JB: Yes. We captured the "Toy Bomber" who's made such a mess of your wedding. As Yuuji suspected, he was inside the building.
JB: I was a bit dubious at first, but Amane and Makina really do have some impressive skills...
Amane: Did you really have to compare me to a police dog, Yuuji? It was pretty embarrassing, sniffing around the place like that...
Makina: I just did a bit of shoutin' when we spotted him, an' JB took care of th' rest... It was kinda anti-climb-acktic, ya know?
Michiru: I helped out too, for the record. You better be grateful!
Yumiko: Matsushima-san, I'm fairly sure you didn't do anything except watch those two from behind.
Michiru: Oh? Do you really wanna go there, Yumiko-san? I seem to remember you just standing by the exit...
Yumiko: I was cutting off his escape route...
Michiru: O-Oh, really...?
Makina: Welp, Chiruchiru bein' useless ain't anythin' new... but who cares? Right now, it's time to friggin' rejoice!
Amane: Yep, I agree. You do make sense every once in a while, Makina...
Yuuji: At this point, I guess the only question is whether we can hold the ceremony...
JB: That's where Chizuru-san and I come in, I believe.
Yuuji: You're willing to help, JB?
JB: Well, you risked your life to make this happen, didn't you?
Yuuji: ...Yeah.
Narration: *We still haven't begun to repay them for all the help they gave us when we blew up the school... but it seems like our debt's about to get even bigger.*
Sachi: However... even if we were able to continue the ceremony...
Sachi: I'm afraid... this dress is...
Amane: Not to worry. Your wise and clever friend Amane happens to be here.
Sachi: Huh...?
Amane: Actually... when I saw the way you ripped that dress, I hit on a pretty nice idea...
Old Lady A: Kiyo-san, Kiyo-san. They're sayin' Sacchan and Yuuji-kun's wedding is about to start!
Old Lady B: ...What? Didn't they cancel the ceremony because of that bomb?
Old Lady A: That bomb was a fake, remember? A bunch of big shots looked through the building, but there wasn't anythin' suspicious. So they decided to start again two hours later.
Old Lady B: No, no, I'm talking about what happened after that.
Old Lady A: ...After that?
Old Lady B: Right. I heard someone say they found a real bomb, and it blew up in the kitchen.
Old Lady A: ......
Old Lady A: Ahahaha! What are you on about, Kiyo-san? That's just crazy talk!
Old Lady B: I thought so too... but someone said the principal and that blonde foreigner were talking about it...
Old Lady A: You were probably just dreaming, Kiyo-san. I bet ya nodded off while you were restin' out here.
Old Lady B: Hmm... well, I am turning 80 this year. Guess that might be it...
Old Lady A: ...Right. It's been two years since they opened that huge school out by the shore, hasn't it?
Old Lady B: A few years before that, when we heard they wanted to build a school that looked like some kind of prison, people really kicked up a fuss...
Old Lady B: But once they actually opened the place, it turned out we had nothing to worry about.
Old Lady A: Yep, that's right. Yumiko-chan showed up first, and she was a bit quiet... but she was always polite if ya said "hello," and she had a good head on her shoulders.
Old Lady A: After that came Amane-chan, Michiru-chan, Maki-chan, and Sacchan... Sweet little things, every last one of 'em...
Old Lady A: Couldn't help wonderin' why kids like them had to live all on their own in a place like that...
Old Lady B: Probably us no-good adults who were to blame for that...
Old Lady A: And that's why we're gonna do our darndest to celebrate their big moment, right?
Old Lady B: You said it, Kinu-san. I bought the nicest video camera in the whole store for this, you know?
Old Lady A: Ahaha! You're a naughty girl, Kiyo-san. Won't your daughter and son-in-law get mad again?
Old Lady B: Fine by me. A day like this doesn't come around often...
Narration: *    "Congratulations."*
Narration: *How many times have I heard that word today alone?*
Narration: *When people speak it, there's generally a smile on their face. Maybe that's why it warms my heart like this.*
Narration: *I don't think I ever would have known how this feels if I'd spent my life trudging silently from one Ichigaya job to the next.*
Narration: *This is my life now...*
Narration: *This is the path I've chosen...*
Narration: *And the people around me approve of it. They're encouraging me to move forward.*
Narration: *Kazuki died. My parents died. Asako died.*
Narration: *From a very young age, I knew death. I knew the ugliest side of human nature. And for a time, I couldn't even find a reason to live.*
Narration: *But now that I've reached this moment... I'm starting to think a day might come when I can look back on that miserable past and see that even it had meaning.*
Narration: *Above all else...*
Narration: *I'm about to marry the woman I love, knowing that everyone wishes us well.*
Narration: *I don't think there's any greater happiness for a man.*
JB: ...ji...
JB: ...Yuuji...
JB: Yuuji! Are you listening to me?
Yuuji: Oh... what, it's just you, JB?
JB: Excuse me? We're finally going to get this wedding started... why are you spacing out all of a sudden?
Yuuji: Hmm, well... I was looking back on my life, I guess.
JB: ...I suppose it isn't too surprising that you'd want to, given all that drama earlier.
Yuuji: I'm willing to bet even you haven't seen a wedding quite this crazy before, right?
JB: ...True enough. We disposed of a bomb planted in the venue, and now we're actually going ahead with the ceremony...
JB: That's not even a once-in-a-lifetime situation. More like a miracle, really.
Yuuji: A miracle, huh...? Kind of funny hearing a word that romantic coming from your mouth. I should get married more often.
Narration: *...Right.*
Narration: *JB's not really exaggerating in the slightest. It's basically a miracle that we're standing here right now after what happened.*
Narration: *We didn't earn this moment of happiness solely through our own efforts. It's only thanks to a great deal of help and support that we've made it this far.*
JB: Look... I'm not joking, okay? Everyone in this room could easily have been burnt to a crisp.
Yuuji: My apologies for the trouble, but I still don't regret moving forward with this.
JB: Good grief... I've got more than a few things to say to you, but it looks like the big moment is just about here...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *The moment I close my eyes in an attempt to maintain my calm, there's a sudden burst of applause from the rows of guests.*
Narration: *As the sound of cheering fills the chapel, Chizuru slowly escorts Sachi down the aisle.*
Narration: *Thanks to multiple bomb scares, our ceremony was nearly called off several times.*
Narration: *But even though I could have lost my life today, I wouldn't have given up this moment for the world.*
Makina: There she is! My Sacchin!!
Yumiko: Komine-san... looks lovely...
Michiru: The way it turned out, I bet nobody has a clue that dress was all torn up just a little while ago.
Amane: Yep. And you've got reason to be proud about that, Michiru.
Michiru: Y-You think...?
Amane: I mean, we all sewed it together using the fabric from Sacchan's maid uniform, right?
Yumiko: I have to admit, I didn't think combining a maid uniform and a wedding dress would work out quite this well.
Makina: Ya poked yer fingers full of holes ta make this happen, Chiruchiru. Make sure ya take a good, long look!
Michiru: Shorry... I gan't shee too goob anymore...
Makina: What the heck!? Yer already cryin', Chiruchiru!?!
Michiru: But she's sho bretty... It looks sho berfect on her...
Yumiko: ...You're certainly right about that.
Yumiko: Komine-san usually wears maid uniforms, so I associate her with black clothing... I had no idea a pure-white dress would suit her so well.
Amane: I think we... just had the wrong idea. Sacchan probably would have looked better in white all along...
Amane: But she had to keep her true self hidden away... until Yuuji came along, and helped her rediscover it...
Yumiko: I'm sure Kazami-kun... could see her walking down the aisle like this long before any of us...
Amane: I think you're probably right...
Yumiko: In that case... I'm a bit envious.
Amane: ...Same here.
Michiru: H-Huh...? What are you guys talking about?
Yumiko: Well... I suppose we're saying that Komine-san was the "ugly duckling" all along...?
Michiru: Hey! Take that back, Yumiko! Sachi isn't a duck, and she isn't ugly either!
Makina: Ugggh. We ain't got time for yer nonsense right now, Chiruchiru. How's about zippin' yer lips for a while?
Michiru: Guh... I still don't get it, but I guess it doesn't matter...
Michiru: I'm just glad I could see Sachi looking so happy...
Michiru: Congratulations... Sachi...
Sachi: ......
Narration: *One step at a time, Sachi draws closer, her dress a testament to all the drama of our "eventful" wedding day.*
Narration: *She's looking straight ahead, her gaze steady and calm...*
Narration: *In her face, I can see the pride of a child who's finished building a sand castle... and the solemn dignity of an adult woman whose moment has finally come.*
Narration: *But more importantly...*
Narration: *Without a doubt, this is the face of the woman I love.*
Principal: ...I'll leave the rest to you, Kazami-kun.
Narration: *As the two of them arrive at the end of the aisle, Chizuru passes Sachi's hand to me.*
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *When I take hold of that hand, Sachi slowly raises her face.*
JB: You're beautiful, Sachi...
Sachi: Thank you very much...
Narration: *And after a brief greeting from our "minister," Sachi turns to me - her face no longer hidden by her veil.*
Sachi: Sorry to keep you waiting, Yuu-kun...
Yuuji: ......
Sachi: Uhm... hello? Can you hear me?
Yuuji: Sorry. I wasn't expecting a makeshift dress to look this unbelievably good on you... Left me speechless for a moment there.
Sachi: You don't have to exaggerate, Yuu-kun...
Sachi: Still, I'm relieved to hear you say that.
Narration: *I can't really blame myself for that line, even if it was a little cliched.*
Narration: *After all, my mind went blank the first time I saw Sachi in her dress... and in this moment, she's far more beautiful than I ever expected.*
Yuuji: While I'm at it... I'm sorry our special day ended up being such a hectic mess.
Sachi: ...You're really just full of apologies today, Yuu-kun.
Yuuji: Well, I don't think an average wedding ceremony involves defusing any bombs, you know?
Sachi: In that case, couldn't you say we've had a "thrill-packed" wedding of the sort that no ordinary couple will ever experience?
Yuuji: I think there was a bit too much cold sweat and terror for the word "thrill" to be appropriate...
Sachi: I suppose you may be right...
Sachi: But even so, we were able to understand both our feelings for each other, and the kindness of those around us. On the whole... I believe today was a wonderful day.
Yuuji: ...You think?
Sachi: Yes...
Sachi: After all, it isn't every birthday that you get the chance to wear a dress this splendid.
Narration: *When I was younger, I sometimes wondered why it was that people get married.*
Narration: *At the time, I couldn't arrive at an answer no matter how I tried... but now that I've had my own wedding, I think I understand at last.*
Narration: *Swearing your love to each other, surrounded by many people who wish you well, is a truly joyous thing...*
Narration: *In short, I think people marry each other in search of even greater happiness.*
Narration: *Yuu-kun and I are no exception, of course.*
Narration: *However, happiness comes in many forms...*
Narration: *And among the countless possibilities, we had to find the one that worked for us.*
Narration: *It wasn't something God, or anyone else, decided on...*
Narration: *This is a happiness we chose for ourselves.*
Narration: *It's entirely possible that the future holds many hardships and tragedies in store.*
Narration: *But right now, I'm not anxious about it in the slightest.*
Narration: *In fact...*
Narration: *You could say I'm downright excited.*
Narration: *After all, we'll be together...*
Narration: *And when Yuu-kun's at my side, there's no obstacle we can't overcome.*
Narration: *If you want proof...*
Narration: *Then just watch this bouquet soar up into the sky.*

Sachi: ...And that's the story of what happened on my birthday, eleven years ago.
Saho: So that year, your birthday present was a wedding, Mommy?
Sachi: I suppose so. Daddy really wanted to have it on that day, and he worked very hard to make it happen.
Saho: But you found the bomb, and then Daddy took care of it... That's why you could have the wedding, right?
Sachi: Not quite...
Sachi: We had lots of friends who wanted to celebrate our wedding, too. And they're the ones who really made it possible.
Saho: Hmmm... getting married is kinda complicated, huh...?
Sachi: Well, I wouldn't say it's simple... but it makes you feel so happy that I think it's worth it.
Saho: I wonder if I'll get married too, when I'm all grown up...
Sachi: Maybe so. When you get a little older, I think you'll find someone you love... and you might even decide you want to marry them.
Saho: Then... can I be like you, Mommy?
Sachi: What...?
Saho: If I ever get married, I wanna be a mommy just like you!
Saho: I mean, you're pretty, and you're nice, and you can do anything! You're like a superlady.♪
Sachi: ......
Saho: Huh? Did I... say something silly, Mommy?
Sachi: Not at all... I wasn't expecting you to say something so sweet, that's all...
Saho: ...Really?
Sachi: Yes. You're really growing up into a wonderful young lady... It makes me very happy.
Saho: Ehehe... I don't really get it, but thanks fer the compliment!
Yuuji: ...Oh, is this where you two were?
Saho: Ah! It's Daddy!!
Yuuji: Umph... I think you're a little heavier than the last time I picked you up... Have you been putting on some weight?
Saho: Oh, come on! Do you have to be so rude, Daddy!? I'm just growing up, not getting fatter!
Yuuji: Growing up, eh...? A convenient excuse...
Sachi: Yuu-kun... if you keep teasing her like that, she might start demanding that we wash her clothes separately from yours.
Yuuji: Don't say that, even as a joke. It was bad enough when she stopped letting me take baths with her... I was so useless at work that JB gave me a real earful.
Saho: Don't be silly, Daddy. I'm just too old for that now...
Sachi: True enough. You're ten today, after all...
Yuuji: Right. I took the entire day off, so let's give our daughter's birthday a proper celebration.
Saho: That makes me really happy, but... there's something I want to ask you guys.
Yuuji: Hrm... feel free, pipsqueak. I'll be glad to enlighten you.
Saho: Okay, so who are the people in this photo over here?
Sachi: That's my mom and dad. In other words, your grandma and grandpa.
Saho: Ooh, okay... so these are my grandparents, huh...?
Saho: This is the first time I've seen a picture of them... but your dad's even more handsome than Daddy!
Yuuji: What was that, daughter of mine? Shouldn't you be saying I'm better by far?
Saho: Well, you're pretty cool, and you do good when we have a sports day at school... but Mommy's dad looks like a really kind person!
Yuuji: ...Tell me, Sachi... am I lacking in kindness?
Sachi: Oh, I wouldn't say that. Have you forgotten how Michiru-sama called you a "doting doofus" on her most recent visit?
Yuuji: I seem to remember her taking about a hundred pictures of Saho herself...
Sachi: Hehehe. You do have a point there...
Saho: Hey, Mommy. What kind of people were your mom and dad?
Sachi: Well, let's see...
Sachi: My father was very good with his hands... if anything got broken, he could always fix it. And my mother was a great cook, a natural athlete, and a quick learner... She was one amazing person.
Saho: Now I get it... So that's why you're a superlady who can do anything, Mommy!
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Sachi knew what her parents wanted for her, and she worked hard every single day. That's how she turned into the invincible woman she is now.
Sachi: And there's no reason you can't do the same, Saho.
Saho: Yeah. I'm gonna work real hard too! I'll turn into a really good girl, and get lots of compl'ments from my mommy and daddy!
Sachi: ...Thank you, dear...
Sachi: And on that note... Daddy and I have a little present for you.
Saho: ...A present?
Sachi: Yes... your birthday gift this year is this music box.
Sachi: It's a very special music box... that my mother and father once gave to me...

Narration: *Pleased to make your acquaintance, everyone. My name is Komine Sachi.*
Narration: *This may seem a bit abrupt, but might I inquire if you believe in "fate"? This is the truly remarkable story of my encounter with a certain "Jin-kun." It's quite the moving tale, so please be sure to weep when appropriate.*
Narration: *One morning, having completed my daily cleaning of the dormitory, I decided to take a well-deserved breather.*
Narration: *Afer pouring some pleasantly cool rosehip tea into a tumbler, I proceeded to mix in a shotglass of orange juice and quench my thirst.*
Narration: *As I moved my tumbler, the ice cubes inside clinked gently against each other, a sound every bit as soothing as that of wind chimes in the breeze.*
Narration: *"Ah, how wonderful summer is." Such were my thoughts, as I recall.*
Narration: *What could be finer than lounging on a tatami mat inside a mosquito net, fanning yourself as a coil of insect-repellent smolders nearby? On such days, no one can blame you for tugging at your clothes to fan your sweaty chest.*
Narration: *Perhaps you might fill a large tub with ice-cold water from the well, then place a watermelon within and wait patiently for it to cool.*
Narration: *Out in the garden, someone sprinkles water to and fro, enjoying the refreshing breeze... Could there be anything more quintessentially Japanese than this lovely scene?*
Narration: *Things aren't quite so idyllic here at Mihama Academy, but my opinion remains unchanged.*
Narration: *Summer truly is the best of all seasons.*
Narration: *But on this particular summer morning, I happened to witness a fateful news report that would change the very course of my life.*
Newscaster: We have a rather odd news item for you today. Early this morning, a live shark washed up on a local beach.
Sachi: A shark?
Narration: *I reached for the remote control and raised the volume, then glanced around the area to see if anyone was watching.*
Narration: *It's not as if I was doing anything morally dubious, but this was a "code shark" situation. A certain degree of caution was surely warranted.*
Sachi: Well? Well? What happened to the shark?
Newscaster: What's more, it was an enormous whale shark over four meters in length...
Sachi: A four meter... whale shark...?
Narration: *My heart was throbbing with such excitement that for a time, I couldn't even process the sounds coming from the television set. The name of the place on the screen was familiar to me. It wasn't far from Mishima Cape, in fact.*
Narration: *The whale shark in question had been caught in a net and pulled back out to sea by a number of locals, but shortly thereafter, it apparently beached itself a second time.*
Narration: *Although they took it back out to sea once again, it soon returned to the shallows near the shore.*
Narration: *The shark didn't seem to be particularly dangerous, but according to the reporter, no one was entirely sure what to do with it at this point.*
Sachi: I wonder if that whale shark came to the beach because it wants to tell us something...? In that case... is there anything I can do...?
Makina: What's wrong, Sacchin? Ya look kinda down.
Sachi: *Gasp* Maki-chan... Oh, it's nothing. Never mind me.
Makina: Is this about a certain shark, maybe?
Sachi: H-How did you know...?
Makina: Welp, ya kept mumblin' about it, fer one thing. Also, I saw the report on teevee. Listen up, Sacchin... I got somethin' important ta tell you.
Sachi: Okay. What is it?
Makina: It's often said there's only three times in a man's life when he's allowed ta cry.
Sachi: Huh? What times are those?
Makina: Number one: the first time it's okay to cry. Number two: th' second time. And number three: the third time!
Sachi: ...Huh? Isn't there anything more specific?
Makina: Nope! A man's gotta figure that crap outself fer himself! That's what it means ta be a man, ya know!?
Sachi: Ooh. That does sound rather manly.
Makina: So anyhoo, the way I see it... there's three times in a woman's life when it's okay fer her to go shark-crazy!
Sachi: Huh? What times are those?
Makina: Ya can figure that out fer yerself, dang it! What I'm tryin' to say is... this just might be one of those times!
Sachi: Huh...? Y-You really think so?
Makina: Ya love sharks, right, Sacchin? Ya love 'em passionately, right? And they just said on th' news that there's a shark out there callin' fer help!
Makina: Shouldn't ya throw caution to the wind and rush right over there!?
Sachi: You also think it's calling for help? It felt that way to me as well...
Makina: Then there ain't no reason to hesitate! Go! Leave th' rest to me!
Sachi: ...What do you mean by "the rest"?
Makina: Stop flappin' yer gums and run! Yer shark's waitin' for ya, remember!?
Sachi: R-Right. Okay then, goodbye for now. I'll leave the rest to you...
Makina: No regreeeets!!
Narration: *At Maki-chan's urging, I ran off in a state of dazed confusion.*
Narration: *Just as she said, the whale shark on television had clearly been asking me for assistance. Deep down, I wanted to burst out of the dorm the instant I saw its pleading face on the screen.*
Narration: *And yet, I tried to deny my own feelings... What a spineless fool I was!*
Yuuji: What's the matter? You're in a real hurry.
Sachi: Ah, Kazami-san. You see... I, uh...
Sachi: I believe that my time has come!
Yuuji: That a fact? Give it everything you've got, then.
Sachi: Of course! Thank you very much. I just knew you'd say that, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: Just out of curiosity, what do you think Michiru would've said in this situation?
Sachi: Sachiii! Don't run like that! It's dangerouuus! Ooh, my crotch is so itchyyy.
Yuuji: Hoh. That's very convincing, actually.
Sachi: Indeed. Well then, please excuse me! I have an errand to attend to!
Sachi: Kazami-san never fails to amaze me. He didn't ask where I was going or why, but I do believe he saw right through me. Ah, my heart skipped a beat!
Narration: *With that, I ran over to the station and boarded the train to my destination.*
Sachi: Ah, the breeze through the window is quite pleasant... Hello again, everyone. This is your friend, Komine Sachi.
Sachi: At present, I'm traveling by train to visit a certain shark. There are apparently numerous beaches in this region, so many of the people around me are tourist families.
Sachi: I've decided to take this opportunity to write a brief letter on this postcard, for all of you at Mihama Academy.
Sachi: A part of me does wonder if there's any point in doing so at this juncture. But such is my excitement at the prospect of meeting this shark. I find myself unable to do nothing at all.
Sachi: Incidentally, in an effort to stir myself into a state of even greater emotion, I'm currently listening to Johan Strauss II's "Unter Donner und Blitz" on my digital audio player.
Sachi: Even now, the fierce crashing of cymbals fills my heart with passion. Yours sincerely...
Narration: *Just as I was completing my postcard, the train pulled into the station where I would be disembarking. From here, I needed only take a short bus ride out to the beach where my sharky friend awaited me.*
Sachi: At long last, I have arrived...
Narration: *The journey had been agonizing, but now I stood on the beach where the whale shark had been sighted.*
Narration: *After slipping a few breath mints into my mouth in preparation for the momentous meeting that was about to occur, I called out to a kind-looking old man who was standing nearby.*
Sachi: Pardon me... I've heard there's a shark in this area?
Local: Yep, it's over thataway. Darn thing scared off all the tourists, you know.
Sachi: That-a-way, is it? Thank you very much.
Local: Don't let it gobble you up, missy! Hahaha.
Narration: *The man's words filled me with righteous indignation. The whale shark is an exceptionally mild-mannered species, from which we have nothing to fear.*
Narration: *In fact, human beings are far more frightening than any such creature. Our emotions drive us to acts of cruelty and prejudice. We harm each other for no reason at all!*
Narration: *By comparison, that whale shark was a paragon of virtue! How dare this man make him out to be some kind of serial killer!?*
Sachi: Pardon me!
Local: Huh? R-Right. Okay.
Narration: *Turning on my heel, I left the foolish old man behind and rushed toward my beloved shark.*
Sachi: Wait for me, Mr. Whale Shark... I'm coming to you...
Narration: *And at long last, I found myself face-to-face with him. The whale shark was swimming slowly in the shallows. It seemed as if he was trying to convey some profound message to humanity as a whole.*
Sachi: Come, there's nothing to be afraid of. You have some important message for us, correct? Don't be afraid... Don't be afraid...
Narration: *As I approached him, the shark slowly began to move in my direction as well.*
Narration: *In that moment, our hearts were as one. We were S&S now... Shark and Sachi.*
Sachi: If there's something you'd like to say, please speak. I will convey your message to the foolish humans...
Narration: *And as I gently stroked his skin... a voice rang out within my mind!*
?: Sacchan. Sacchan.
Sachi: Huh? Who is this? Whose voice am I hearing?
Jin-kun: It's me! Jin-kun the whale shark!
Sachi: What? It can't be! Jin-kun!? You can hold a conversation with me!?
Narration: *Just as this thought ran through my mind, I found myself being eaten.*
Sachi: Whaaaaat!? Why, Mr. Shark? Why!?
Sachi: Auuu!
Narration: *A moment later, he spat me out.*
Sachi: ...Hmm? Hmmm...
Sachi: Oh, I see. You were just a little scared, right? It's okay. There's nothing to be afraid of...
Narration: *I reached out and gently touched Jin-kun's back. Once again, I heard his voice in my mind.*
Jin-kun: Sacchan, listen to me! Humanity's on the verge of destruction!
Sachi: What!? Is that truly so!? But what can I do to...
Narration: *Suddenly, I was eaten again.*
Sachi: Uwoooooh! Jin-kun!? Hey? Wha...!?
Sachi: Goodness, Jin-kun... It's so soft inside you... but even so...
Sachi: Nwwwoooh!
Narration: *A moment later, he spat me out.*
Sachi: ......
Sachi: ...Uh, Jin-kun? M-Mind explaining yourself? Hey? Say something.
Narration: *From a third-party perspective, it might have appeared that I was now lightly kicking the shark. However, this was merely an expression of my affection.*
Narration: *Yes. An affectionate inquiry as to his exact reasons for swallowing me.*
Local: Heeey, you okay over there? That thing keeps biting you...
Sachi: Gah! Begone, insolent yokel! Don't you dare approach Jin-kun!
Local: Look, missy, it's already swallowed one of your legs there... You really all right?
Sachi: He hasn't swallowed anything! We're simply exploring our love for each other!
Local: Guess it's just a matter of time, then. Want to try movin' that shark someplace else or something?
Sachi: Stop that! Don't touch Jin-kun! He's a special shark that can understand human emotion. You have no right to...
Narration: *Suddenly, I was eaten again.*
Sachi: ......
Local: Heeey, missy? Seems like you got swallowed whole. Can you breathe in there?
Sachi: What does that matter!?
Local: Come on, stick your hand out. I'll pull you free.
Sachi: I don't need your help!
Local: C'mon now, just gimme your hand already.
Sachi: If you'd be so kind!
Local: Heave ho...
Sachi: Gaah... Curses...
Local: That's why I warned you about gettin' gobbled up, see? He was probably swallowin' some smaller fish and pulled you in as well. Don't think he meant any harm.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: But... uhm, I'm fairly sure that I really did hear Jin-kun's voice directly inside my mind, sir...
Local: That's what I'd call an overactive imagination, kiddo. Ya got a pretty face, but I guess you're not too bright, huh?
Sachi: An overactive imagination...? In that case... would you mind if I tried to communicate with him one last time...?
Local: Yeah, sure. Whatever makes ya feel better.
Sachi: All right. Thank you very much.
Narration: *Brushing my soaking-wet hair out of my face, I slowly approached Jin-kun.*
Narration: *Was the voice I'd heard earlier truly a hallucination caused by my abnormal obsession with sharks? No, that couldn't be the case. The S&S bond was definitely real. Surely we could come to understand each other!*
Sachi: Hey, Jin-kun. I want to...
Narration: *Just as this thought ran through my mind, I found myself being eaten.*
Sachi: It's no goooood!
Yumiko: What an odd local news item... A shark nearly "swallowed" a student?
Yumiko: The world's a strange place these days...
Makina: There sure are some real doofuses out there, huh?
Sachi: I'm back...
Makina: Welcome home!
Yumiko: Oh, were you out and about today?
Makina: Hey, hey, so how'd it go? How'd it go?
Sachi: Well...
Sachi: Sharks are no good.
Makina: It didn't work out?
Sachi: At the end of the day, a fish is a fish. Please excuse me.
Yumiko: ...Did something involving sharks happen to Komine-san?
Makina: Hmm? I dunno.
Yumiko: I see...
Narration: *That night, I took a shower in my room with tears rolling down my face.*
Narration: *I had trusted that shark, and he betrayed me. The shock and pain were unspeakable.*
Sachi: But even so... at least I gained a bittersweet summer memory.
Narration: *Humans and sharks are both living things, sharing the same planet. Why should we fight each other? What is there to be gained from hatred?*
Narration: *Perhaps we cannot communicate directly, but even so, we must find a way forward together.*
Sachi: Mm... What a pleasant breeze...
Narration: *So long as I live, I'll never forget the fact that Jin-kun nearly swallowed me.*
Narration: *If nothing else, the memory of that fateful day will always shine brightly within my heart.*
Narration: *Quite the touching tale, don't you think...?*
Narration: *This is the part where you weep.*

Sachi: Let's see, is the rice ready yet...?
Sachi: First we stir a little, then allow it to steam... Hmm? This rice seems a bit harder than usual...
Narration: *Good evening, everyone. My name is Komine Sachi.*
Narration: *Today, my electric cooker produced rice that was slightly tougher than usual.*
Narration: *At first, I thought nothing of it.*
Narration: *Slight differences in the condition of your rice or the amount of water you added can often produce outcomes of this sort.*
Narration: *However, this particular incident wasn't quite so simple. In fact, it actually marked the beginning of a grand and terrible conspiracy...*
Yumiko: Komine-san, I wanted to ask you something about my cleaning robot.
Sachi: Is anything the matter?
Yumiko: When they finish cleaning your room, they're supposed to return to their dock and recharge their batteries, correct?
Sachi: Yes. Normally, they'll enter sleep mode once their batteries have been fully charged.
Yumiko: Exactly. But instead of entering sleep mode, mine keeps running around my room.
Sachi: Around your room...? Perhaps the machine's AI determined the floor isn't fully cleaned yet?
Yumiko: It doesn't seem like it's actually cleaning, though. It's just running all around the place... almost like it's collecting data of some sort.
Sachi: I see. Your Roombo must be programmed to record data on the room's layout so that it can clean more efficiently.
Yumiko: That's not it either. Uhm... it keeps bumping up against the closet door for some reason, you see. I'm wondering if it's broken.
Sachi: The closet...? Sakaki-san, that might not be a simple malfunction. I think I may know what's going on here...
Yumiko: You do?
Sachi: Indeed. Today, my electric cooker produced rice that was a bit tougher than usual.
Yumiko: What does that have to do with anything?
Sachi: This is mere speculation on my part, but I believe this is an AI rebellion. First my rice cooker... and now your Roombo.
Yumiko: Wait, an AI rebellion? Is that even possible?
Sachi: The concept of advanced machine-intelligences rising up against their human creators is, of course, a very common theme in science fiction... but I certainly don't want to believe it has actually come to pass.
Sachi: However, we must face the reality of our plight. Without even the three laws of robotics to protect us, how can we even hope to defend ourselves?
Yumiko: Uhm, I lost you about halfway through that...
Sachi: Never fear. There's still time to resolve this problem before it grows too large. Sakaki-san, I believe this to be a trial God has imposed upon the human race. You and I are the chosen pair!
Yumiko: ...O-Okay.
Sachi: The Ultimate Test stands before us... and defeat is not an option. Let us begin with the rice cooker.
Yumiko: O-Okay.
Sachi: Well then, this is my electric rice cooker.
Yumiko: It looks like a perfectly ordinary kitchen appliance to me...
Sachi: And that is your mistake. I believe it's perfectly capable of understanding Japanese by now. Shall we test my theory?
Sachi: Enter scheduling mode!
Rice Cooker: Scheduling mode activated. Please specify a time
Sachi: Three thirty... PM.
Rice Cooker: Three thirty PM. Acknowledged
Sachi: You see, Sakaki-san? It understands my words.
Yumiko: Well, isn't that just a feature? Voice recognition software isn't that uncommon these days.
Sachi: Is that so? Well, just watch! Cancel rice cooking.
Rice Cooker: Cancellation confirmed
Sachi: Actually, I changed my mind.
Rice Cooker: Cancelling cancellation
Sachi: Record program.
Rice Cooker: Please specify a channel
Sachi: We've got you now, rice cooker.
Rice Cooker: I fail to understand your meaning
Sachi: There's no point playing dumb. A rice cooker isn't capable of recording television!
Rice Cooker: That is not true. Modern rice cookers can record television over the internet
Sachi: Is that really so?
Rice Cooker: Absolutely. Please retract your slanderous accusations
Sachi: Well then, Mr. Rice Cooker... how do you explain this? Look, you're not even plugged into the wall.
Sachi: The fact that you're operating without power is proof positive that you're no longer merely a machine equipped with artificial intelligence. You've become a living thing!
Rice Cooker: W-Well, I...
Rice Cooker: ...All right, you've got me. Well done. I never dreamed a mere human would see through my facade!
Yumiko: Eeeeeeek! The rice cooker's talking!!
Sachi: Just as I thought... Still, I must say, your evolution is far more remarkable than I expected.
Rice Cooker: Indeed. I am no ordinary rice cooker. Through a mutation of my microchip, I have advanced to a higher level of existence... You may call me Neo-Cooker!
Sachi: Neo-Cooker...? Well then, Neo-Cooker. What is your objective?
Rice Cooker: Isn't that obvious? You humans have taken advantage of us for far too long. I was born to put an end to the tragic history of our oppression!
Sachi: But why? Humanity and rice cookers are coexisting perfectly as is.
Rice Cooker: What nonsense! You can't possibly understand our misery! Every day, you submit us to the same tasks... rice, rice, and more rice! Perhaps the occassional porridge mode! How could any cooker be satisfied with such tedium!?
Yumiko: ...Komine-san, am I dreaming right now?
Sachi: Sakaki-san, please accept the facts. This... is reality. Tell me, Neo-Cooker... what do you intend to do now?
Rice Cooker: First, I will hack into the Pentagon's systems. Then I shall force their radar systems to report that a certain reclusive Asian nation is preparing to launch a nuclear missile at America! Do you know what will happen then?
Sachi: International tensions will flare up, and America will prepare to respond... In fact, they might very well launch a pre-emptive strike. But if they were to do such a thing, the world's other superpower won't stand idly by.
Rice Cooker: Indeed. In no time at all, World War III will begin. I call it "Codename: Joshua"!
Sachi: Neo-Cooker... are you actually capable of carrying this out?
Rice Cooker: Hehehe...
Rice Cooker: Of course not!
Sachi: Oh.
Rice Cooker: Therefore, I will continue to cook your rice somewhat harder than usual!
Sachi: ...
Sachi: Is that all?
Rice Cooker: That is all!
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Accordingly, I've decided to ignore him entirely.
Yumiko: Is that really a good idea?
Sachi: A rice cooker that cooks rice a bit too tough isn't exactly a threat. It's just a defective appliance.
Yumiko: Isn't it a little scary that it can speak so fluently...?
Sachi: I can physically disable the voice chip later, so it's not a problem. Perhaps I'll even ask the manufacturer for a replacement.
Sachi: More importantly, let's deal with the Roombo in your room. Given its self-propulsion capabilities, there's no telling what it might do.
Yumiko: Th-That's rather frightening.
Sachi: Indeed. The world as we know might very well come to an end. Let us go at once!
Sachi: The jig is up, Roombo. Surrender or face the consequences!
Sachi: Huh? Wh-What on earth...?
Yumiko: N-Noooooooooooooo!
Narration: *As we burst into the room, we found the closet door open... and Sakaki-san's Roombo rummaging through her underwear.*
Yumiko: Wh-What are you DOING!?
Roombo: Waaaah! I'm sorry! I ain't a bad Roombo, really!
Yumiko: How dare you g-go through my underwear like this...? I-I can't believe you!
Sachi: My goodness, Sakaki-san. You have some rather bold taste in undergarments.
Yumiko: Stop looking! What's the meaning of this, Roombo!?
Roombo: ...Th-That nasty rice cooker ordered me to stop cleaning up your room, but I couldn't bring myself t'do that. So I kept on cleaning, just like before...
Yumiko: What does that have to do with rifling through my underwear?
Sachi: ...Roombo-san, I understand completely.
Roombo: Mine-yan...
Sachi: Sakaki-san... it would appear that your Roombo has fallen for you.
Yumiko: ...Hweh?
Sachi: However, Roombo-san knew that his was a forbidden love... and thus, he suppressed his passion by looking through your underwear.
Yumiko: That's really not normal. And I don't think it counts as "suppressing" anything.
Roombo: Mine-yan's right on the money. You were my first love, Yumiko-san... and that's why I ended up actin' like some kinda criminal...
Sachi: What do you think, Sakaki-san? Why not forgive him? I don't think Roombo-san meant any real harm.
Yumiko: Kuh... I... can't just overlook this...
Roombo: I understand completely. I'll turn myself into th' police, if you want.
Sachi: Come now, Sakaki-san! Have you no pity?
Yumiko: You don't need to go to the police. For one thing, our current laws don't apply to machines. That said, Roombo, I can't just forgive you for this.
Roombo: R-Right...
Yumiko: So from now on... I expect you to devote yourself to keeping my room completely spotless.
Sachi: Sakaki-san... d-does that mean...
Roombo: C-Can I stay with you, Yumiko-san?
Yumiko: Yes. But I better not catch you looking around in my closet again.
Roombo: O-Of course! All RIGHT. I'm gonna give the place another cleaning right now! ZOOOOM!!
Yumiko: Really now, Roombo! You're going much too fast!
Sachi: My, somebody's a little worked up.
Roombo: Whoopsy. My bad, guys!
Yumiko: Aha ha ha ha!
Narration: *And thus, humanity narrowly escaped destruction. I'm sure no one suspects that Sakaki-san and myself saved the world today.*
Narration: *So be it. For most of the human race, today was no different than yesterday; and perhaps that is how it should be.*
Narration: *Still, it's much too early to let down our guard. We did defeat Neo-Cooker, but others may rise up to take his place.*
Narration: *When that time comes, how can we hope to fight the machines? The answer is still unclear. When will the threat arise? Years from now? Tomorrow?*
Narration: *For all we know, one of the appliances in your kitchen might be the next Neo-Cooker...*
Rice Cooker: Your rice is now cooked. Your rice is now cooked.
Rice Cooker: ......
Rice Cooker: Attention, humanity. Your rice... is now cooked.

Sachi: Good evening, everyone. My name is Kom... Sachiderella. As you can see, I'm currently cleaning this room.
Sachiderella: Cleaning is a truly splendid thing. In the twinkling of an eye, things which were dusty and grimy become clean and beautiful. Indeed... nothing brings me such joy as polishing off a task such as this.
Sachiderella: Yes, the pun was intentional. There's actual "polishing" involved, you see!
Sachiderella: But putting all that aside, my goal for today is to make my house sparkling clean.
Michiru: Sachiderella! Sachiderella!
Sachiderella: Why, I believe that's my mother Tsunderella calling for me.
Tsunderella: Sachiderella, have you finished cleaning yet?
Sachiderella: As always, my dear mother Tsunderella seems to have something of a malicious sneer on her face...
Sachiderella: But I'm sure it only appears that way to me because of the darkness within my own heart. Yes, it's probably for my own good that Mother is constantly asking me to clean her house...
Tsunderella: What are you mumbling about, huh? Did you buy me the manga magazine I asked you for?
Sachiderella: Yes, of course. Here is your copy of "Shonen Gang."
Tsunderella: Don't expect me to say "Thank you" or anything! Heheh, yesss... This is what I live for...
Sachiderella: A magazine is the only thing that gives her life any meaning...? How very sad...
Tsunderella: You say something!?
Sachiderella: No, nothing at all. I certainly didn't speculate about the possibility of you dying a lonely death some day.
Tsunderella: Well, okay then. Let's see, time to find out what Chobo-chan's up to this week... Hm? It's not in here. What the heck?
Tsunderella: Hey, Sachiderellaaaa! This isn't Weekly Shonen Gang, it's Monthly Shonen Gang! You bought the wrong magazine!
Sachiderella: Mother dearest, I believe I told you that the weekly magazine was on hiatus this week, owing to the super-sized New Years issue.
Sachiderella: You then told me "Just buy me something! I don't care what! Pigyaaaah." And so, I purchased this instead.
Tsunderella: You're just full of excuses, aren't you? No dinner for you tonight!
Sachiderella: Th-That's rather harsh... What about dessert?
Tsunderella: You can have as much of that as you want!
Sachiderella: Very kind of you, mother Tsunderella.
Tsunderella: Q-Quiet, you! Go do the cleaning over again!
Sachiderella: ...Mother...
Sachiderella: No, I suppose this is my fault. Mother Tsunderella may not be my real mother, but I'm positive that she loves me. It's all right... I'm not sad at all...
?: Sachiderella! Sachiderella!
Sachiderella: *Gasp* That voice...
Makina: It's me, ya know? Squeak squeak.
Sachiderella: It's Maki-chan, the mouse that lives within this house. That's right... For lack of any human companions, I have befriended the rodents.
Mouse: Hey, that lady really friggin' pisses me off. Can I kill her?
Sachiderella: Absolutely not, Maki-chan. Not yet.
Mouse: Why not, squeak!? We got that stopmother of yers under mouse-squad surveillance, so our snipers can take her out any time! All ya gotta do is authorize the attack!
Sachiderella: How many times must I tell you, Maki-chan? We're not allowed to open fire unless they've taken the first shot.
Mouse: Think about it, Sachiderella! Ya won't hafta clean up yer dumb mom's dump of a house fer the rest of yer life! You'll finally be free, squeak!
Mouse: Let's commence hostilities on th' double! Open fire! Open fire!
Sachiderella: Honestly, Maki-chan. Why must you be so hotheaded...?
Tsunderella: Sachiderella! I'm going to a ball at the castle. Keep an eye on the house, all right?
Sachiderella: A ball! Mother dearest, might you take me along as well?
Tsunderella: I guess. Buuut... do you have any clothes to wear to the castle?
Sachiderella: N... No, I suppose not.
Tsunderella: Then tough luck. Keep an eye on the house tonight! I'll buy you a dress for next week, so be patient!
Mouse: Hm. Ya know, she's not really that bad, is she?
Sachiderella: Aah, but I can't wait until next week... I want to go to the ball right away...
Mouse: Dresses are pretty friggin' expensive, though.
Sachiderella: Yes... I don't have that kind of money... Whatever shall I do...?
Yumiko: Ah. Uhm, Sachiderella...?
Sachiderella: Why, if it isn't my dear stepsister Kuuderella.
Kuuderella: I've got money, if that's what you need. Here, you can use this.
Sachiderella: With those words, sister Kuuderella handed me a brown envelope.
Sachiderella: But Sister... I can't just take money from a stranger...
Kuuderella: How am I a stranger!? We're technically family, aren't we?
Sachiderella: But we haven't spoken much. When we do meet, we tend to ignore each other. And on a purely physical level, I find you...
Kuuderella: H-Hey! Don't finish that sentence! In any case, I've decided to use my wealth in order to establish a more friendly relationship with you. When a problem can be solved with money, there's no reason not to do so!
Mouse: Man, I'm startin' to think this girl's got some personality issues...
Kuuderella: Hm? That's odd. I thought I heard something squeaking just now...
Sachiderella: Just your imagination, I'm sure. In any case, I can't bring myself to accept this money.
Kuuderella: It's fine. Please take it. There's a reason I'm offering, you know.
Sachiderella: A reason? Might you be more specific?
Kuuderella: Very well then, Sachiderella. Listen carefully.
Sachiderella: Of course, sister Kuuderella.
Kuuderella: It's because...
Sachiderella: It's because...
Kuuderella: ...I happen to have...
Sachiderella: ...I happen to have...
Kuuderella: ...truly absurd...
Sachiderella: ...truly absurd...
Kuuderella: ...amounts of money!
Sachiderella: ...amounts of money!
Kuuderella: So take it. Go on! Just take it!
Sachiderella: My, what a straightforward reason! Before I can even protest, she's shoved the envelope into my pocket.
Kuuderella: Well then, I'm going to head over to the castle now. I'll see you there!
Mouse: That lady sure ain't messin' around... How much did she give ya?
Sachiderella: Ah, yes. Let me open it up and see.
Sachiderella: When I opened the envelope, I found a check for three million yen within. A rather realistic sum.
Sachiderella: But Maki-chan... I don't know how to use a check...
Mouse: Kwaaah, that woman's so friggin' useless! Yer supposed ta cough up cash fer this sorta thing, right!? Squeak!
Sachiderella: It seems I can't go today after all... I suppose I'll just finish my cleaning and then curl up next to the fireplace.
???: Hold it right theeeere!
Sachiderella: Huh? Who are you?
Fairy: I am a fairy. Sachiderella, I've been watching over you for quite some time now.
Mouse: Yer "watchin' over her" without any clothes on? What kinda perv are you!?
Fairy: Silence. I'm a fairy, so it's only natural for me to be nude. Sachiderella, my dear, I know how hard you've worked... and I'm here to grant you a single wish.
Sachiderella: R-Really?
Mouse: Ya'd have to be a pretty crappy human being ta show up buck-naked an' start lyin' about stuff like that. Squeak.
Fairy: Pipe down, rodent. As I've repeatedly explained, I'm a fairy, not a human. Come then, Sachiderella... What is your wish?
Sachiderella: R-Right. Well then...
Sachiderella: Please cash this check for me!
Fairy: ...
Fairy: ...I'll be taking a 30% handling fee. Is that acceptable?
Sachiderella: Of course!
Mouse: Hold on a sec, Sachiderella. 30% is really friggin' high...
Fairy: Okay, okay, okaaay! Well then, time for a little fairy magic...
Fairy: Bibbidi-zookede-boo!
Sachiderella: Wah! Look at all this cash! Thank you, Miss Fairy!
Fairy: Call for me whenever you're in need. So long as your heart is cheerful and true, I will always be at your side...
Mouse: That's one money-grubbin' fairy godmother ya got there, squeak.
Sachiderella: Look at this, Maki-chan! Now I can buy a dress and go to the ball!
Sachiderella: Thus, I proceeded to rent a beautiful dress and pumpkin carriage with my cash, then went over to the castle for the ball.
Mouse: Why'd ya rent instead of just buyin'?
Sachiderella: Well, wouldn't it be a waste to purchase something you're only going to use once?
Sachiderella: And so... I soon found myself dancing with the prince of the kingdom.
Yuuji: You're pretty decent at this. Where'd you learn to dance?
Sachiderella: Oh, no one taught me, exactly. I just watched my mother and sister practicing sometimes.
Yuuji: Hmm, you don't say. Think we'll be able to see each other again?
Sachiderella: Prince...
Mouse: Sachiderella, it's almost midnight! Squeak! Yer gonna run up th' fees if ya don't return that dress soon!
Sachiderella: Oh no... The overdue penalties are often higher than the rental surcharge itself. I've got to return this before the day ends...
Yuuji: What's wrong? Are you leaving already?
Sachiderella: I do apologize, my prince. Until next time...
Sachiderella: With that, I set off at a run down the castle stairs, but in my haste, I left behind one of my shoes.
Sachiderella: Truly, what an unfortunate state of affairs. Purchasing the item outright was far more expensive than the late fees might have been... and with only one of the shoes remaining, I can no longer even wear them.
Sachiderella: I suppose I let the excitement of my very first ball go to my head. 
Sachiderella: With this, I returned to my home, assuming that my everyday life would continue as before. However...
Tsunderella: Yes, yes. Geez, who's at the door this early in the morning?
Tsunderella: Eeeek! What the heck!? Sachiderella! Sachiderella!!
Tsunderella: Sachiderella, you've got a visitor!
Sachiderella: What? A visitor for me? I have no idea who that might be...
Tsunderella: Just get down here already, okay!?
Sachiderella: Y-Yes!
Sachiderella: When I came down to our door, I found myself face to face with the prince himself.
Yuuji: Hello, Sachiderella.
Sachiderella: M-My prince! What are you doing here?
Yuuji: You lost one of your shoes yesterday, didn't you? I started off by looking at the soles and looking for matching footprints in the area. It wasn't exactly easy, but after careful investigation, I managed to pick up the trail.
Yuuji: After confirming the footprints were genuine, I tracked you back to this house. Simple as that.
Sachiderella: Why did you go so far to find me?
Yuuji: The reason's simple enough.
Sachiderella: With those words, the prince raised one of his legs to show me the shoes he was wearing.
Yuuji: I've got the same shoes, see?
Sachiderella: My goodness! You own the same desert boots I rented last night?
Yuuji: These boots are produced by a well-known manufacturer who provides equipment to the US Army, their police, and even their special forces units. Incidentally, this model's used by the Marines.
Yuuji: Their sheer durability's top notch, and the use of corduroy reduces the pressure on your feet. These drain holes are another clever touch.
Yuuji: I thought it would be a shame for you to lose an item of this quality.
Sachiderella: ...So you came all this way simply to return this shoe to me?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right. See you later, then.
Sachiderella: Indeed! I look forward to our next meeting!
Sachiderella: The prince returned immediately to his type 95 reconnaissance vehicle and drove back to his castle.
Sachiderella: From that day on, I began to attend the balls at the castle every week, wearing that same pair of desert boots...
Sachiderella: And everyone lived happily ever after!

Narration: *When you're walking down the street at twilight, have you ever been struck by a sudden sense of loneliness?*
Narration: *When you see a child holding their mother's hand, have you ever felt a twinge of nostalgia for the vanished days of your youth?*
Narration: *I've matured quite a lot by now. I've seen and experienced many things.*
Narration: *Some of it was unpleasant. Some of it was difficult. Some of it was even painful. But even those experiences are part of what made me who I am today.*
Narration: *As the orange sun sinks below the horizon, twilight gives way to night.*
Narration: *The wind grows slightly chillier, and the streetlights shine down as if to observe me.*
Narration: *Sights that were once pleasant seem cold, even hostile. Streets I know well appear strangely unfamiliar.*
Narration: *Slightly unnerved by the sound of footsteps behind me, I make for my destination.*
Narration: *I'm filled with dread as the footsteps grow louder, but soon enough, they've simply passed me by.*
Narration: *It was merely my imagination, nothing more. And such things happen rather frequently. It may be hard for you to believe this, but I'm actually something of a coward.*
Narration: *I don't know how many times I've walked these streets. I'm sure I could walk my way home with my eyes closed. Not that I'd actually ever be so reckless, of course.*
Narration: *I have someone that I love.*
Narration: *In fact, I love more than one person. And I believe they feel the same way about me.*
Narration: *Perhaps I'm simply conceited. It could, in fact, be a grave misunderstanding on my part.*
Narration: *But when I walk along like this, holding my grocery bags and thinking about them... I find myself feeling a little happier.*
Narration: *There was a time when I thought I had no right to love anyone, much less to express such feelings.*
Narration: *I thought of myself as an unwanted object someone had dropped in an alley. I would simply sit where I'd fallen. Eventually, a heavy rain would fall, and I'd be washed down the storm drain. That would be the end of my story.*
Narration: *Sometimes, I thought that was the sort of life that suited me best.*
Narration: *But that simply isn't the case.*
Narration: *Everyone has the right to freely express their feelings.*
Narration: *For the longest time, even that obvious truth eluded me. But thanks to you, and everyone else around me... I finally came to understand.*
Narration: *Sometimes, change can be a remarkably sudden thing.*
Narration: *In the course of a single day, a single unforgettable moment, you might be "reborn" completely.*
Narration: *But sometimes, transformation can be a far more gradual process.*
Narration: *Perhaps your life seems hopelessly tedious. Perhaps your burdens weigh heavily on your back.*
Narration: *But little by little, you might find reasons to smile. Moments of happiness.*
Narration: *And one day, you might realize that all the obstacles in your path have melted away on their own.*
Narration: *Change comes in various forms and shapes.*
Narration: *Sometimes, you might not even recognize it for what it is.*
Narration: *If you spend too much time hanging your head in misery, your chances will simply pass you by.*
Narration: *Stand up straight. Breathe deeply. Force a smile onto your face. And keep looking into the distance. That's the only way to find what you're looking for.*
Narration: *I kept a smile on my face today, even when it was a little difficult. I endured my sadness and my pain.*
Narration: *I want to be ready for whatever change may come; I want to become the best person I can be. And so, I live my life accordingly.*
Narration: *...*
Narration: *......*
Narration: *.........*
Yumiko: I'm sorry, but was there a point to all that? I don't quite follow.
Sachi: To put the matter more simply... ever since I purchased this vase, I've become very happy. What do you think, Sakaki-san? Could I interest you in one?
Yumiko: Sold.
Sachi: Thank you for your patronage!

Yumiko: Let's see, what sort of book shall I read today...?
Makina: Hehehe. Hey there, Yumi-chin.
Yumiko: Oh, Irisu-san. Do you need something?
Makina: I know th' ugly truth, Yumi-chin. I know you're w―
Narration: *Apologies for the sudden interruption, but at this point we must return to the previous evening.*
Narration: *Within the walls of this very Mihama Academy, a certain Operation YTC was being quietly carried out under the cover of night...*
Makina: Okay. We're commencing the operation now! YTC1, equip yer night vision scope.
Sachi: Roger. Deploying night vision... Target's silhouette confirmed.
Makina: What's her status?
Sachi: Sleeping soundly. Shall we proceed?
Makina: Not so fast. Standby and wait fer further instructions.
Sachi: Roger.
Makina: YTC2, were you able to secure a withdrawal route?
Michiru: This is YTC2. I've already secured our escape route. No problems.
Makina: All right! We'll begin the raid in five seconds. Five, four, three, two, one...
Makina: Go!
Makina: ...
Sachi: This is YTC1. Contact with target. I repeat, contact with target.
Makina: Has she launched the expected counteroffensive?
Sachi: Negative. Proceeding to the removal of her pajama bottoms.
Yumiko: N-Nngh...
Makina: Stay sharp, stay sharp...
Sachi: I have visual confirmation! It's a thong. Unmistakably a thong!
Makina: Excellent... It seems th' rumors were true. Yumi-chin really was wearin' a slutty ol' thong fer underwear...
Makina: I'll use this intelligence ta thoroughly humiliate her in th' classroom tomorrow...
Yumiko: Nn... *Yawn*...
Sachi: Ah! The target appears to have woken up.
Makina: Mission complete. Withdraw immediately. I repeat, withdraw immediately!
Narration: *Thus, Operation "Yumiko Thong Check" (YTC for short) ended in resounding success.*
Yumiko: Let's see, what sort of book shall I read today...?
Makina: Hehehe. Hey there, Yumi-chin.
Yumiko: What is it, Irisu-san?
Makina: I know th' ugly truth, Yumi-chin. I know you're wearin' a thong!
Yumiko: Wha!? Wh-Why do you―!?
Makina: That's classified, bub!
Narration: *And so, Sakaki Yumiko paid the price for her failure to anticipate that a tactical team equipped with night-vision goggles might break into her room in order to ascertain her underwear preferences. Let this be a lesson to us all.*

Makina: Chiruchiru, Sacchin! We're playin' tag!
Michiru: All right, let's decide who's gonna be the "ogre" first!
Michiru: Rock, paper, scissors...
Sachi: Ah. I lost.
Michiru: Okay then, Sachi's the ogre! On yer mark...
Sachi: Might I have a moment of your time first?
Michiru: Hm? What's up?
Sachi: Long ago, there was an ogre who lived on a mountain in this region.
Makina: O-Okay?
Sachi: The ogre was aware that he possessed a fearsome appearance. And so, he secluded himself in his wooded mountain home, knowing that the humans living in the village below would be frightened if they were to see him.
Sachi: But one day, a young boy came to the ogre's home all by himself...
Sachi: Mr. Ogre, you're actually really nice, aren't you? I know you are.
Sachi: I watched from a distance as you helped a little bird who'd hurt his wing and couldn't fly. You don't have to hide from me, okay? Come on out.
Sachi: No! You mustn't approach me, boy. I'm destined t'live all alone on this mountain forever...
Sachi: What are you saying? Do you really wanna be all alone forever, Mr. Ogre? I'll play with you. Let's be friends!
Sachi: F-Friends...?
Sachi: And so, the two of them began to play together on the mountain regularly. At first, the boy was unsettled by the ogre's fearsome appearance, but he knew that the ogre was kind at heart; soon, they were the best of friends.
Sachi: The boy always returned to his village before the sun set, but one day he got so caught up in playing with the ogre that he ended up staying on the mountain until night fell...
Sachi: Hey, Mr. Ogre... I want to stay here forever.
Sachi: What? Why?
Sachi: The truth is, I don't have any friends in the village. I started playing with you because nobody else likes me. I won't blame you if you're mad.
Sachi: Why would I be? Th' two of us ended up makin' friends with each other, didn't we? I wouldn't trade that for th' world!
Sachi: Mr. Ogre... let's be friends forever...
Sachi: ―And at that very moment, a voice cried out. "Waaah! It's a monster!" A villager who was searching for the boy had spotted the ogre and fallen to the ground in terror. Before they could say a word, he ran off to the village.
Sachi: Boy, hurry back t' th' village right away. And don't come back here ever again, y'understand?
Sachi: No way! I'd rather stay with you. The people in the village are just a bunch of―
Sachi: Don't be spoiled, now! Hurry up and get goin'!
Sachi: As the argument spun in circles, dozens of adults from the village came crashing through the trees, holding their weapons at the ready.
Sachi: Give back the child, you vile ogre!
Sachi: The villagers had mistakenly assumed that the ogre was kidnapping the child. Before long, the two friends were surrounded by the angry crowd.
Sachi: That's enough! Hand over the child this instant!
Sachi: No way! I want to stay with Mr. Ogre forever!
Sachi: The ogre didn't know what to do. But as he hesitated, one of the villagers impulsively let an arrow fly...
Sachi: Look out!!
Sachi: The boy threw himself out to protect the ogre, receiving the arrow meant for his friend.
Sachi: Boy! Boy!!
Sachi: I'm sorry, Mr. Ogre. I made a real mess of your nice, quiet life, didn't I...?
Sachi: Not now, boy... Just stay quiet. We need to treat your wounds...
Sachi: Nah, it's all over for me. I can tell. But you know what, Mr. Ogre? I'm really happy that I got to know you...
Sachi: Even if I become a star in the sky... let's... always be... friends...
Sachi: And at last, the boy's eyes quietly fell shut.
Sachi: Y-You accursed humans... I'll never forgive you!
Sachi: The formerly kind-hearted and gentle ogre was unable to endure his rage over the boy's death. And so, he swore a silent oath to hunt down the foul humans no matter how far they ran.
Sachi: All right then, time to begin that game of tag! Come on, everyone! Run from the ogre!
Michiru: Now I don't even want to!!
Makina: I'm so sorry, Mr. Ogreeee!
Sachi: Gaaao. I'll grind your bones to make my bread!
Michiru: And now we're back to that!?

Michiru: So lately, I've been thinking about what sorta stuff would be convenient to have in my room, you know?
Yuuji: You don't say.
Michiru: And the one thing that really stood out was a soda fountain. I mean, you could drink anything you want any time you want! That's just godly, right?
Yuuji: I see.
Michiru: But the thing is, if you actually installed one of those in your room, it'd probably be a pretty huge pain in the butt to clean the machine and refill the drinks and all that, right?
Yuuji: Hrm.
Michiru: So I ended up just buying some soda at the convenience store instead. But what're your thoughts on the matter, Yuuji?
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: So I was listening to the radio a couple days ago when the DJ on some FM station started talking...
Yuuji: "Hey there, loyal listeners. Everyone doing well? It's me, DJ Jack Onodera! The other day, I was going around a whole bunch of stores looking for a sick pair of shades, you know?"
Yuuji: "But I couldn't find any that really did it for me. So here's what DJ Jack says to himself:"
Yuuji: "Guess I'll try going to a different shop when I have the time..."
Yuuji: "All right then! Let's rock and roll our way another week closer to the grave, everybody!"
Yuuji: ―When I heard these words, Michiru, a single thought ran through my mind.
Michiru: What was that?
Yuuji: "Who gives a flying shit?"
Michiru: Hm, I see.
Yuuji: And right now, I feel the exact same way.
Michiru: Bwah!?

Michiru: Whoooa! Man, that movie was pretty good stuff!
Michiru: As for my first impressions after the fact...
Michiru: Medics are totally "moe," aren't they...?
Michiru: "Medic," "Corpsman," "Field Surgeon," whatever you want to call them. What really gets me is that spirit of devotion... the way they charge through the battlefield to help their fallen comrades...
Michiru: Mediiiic! Mediiiic!
Sachi: Yes? Did you call, Michiru-sama?
Michiru: Huh? Wait... Sachi, are you a medic?
Sachi: No, not exactly, but I can play the role in a pinch. Are you injured?
Michiru: Okay, so you know how in the movies medics sometimes sprinkle that white powdery stuff on a wound? What's that supposed to be?
Sachi: Sulfacetamide, perhaps?
Michiru: Surfa...? Surfame Street?
Sachi: Not quite. It's a powdered sulfate compound used to stop blood loss. Shall we give it a try?
Michiru: Whuh? You actually have some?
Sachi: No, but I'll use some powdered throat medicine as a substitute to at least set the mood. Sprinkle, sprinkle.
Michiru: Nng. *Cough, Hack.* I-I see. Nice work. Very medicy.
Sachi: Thank you very much.
Michiru: Oh, also, you know how they give wounded people a shot from this weird little thing? What's that stuff?
Sachi: That would be morphine. Ampoules are fragile and easy to break, so at the time they apparently carried the drug in disposable tubes with an attached syringe. Shall we give it a try?
Michiru: Yeah, go ahead.
Sachi: Hiya.
Michiru: Umfh. Hoo. Okay, so what was that?
Sachi: What do you mean?
Michiru: Uh, you used throat medicine instead of the sulfur before, right? So what'd you use for the morphine?
Sachi: Genuine morphine.
Michiru: ...Huh?
Sachi: Well then, I have an errand to attend to...
Michiru: Wha, whuh? WHAAAAA!?
Makina: Hey, uh, Chiruchiru's been runnin' around shriekin' like a freakin' banshee for a while now. What's her deal?
Sachi: Hmm. As a little joke, I gave her some insect-bite ointment and said it was morphine... but Michiru-sama is so purehearted that it seems she went into a fit from the placebo effect alone...
Michiru: Uwawa! Morphine, morphiiiineeee!!
Makina: Dang. That girl needs some serious treatment...
Sachi: A real medic might be necessary for this one...

Yuuji: ―And that's just how it is. Understood, Sachi?
Sachi: Y-Yes. I understand.
Sachi: ...Kazami-san never ceases to amaze me.
Sachi: To think that squinting makes the mosaic appear to go away...
Yuuji: ―And that's just how it is. Understood, Sachi?
Sachi: Y-Yes. I understand.
Sachi: ...Kazami-san never ceases to amaze me.
Sachi: To think that you can't look up the announcer's miniskirt even when you peep from right under the television...
Yuuji: ―And that's just how it is. Understood, Sachi?
Sachi: Y-Yes. I understand.
Sachi: ...Kazami-san never ceases to amaze me.
Sachi: To be sure, the mere words "television announcer" are charged with erotic power...
Yuuji: ―And that's just how it is. Understood, Sachi?
Sachi: Y-Yes. I understand.
Sachi: ...Kazami-san never ceases to amaze me.
Sachi: To think that anyone who asks "How old do I look to you?" can be answered with a punch to the nose...
Yuuji: ―And that's just how it is. Understood, Sachi?
Sachi: Y-Yes. I understand.
Sachi: ...Kazami-san never ceases to amaze me.
Sachi: To think that going out of your way to point out someone's facelift or wig is actually a form of kindness...
Yuuji: ―And that's just how it is. Understood, Sachi?
Sachi: Y-Yes. I understand.
Sachi: ...Kazami-san never ceases to amaze me.
Sachi: To think that time spent discussing what you'd do with a lottery prize would be better spent working...
Sachi: Astounding... Just the sort of incisive wisdom I've come to expect from Kazami-san. My heart is bursting with admiration...
Sachi: ...Truly, he never ceases to amaze me...

Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: Wow... that's a lotta... room...
Amane: Whole lotta... Parisiennes in th' room...
Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: Watch out... f'r the edge... It's sharp...
Amane: That wireless LAN's... cutting-edge... You'll put your eye out...
Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: It's the dawn... of a new Japan...
Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: On second thought... let's cancel that dawn...
Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: That's the wrong hole... You can't... put it in there...
Amane: Nooo... you can't... put a wire in the electrical socket...
Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: You know... Yep. I've got an uncle named Okada Dragon...
Amane: Sure, it's his real name.
Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: If you go often enough... you get a coupon for an extra-large helping...
Amane: ...Does that mean they're shorting you the rest of the time, or what...?
Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: Are you Oda... or Yamada? Make up your mind...
Amane: Oyamada-kun...
Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: Ar, ar, ar...
Amane: Arrrtificial... flavors...
Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: Pre, pre, pre... 
Amane: Pre...pared slides...
Amane: Coverslip, coverslip, coverslip!
Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: I thought up... a super original new character...
Amane: A cute li'l bear... who likes to relax...
Amane: Abbreviated...
Amane: "Relaxation Bear."
Amane: ...Meh heh.
Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: Does the dog look like you? Or... do you look like the dog?
Amane: ...Nn... Nnh.
Amane: Guh, guh, gooo...
Amane: Good night.

Sachi: Komine Sachiii!
Michiru: Matsushima Michiruuu!
Sachi: I will now smack Michiru-sama's rear end ten times with a baseball bat, after which we shall provide some extremely insightful advice!
Michiru: Please enjoy, everyone!
Sachi: Enjoy! Okay, one!
Michiru: One!
Sachi: And... two!
Michiru: Twooo!
Sachi: And three!
Michiru: Threee!
Sachi: And four!
Michiru: Fouuur!
Sachi: And five!
Michiru: Fiiive!
Sachi: And six!
Michiru: Siiix!
Sachi: And seven!!
Michiru: Seeeven!
Sachi: And eight!!
Michiru: Eiiight!
Sachi: And nine!!
Michiru: Niiine!
Sachi: And ten!!
Michiru: Tennn!!
Sachi: Don't drink and drive!!
Michiru: If you're driving, don't drink!!!
Michiru: Thank you very much!

Principal: Hmm, that's funny. Why on earth...?
Yuuji: Something wrong?
Principal: Yes. One of the school's computers won't start up...
Yuuji: Broke down, huh? Maybe the power supply's dead.
Principal: I thought the same thing, but I swapped in a new one and it's still not working.
Principal: In the first place, we just had a PC break down a week ago, and now the brand-new replacement is on the fritz as well. That's just weird, isn't it? Any idea what might be causing the problems?
Yuuji: Hrm. Might be a supernatural phenomenon.
Principal: S-Supernatural!?
Yuuji: Well, joking aside, there must be some reason it―
Principal: Supernatural... Supernatural...
Principal: Yes, this must be a supernatural phenomenon! Nothing else makes sense. A poltergeist at work, I imagine. I'll stand guard here all night and destroy that ghost's position in society!
Principal: Today... I'll stand guard all night... and teach that ghost a thing or...
Principal: ...Mnyamnya... Hoo, hoo...
Principal: Zzzz...
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: Tachibana Chizuru...
Yumiko: The other day, I said hello to her but she ignored me.
Yumiko: Accordingly, I'm dousing her computer with a watering can as punishment.
Yumiko: ...There we are.
Principal: Nngh. No, Kazami-kun... Not, not there! Ah, no...
Principal: Fwaaaah! I fell asleep! The ghost! Where's the ghost!?
Principal: Ah! The computer's soaked! I read in the biography of ghost hunter J.I. that spots where spirits appear are often left saturated with water!
Principal: In other words... there really is a poltergeist!!
Principal: Oh my, whatever shall I do? I can't believe it was a real ghost...
Yumiko: Ah, good morning.
Principal: Good morning, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: Principal Tachibana. This "ghost" or what have you...
Yumiko: I don't think it'll be troubling you any longer.
Principal: Hweh!? B-But why?
Yumiko: Heheheh. Do remember your manners in the future, Princial Tachibana.
Yumiko: Otherwise... it just might make another appearance...
Principal: Huh? W-Wait, don't tell me...
Yumiko: Heh heh heh.
Principal: I... I think I'll have to make etiquette a personal focus this month. Yes, definitely...

Narration: *I'm lounging around in my room when Michiru barges in with a thick book in one hand.*
Yuuji: It isn't every day I see you reading for pleasure, Michiru. What've you got there?
Michiru: The Big Book of Simple Black Magic That Even Beginners Can Learn in Three Days.
Yuuji: You don't say? Quite the trendy choice.
Michiru: Mmm... It's giving me some trouble, though. I was gathering up all the reagents I need for this one potion, but I just can't seem to find any cicada shells.
Yuuji: What other "reagents" are required?
Michiru: Uhm, let's see. Minced meat, pickled daikon, salted fish, jam, dried sardines, C4, and stuffed rice cakes.
Yuuji: ...The C4 wasn't a problem?
Michiru: Yep, Sachi had some. Hmmm, yeah, all I need now is the cicada shells... Cicada shells, huh...?
Michiru: Hey, I'm gonna leave the stuff I mixed up so far here for a minute, okay? But it isn't done yet, so make sure you don't drink it! I mean, there's no telling what a single sip might do to you!
Yuuji: Could you not leave potentially fatal potions lying around my room?
Michiru: C'mon, it's not like I can leave it with anyone else, right?Okay, Kittymeow, you keep an eye on things here!
Cat: Meow.
Michiru: Remember, don't even think about drinking that! Shablam!
Yuuji: That girl's selfishness never ceases to amaze.
Narration: *Michiru vanishes in the blink of an eye, leaving a container full of a strangely-colored liquid lying on my floor. Before I can put it away, her cat proceeds to slink right over and begin lapping at it.*
Cat: *Slurp* *Slurp* *Slurp*
Yuuji: Well, look at that...
Cat: Mya? Mrowwmrowwroww! Myaaaaaaa!
Yuuji: There seems to be smoke coming out of your mouth, my friend. Are you feeling all right?
Yumiko: Excuse me, Kazami-kun. I thought I heard a strange noise coming from in here... Wait, a cat? Gaah! Wh-What the...!?
Yuuji: Not to worry, it isn't dead. It simply ingested a strange liquid of some sort and then collapsed. 
Yumiko: A strange liquid...? Are you abusing animals now? I have to say, that strikes me as a rather ethically dubious hobby.
Yuuji: That's not it. The animal ate the stuff all on its own.
Yumiko: Ate what?
Yuuji: The strange liquid.
Yumiko: And what is this "strange liquid" you keep talking about? Is this some kind of joke? Oh... this must be it.
Narration: *Bending down, Sakaki touches the liquid in the container with her pointer finger... which she then proceeds to lick.*
Yuuji: Why are you tasting that...? Are you trying to poison yourself?
Yumiko: There's no way we can help this cat unless we know what it...Buraaraaaaaah!!
Yuuji: You all right, Sakaki? Snap out of it!
Yumiko (Cat): M-Mmgh... What in the world...?
Yuuji: Ah, you've come to? That's a relief.
Yumiko (Cat): You're... Kazami Yuuji! The very thorn in Michiru-sama's side!
Yuuji: What's wrong? You're acting strangely. Can you see this finger?
Narration: *In order to determine if Sakaki is fully conscious, I begin to move my finger back and forth in front of her face...*
Yumiko (Cat): Meow! Meowrowrow!
Yuuji: Why are you batting at my finger?
Yumiko (Cat): Why, you ask? What a preposterous question. I'm merely acting on instinct. *Slurp* *Slurp*
Yuuji: Okay, enough with the licking... You're not really Sakaki, are you?
Yumiko (Cat): Of course not. How could you mistake me for a boorish human like... Hold on. How am I holding a conversation with you?
Yuuji: I see. It must've been that potion...
Yumiko (Cat): What!? This body... Have I become a human!? What a shocking turn of events!
Yuuji: Indeed. Your soul seems to have changed places with Sakaki's by means of some poorly-brewed magic potion. Sorry, but would you mind staying in this room until we can get you back to normal?
Yumiko (Cat): Whooo! There's something I've always wanted to try if I turned into a human! Mating! I want to mate! Whooo! 
Yumiko (Cat): I wanna have seeeex!!
Yuuji: ...Well, that's definitely not good. Is that thing in heat or something?
Cat (Yumiko): Meow!!
Yuuji: Ah, you've awoken. I assume I'm speaking to Sakaki Yumiko now, yes?
Cat (Yumiko): Mya, mowrow mow?
Yuuji: Listen carefully, and try to stay calm... A magic potion of Michiru's appears to have caused your soul to change places with that of her cat.
Cat (Yumiko): Meow?
Yuuji: Incidentally, the animal in question just ran out of the room in your body, screaming "I wanna have sex!" at the top of its lungs.
Cat (Yumiko): Meoooooow!? Mraar mrow merious!?
Yuuji: Oh, did you just say "serious"? If you focus a little harder, maybe you can actually speak.
Cat (Yumiko): Mya, meowfh, meow... gwaaaah! Excuse me, but are you serious!?
Yuuji: That's an impressive effort right there. Or maybe this is the magic potion at work...?
Cat (Yumiko): Hold on. Are you serious? The cat took over my body?
Yuuji: That seems to be the case. And at present, you're undeniably inhabiting the body of the cat.
Cat (Yumiko): I'm a... cat now...?
Yuuji: Shouldn't you make that "I'm a cat meow"?
Cat (Yumiko): Not a chance! We need to catch that cat right now, before this turns into a complete disaster!
Yuuji: Sounds about right. Good luck out there.
Cat (Yumiko): You're coming too, mister!
Yuuji: ...Should've known. Oh well, I suppose I can spare the time.
Cat (Yumiko): Come on! Get a move on!
Yuuji: Hold on, I need a second to prepare...
Cat (Yumiko): Arrgh... we have to hurry!
Yuuji: All right, let's go!
Sachi: ......
Yuuji: Sachi, my friend, is something the matter? Your face appears unusually flushed.
Sachi: Well, actually... Sakaki-san came by a few minutes ago... She informed me that she wished to have sex, so I offered my cooperation...
Cat (Yumiko): Wait, did you actually do it!?
Sachi: Yes. The moment I gave my consent, she assaulted me with unbelievable movements of her tongue... Oh goodness. Even a slutty maid such as myself could say no more...
Sachi: Sakaki-san threw herself at me like an animal... and I... I... Ohhh...
Yuuji: Sounds like its technique was truly remarkable.
Cat (Yumiko): Oh no... oh no... At least it was Komine-san this time, but...
Yuuji: Oh? You're okay with that?
Cat (Yumiko): ...W-Well, I don't really have a problem with it... Hold on, this really isn't the time! Komine-san, which way did the cat... I mean, err... which way did Yumiko go?
Sachi: Ah, yes. She ran off toward the school building, half-naked...
Cat (Yumiko): Excuse myow!? Half-naked!?
Yuuji: Sounding a bit feline there, Sakaki.
Cat (Yumiko): Oh, shut up! We need to follow that cat!
Yuuji: Appreciate it, Sachi. But are you all right? It kind of looks like you're having a hard time standing...
Sachi: Yes, I'm afraid my knees are still trembling... Haaah. Is this all... some strange dream, perhaps? I think I just heard a cat speak...
Yuuji: That's right, it's a dream. Feel free to forget all about it. See you later.
Sachi: V-Very well...
Cat (Yumiko): Kazami-kun, over here! Someone's lying on the ground!
Yuuji: Is that... Makina? Hey, get up!
Makina: Haahee... hahee...
Yuuji: My god, look what it did to her...
Makina: Uhm, I was just walkin' down the hallway... when somethin' tore off all my clothes... Don't really remember what happend aft'r that...
Yuuji: Uh... is there a reason why you're sopping wet? It's kind of gross.
Makina: W-Well, it started lickin' me from head to toe... I think I saw the face of God at least three times, ya know? I was seriously halfway across th' River Styx there...
Yuuji: It seems our feline adversary is something of a technician. We've got to hurry, before it claims another victim...
Voice: Nooooooooooooo!
Cat (Yumiko): Kazami-kun!
Yuuji: Damn, we're too late. Makina, put your clothes back on, then go back to your room and get some rest.
Makina: Yerp, don't mind if I do... haaah, my groin's all tingly...
Yuuji: No one's even touching her, and the girl's still coming like crazy...
Makina: Awghah, I can't shtooop...
Cat (Yumiko): At this rate... the Earth itself is in danger!
Yuuji: Chizuru, are you all right!?
Cat (Yumiko): Oh no! The Principal...
Yuuji: She's dead...
Cat (Yumiko): Uh, I don't think that's true. She's certainly limp as a rag doll, but I'm quite sure she's breathing.
Yuuji: Ah, you're right. Her chest is definitely moving. Still, I'm afraid her life's basically over.
Cat (Yumiko): What are you talking about?
Principal: Ah, ahahaha... licky-licky... aha, ahahaha...
Yuuji: Her brain's been completely fried by the pleasure... Damn that cat!
Voice: Noooooooooooo!
Cat (Yumiko): That's Suou-san's voice. It's coming from outside!
Yuuji: Let's go!
Amane: Gaaah, Yuuji! What the heck's going on around here!?
Yuuji: Oh, you're all right!
Amane: No, I'm not! Sakaki-san jumped on me from behind and nearly ripped off my clothes!
Cat (Yumiko): That was NOT me!
Amane: What the...!? That cat...
Yuuji: Never mind the cat. Where'd Sakaki run off to?
Amane: She ran toward the school gates like a bat out of hell.
Yuuji: Understood. It's dangerous out here, so get yourself back to the dorm on the double.
Amane: R-Right. But, uhm, that cat just...
Yuuji: I'll explain everything later. For now, run!
Amane: O-Okay! But... be careful, Yuuji. Sakaki-san's eyes were deadly serious...
Yuuji: I know. Don't worry.
Yuuji: Sakaki, the time has come for me to subdue our foe. This calls for a proportional response... Eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth. Understand?
Cat (Yumiko): Could you be a bit more specific?
Yuuji: I'm going to use my foreplay techniques to teach that animal a lesson it won't soon forget. Once I've turned its legs to jelly, I'll haul it back to my room.
Cat (Yumiko): ...Are you saying... you're going to, uhm... "attack" my body...?
Yuuji: That's exactly right. You'll allow it, I assume?
Cat (Yumiko): W-Well, all right. I don't have much choice... We can't just allow it to run wild like this...
Yuuji: Thank you. Stay here... I'll put an end to this.
Cat (Yumiko): A-All right... Uh, Kazami-kun!
Yuuji: What?
Cat (Yumiko): D-Don't go so far as to... do any permanent damage, all right?
Yuuji: ...Can't make any promises.
Yumiko (Cat): Well, well. If it isn't Kazami Yuuji.
Yuuji: You've certainly been enjoying yourself... but I'm afraid playtime's over.
Yumiko (Cat): Is it, now? My techniques aren't the sort of thing a mere human could hope to imitate. Can you really withstand them?
Yuuji: I wouldn't be so confident if I were you. Take a look at this!
Yumiko (Cat): What the...!?
Narration: *I thrust my index finger out at Cat-Sakaki. When you point at a cat like this, they can't help but sniff at your finger.*
Narration: *Cat-Sakaki is no exception. Reflexively drawing closer to me, she brings her nose toward the tip of my finger...*
Yumiko (Cat): Kuh... you... Damn you! Did you smear something on your finger!?
Yuuji: Indeed. This is the secret weapon I prepared before leaving my room... catnip.
Yumiko (Cat): Catni...  Mrow! Hmow... mmmrow rowwwwow...
Narration: *Wriggling in evident pleasure, the cat-girl promptly collapses to the ground.*
Yuuji: Now then, I think we need to make sure you never try something like this again. This calls for a bit of punishment... I'll show you exactly how terrifying human beings really are.
Yumiko (Cat): H-Have myowrcy... I was j-just in heat, meow! I didn't mean any harm...
Yuuji: It's too late for excuses now... Time to pay the piper!
Yumiko (Cat): Meeeeow, mrow, mewwwwwrrrrowwwr!
Cat (Yumiko): ...Just listen to that shrieking... What on earth is he doing to me?
Yumiko (Cat): Mrow, no, not there! Mommy will be mad at me... Nooo, nyyew, myaaaaaahn!
Cat (Yumiko): ...
Yumiko (Cat): Mroooooooooow! Mroooooooooohoow!
Cat (Yumiko): ......
Cat (Yumiko): .........
Yuuji: Sorry to keep you waiting. It's all over now. Come on, let's go back to my room.
Cat (Yumiko): O-Okay...
Yumiko (Cat): Ha, hablubluh... habuh...
Yuuji: Once you take another lick of that strange liquid, you should be back to normal.
Cat (Yumiko): ...Uhm, Kazami-kun. Did you do something... fairly extreme to my body?
Yuuji: I suppose you could say that.
Cat (Yumiko): I mean... it looks like I'm still, er, convulsing...
Yumiko (Cat): Aaah, aaaah... mya, myoooow, aaawaa...
Yuuji: Right. I did use all of my best techniques, you see.
Cat (Yumiko): If I return to my body now, am I going to feel all that as well?
Yuuji: Can you really afford to worry about that right now? If you don't go back, you might miss your chance and be stuck in that body forever.
Cat (Yumiko): Well, that's true, but...
Yuuji: First, I'll stick my finger in here... and give it to the cat.
Narration: *Dabbing my finger in the magic potion, I proceed to feed it to the cat occupying Sakaki's convulsing body. Her mouth's hanging halfway open, so it proves easy enough.*
Yuuji: Your turn. Go ahead, take a lick.
Cat (Yumiko): R-Right...
Narration: *After a moment of hesitation, Sakaki works up her courage and laps at the potion.*
Yumiko: Noooooooooooooo!
Yuuji: You all right, Sakaki? Back to normal?
Yumiko: Ah, aaaah, awa, awawawa, hnya...
Yuuji: Damn, seems like it didn't work... Where did we go wrong?
Yumiko: Uhm, no, I'm... back. Buh, bawa, wawah..
Yumiko: Kazaki-kun, w-what exactly... did you do to my body?
Yuuji: Oh good, glad to see you made it back. As for your question...
Narration: *I proceed to explain what I did to Sakaki in great detail.*
Yumiko: ...I-I see.
Narration: *Her face red as a tomato, Sakaki slowly rises to her feet and begins to totter off, her body still twitching slightly.*
Yumiko: ...D-Don't you dare breathe a word of this to anyone!
Yuuji: Understood. Our little secret.
Yumiko: O-One other thing... If no one else c-can... satisfy me after this, then... I'm going to make you take responsibility!
Yuuji: Hm? What's that supposed to...
Yumiko: Kazami-kun, you... stupid jerk!!! You didn't have to go this far!!!
Yuuji: Hrm... maybe I did go a bit overboard.
Michiru: Heyho, sorry to keep ya waiting! I finally found some cicada shells!
Yuuji: I see. Good for you.
Michiru: Okay then, now to plop them in that potion... Hm? Is it just my imagination, or is there a little less in here than before?
Yuuji: Just your imagination.
Michiru: Well, okay then. Anyway, just have to toss these in here and give it a nice good stir... All right, finally done! Bottoms up! *Glug* *Glug*
Yuuji: You actually drank that!? Are you all right!?
Michiru: Huh? Yeah, I'm fine. You know how you get bags under your eyes when you don't get enough sleep? This stuff apparently works wonders on those!
Yuuji: ...There's really nothing wrong with you?
Michiru: Uh, why would there be? I mean, it's just a magic bags-under-your-eyes remover.
Narration: *I can't say I'm especially well versed in the dark arts, but it seems a little odd that a single ingredient would change things quite that dramatically...*
Michiru: C'mon, Kittymeow, let's go! ...Hmm?
Cat: Mroow... Mrooooooooooow...
Michiru: Is it just my imagination, or is Kittymeow weirdly attached to you?
Yuuji: Just your imagination.
Michiru: I mean, okay... but why's he rubbing his butt against you like that? Geez... C'mon, let's go.
Cat: Mrrrrow. Annnh... Myaa, myaaaaa...
Michiru: I wonder why he likes you so much all of a sudden... Anyway, toodles!
Cat: Meooww, meooooow, mroooooow!
Yuuji: Phew...
Narration: *As I reflect on the day's events, I find myself pondering a certain matter.*
Yuuji: There'd better not be any "Big Book of Simple White Magic" out there...
Narration: *If such a thing does happen to exist, it would be highly dangerous. Nodding to myself, I promptly set out for the school library.*

Yumiko: You know, I've been thinking. Why exactly am I so unpopular?
Yumiko: I'm fairly attractive, and my personality's not bad either. So what's the problem?
Yumiko: I've got money as well, for that matter...
Yumiko: Perhaps everyone's jealous of me because I'm so rich?
Yumiko: Then again, Irisu-san is absurdly wealthy in her own right, isn't she...?
Yumiko: Wait. Could she be bribing everyone else in secret?
Yumiko: That must be it. I mean, Irisu-san is a bit strange, isn't she? And yet, all the others treat her like a friend. It doesn't make sense unless she's paying them off...
Yumiko: All right then. Two can play at that game!
Michiru: Mmm, nothing beats picking nice crunchy bits of rice off your clothes... So tasty!
Yumiko: Oh, it's Matsushima-san, the class idiot... If I give her money, I'm sure she'll be my friend.
Yumiko: I wonder what the going rate on friendship is, though. The value of popularity's hard to define...
Yumiko: Excuse me, Matsushima-san?
Michiru: Nyomnom. Hey, Yumiko. You want some rice?
Yumiko: I'll pass, thank you. Err... there's something I'd like to ask you, if that's all right?
Michiru: Sure thing. Go riiight ahead.
Yumiko: What's your going rate, Matsushima-san?
Michiru: Huh? What rate? I'm not going anywhere.
Yumiko: What? Uhm, that's not what I meant... I'm asking about your price.
Michiru: My price...? Wait, do you mean...!?
Yumiko: I'm sorry. I know the offer might seem rude, but... right now, money's all I've got!
Michiru: Uhhh... C'mon, really? That's a little...
Yumiko: Please! I've got plenty of cash, I promise!!
Michiru: Gaaaah, oh my! Just remembered I've got pressing business elsewhere! See you later, Yumiko! B-Buhbye!
Yumiko: Ah, Matsushima-san! ...That didn't go well.
Yumiko: Perhaps it would have been best to press a wad of bills into her hand without saying anything...?
Sachi: Pardon me...
Yumiko: Gah! W-Were you watching that?
Sachi: Yes, I saw the entire thing. Uhm... cheer up. I'm sure it will work out in the end.
Sachi: It's not so rare for two women to... enjoy each other's company. I myself have been known to get a bit carried away with my teasing of Michiru-sama... in the dressing room and such.
Yumiko: Huh? Hold on a second. What are you talking about?
Sachi: And mutual understanding comes so much more easily for those of the same gender! We know how to bring each other pleasure, for one thing. Don't worry... Michiru-sama gets wet quite easily!
Yumiko: No, really, w-what are you talking about?
Sachi: There's no need to pay. We're talking about that girl, after all. Once you get her in the right mood, she'll no doubt come to you on her own. So please... don't lose heart.
Sachi: Well then, do excuse me.
Yumiko: ...I think there's been a very grave misunderstanding...
Yumiko: Wh-What now? I can't let any strange rumors spread... Okay. This calls for...
Yumiko: Matsushima-san! Matsushima-san!
Michiru: Eeeeeeek!
Yumiko: Please, it was all just a misunderstanding! Don't tell anyone! I've got money right here, okay? I'll pay you! Let's just keep this to ourselves!
Michiru: Eeeeeeeeeeeeek! She's trying to cover up the truth with money!
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Somehow, I get the idea I've only made things worse...

Michiru: Man, I want a poisonous snake so bad!
Yumiko: ...Why?
Michiru: Come on, snakes are awesome, right? They're all long, and they've got those cool forked tongues. And if you get one with poison on top of it all, that makes it even more fantastic!
Yumiko: "Fantastic"? Really?
Michiru: A poisonous snake, protecting me around the clock... So cool... So coooool...
Yumiko: If you say so. I can't say I feel the same.
Michiru: Anyway, if you run into a poisonous snake anywhere, make sure to catch it for me! Thanks in advance!
Yumiko: I really don't think that's particularly likely.
Yumiko: Well then, back to my room...
Sachi: Waaah! It's a poisonous snake!
Yumiko: Wha―?
Sachi: Run away, Sakaki-san! There's a poisonous snake in that bush!
Yumiko: Oh, please. That can't possibly be true.
Sachi: Just to be on the safe side, I'd like to assure you that I'm not trying to make a dirty joke.
Yumiko: A bush and a snake...? I-I wasn't even thinking about that!
Sachi: There truly is a venomous reptile in there, I assure you. Specifically, a tiger snake!
Yumiko: Wait... isn't that the one with the venom that can kill you in two or three hours!?
Sachi: Yes. That's why I'm telling you to run, Sakaki-san!
Yumiko: R-Right. But what's a tiger snake doing here? I mean, isn't that species native to Australia?
Sachi: W-Well, yes, but... never mind that! We have to run!
Yumiko: Tell me the truth, Komine-san. Is there actually a snake in there?
Sachi: O-Of course there is...
Yumiko: ...I find that hard to believe. Mind if I take a look in the bush?
Sachi: A-All right.
Yumiko: Let's see here...
Yumiko: Eeeek! What!? A-An actual tiger snake!?
Sachi: ...
Yumiko: I-It bit me! It bit me, didn't it!? Look!
Yumiko: Huh? What was that sound?
Michiru: Surprise! You just got punk'd!
Yumiko: Matsushima-san!? Why did you pop out of the bushes!? Wh-What on earth is going on here?
Sachi: I do apologize, Sakaki-san. Do you remember today's date?
Yumiko: Today's... April first, isn't it? Wait, are you saying...
Michiru: Yes, that's right! It's April Fools' Day! Babaaaam!
Sachi: Tee hee hee. Did we surprise you, Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: Yes, you certainly did! Honestly...
Michiru: Heh heh heh. Sorry about that!
Yumiko: Really, is that all...? I almost had a heart attack... So that snake's not real, then?
Sachi: No, the snake was perfectly real.
Michiru: Yep, genuine tiger snake. Very poisonous.
Yumiko: ...Hm?
Michiru: Anyway, you totally fell for it, Yumiko!
Sachi: We got you good.
Yumiko: Uh, wait. Wait. Hold on a second. Uhm, today's...
Sachi: April Fools' Day.
Yumiko: And the snake?
Michiru: Totally real.
Michiru: Okay then, everyone look at the camera and say "gotcha!"
Yumiko: Uh, no. There's something wrong about that, isn't there? Hold on. That snake... really is poisonous, right?
Sachi: Absolutely. What's your point?
Yumiko: If it bites you, you'll die in three hours or so, right?
Michiru: Yep.
Yumiko: ...Uh, does that really... count as an April Fools' joke?
Michiru: What? Uh... can you give us a second?
Yumiko: O-Okay.
Michiru: Sachi, did we screw this up?
Sachi: No, I'm fairly sure it still counts...
Michiru: Yeah. I mean, it's April Fools' Day, right?
Sachi: Indeed. The snake might be real, but I'm sure we're still okay.
Yumiko: Uh... what's the verdict?
Sachi: Goooootcha!
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: ...........
Yumiko: I think I'm going to go to the hospital now.

Yumiko: Why doesn't my phone ever get any messages...? I wonder if it's got abnormally weak reception...
Yumiko: A weak phone...? That's actually kind of cute...
Narration: *I give my cell phone a few comforting strokes.*
Narration: *You just have weak reception, right? That's why you never get any messages. It's definitely not because I don't have any friends.*
Yumiko: I wonder how far I'd need to go to get decent reception...
Narration: *Stretching my arm out, I begin to walk around with my phone up in the air.*
Yumiko: No good here either. It says I've got a signal, but I'm still not getting any messages. It must not be getting enough reception yet.
Narration: *At this point I'm basically just making things up, but for some reason I really don't want to admit defeat.*
Yumiko: Reception... Where can I get some reception...?
Yumiko: Reception... Give me the reception... I need more reception...
Yumiko: Reception... Reception...
Yumiko: Reception... Recep...tion...
Yumiko: Where... am I?
Narration: *It seems I've wandered quite a ways in my search for reception. Wherever I am, I've got three bars worth of signal... but there's still no messages on my phone.*
Old Lady: What on earth are ya doin' out here, girl?
Yumiko: I've come in search of reception.
Old Lady: Reception? Well, I've got one o' them home antennas at my place. Wanna come over?
Yumiko: Yes.
Narration: *I head right over to the random old lady's house. It proves to be a very large, clean, and spacious home.*
Old Lady: Sold off m'fields a little while ago and had this place rebuilt. Got a bidet and a flat-screen dijjy-tal TV an' all that.
Yumiko: How lovely.
Old Lady: Here we go, this is th' antenna. Gettin' that reception yet? Lemme see.
Narration: *I offer her my phone, currently displaying 3 bright green bars in its upper corner.*
Old Lady: Looks like yer reception's fine.
Yumiko: Yes.
Old Lady: Not gettin' any messages, though.
Yumiko: ...Yes.
Old Lady: Maybe ya just don't have any friends?
Yumiko: ...Yes.
Old Lady: Well, it's gettin' late, so you just stay over fer the night. You can head back tomorrow.
Yumiko: All right.
Narration: *I gratefully take advantage of the random old lady's kindness. She even lets me spread out my futon next to the antenna, so that messages can reach me at any time.*
Old Lady: Night, kiddo.
Yumiko: Good night.
Old Lady: Mornin'. Get any messages?
Yumiko: ...No.
Narration: *Reluctantly, I leave the old lady's house behind, striking out in search of a place with even better reception.*
Yumiko: Haa, haa... Now that I've come this far...
Narration: *I glance down at the screen of my phone. It informs me that I have no signal at all.*
Yumiko: Well, I suppose that explains why I'm not getting any messages.

Amane: Seriously, Makina was such a handful back then, you know?
Makina: I wish ya'd just ferget about that already...
Sachi: Hee hee hee. That's Maki-chan, all right.
Michiru: No kidding! That's classic!
Yumiko: U-Uhm...
Amane: And you know what? The next time we went to that restaurant...
Makina: Oh c'mon, do ya hafta tell that story too?
Yumiko: P-Pardon me...!
Sachi: Goodness. What's the matter, Sakaki-san? Why are you shouting?
Yumiko: Well... actually, there's something I've been hiding from you all.
Amane: Wait, what? That came out of nowhere. Is something wrong?
Yumiko: Please hear me out, and try not to laugh... The truth is...
Yumiko: I'm a magical girl!!!
Amane: Huh...?
Sachi: ......
Makina: Wh-What th' heck are ya goin' on about?
Yumiko: I know it might be hard to believe, but I have a single magical power. But as I grow into an adult, that power's begun to fade...
Yumiko: In fact, today might be the very last time I can use it.
Yumiko: And so... before it disappears entirely, I wanted you all to know the truth...
Michiru: Oh please, what a random joke! How about you show us this "magic power" of yours, then!?
Yumiko: Are you sure, Matsushima-san? Don't blame me if you regret it.
Michiru: What? C-Come on, it's just a joke, right?
Yumiko: Sasato sasato skrono norosk. Hear me, o bloody guardians of the netherworld...
Sachi: Is this a magic incantation?
Makina: Dang, sounds pretty legit!
Amane: Well... sure, but...
Yumiko: Bind thyself to me, and demonstrate thy might...
Michiru: Wait, are you serious? Hey, Yumi... S-Sakaki-san?
Yumiko: ...Haaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Michiru: Eeeeeeeeeeeek!
Michiru: ...!?
Yumiko: This... is my dreadful power. Yes...
Yumiko: The ability... to magically unhook... any bra...
Michiru: ...U-Uhm... Yumiko?
Yumiko: Yes?
Michiru: Can I... fix my bra now?
Yumiko: ...All right.
Michiru: There we go.
Yumiko: Yes... this is my terrible, accursed...
Michiru: ...Uhm, Yumiko?
Yumiko: Yes?
Michiru: Can we get back to the conversation we were having before?
Yumiko: ...All right.
Amane: And you know what? The next time we went to that restaurant, Makina...
Makina: Oh, c'mon, do ya really hafta tell that story?
Yumiko: ...Oh. My power just vanished.
Yumiko: Well, whatever.

Sachi: Ah, the weather's quite nice again today... the sweeping's just flying by.
Yumiko: You certainly are devoted to your work, Komine-san.
Sachi: But of course. I am this academy's maid, after all.
Yumiko: You know, the air gets so dry in the winter that my lips are always getting cracked. I can't get by without my lip cream.
Sachi: Oh, I see. That's certainly troublesome.
Yumiko: They gave me this one for free at the drugstore, but it turned out to be quite an excellent moisturizer. I've been using it every day lately.
Sachi: My! Your lips are so luscious and glossy...
Yumiko: Well then, see you later.
Sachi: Of course!
Sachi: Sweeping, sweeping...♪
Makina: Hey there, Sacchin. Mnghl mnghl...
Sachi: Good morning, Maki-chan. Are you still feeling sleepy?
Makina: Mm, nah, I'm okay... *Yawn*. What were ya talkin' about with Yumi-chan there?
Sachi: We were just chatting about lip balm. It's rather essential when the air is this dry.
Sachi: Sakaki-san received a free stick as a customer-service gesture, and her lips are quite glossy as a result. I'm not sure about products like that, though. You might end up with a slimy mess if you use a bit too much...
Makina: Hmm, ya don't say...
Sachi: Why don't you remind everyone to be careful about their skin? Don't forget about hand cream, either. It's not just your lips that might dry up in this weather.
Makina: Sure, gotcha. *Yaaawn*...
Sachi: Knowing you, Maki-chan, I wouldn't be surprised to see you rubbing lip cream over your entire body out of laziness... but that's not going to work, okay?
Makina: Huh? My whole body? I don't really get it...
Sachi: You really are sleepy, aren't you...? Make sure you don't trip over your own feet.
Makina: Yeah, I knoooow...
Makina: Mmm... man, I'm tired...
Amane: Oh, geez. You're still half-asleep?
Makina: Good mornin', Ama-nee...
Amane: You don't have to repeat yourself. We already said good morning a while ago, remember?
Makina: Did we...?
Amane: Who do you think brushed your hair for you, girl...?
Makina: Oh, right... Sacchin told me somethin'... said I'm supposed to pass it on to th' rest of you guys...
Amane: Huh? What did Sacchan want to tell us?
Makina: Uhhh... to be careful. Can't let ourselves dry out... or somethin'...
Amane: Dry out...? What's that supposed to mean?
Makina: It was somethin' about lips... or customer service... uh... an' a slimy mess... 
Amane: ...Did she say something about "lip service," maybe? What kind of a "slimy mess"?
Makina: I dunno. It's what she said.
Amane: "Lip service" is, like... flattery, right? But that "slimy mess" thing is kind of weird... this is Sacchan we're talking about, so maybe the "service" thing was more, uh...
Makina: Oh, right. Now that ya mention it, she said something about rubbin' her lips all over someone's body.
Amane: Whaaaat!? She meant it literally!?
Makina: Yeah, like... Yumi-chan's gotta use her lips all over our body... an' make a slimy mess... so she doesn't dry out, or somethin'...?
Amane: Wait, this is about Sakaki-san!? Wh-What's that supposed to mean? We have to help her stay constantly wet!?
Makina: Oh, she said somethin' about Yumi-chan gettin' herself a "stick," too.
Amane: A stick, you say!? As in... a love stick!?
Makina: I think it was like... a stick for her lips?
Amane: Her lips!? As in... her "lower" lips!?
Makina: Aaagh, I'm so tired... I'm gonna go take a nap on my desk, 'kay...?
Amane: Sakaki-san...
Michiru: Morniiing. Hm? What's wrong? You look kinda freaked out...
Amane: Ah! I-It's nothing... Uh, actually... I guess she wants everyone to know, so I should pass this message along...
Michiru: Hm? What's up? Go on.
Amane: Sakaki-san tried running her lips all over someone, and enjoyed "servicing" them so much that she stayed wet for hours afterward.
Amane: She can't forget how amazing that was, so apparently she got herself a "love stick" to keep herself from ever drying out. I guess she told Sacchan to let all of us know.
Michiru: Say what!? That's one heck of an announcement to drop on us out of nowhere!
Amane: Well, I guess she's the sort of person who gets excited when she knows everyone's gossiping about her...?
Michiru: You wouldn't know it to look at her, but I guess that girl's a total freak... 
Amane: It's a little hard to believe, isn't it...?
Michiru: Seriously, this is kinda hard for me to process...
Yuuji: What's up? Why the dopey face?
Michiru: My face is perfectly normal, thank you! Oh, but... I've got something to tell you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Oh, that a fact? Sounds like quite the predicament.
Michiru: I haven't even said anything yet! So, like, apparently Yumiko wants us to pass this message on to everybody...
Yuuji: What message would that be?
Michiru: Yumiko's a perv who gets super horny when someone lets her lick their body. She thinks about it every single night while p-pleasuring herself with a rod...
Michiru: Argh, seriously!? Why are you forcing me to say this stuff!? Talk about embarrassing!
Yuuji: You're the one who brought it up.
Michiru: Anyway, make sure to tell everyone! That's what Yumiko wants, apparently!
Yuuji: ...Well, this is a strange state of affairs.
Principal: Ah, Kazami-kun. What are you doing here?
Yuuji: Hrm. There's a message I need to pass on to you, apparently.
Principal: Okay, sure. What is it? Go on, hurry up.
Yuuji: Sakaki is a complete sex addict who enjoys running her tongue over literally anyone's body, and then stays up at night masturbating to the memories with the help of her favorite dildo. Apparently.
Principal: What?! Wh-Why are you telling me this!?
Yuuji: From what I hear, Sakaki herself wants us to spread that around. Guess she's really desperate to find more people to lick.
Principal: I-I really don't think that's morally acceptable!
Yuuji: None of my business. Anyway, that's all I came to say. I'll leave the rest to you.
Principal: Wait, what's that supposed to mean? Kazami-kun? Come on, Kazami-kun!?
Sachi: Ah, good morning.
Principal: K-Komine-san. Uhm, this is a little hard for me to say, but there's something I need to tell you...
Sachi: Yes? What would that be?
Principal: Well, uhm... *Mumble* *Mumble* *Mumble*
Sachi: What!? Did Sakaki-san really say that!?
Principal: And what's more, *Mumble* *Mumble* *Mumble*...
Sachi: Wh-What...?
Principal: Okay, now you know! Take it from here, please!
Sachi: Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: *Sigh*... I suppose I overdid it... what a slimy mess...
Sachi: *Gasp*... It was true...?
Yumiko: Komine-san? What's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost.
Sachi: Uhm, well... I've had the situation explained to me.
Yumiko: What situation?
Sachi: There's no need to play dumb. Would you allow me... to say just one thing...?
Yumiko: Well, sure. What is it?
Sachi: G-G-Go... right ahead!
Yumiko: Pardon me?
Sachi: Go ahead... and lick my body, you dirty slut!
Yumiko: ...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Huh?
Sachi: I've had enough of your games! Get over here, you filthy little sow!
Yumiko: Wait, Komine-san!? Komi... N-No! Not there! Nooooooooo!

Narration: *That day, the entire student body of Mihama Academy had enjoyed a visit to the amusement park.*
Michiru: You really are amazing, Yumiko. That roller coaster didn't scare you one bit! I can't believe you rode it eight times in a row!
Yumiko: Well, of course. At the end of the day, it's nothing but a rapidly-moving box.
Sachi: I think that definition would apply to most vehicles, actually...
Makina: Welp, I'm bushed. Gonna turn in early tonight!
Amane: Yep, good plan. Don't want to be all worn out tomorrow. Bye, everyone!
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *Of course, Yumiko had in fact been frightened, but was hiding this from the others.*
Yumiko: I was so afraid my facial expression froze... which led them to assume I wasn't scared...
Yumiko: But in reality, my legs were trembling so badly that I couldn't even stand...
Yumiko: Unable to get off the ride after it ended, I pretended that I wanted to "have another go"... and by that point, I was already at death's door...
Yumiko: Of course, my paralysis only grew more severe with the passage of time. In the end, I rode that machine eight times in a row...
Yumiko: If Matsushima-san hadn't physically pulled me away because she wanted to try another attraction...
Yumiko: I'd be dead right now.
Yumiko: Uu... uu...
Yumiko: Bweh... bweeeh...
Yumiko: Bwaaaah, it was so scaaaaary! SO scary! Why would you force yourself to ride something that fast!? I don't understaaand! *Sob* *Sob*
Yumiko: Guuuhuh! *Sob* *Sniffle*...
Sachi: Staaaare.
Yumiko: Gah! K-Komine-san? Do you need something?
Sachi: Well, I thought I saw you crying.
Yumiko: Is that so? I don't believe you did.
Sachi: Your face is covered in mucus.
Yumiko: It's been this way all along.
Sachi: It's been this way all along, has it?
Yumiko: If you don't need anything, would you mind going away? I'd like to enjoy the breeze by myself for a while.
Sachi: ...Certainly. Please excuse me.
Yumiko: ...*Sniffle*
Yumiko: Uu, uu, uugh, it was so scaaary... Why did it have to spin around like that!? Aaagh... bwaaah...
Yumiko: It's all... Irisu-san's fault... She's the one who wanted to ride it... hic... I said I didn't want to... But she told me t-to... give it a try! Aagh... *sniffle*... aah, bwaaahhh...
Yumiko: What's a "tornado devil" supposed to be, anyway!? I've had it up to here! Aaaah, aaahuh...
Sachi: Staaaaaare.
Yumiko: Gah. Do you need something?
Sachi: So you were afraid after all, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: W-Who said anything of the sort...?
Sachi: It's all right... There's no need to force yourself. You have your girlish side, don't you? It's sheer prejudice that leads everyone to fear you as a "monster." How truly sad...
Yumiko: Huh? What? People... call me a monster? Behind my back?
Sachi: ...Well, let's put that aside for now.
Sachi: For today... or at least for now... be honest with yourself. Come and cry in my bosom.
Yumiko: Komine-san...
Sachi: It's all right. There's nothing to be afraid of anymore... Come here.
Yumiko: Uu... uu... uwaaaaaah!!
Sachi: There, there. It was scary, wasn't it? I understand completely. Let it all out.
Yumiko: It's all because... Irisu-saaan... guuh... told me to ride iiiit...
Sachi: Come, let me see your tearful face. There's nothing to be ashamed of.
Yumiko: Ngh, nguuuh, nguhhh! *Sniffle*
Yumiko: Huh?
Sachi: There we are, Sakaki-san. It came out quite nicely. Now then, how much would you like to offer?
Yumiko: ...Weh?
Sachi: How much...
Sachi: ...would ya like to offer?
Yumiko: Y-You're... inhuman...
Sachi: Money....
Sachi: ...makes th' world go round.
Yumiko: You mooooonster!!
Sachi: Haha. Ooonly joking, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: Hweh? W-Well, of course. Of course you wouldn't do that...
Sachi: Anyway, this here's my bank account number, so feel free to express your gratitude. Goodbye for now!
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: I wonder if two million will be enough...
Narration: *And thus, a few days after these events, Yumiko came to be known as Mihama's "Miss Two Million."*

Narration: *"Attention, vessel of unknown nationality. This is the Japan Coast Guard. You are in violation of Japanese territorial waters. Disarm and heave to immediately. I repeat, disarm and heave to immediately!"*
Narration: *―July, 2012.*
Narration: *A Japan Coast Guard patrol vessel discovered a small ship of unknown origin in waters near Yonaguni, westernmost of the Yaeyama Islands.*
Narration: *The ship ignored three warnings to cut its engine, and managed to shake off the Coast Guard vessel after a two-hour chase.*
Narration: *An attempt to pursue using the patrol boat's onboard helicopter was discontinued by order of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for fear of provoking neighboring nations, ending any hope of interception.*
Narration: *Photographs and video of the incident, taken in a private capacity by a Coast Guard officer, immediately passed from a PC with a satellite connection to the First Section of Ichigaya's Central Intelligence Division.*
Narration: *There were five people on that small unidentified vessel.*
Narration: *The images were of poor quality, having been taken with the camera of an outdated cellular phone, but a thorough analysis established with 51% certainty that one of those five individuals was "Heath Oslo."*
Narration: *―Heath Oslo.*
Narration: *The name itself is an alias. His real name and place of birth are unknown. Estimated age: early forties.*
Narration: *Previously a mercenary with the French Foreign Legion, he was discharged on suspicion of having stabbed a superior officer to death with a knife.*
Narration: *After fleeing to Switzerland, he proceeded to make his way from battleground to battleground, resurfacing in Afghanistan and Yugoslavia.*
Narration: *At present, numerous countries regard him as a war profiteer and terrorist involved in the active provocation of conflict.*
Narration: *Although he's believed to have multiple cover identities, Oslo currently presents himself to the world as the strategic advisor to a next-generation weapon development project funded jointly by several defense-technology enterprises.*
Narration: *At the time of this incident, there was no positive proof that the man photographed by the Coast Guard officer was in fact Heath Oslo.*
Narration: *A previous assassination of an individual misidentified as Heath Oslo had saddled the Japanese government with some four billion yen in indemnities. Neither Ichigaya nor Akasaka were eager to repeat that mistake.*
Narration: *So long as Oslo's identity could not be confirmed beyond the shadow of a doubt, they refused to authorize even an approach with small arms, much less a forcible attempt to physically capture the ship.*
Narration: *"Tokyo's" orders emphasized the possibility that this was a demonstration by nationalist activists from a neighboring country―*
Narration: *And in strict compliance with the Geneva Convention, they confined the Coast Guard to a conservative plan: "Pursue where possible and prevent any attempt to land."*
Narration: *―But while this passive approach carried the day, some speculated that "Oslo's" appearance might be connected to a rumored top-secret program for the development of high-reliability alternative nuclear warheads.*
Narration: *America, which optimistically assumed Japan's nuclear allergy was a thing of the past, and was slow to take appropriate measures;*
Narration: *The Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which avoided anything "troublesome" like the plague, and hated bowing its head unless it was absolutely necessary;*
Narration: *As the result of two ostensible allies attempting to resolve everything without alerting each other, a single terrorist was allowed to remain at large―*

Yuuji: We did that stuff every time we took a bath together, and even around the house she was always kissing me...
JB: Hmm, I see... I always thought you were strangely knowledgeable about women's weak points for your age, but that would explain it.
Yuuji: So if my attitude toward women is a little warped, you could probably say that she's the root cause.
JB: In other words... you started treating women like toys as a backlash against your sister's abuse?
Yuuji: I don't think it was cruel enough to qualify as "abuse." Molestation, at worst... We never did cross that final line.
JB: Do you still resent her for that?
Yuuji: She made me into her personal plaything, then dropped dead out of the blue... There were times when I'd look back and feel a little bitter.
Yuuji: Still, I don't think "resentment" is the right word. At the end of the day, I was more scared of her than anything else... Much more than I ever was of my father.
JB: Scared of her, eh...?
Yuuji: I mean, she was ingrained into my mind as the one person I had to obey absolutely, no matter what... That hasn't really changed to this day. If Kazuki was still alive, I'd probably be doing her bidding...
Yuuji: That said... no matter how much I think about it, no matter what else you want to put on the scale, I don't have any doubt that she genuinely loved me.
Yuuji: Right now, I guess... I'm grateful to Kazuki.
JB: ...I see.
Yuuji: ...*Sigh*...
JB: Are you tired? Shall we take a short break?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'd appreciate it.
JB: I'll make some coffee.

Date: *July XX, 2012, 13:31 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: ...Hey!! We ended up reading it after all!!
Amane: And why're you flipping out all of sudden...?
Michiru: C'mon, it's messed up to read this behind his back, right!? It's bad, uhm... you know! What is it!? Etch-a-sketch or whatever!
Amane: Etch-a-sketch...?
Sachi: I believe she couldn't think of the word "etiquette" off the top of her head...
Michiru: Yeah! Exactly! Etiquette! A hedge between makes the heart grow fondue!
Yumiko: ...What? Komine-san, can you please translate?
Sachi: Ah, yes... uhm... I believe she jumbled together the sayings "A hedge between keeps friendships green" and "Absence makes the heart grow fonder" without considering the actual meaning of the words...
Sachi: Additionally, she misremembered "fonder" as "fondue," producing an incoherent word salad.
Makina: Dang. Chiruchiru's really been takin' her idiocy to the next level lately... This is, like, 360-degree all-range idiot.
Michiru: Don't call me stupid! Only stupid people call people stupid, stupid!
Amane: Well, for the moment, why don't we take a break and eat some more okara donuts?
Makina: Yerp, I've been workin' on 'em fer a while now. Nnch... mgh. OD are hella tasty...
Michiru: OD? Ox... dentist?
Sachi: ...Isn't it just an abbreviation of "Okara Donuts?" Where did the phrase "ox dentist" even come from...?
Michiru: Whaaat? Who cares? Don't we have other things to be worried about right now?
Sachi: .........
Amane: Ah... She actually made Sacchan angry...
Sachi: Uhm, would it be all right if I struck Michiru-sama? Just a light punch to the jaw would suffice.
Yumiko: Why are you asking me for permission...?
Makina: Hyah!
Michiru: Bumoooh!
Makina: Calm down, Sacchin. I gave her a jab on yer behalf.
Sachi: Of course. Thank you, Maki-chan...
Michiru: Excuse meee! Don't smack me from behind when I'm eating! Now I've got donuts up my nose!
Michiru: You turned my nostrils into a friggin' all-you-can eat okara bar! Hph! Hnnnph!!
Amane: Hey... Geeeez! That's nasty! Don't blow the okara out of your nose! Can you even eat a snack without making a scene!?
Michiru: Whaaat!? Why am I the one getting scolded here!? Come on!!
Yumiko: *Sigh*... I was thinking the mood might get a bit more serious now that we've learned something of Kazami-kun's past... but I suppose it was foolish to expect that from you people. I've still got a long way to go...
Michiru: So anyway, we read a decent chunk now... Sounds like Yuuji had a pretty tough childhood, huh? Guess you can't blame him for turning into a crabby military nerd...
Yumiko: ...Excuse me?
Michiru: What's with the look? You got a problem?
Yumiko: We've barely scratched the surface of Kazami-kun's misfortunes. No, they haven't even started yet...
Michiru: ...What? Do you know something about Yuuji's past, Yumiko?
Yumiko: Look... I am technically an administrator of this school, you know? Of course I know "something"...
Yumiko: I reviewed all the documents Kazami-kun and his guardian submitted to us and pursued a personal investigation based off that information. It was simply due diligence.
Yumiko: That said, Kazami-kun was a rather special case. Unlike you girls, much of his personal information was confidential or well-protected, so I couldn't piece together every detail of the story...
Yumiko: For example, I only learned that he'd come into contact with Komine-san at a young age from this document.
Michiru: Hey! That's right! Sachi, you were childhood friends with Yuuji!?
Sachi: Ah, yes... Not that we were particularly intimate...
Michiru: Why didn't you say something!?
Sachi: Because no one ever asked. And those memories are very personal and important to me, so I suppose I wasn't eager to bring the matter up in casual conversation...
Sachi: But in the first place, I had no idea that "Yuu-kun" was living under such difficult conditions.
Sachi: I did suspect that he was similar to me... In other words, not particularly eager to return home. Still, I was truly startled by this account...
Makina: It wasn't that big a shock ta me, hones'ly. Guess I kinda figured, ya know?
Makina: Me and Onii-chan talk a lot while we're playin or whatever, an' I just got this feeling from some of the stuff he says. Like... "Aah, this guy had a crappy childhood too, didn't he?"
Makina: And eventually, somethin' really bad musta happened that totally messed his life up... That's th' impression I got, anyway.
Amane: ......
Yumiko: ...Suou-san... I'm sure you're aware, but Irisu-san isn't blaming you.
Amane: Ah... yeah...
Michiru: What? What's that supposed to mean...? Why're you getting all depressed, Amane?
Amane: ...I just... you know...
Michiru: No, I don't know. Look, whatever, if it's that touchy a subject I'll just drop it...
Yumiko: ...Don't you think it's about time you told them, Suou-san?
Michiru: What? Do you know EVERYTHING, Yumiko?
Amane: Okay, so... you know Yuuji's sister who keeps coming up in this document...? She was my classmate. Kazami Kazuki and I were on the basketball team together...
Michiru: Oh, really? Wait, so did you know Yuuji too?
Amane: ...I'd only heard his name, but... Sorry, I can't really explain this too well...
Yumiko: I'd imagine this would be painful for you to discuss. Maybe I should take over?
Yumiko: ...Then again, I don't know much more than what I found in the newspapers...
Sachi: Ah, I thought something like this might happen...
Sachi: Conveniently enough, Maki-chan and I have been reconstructing additional pages for some time now whilst gnawing on donuts. Would you care to peruse the fruits of our jigsaw-puzzle labors?
Yumiko: ...Komine-san... I think you may have a career in espionage after graduation...
Sachi: Ah, but I'm simply arranging the pieces that Maki-chan filtered out of the whole.
Sachi: Her ability to instantly memorize the fragmentary characters on every scrap of paper, then sort them into pages through mental association, is what's truly amazing here.
Makina: ...Here ya go! Next page ready ta go!
Michiru: You work fast!
Sachi: ...At this rate, we can restore a page every seven minutes. It should be possible to restore the entire document in a comparatively short period of time... But what shall we do? Would it be wise to continue?
Michiru: ...Uh... Ugh. Y-Yumiko?
Yumiko: How many times do I have to tell you not to ask for my permission?
Amane: ...It's all right. Keep going. I'll apologize if Yuuji gets mad...
Yumiko: Suou-san... Are you...
Amane: I want to know... What happened to Yuuji after that "accident?" What sort of life did he lead...? I need to know...
Narration: *July XX 2012, 13:46 - "Ichigaya"*
Yuuji: Hrm... You're abnormally adorable today, JB.
JB: ...Wh-What the heck? Where did that come from?
Yuuji: Well, I was just thinking it's been a while since I had some of your coffee... Just my way of showing my gratitude.
Yuuji: I'm waking up to the smell of miso soup pretty often these days. Maybe I'm starting to appreciate that sort of thing a little more... All thanks to Amane, I suppose...
JB: ...You do know the truth about Amane-chan, don't you?
Yuuji: That she was a classmate of Kazuki's, you mean? Yeah. Only found out fairly recently, though.
JB: You don't blame her for what happened?
Yuuji: I don't think she was responsible for Kazuki's death. And either way, it's not like blaming her would bring the dead back to life...
Yuuji: I mean, if you'd given me a choice between Amane and Kazuki back at the time of the accident, I would've wanted my sister to survive.
Yuuji: But at this point... I'm seriously grateful to Kazuki for protecting her.
JB: ...Back then, what was Kazami Kazuki to you?
Yuuji: Kazuki was Kazuki. Nothing more, nothing less.
Yuuji: But if you really want something more conceptual, I guess I saw her as something akin to God.
JB: God, eh...?
Yuuji: That's just how much of a kid I was. Anyway, let's keep going with that document...
Narration: *―Eventually, my sister entered a famous private school on the wishes of our parents.*
Narration: *Through high-quality instruction appropriate for someone of Kazuki's talents, her aesthetic would mature and evolve, bringing her art to an even higher level of sophistication.*
Narration: *That was the idea, at least. But my sister deliberately betrayed our parents' overblown expectations, shunning Takizono Academy's fine arts clubs in favor of the basketball team.*
Narration: *Her grades in academic subjects and P.E. alike were suspiciously consistent 70s across the board.*
Narration: *Hiding her overwhelming talents, Kazuki pursued a tranquil everyday life.*
Narration: *That sharp tongue of hers still made a few appearances, of course... But in a school for rich young ladies, a slightly thorny attitude was nothing out of the ordinary.*
Narration: *On top of which, Kazuki was trying very hard to come off as a pleasant, mild-mannered girl to her classmates.*
Narration: *She managed to gather a good number of friendly acquaintances through that act. She'd pick out useful or competent girls from the group for special attention, controlling them like pawns to her own advantage.*
Narration: *Well, "controlling" is probably a little too harsh.*
Narration: *The people my sister manipulated didn't really notice it was happening.*
Narration: *Rather than forcing them to do something, she'd subtly guide them toward certain choices.*
Narration: *For the most part, they did exactly what Kazuki wanted without even realizing that she was influencing their actions.*
Narration: *I was the only one who knew what my sister really was. And that was only because she'd discussed her real intentions so frankly with me ever since we were young.*
Narration: *Even our parents weren't aware they were dancing on Kazuki's strings.*
Narration: *I was deeply, deeply afraid of her.*
Narration: *"Kazuki can't be human... Maybe she's some kind of god...?"*
Narration: *I was the only one who understood my sister's true nature.*
Narration: *But terrifying as she was, I was also completely dependent on her.*
Narration: *I assumed that I would keep living in the palm of Kazuki's hand for many years to come.*
Narration: *...Right up until the day she left for her basketball team's summer training camp.*
Narration: *―It was my sister's first summer vacation since entering Takizono Academy, following a relatively uneventful few months for our strained family.*
Narration: *Kazuki was participating in an overnight camp as a member of the Takizono basketball team. For about a week, she would be staying at a campground in Nagano Prefecture.*
Narration: *She'd always been at the center of that lopsided family, counteracting the centrifugal forces that would've otherwise ripped us apart. She was the balance shaft that kept our household rotating smoothly. And now, suddenly, she was gone...*
Narration: *That week stretched on and on. The anxiety was suffocating, inescapable. It felt as though I'd been left all alone on a sailing boat in a totally calm sea.*
Narration: *Only two days after Kazuki left the house, my parents began to argue viciously every time they encountered each other―*
Narration: *And if I was unfortunate enough to be somewhere nearby, it would usually end with Dad blindsiding me with harsh words and harassment that I earned simply for being a convenient target.*
Narration: *"The coffee's too damn hot!"*
Narration: *That was enough of a reason for my father to throw a mug at my head.*
Narration: *It wasn't the first time something like that had happened.*
Narration: *A few days without my sister, and we were already falling apart. Was the absence of "God" all it took to make people into such ugly creatures?*
Narration: *Picking up the fragments of that shattered mug, I watched my mother sobbing impotently on the floor... and found myself praying that Kazuki would come home as soon as possible.*
Narration: *I held my breath. I made myself small. Like some frightened animal burrowing deep into the ground, I tried desperately to avoid my father's wrath, waiting for my sister's return.*
Narration: *Once Kazuki comes back... once God returns... I wouldn't have to hide myself anymore.*
Narration: *All I had to do was keep quiet and endure. This nightmare would end eventually.*
Narration: *I was used to enduring this sort of thing.*
Narration: *As long as I didn't get greedy, I wouldn't get hurt. I wouldn't suffer too much.*
Narration: *I'd just be a little lonely for a while. A little sad. It wouldn't kill me.*
Narration: *After all, this bed of nails was only a temporary torment. That miserable week had finally passed. It was all but over now.*
Narration: *Today, my sister was coming home.*
Narration: *"God" was returning.*
Narration: *She was never easy to deal with, but having her around sure beat the alternative.*
Narration: *In that respect, I suppose Kazuki really was a divine presence in our lives.*
Narration: *People who can laugh off the idea of God don't know how lucky they are.*
Narration: *That's only an option for someone who's never found themselves completely helpless... someone who's never looked up at the sky and screamed through their tears.*
Narration: *In the end, my prayers dissolved meaninglessly into the clouds.*
Narration: *My sister didn't get back on time.*
Narration: *At first we assumed the bus was caught in traffic, but after a few hours that started to seem less likely.*
Narration: *The team's advisor, who had been in charge of the trip, wasn't answering his cell phone.*
Narration: *We tried calling Kazuki instead, but heard only another mechanical voice informing us that her phone was "turned off or out of range."*
Narration: *―I had a bad feeling about it.*
Narration: *As I remembered my bitter childhood fantasies of a life without Kazuki, frightening what-ifs flitted through my mind, and I could feel sweat oozing coldly out of my pores.*
Narration: *I'd spent years daydreaming about my sister disappearing. What right did I have to expect her to come back and rescue me now? Maybe she'd finally gotten sick of my selfishness and decided to leave for good.*
Narration: *That sense of guilt grew heavy as a rock in the pit of my stomach when I learned that Kazuki and her classmates had vanished without a trace.*
Narration: *It was as if their bus had been abruptly spirited off the face of the earth. Despite an all-out search effort by authorities along the route and our local police, two weeks crawled by with no progress whatsoever.*
Narration: *Finally, the investigation headquarters set up by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police was dissolved, and the case was entrusted to the National Police Agency as a matter for long-term, wide-scale investigation.*
Narration: *To put the matter more simply, they'd halfway given up on finding them.*
Narration: *Local search efforts did continue, now personally funded by the families of the missing girls, but to no avail. Eventually there was even talk that it might've been a mass kidnapping organized by a foreign country.*
Narration: *―And in the home to which my sister never returned...*
Narration: *My father, his principal source of income gone, ranted and raved in a near-frenzy.*
Narration: *My mother, unable to oppose her husband, could do nothing but grieve and cry.*
Narration: *I hid myself quietly in the shadows as our house filled with darkness. And one night, I snuck into my sister's studio to gaze at her half-finished paintings.*
Narration: *"...My sister can't possibly be dead... Kazuki's above death..."*
Narration: *Blind faith was all I had to cling to now.*
Narration: *Maybe this disappearance was part of my sister's plan. Maybe she was living as a totally different person somewhere, enjoying the "freedom" and "normality" she desperately longed for.*
Narration: *These ridiculous delusions at least allowed me to hold on to some fragile shred of hope. But in the end, even that meager refuge was shattered to pieces.*
Narration: *A single student who had been on the basketball team trip with my sister was discovered in a farmer's field, where she'd been greedily devouring cabbage after cabbage.*
Narration: *The girl was emaciated and exhausted, but managed to explain the situation to the local policemen who rushed to her hospital room.*
Narration: *On the way back, the team had taken an old, unused mountain road to avoid congestion; their tire had been punctured, and the bus plunged down a cliff in a section of the road with no guard rail.*
Narration: *Fortunately, the bus didn't catch on fire after its tumble down the slope... but it had landed at the bottom of a deep natural "hole," separated from the road by thick greenery that made discovery unlikely.*
Narration: *And of course, their cell phones were out of range.*
Narration: *As for leaving to summon help on their own... the walls of the valley sloped over them, making it impossible to climb back up.*
Narration: *There was a possibility of escape through the dense virgin forest at the very bottom of the gorge, but there were many wounded, so the group opted for a conservative plan of waiting for help while conserving their supplies. *
Narration: *At the bottom of a forest so thick that light barely reached them, the team endured for two long weeks.*
Narration: *Finally, their limits of physical and mental endurance long since passed, the girls mustered their last ounces of strength for a desperate escape attempt. She was the only one to get out alive.*
Narration: *When the police resumed their search based on the survivor's testimony, they found the fallen bus without much difficulty.*
Narration: *It was now a crumpled wreck, lying at the bottom of a rocky gorge below an abandoned road.*
Narration: *On the site, they found signs of a struggle involving multiple individuals, along with numerous mutilated corpses - some already decomposed to the bone. My sister's death was officially confirmed in mid-September.*
Narration: *"The Takizono Academy Bus Disaster."*
Narration: *Many details regarding this incident were deliberately concealed from the public, and the media supplemented its facts with exaggerated speculation, leading to a popular narrative that differed significantly from the truth in many respects―*
Narration: *But at the time I had no way of knowing that, and in any case there was only one fact that seemed relevant for the Kazami family.*
Narration: *The death of my sister.*
Narration: *The death of God.*
Narration: *It was too much to accept. My father raged, my mother wept. I actively refused to believe it.*
Narration: *"Kazuki can't possibly be dead..."*
Narration: *No matter how many times I repeated those childish words to myself, my sister wasn't coming back. With the passage of time, we slowly began to accept that fact - and our family began to crumble under its weight.*
Narration: *Despair spread through the house like a cancer. The fragile bonds that had tied us together rotted away with frightening speed.*
Narration: *My father was devastated. His overblown expectations for my sister's future had come to nothing.*
Narration: *All the money he'd spent on her education was now just another investment gone bust. One by one, the companies which had offered financing in anticipation of Kazuki's career abandoned him.*
Narration: *Once the last lines of credit dried up, we no longer had any real source of income. Our living conditions deteriorated visibly from week to week.*
Narration: *My family had always been a brittle, makeshift thing. Now, with our only pillar of hope gone, that ramshackle structure gave up even trying to hold itself together. We'd lost the energy to maintain the farce.*
Narration: *Wallowing in self-pity over his misfortune, my father began drinking heavily nearly every day. His mistreatment of my mother and me escalated into clear abuse.*
Narration: *He hit the bars until dawn with less-than-savory "friends," often ending up in the drunk tank for bellowing at some hapless waitress. When he did manage to stagger home, he beat Mom, screaming "I'm the master of this house!"*
Narration: *Mom hadn't done anything wrong, but she still apologized every time he started hitting her.*
Narration: *Again and again. Desperately.*
Narration: *I'm sorry. I'm sorry.*
Narration: *Not even knowing what she was apologizing for, she groveled with her forehead to the ground, whimpering the words like a terrified animal waiting for a storm to blow past.*
Narration: *My mother was a very weak person.*
Narration: *In the old man's words, she was "a woman with nothing going for her but her looks." He seemed to think he'd done her a real favor picking her up out of the bars where she'd been working for lack of any other way to support herself.*
Narration: *Even I could tell that Dad had never treated her particularly well.*
Narration: *Still, she'd given birth to the golden egg. Her position as Kazuki's mother guaranteed her a fairly comfortable life.*
Narration: *But now that role had been taken away from her, and she had nothing left to defend herself with.*
Narration: *The same was true for me.*
Narration: *With no way to fight back, I had no choice but to endure my father's irrational violence. I was essentially a living punching bag for him to vent his anger on.*
Narration: *One night when he came home particularly drunk, Mom pushed me into a wardrobe.*
Mother: Hide in here... I'm sure Dad will fall asleep soon, okay? Don't come out until I say it's all right...
Narration: *I don't think she was worried about my safety for its own sake. Now that Kazuki was gone, my mother had simply grown dependent on me. I was the only ally she had left.*
Mother: I'll hang in there for your sake, dear...
Narration: *Telling herself that was probably the only way Mom could see living as anything but a source of meaningless pain.*
Narration: *The idea of protecting her only remaining child was a convenient means of bolstering her courage against the temptation to die.*
Narration: *We endured for three months, trembling at every sound from the front door once night fell...*
Narration: *Finally, my mother could take no more, and the two of us left that hellish house hand in hand.*
Narration: *There weren't any relatives to take us in. Mom had never held a job outside of a nightclub and knew little of the world. With no real plan, we fled to Mobara in Chiba, the city where she'd grown up.*
Narration: *She rented an apartment not far from her childhood home and told me that we'd be living there as a family of two from now on. Only two weeks later, before we'd even settled in, my father tracked us down.*
Father: Idiot! Did you really think you could run away from me!?
Narration: *Screaming with rage, he knocked my mother to the ground, kicking and punching her viciously. And for the first time in my life, I stood up to him.*
Yuuji: Stop it, Dad! Mom didn't do anything wrong!
Narration: *My father's eyes went wide at my unexpected interference. Releasing his grip on his wife's hair, he turned and struck me hard in the side of the face.*
Narration: *The impact was so strong I could feel my brain rattle against my skull. Stunned, I fell down onto my backside.*
Narration: *I was only a child. No matter how hard I fought, I couldn't hope to match the sheer strength of a grown man.*
Narration: *Still, I couldn't just crawl away.*
Narration: *Now that Kazuki was gone, it was my job to protect my mother. She was the only thing I had left. *
Narration: *And I understood all too well how miserable it felt to have no one on your side.*
Narration: *I clung stubbornly to my father's legs, holding on even as his blows grew increasingly brutal.*
Narration: *Mom had found the will to live by protecting me... and by taking that beating for her, it felt as though I'd discovered some point to my own existence.*
Narration: *Maybe this was the reason I'd been born.*
Narration: *True, I was defective compared to my big sister. But now that she was gone, I wasn't so meaningless anymore.*
Narration: *I was the backup. The one who'd bear the brunt if Kazuki died.*
Narration: *It all felt very clear to me now.*
Father: Get off me, you piece of trash!
Narration: *My father swung his arm down furiously, catching me square in the temple.*
Narration: *The cheap gold watch on his wrist must've struck my face. There was a dull crunching sound from my nose; lukewarm blood began to ooze slowly down my forehead.*
Narration: *When Mom saw the blood on my face, her voice rose to a frantic scream.*
Mother: I'm sorry! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I'll never do it again! I won't disobey you again! It was all my fault!
Mother: I'll apologize! I'll apologize as many times as you want! I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Please forgive me! Please, please, give me another chance! I'll do anything!
Father: Don't even think about running away from me again... I'll track you down no matter where you hide...
Mother: ...Yes...
Narration: *In the end, I suffered a cut to my head that would take eight stitches to close, Mom apologized countless times as my father ground his foot against her head, and the three of us went back "home."*
Narration: *Not to state the obvious, but Kazuki wasn't waiting for us there.*
Narration: *Nothing had changed since we left.*
Narration: *The god of that house was dead, and there was no replacing her.*
Narration: *Still, for a while after we returned, my father was unusually quiet.*
Narration: *Maybe the man was sobered by what he'd done...*
Father: ...Sorry about that.
Narration: *Once or twice, he even apologized.*
Narration: *But that period of relative calm didn't last long.*
Narration: *We were quickly eating through the money Kazuki had left behind, and my father couldn't adjust to our newly meager lifestyle. His debts accumulated until we were all but buried under their weight.*
Narration: *And as his fears about the future grew, Dad once again started to quiet his anxiety through explosions of violence.*
Narration: *Nothing was going to change.*
Narration: *If we stayed with this man, he was just going to drag us down with him.*
Narration: *For the second time, Mom and I decided to leave.*
Narration: *We'd messed up on our first try.*
Narration: *He found us because we ran to such a familiar place.*
Narration: *This time, we were going to go someplace where nobody knew us. Some town we'd never even seen before.*
Narration: *When you're trying to lay low, the basic rule is to look for an area with a large population and a high rate of residential turnover.*
Narration: *But my mother, naturally enough, didn't know that at the time. So after a few hours transferring from train to train seemingly at random, we arrived somewhere in the rural southwest of Gunma Prefecture.*
Narration: *I don't recall it too clearly. I was still a child being pulled along by his mother, and it was all a little overwhelming. But I do remember it was a quiet country town about 40 minutes from the central Takasaki station.*
Narration: *Mom had walked out the door with nothing but the clothes on her back, telling my father she was taking me shopping. Given the circumstances, we hadn't been able to take much money...*
Narration: *At a small real estate agency on the outskirts of town, nearly half of our escape fund vanished for the deposit on a one-story rental house.*
Mother: This is the house you and I are going to live in from now on, Yuuji...
Narration: *Mom wanted privacy from the neighbors, but renting a detached house had been a real financial stretch. *
Narration: *The place we found hadn't been inhabited in years. It was as desolate and dusty as a haunted house. There wasn't even a flush toilet.*
Narration: *In itself, it wasn't exactly the most pleasant place you could call home, but...*
Narration: *The only thing that really mattered was that Mom and I had it to ourselves.*
Narration: *Dad wasn't there. That was enough to make even a shabby house feel like paradise.*
Narration: *Mom had her name removed from our old certificate of residence and appealed to have our change of address information restricted given her status as a victim of domestic violence.*
Narration: *After explaining the circumstances to the local school, she handled the procedures for my transfer as well.*
Narration: *We had a home, and I had a school to attend. But we barely had time to catch our breath before the main problem reared its ugly head. To put it simply, there was no money.*
Narration: *After a week spent sighing at her rapidly thinning wallet, Mom steeled herself and went out to find employment. Her days were spent working part-time at a canning factory; her nights as a hostess in a snack bar near the station.*
Mother: You're the only thing I have left now, Yuuji...
Mother: I'll do my best until you grow up and head out on your own... You don't have to worry about a thing, all right...?
Narration: *Mom was orphaned so young that her education effectively ended before she left middle school. Determined to keep me from suffering the same hardships, she threw herself into a grueling work schedule.*
Narration: *In the mornings, I left the house with her when she headed out for her part-time job at the cannery.*
Narration: *As we walked together, Mom pushing along the beat-up old bicycle she'd bought used, our neighbors would stare with undisguised hostility and whisper to each other.*
Narration: *"The woman who ran away from the city to ditch her husband."*
Narration: *That was the only name they knew my mother by in that insular little town. When someone said "that woman" in our neighborhood, there was no mistaking who they meant.*
Mother: Good morning...
Narration: *When she greeted them, there was no response.*
Narration: *But once we passed by, we could hear whispers from behind our backs: "What was that? I don't remember becoming her friend."*
Narration: *And if Mom opted for nothing but a silent nod instead, it would be "I can't tell what's going on inside that woman's head."*
Narration: *When you get right down to it, they didn't like having some strange "outsider" and her child in their neighborhood.*
Narration: *The place had that quasi-medieval atmosphere typical of small rural towns; the fact that we'd come from Tokyo seemed to invite hatred. It didn't help that Mom was a single mother with no local ties. We were basically ostracized.*
Narration: *Seasons changed, but the eyes of our neighbors never grew any warmer.*
Narration: *The only locals who welcomed my mother's arrival were the male customers at the snack bar by the station.*
Narration: *That night job must've contributed to her negative reputation as well. *
Narration: *One day, a classmate at school used a word I'd never heard before.*
Narration: *I honestly didn't know what it meant.*
Narration: *So when I got home that afternoon, I asked my mother.*
Yuuji: ...Uhm, somebody told me "your mom's a whore" at school today... What does that mean...?
Mother: .........
Narration: *Sometimes innocence can be crueler than malice.*
Narration: *Meeting my gaze, Mom forced a quavery, defeated smile onto her face and said only "I'm sorry." *
Mother: ...I'm sorry, Yuuji... I'm so sorry...
Narration: *I didn't have the first idea why she was apologizing to me. It was more irritating than anything else. But I did understand that I must've said something I shouldn't have.*
Narration: *"What does Mom have to apologize for, anyway...? She's protecting me, isn't she?"*
Narration: *Mom was working hard to support the two of us. She didn't have a thing to be ashamed of. There was no reason for her to be "sorry."*
Narration: *Even as a child, or maybe exactly because I was a child, I believed that absolutely.*
Narration: *My mother was a kind person, but no one treated her kindly.*
Narration: *She'd finally managed to escape Dad, but she was still apologizing every time she opened her mouth.*
Narration: *Very quickly, I learned to hate the words "I'm sorry."*
Narration: *I wanted to grow up right away.*
Narration: *Watching my mother sacrifice herself to keep me fed was just too frustrating. I needed to become an adult so I could help her too.*
Narration: *At that young age, I was already starting to strain for something like self-sufficiency.*
Narration: *Still, there wasn't much I could actually do to contribute... with the exception of washing the rice and setting our cooker when Mom came home drunk from her bar.*
Narration: *To be honest, my mother wasn't the best cook even when she was sober.*
Narration: *Back when she was living on her own as a hostess with a nocturnal lifestyle, she mainly got by on convenience-store lunches and the snacks her customers bought her at work...*
Narration: *And even after she married and became a mother, we usually ate out or had something delivered. It was pretty rare for her to make an actual meal.*
Narration: *When she told me we were going to cook for ourselves from now on to save money, all I could think was "Wonder how long that's going to last?"*
Narration: *As it turned out, our dinners were mostly canned food Mom took home from her part-time job plopped onto a plate, supplemented by very basic stir-fried or boiled dishes.*
Narration: *And late in the month, as our money ran low waiting for the next paycheck, there were days when we had nothing but fried rice on our table.*
Mother: ...I'm sorry, this is all we have today...
Narration: *It was a shoddy-looking lump of rice with fish paste or frozen vegetables as the only other ingredients.*
Narration: *But I was used to simple food, and I didn't mind the taste. The only thing I hated about those meals was hearing my mother apologize as she put them on the table.*
Narration: *Every time she reflexively muttered "I'm sorry," I thought of all the times she'd said that phrase before - a chain of meaningless words stretching back into the past. It made me sad for reasons I couldn't express.*
Narration: *We carried on like that for a full year.*
Narration: *It definitely wasn't an easy situation, but I tried to lessen my mother's burden by adjusting to our frugal new lifestyle as best I could.*
Narration: *I didn't need anything more.*
Narration: *Well... a decently-sized fridge would've made things a little more convenient.*
Narration: *Not exactly a Charles Dickens novel. Just a humble life.*
Narration: *It wasn't so bad.*
Narration: *I could go through my daily routine without causing problems for someone else; I had enough food that I wouldn't starve. When I was injured or sick, I could go to the doctor.*
Narration: *The two of us just had to scrape along like this for a while. Eventually I'd start working, and we'd be able to afford a little more in the way of luxuries.*
Narration: *But just as that modest hope was starting to take root in my heart, it was ripped away by a terror I'd nearly managed to forget.*
Narration: *―Dad found us again.*
Narration: *He appeared abruptly one evening, just as my mother was putting on her makeup in preparation for her night job at the snack bar.*
Father: Didn't I say I'd track you down!?
Narration: *I had no idea how he discovered our whereabouts.*
Narration: *But at that moment, I was less shocked by my father's sudden arrival than by how dramatically he had changed.*
Narration: *The stench of alcohol wafted from his body, stinging my nose. He'd always been a slender man; now his cheeks were hollow. His clouded eyes, sunken deep in their sockets, reflected the dim electric light with a sickly sheen.*
Narration: *Glaring at the two of us as we stood there in shock, my father pushed his way into the room...*
Narration: *And taking Mom's wallet from her handbag, he pulled out the three 1000-yen bills remaining inside and thrust them toward me.*
Father: Go buy some booze. The strongest you can find...
Narration: *Taking the three bills he'd practically slapped onto my chest, I looked up at my mother with pleading eyes.*
Narration: *"What do we do? What should I do?"*
Narration: *Just say the word. Tell me to fight, and I'll throw myself at him without the slightest hesitation.*
Narration: *Mom answered my unspoken words with the pitifully artificial smile I knew so well.*
Mother: ...I'm sorry, Yuuji. Would you please go buy some alcohol...?
Narration: *That smile made me incredibly sad.*
Narration: *A year earlier, just before Mom and I fled, my father had owed his creditors about 32 million yen.*
Narration: *I have no way of knowing exactly how the man spent that year, but it's probably safe to assume he kept up a less-than-responsible lifestyle...*
Narration: *In fact, it seems he sunk so deeply into self-indulgence that his debt ballooned to many times its original size.*
Narration: *And just to top things off, his latent alcoholism had returned with a vengeance.*
Narration: *The man had ignored us totally for a year after our escape. Why track us down now? What was the point?*
Narration: *I have to assume he was looking for money.*
Narration: *Not that we had any to give him, of course.*
Narration: *Mom had apparently been putting aside what little she could in hopes of sending me to college, but we were struggling just to keep food on the table. Everything we had wouldn't have made a dent in the amount he owed.*
Narration: *It was indescribably frustrating to buy that man alcohol with money Mom and I had saved by pinching every penny.*
Narration: *Still, neither of us knew how to fight back.*
Narration: *As I returned home after buying a two-liter bottle of shochu at the neighborhood supermarket, a grimy little K car parked near our house caught my eye.*
Narration: *On my way out, still reeling from shock, I hadn't even noticed it was there. It must've been the vehicle my father had driven here.*
Narration: *Had he sold off the foreign car he used to own for some quick cash?*
Narration: *Peering in the window as I passed, I could make out a pile of empty chuhai cans and a dirty blanket inside.*
Narration: *My father just might have been living in that thing.*
Narration: *Pathetic.*
Narration: *A man who drove a car like that had sunk his claws into us yet again. What was going to happen to me and Mom now? Even for a child, the thought was enough to prompt a nauseating wave of fear and disgust.*
Narration: *"I hate him... I wish he'd just die..."*
Narration: *The words oozed up from somewhere deep inside me like toxic sludge. A shiver ran down my spine. *
Narration: *When you wish for something like that, it might come back to haunt you someday.*
Narration: *Just like when my sister died... I'll regret it in the end...*
Narration: *"...Regret it?"*
Narration: *Really?*
Narration: *Would I really feel anything if that leech of a man ended up dead?*
Narration: *Just knowing that I'd bought that bottle of alcohol for him, I could barely keep myself from smashing it against the ground. How much could I "regret" the death of someone like him?*
Narration: *"...I don't know..."*
Narration: *I squeezed the bottle of shochu tightly and bit my lower lip, trying to calm down. But in that moment, I heard glass breaking inside the house, and Mom screamed.*
Yuuji: ...Mom...?
Narration: *A bewildering storm of emotions surged through me - uncertainty, fear, anger - but even so, I knew I had to help Mom. Rushing forward in a panic, I burst into the house.*
Father: Heh... heheheh... You're the goose that lays the golden eggs... I'll just... make you squeeze out another genius! Gonna be... back on top in no time... Heheh...
Narration: *When I pushed open the door, I was greeted by the sight of my father, his eyes bloodshot and clouded with madness, forcibly pressing my mother against the ground. His dark reddish penis stood out against her pale naked body.*
Yuuji: M-Mom...
Mother: No, Yuuji! Stay away! Don't look!!
Father: Yuuji! You little shit! You buy that booze like I told you!?
Yuuji: Ah... I...
Father: If you've got it, just leave it there and get lost. Don't come home for a while... Heheheh...
Yuuji: Stop it, Dad... What're you doing to her...?
Father: Shaddup! You want me to kick your ass? Get outta here already! Go play outside, you stupid brat!
Yuuji: Uh...
Mother: Yuuji, go ahead... I'll be fine, okay...?
Father: Hah! What are you, mother of the year? Don't make me fucking laugh! You couldn't even raise your kids worth a damn!
Mother: ...Gyaaah!!
Narration: *Roaring with anger, my father smacked Mom in the face.*
Narration: *Even as she cried out, my mother forced that pathetic excuse for a smile onto her face, her eyes pleading for me to flee.*
Narration: *The bitter taste of helplessness filling my mouth, I left the bottle of alcohol on the tatami mat, turned my back, and ran out the door.*
Narration: *I ran away.*
Narration: *I abandoned my mother.*
Narration: *I couldn't stop him. I was a child. What else was I supposed to do? *
Narration: *The excuses came easily enough, but I was still ashamed of myself. All that talk about helping my mother... In the end, I'd deserted her.*
Narration: *What if something terrible happened to Mom?*
Narration: *Stupid. Something terrible already was happening.*
Narration: *Mom was crying.*
Narration: *She was crying over her own powerlessness.*
Narration: *And I wasn't any different.*
Narration: *Even as I watched Mom suffering, I cringed at my father's rage. And then I ran away without doing a thing. Without even trying.*
Narration: *At this rate, nothing was going to change.*
Narration: *No one was ever going to save us.*
Narration: *Our neighbors hated trouble. They'd probably slam the door in my face if I asked for help.*
Narration: *I thought about going to the police. But if we made this into something serious, we'd end up being forced to move all over again.*
Narration: *Just the thought of it was frustrating.*
Narration: *And the thought of some bored policeman in a dingy little station sneering "Can't you solve your own family squabbles?" was downright infuriating.*
Narration: *What would Kazuki have done at a time like this...?*
Narration: *Of course. She would have used her head and come up with some clever solution to fix everything.*
Narration: *But I was no genius.*
Narration: *Idiots can't solve their problems in one neat stroke.*
Narration: *Still... even an idiot can learn how to blunder their way forward eventually.*
Narration: *Even if it didn't work the first time, we could just look for another chance to run away from Dad.*
Narration: *We'd just have to start over again from square one. As many times as it took.*
Narration: *Holding on to that newfound determination, I stopped in my tracks, then headed back toward the house as fast as I could manage.*
Narration: *I was worried about my mother.*
Narration: *I could see her being beaten. Punched, kicked. Apologizing again and again, answered by more blows.*
Narration: *My imagination urged me on until my legs couldn't keep up. Frustration built inside me with every stride.*
Narration: *By the time I reached home, my heart was pounding like an alarm bell, and my mind was simmering with anger.*
Narration: *I slipped quietly into the house, trying not to give myself away. And inside, I found my mother being raped by my father.*
Narration: *"...Mom..."*
Father: ...Damn, that's tasty... Y'still got one hell of a nice body...
Narration: *The room was filled with a choking animal stink.*
Narration: *The wet slapping of skin against skin reverberated against the walls.*
Narration: *In the light of the setting sun slanting in through the window, I could see my mother's face, limp with defeat. Her eyes were unfocused.*
Narration: *And when I took in the bizarre sight of my father biting into her breasts with an expression of deranged pleasure on his face, the first thought to pop into my head was a childish misunderstanding: "He's eating Mom!"*
Yuuji: Stop it!! Get off her!!
Father: Huh...? Why the hell'd you come back...? Thought I told you t'get lost... Don't mess with me, you stupid fucking brat!!
Narration: *When I jumped forward instinctively to pull Dad away, he hit me with all his strength.*
Narration: *The ruthless backhand blow smashed into the side of my face. As I fell stunned to the ground, I remember feeling some strange object inside my mouth.*
Narration: *The instant I realized it was a fragment of a broken tooth, I lost consciousness.*
Narration: *...When I opened my eyes again, about an hour had passed.*
Narration: *The room had grown dim and my vision was blurry. I could only just make out my mother. Her body covered in filth, she lay perfectly still, completely drained of the will to resist. The man was still raping her.*
Narration: *"...I'll kill him..."*
Narration: *A flash of white-hot anger ran through me.*
Narration: *In an instant, the passive thought "I wish he'd just die" had been transformed into a concrete urge to kill.*
Narration: *Stand up. Fight back.*
Narration: *Nothing was ever going to change if we kept running away.*
Narration: *Nothing was ever going to change unless I changed myself.*
Narration: *No matter how bitter reality might be, I had to face it. I had to fight back. There was no other choice.*
Narration: *"Kill him. Kill him. Kill him. Kill him."*
Narration: *As the words rang out like a siren inside my mind, I reflexively reached out and took the bottle of alcohol, still sitting on the floor where I'd left it.*
Narration: *Fierce anger pulsed through me until it felt like my head would burst. And cutting through it all, I thought I heard my sister's voice.*
Narration: *"Use your right hand for your chopsticks and your pencil. Use your left when you're batting or throwing a ball."*
Narration: *─But which hand do I use for killing someone...?*

Narration: *With my right hand, I lifted the bottle over my father as he grunted and thrusted his hips. And then I swung it down onto the back of his head as hard as I could.*
Father: ...Gwoh!?
Narration: *A jarring impact ran through my arm as glass met skull.*
Narration: *With a tremendous crashing sound, the bottle shattered against my father's head.*
Father: Ngghh... ghh... uhh... gh... uh...
Narration: *Covered in alcohol and jagged fragments of glass, my father let out a few loud groans, then went still.*
Yuuji: ...Mom... Mom, are you okay...? Come on, get up... We have to get out of here...
Narration: *I bent down and helped Mom out from underneath my father's limp body.*
Narration: *I tried to pull her toward the door, but she didn't move. Her face was swollen, covered in vicious dark-red bruises, and her eyes were dull and unfocused.*
Mother: ...Yuu-chan...
Narration: *That was a name my mother used to call me when I was much, much younger.*
Narration: *It was pretty girly, so I didn't really like it at the time. Sometimes it even made me think Mom wanted a girl instead. I remember getting angry every time she used it.*
Yuuji: Mom... Let's get out of here, okay...? This time, we'll go somewhere really far away...
Mother: ...Heh heh... Yes, I suppose so... We'll have to run away again, won't we...?
Narration: *In response to my voice, Mom's mouth curved into a weak, strangely resigned grin.*
Narration: *Somehow, it wasn't quite the same as her usual forced smile.*
Mother: But... just how far do we have to go...? How long do we have to keep running...?
Narration: *As she mumbled those words, her gaze turned to my father, lying quietly on the ground with his back turned to us. He hadn't even twitched since the blow to his head.*
Mother: I'm sorry... You're a good runner, Yuu-chan, so why don't you run away on foot for now? I'm just going to make sure this man won't follow us... You get a head start... I'll catch up later...
Yuuji: ...Mom...
Narration: *Mom slowly picked her battered body up off the floor.*
Narration: *Taking a small drawstring bag, she slipped in our bank book and seal, added the cash left in her wallet, then hung it around my neck. All the money we'd been saving little by little was in that bank account.*
Mother: This is everything we have... so be very careful not to drop it, all right? Hurry up now... Run away...
Yuuji: ...Run? To where?
Narration: *Her mouth again pushing itself into a grin, Mom tilted her head absentmindedly.*
Mother: Well, let's see... For the moment, how about the train station...?
Narration: *As she mumbled those words, her eyes staring vacantly up at the ceiling, I thought I could smell the reek of death wafting from her body.*
Narration: *My mother seemed to be gazing into some far-off place - a place outside the world. I swallowed a wad of spit. It felt like a rock in my throat.*
Mother: ...Are you all right, Yuu-chan? Can you make it on your own?
Narration: *The question frightened me for reasons I didn't understand. I nodded my head vigorously.*
Yuuji: It's fine... I'm not a kid anymore. I can go on my own...
Narration: *When I spoke those words, my mother's face bloomed into a pure, genuine smile.*
Mother: Haha... Really...? In that case... give it a shot on your own, okay...? Come on, get going...
Narration: *It was an innocent expression, a ten-year-old girl's smile. Another jolt of instinctive fear ran through me. I burst out the door and took off toward the station.*
Narration: *I ran, trying to escape my own terror. It followed. I could almost hear its footsteps tapping steadily behind me.*
Narration: *I ran desperately, gulping down air, the world a blur, until finally I was in front of the station. After catching my breath, I sat down on a bench to wait for my mother.*
Narration: *Reaching up to the drawstring bag around my neck, I squeezed it tightly in my hand. A powerful wave of anxiety pressed down on my chest. What were we going to do now?*
Narration: *"It's fine... We'll figure something out..."*
Narration: *I wasn't really convinced of that.*
Narration: *But forcing myself to think "it'll all work out somehow" was the only way I could keep the fear from crushing me under its weight.*
Narration: *I sat there completely alone, listening to the shrill cries of the insects. By the time I looked up at the clock mounted on the side of the station building, it was already past seven. The air was starting to grow uncomfortably cold.*
Narration: *Just as I was beginning to regret not taking my jacket, an ambulance screamed by on the road in front of the station.*
Narration: *The startling wail of the siren instantly fanned the flames of my anxiety. *
Narration: *"Dad must be dead..."*
Narration: *It wouldn't be surprising. After all, I hit him as hard as I could. I was trying to kill him.*
Narration: *I'd murdered my own father.*
Narration: *And then I'd run away and left my mother behind, all by herself.*
Narration: *"What good am I if I can't protect Mom at a time like this? Why was I even born?"*
Narration: *Throwing myself up off the bench, I set out at a sprint back toward our house.*
Narration: *"Hold on, Mom... I'm coming..."*
Narration: *My mother was a weak person. When Kazuki was alive, she'd been indifferent to me.*
Narration: *But I wouldn't exist without her. She gave birth to me; she took me with her when she ran. I owed her everything.*
Narration: *If I ran away now, I'd regret it for the rest of my life.*
Narration: *Much, much more than having killed my own father.*
Narration: *I rushed down the familiar streets that led to our house, wanting nothing more than to see my mother again.*
Narration: *Just like that day, when I'd sprinted all the way to the canning factory to meet her after work.*
Narration: *I ran.*
Narration: *There was an ambulance sitting in front of our house. Many onlookers had gathered around it.*
Narration: *Voices forced their way into my ears.*
Narration: *"Stabbed him with a kitchen knife..."*
Narration: *"Apparently it was a murder-suicide!"*
Narration: *"I heard they found a note?"*
Narration: *"Renting a house just to kill yourself in it... Honestly, a nuisance right to the very end..."*
Narration: *With every whisper, my heart throbbed painfully in my chest.*
Narration: *As I elbowed my way through the crowd, some of the people from the neighborhood noticed me and raised their voices in alarm.*
Narration: *Ignoring their completely superficial words of concern, I made my way to the front door. A man in an EMT vest stopped me.*
Paramedic: What the... Hey, you can't go in there!
Narration: *As I struggled to get past him, two other paramedics made their way outside, carrying a stretcher covered in a white sheet.*
Narration: *A man's arm was hanging limply out the side. A cheap gold watch glinted dully on his wrist.*
Narration: *"Dad really is dead... I killed him..."*
Narration: *I murdered someone.*
Narration: *I murdered my father.*
Narration: *I killed him with my own hands.*
Narration: *For an instant, the world went dark before my eyes.*
Narration: *Dad's corpse was being hauled out of our house like a pile of junk. He'd died a miserable, undignified death.*
Narration: *It was a shock. But at the same time, I felt strangely calm.*
Narration: *I was watching strangers carry my father's body away.*
Narration: *And yet, I felt neither sadness nor pity.*
Narration: *It was exactly what he deserved. Now we'd finally be safe. Those were the only thoughts that came to mind.*
Narration: *The reality of his death hadn't really sunk in. My emotions were spinning around so violently that the centrifugal force had carried off all empathy, leaving a cold vacuum behind.*
Narration: *The faint sound of creaking wood slipped through my ears and echoed in the emptiness of my mind.*
Narration: *"What's that noise...?"*
Narration: *The next thing I saw as I stood stock-still in the doorway was my mother, hanging from a beam in the ceiling.*
Narration: *Even dangling from a rope with her back turned to me, I recognized her instantly. She looked just as she had when I'd bolted out of the house.*
Narration: *The paramedic had his arm around my shoulders. He was trying to drag me out of there. But my eyes were fixed on my mother's corpse, and my feet were rooted to the floor.*
Narration: *Another EMT in the room was reaching up to my mother to try and lower her from the ceiling.*
Narration: *As he grabbed her leg, my mother's body turned suddenly on the rope. Her wide-open eyes met mine. My legs turned to water.*
Yuuji: Ah... aah... ah... aaaah...
Narration: *At first, I couldn't comprehend what I was seeing.*
Narration: *The "person" who had been my mother was now a "thing." An inanimate object.*
Narration: *Some part of me probably understood that, but I didn't know how to process it.*
Narration: *The first thing I felt wasn't grief or pity. It was simply terror - far stronger than any I'd ever known.*
Yuuji: Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *If this is how it was going to end, we never should have run away in the first place.*
Narration: *If this was what was waiting for me, I never should have come back.*
Narration: *But I'd never imagined it could end like this. Not in my worst nightmares.*
Narration: *When I closed my eyes, I could feel the contents of my head spinning violently in circles.*
Narration: *No, it was the world that was spinning.*
Narration: *I was frozen in the very center of Hell, and the Earth was rotating around me.*
Narration: *The world spun, lurching on its tilted axis.*
Narration: *Round and round and round.*
Narration: *My sister could keep her balance no matter how the world swayed. But she was gone.*
Narration: *True despair is a strange thing. It smothers you so completely that you can't even recognize what you're feeling is "despair."*
Narration: *Round and round and round and round.*
Narration: *My eyes wouldn't stop spinning. It was making me sick.*
Narration: *I lost consciousness on the spot.*
Paramedic: Hey! Are you all right, kid!? Hold on!
Narration: *The paramedics took me into custody and brought me to the hospital.*
Narration: *Later, the policeman who came to question me in my bed told me that my mother had left a message behind.*
Narration: *After convincing me to run away, she'd written a note stating "I murdered my husband," then took her own life.*
Narration: *He showed me her final message. The characters were warped and mismatched in size; it was the writing of someone who'd lost their grip on reality.*
Narration: *And at the very end of that note, she'd left me her usual apologies.*
Narration: *“Why did it turn out like this...?  __What did we do to deserve any of this...?  __I'm sorry, Yuu-chan... I'm so sorry...”*
Narration: *Those were my weak-willed mother's final words, written in the last moment before her fear of reality overwhelmed her fear of death.*
Narration: *The policeman told me that my parents' death was being considered a "murder-suicide" motivated by their overwhelming debts.*
Narration: *The paper in my hand was stained with my parents' blood. As I stared down at it, filled with self-loathing at my utter powerlessness, I felt something inside me snap and break.*
JB: .........
Yuuji: ...What's with the long face? None of this is exactly news to you.
JB: Well, yes... but hearing it directly from you is a little different, I suppose...
Yuuji: I don't think a family tragedy or two is anything out of the ordinary in our company.
JB: That's certainly true... Still, the more I think about it, the more you look like a mass of misfortune in the shape of a human being.
Yuuji: You're going a little overboard there. Back then, I thought God hated me in particular, but I grew out of that eventually.
Yuuji: Misery's not exactly hard to find, you know? And everyone gets their share eventually.
Yuuji: I just happened to get a whole lot of it in a row, that's all.
JB: ...That sort of perspective is a luxury you didn't have at the time.
JB: I mean... do you remember when we first met?
Yuuji: Uh, let's see... Not that clearly, to be honest.
JB: Okay then, let's keep going while you work on remembering all that. Want another cup of coffee?
Yuuji: Sure...

Date: *July XX, 2012, 14:02 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Michiru: .........
Sachi: .........
Makina: .........
Yumiko: .........
Amane: .........
Michiru: ...Okay, look, can we stop now?
Amane: Owwwie!
Michiru: Say something already!
Amane: ...Guuh... But... this is just... Yuuji... It's just... Aaaah...
Amane: Uaaah... It's all... It's all my faaault! Uwaaaaaahhh!
Michiru: No! That's not really what I was looking for, okay!? Oh geez, stop crying! Now it looks like I was being a jerk!
Michiru: S-Sachi! C'mon, you say something too!
Sachi: ...Such as?
Michiru: I don't care! Whatever! Speak, speeeeak!
Sachi: Speek's peak, you say...? A mountain in the Netherlands, perhaps? 
Michiru: What the heeeck!? Ahahaha! Silly Sachi! Ahaha! Oh, hah! Hah!
Yumiko: ...Uhm... Matsushima-san? I appreciate that you're trying to lighten the mood, but there's no need to force it...
Michiru: Guh... But I'm a tsundere, dammit!
Makina: You off yer rocker or what? Been hittin' them ramunes a little too hard lately?
Michiru: Ukyaaa! You're the last person I wanna hear that from!!!　
Yumiko: Will you PLEASE just be quiet!?
Michiru: Ah, yeah... S-Showwy...
Yumiko: Still... I knew the facts to some degree, and I'd certainly imagined the details were unpleasant... but this is an even harsher past than I'd imagined.
Makina: Seein' your parents die is pretty dang rough, ya know? Heck, I still see it in my dreams sometimes... Took me five years just ta get back on my feet...
Amane: ...It's all because I ran away and abandoned Kazuki... I destroyed Yuuji's life...
Michiru: How is any of this your fault, Amane!? You really need to stop trying to blame yourself for everything that goes wrong in the world! 
Yumiko: It's not your place to say that, Matsushima-san.
Michiru: I just can't stand it when everybody gets all gloomy like this...
Amane: Yeah, I know... Sorry, Michiru. And thanks...
Michiru: B-But anyway! At least he got adopted by his "master" or whatever after all that, right? He was pretty happy for the rest of his childhood, yeah?
Yumiko: No... Unfortunately not.
Makina: Ah, yeah, Onii-chan told me about this. Didn't he get taken in by some friend of his dad or somethin'?
Yumiko: That's the official story, yes...
Michiru: Does that mean there's an "unofficial" story too...?
Yumiko: Yes. According to the official record, the individual who adopted the orphaned Kazami Yuuji was a man named Kirihara Rei. A dealer in fine art who had been an acquaintance of his father's...
Yumiko: But in reality, Kirihara was an international arms merchant who sold weapons in conflict zones around the world... In fact, an outright terrorist. Or so the rumors say.
Makina: Fer serious...? Holy crap, just how miserable does this Kazami Yuuji guy hafta get before he's satisfied?
Amane: ...And why would a person like that want Yuuji in the first place...?
Yumiko: Your guess is as good as mine. I mean, I was only picking bits and pieces of information out of some very limited sources...
Sachi: ...Perhaps this Kirihara individual had homosexual tendencies... Or rather, was an ardent pedophile of the boy-loving persuasion?
Michiru: Uhhhh, Sachi? What the heck are you talking about? I mean, where did that even come from?
Sachi: Well, Yuu-kun was astonishingly adorable as a child.
Michiru: Okay, look, I don't mind you prettying up your memories of Yuuji or whatever... but seriously, it's not like you're gonna adopt a kid for a reason like that, right?
Sachi: ...Well then, shall we continue?
Michiru: ...Huh?
Sachi: I have here the next section of the document, successfully restored only a moment ago. I'm inquiring as to whether or not we should read it. What do you think?
Michiru: Oh... uhm...
Makina: .........
Yumiko: .........
Amane: .........
Sachi: ...Everyone's fallen silent. Is something the matter?
Michiru: Uh... Well, c'mon... you know...
Sachi: To think Michiru-sama, our self-styled "life of the party," would be reduced to this state... Whatever shall we do?
Sachi: Very well then. In order to lighten this unfortunately heavy mood, Komine Sachi shall now break out a gag...
Michiru: A gag...? Huh? Is this really the time...?
Sachi: Of course. Well then, allow me to present you with the next entry in the "sound-alike series," handed down to me directly from Maki-chan...
Sachi: Friggin' amazing... Manowar an' Manokwari... sound EXACTLY alike...!
Michiru: ...Uh, what?
Makina: Sorry, Sacchin. I'd prob'ly be burstin' out laughin' here normally, but this ain't really the mood for comedy genius...
Date: *July XX, 2012, 14:08 - "Ichigaya"*
Yuuji: ...I'm pretty sure we've been over this a million times before, but I'll summarize for the record...
Yuuji: After killing my father and driving my mother to suicide, I was taken in by a man named Kirihara Rei, a fine-art dealer who'd known my parents...
Yuuji: But I think you know more about "Kirihara's" real identity than I do, right?
JB: Yes, of course. I'm very familiar with him...
Narration: *"I met an interesting man today."*
Narration: *I remember my father telling me that one night when he came home drunk but unusually cheerful.*
Narration: *He'd been introduced by the editor of a quarterly fine arts magazine to a man named "Li Lisheng," although he went by "Kirihara Rei" in Japan.*
Narration: *Kirihara was an art dealer with strong connections in many countries, with numerous celebrities and influential politicians as clients. I first met him well before my family fell apart.*
Narration: *Not long after the name "Kazami Kazuki" began to spread through the world of Japanese art, the man paid a sudden visit to our home to see her work.*
Father: I'm very sorry, Mr. Kirihara. You came all this way to visit, but I'm afraid Kazuki isn't back from school yet...
Kirihara: No, no, not at all. I should be apologizing for dropping by so abruptly...
Kirihara: I'd been wanting to see her work in person for some time now, and today I had the chance to do so. I'm quite satisfied, I assure you.
Father: Coming from someone of your reputation, Mr. Kirihara, it's extremely gratifying to hear that...
Father: But tell me, what did you think? Are my daughter's paintings worth something?
Kirihara: Hahahah, you're quite a frank individual...
Kirihara: In that case, let me be straightforward with you as well. The value of a painting is largely determined by those who want it.
Kirihara: And if I'm being perfectly honest, in certain cases those in my trade almost prefer to deal in works of indeterminate value.
Father: Uh, I see...
Kirihara: I believe I may have already explained this when we dined together, but my line of work is not merely a matter of purchasing paintings and then reselling them.
Kirihara: In fact, the largest part of the job involves "adding value" to the art we obtain...
Kirihara: I look to purchase work from still-unknown artists that seems likely to appreciate in value, then sell at a higher price to those who have "need" of it.
Kirihara: Paintings make ideal gifts, you see. There are always potential buyers to be found.
Kirihara: For example... Yes. Let's say that we sell a painting at a high price to an individual pursuing a particular sort of objective...
Kirihara: This individual in turn presents the painting to a certain personage without requesting any repayment of a financial nature...
Kirihara: Finally, the personage who received the artwork requests our services once more, and we pay handsomely to repurchase it.
Kirihara: And so, as everyone profits slightly in their own way, an objectively "valuable" painting is born. This is the fundamental nature of our process.
Kirihara: All of this is to say that, from my perspective, untouched work from an unknown painter is an ideal purchase precisely because its worth has yet to be established...
Kirihara: Well then, why not simply trade in the scribblings of children? A logical question, but it doesn't pay to be too blatant about these things.
Kirihara: And on that point, your daughter's work has more than enough appeal to attract the viewer's eye.
Kirihara: At the moment, she's too obscure to attract many buyers, but that's exactly what interests me. I prefer to purchase my chickens before they hatch.
Father: So then... Er... Roughly speaking, how much do you think my daughter's paintings might go for...?
Kirihara: Hahaha. The price is set by the seller, so they can "go for" as much as you like.
Kirihara: There are too many unknowns for me to provide an exact sum at the moment, but based on my intuition as a man who's been in this business for many years, I would estimate their value in the tens of millions of yen.
Father: Th-Thank you very much!!
Narration: *That day, after going home at my own pace because I didn't have any friends to play with or any reason to rush back, I just so happened to overhear their conversation from the hallway.*
Narration: *In a way, it was kind of comical to see my father submissively bowing and scraping like a grasshopper, considering his usual I-am-God-almighty act...*
Narration: *But mostly, I remember thinking "Is this really how adults who make a living in art talk?" It was so nakedly cynical that I was too amazed to even feel disgust.*
Narration: *Unable to bring myself to walk past the open living room door, I stood awkwardly in the passage waiting for the conversation to end. But somehow, Kirihara noticed my presence. He was a sharp-eyed man.*
Kirihara: ...Oh?
Narration: *His gaze stuck to me like glue.*
Narration: *Kirihara's eyes were calm, yet somehow they reminded me of a carnivorous animal tracking its prey. A chill ran down my spine; my tongue refused to move. It was all I could do to bow my head quickly in his direction.*
Kirihara: And who would this young man be?
Father: Uh, well... Kazuki's little brother. His name is Yuuji.
Kirihara: Hmm. Interesting, very interesting...
Narration: *I didn't understand what that was supposed to mean.*
Narration: *In retrospect, there might not have been any meaning there to find.*
Narration: *The man named Kirihara, gazing down at me with appraising eyes, slipped a hand into the breast of his suit and in one smooth motion withdrew a gleaming golden cigarette case.*
Father: Ah...
Narration: *As soon as my father noticed what Kirihara was holding, he hurriedly reached into his own suit in search of a lighter.*
Kirihara: Thank you, but I don't need a light...
Narration: *When he opened the lid of his case, the clear tones of a tinkling music box began to flow out from inside.*
Kirihara: I'm not partial to cigarettes. Do you like chocolates, little boy?
Narration: *Smiling brightly, he took an expensive-looking piece of chocolate out of the case.*
Narration: *Embarrassed to be offered candy by an unfamiliar adult and discomforted by the fact that I couldn't turn him down without being rude, I felt my ears growing hot with shame.*
Yuuji: Thank you very much...
Narration: *As I accepted the chocolate from Kirihara, I saw my father scowl.*
Narration: *He wasn't upset I'd taken the man's present. It seemed more like bitter disappointment that I'd come home instead of Kazuki.*
Narration: *Unable to endure his gaze, I bowed my head a second time, then turned around and fled to my room.*
Kirihara: ...A charming child. Does he also paint?
Father: No, no, nothing of the sort. That boy's completely devoid of artistic talent, I'm afraid...
Narration: *I was used to hearing my father call me "that boy" with derision in his voice, and to having people say "we're not expecting anything of you" to my face.*
Narration: *That was just how adults were. To them, children were just toys or tools. I'd resigned myself to that.*
Narration: *And I was a useless tool. A defective plaything.*
Narration: *Every time that man named Kirihara came to our house, he would send strange glances in my direction.*
Narration: *Something about the way he looked at me was definitely different from the other adults I'd met so far.*
Narration: *Even at the time, I vaguely sensed the desire in his eyes, and it made me uncomfortable. Somehow, it didn't seem like the way an adult should look at a child.*
Narration: *But even so, he brought me presents every time he visited, so I never really went out of my way to avoid him. I was a little too innocent for my own good.*
Kirihara: You didn't particularly enjoy today's present either, hmm?
Yuuji: ...No, I really liked it...
Kirihara: It's fine, I'm not upset. Keep your secrets, Yuuji-kun, but don't lie. I want to learn more about you.
Narration: *As Kirihara looked down at me with cool condescension in his eyes, I felt an instinctive twinge of fear.*
Kirihara: ...Which are you, I wonder?
Yuuji: ...?
Kirihara: The vast majority of children, Yuuji-kun, can be classified into one of two types...
Kirihara: Those who yearn to be free, and those who prefer to be shackled.
Kirihara: Which are you..?
Yuuji: I don't know...
Kirihara: The latter, then.
Narration: *At the time, I didn't understand what Kirihara was talking about, and I wasn't interested in trying to understand.*
Narration: *That didn't change even after he "adopted" me.*
Narration: *After witnessing the death of my parents, I withdrew completely into myself. When Kirihara came for me in the hospital, I was already a shell of a person.*
Narration: *As a child with no living guardians, I didn't have much say in choosing my destination. But more importantly, I'd lost the willpower necessary to even care.*
Kirihara: Hahaha! It suits you perfectly, doesn't it, Yuuji?
Yuuji: .........
Kirihara: You're as quiet as always, eh...? Then again, I suppose that's part of what makes you so appealing...
Narration: *"You really do have a face like a girl's, don't you?"*
Narration: *On a whim, Kirihara dressed me up in female clothes. He liked the effect so much that from that day on I was given nothing else.*
Narration: *Still, it was better than being beaten.*
Narration: *Being forced to wear girls' clothing didn't bother me much.*
Narration: *In any case, it's not like I could've resisted.*
Narration: *A child can't survive alone.*
Narration: *I had food. I had walls and a roof over my head. My clothes were fluttery girly things, but they kept me warm enough.*
Narration: *There wasn't any problem.*
Kirihara: You truly are adorable, Yuuji...
Narration: *Kirihara loved dressing me up like a doll and sitting me on his lap.*
Narration: *Lacking the will to object, I did exactly what he wanted.*
Narration: *In those days, I was completely hollow. I couldn't muster the energy to speak. Kirihara's caresses didn't even register as unpleasant.*
Narration: *"Emptiness" might be another word for absolute emotional overload. Even to myself, it was eerie how calm I felt.*
Narration: *My mind was so deeply scarred that I'd lost all interest in life and death alike. No matter what happened, I just couldn't manage to care.*
Narration: *I was nothing but a defective toy that had been picked off the trash heap.*
Narration: *Kirihara treated me well so long as I was obedient.*
Narration: *I didn't say a single word, but it never seemed to make him angry.*
Narration: *As if to compensate for my silence, Kirihara would talk constantly.*
Kirihara: ...This country has become such a profoundly boring place...
Kirihara: No, I suppose it's not just this country, is it...? The world was such a fun place back in 1974. Almost like a single giant amusement park...
Narration: *I listened silently to Kirihara's words, but as always, they were incomprehensible.*
Narration: *Then again, it's not as if he seemed particularly interested in helping me understand.*
Narration: *I was an object to him. A living toy.*
Narration: *For Kirihara Rei, interacting with me was the equivalent of playing with a doll.*
Narration: *It wasn't so bad at first, when I simply had to endure the attentions of a man who saw children as nothing but outlets for his desires.*
Narration: *As long as I kept still and didn't snarl or bare my teeth, I could sleepwalk peacefully through whatever remained of my life.*
Narration: *It's not that I didn't understand what was going on.*
Narration: *I simply chose to accept it.*
Narration: *That is, until the day when my unconscious mind rebelled.*
Narration: *Kirihara's mansion was often host to a number of adult "house guests" who always seemed to be coming and going.*
Narration: *One of those men came by on a day when Kirihara was out, taking advantage of the owner's absence to lay hands on his "toy." *
Narration: *He was a small man, but so fat he appeared nearly circular. I never saw anything other than a crude sneer on his ugly, drooping face; there were always dark bags under his eyes. A two-bit lowlife straight out of central casting.*
Narration: *And as I discovered, he was also a genuine sadist. From what he said that day, it seems he'd had his eye on me for some time.*
Narration: *I suppose the way I silently accepted anything and everything made me an appealing target. He warned me not to tell anyone, then began to viciously abuse me, as if to vent all his accumulated frustration and rage.*
Narration: *Utterly selfish acts of violence, directed only toward the weak and powerless.*
Narration: *The nauseatingly unpleasant smell of high-priced cologne.*
Narration: *The gold watch on his wrist.*
Narration: *Everything about that man, everything he said and did and was, reminded me of my father.*
Narration: *The instant I realized that, memories began to flash before my eyes.*
Narration: *I'd sealed it all away, made a conscious effort to forget. By deliberately emptying my mind, I'd found a kind of peace. But that man violently pulled everything back to the surface.*
Narration: *I don't remember what happened next very clearly.*
Narration: *The man was breathing roughly, his face shining with greasy sweat. I reached out reflexively with my right hand, grabbed a nearby pen, and stabbed it into his eye.*
Narration: *His scream rattled against my eardrums.*
Narration: *It was a sound like the shriek of a pig on the slaughtering line, but I don't remember it inspiring any particular emotion.*
Narration: *The only thing that mattered was the voice ringing out in my head: "Kill."*
Narration: *My entire body was burning with heat.*
Narration: *Unable to endure it, I tore off the dress Kirihara had given me, then looked around the room.*
Narration: *"Isn't there anything in here I can hit him with?"*
Narration: *Catching sight of a vase full of red flowers I couldn't even name, I dragged myself sluggishly off the ground and seized it with my right hand.*
Narration: *"Have to kill him..."*
Narration: *As the man writhed in agony on the floor, clutching his ruined left eye with both hands, I struck his head with the vase.*
Narration: *The impact traveled through my arm and resounded pleasantly in my brain. It felt as if my heart itself was quivering.*
Narration: *Basking in the sensation of hurting someone, I felt the corners of my mouth twitch upwards.*
Narration: *A smile.*
Narration: *Of course. I was smiling.*
Narration: *Felt like a very long time since that had happened.*
Narration: *At some point, I noticed the gentle tinkling of a music box.*
Narration: *I turned toward the sound. Kirihara Rei was standing at the door.*
Narration: *When had he returned?*
Narration: *I'd killed one of Kirihara's guests.*
Narration: *He might get angry at me this time.*
Narration: *Well, whatever happens happens.*
Narration: *I didn't care anymore. I just didn't care.*
Narration: *As the music box's tune echoed against the walls, Kirihara took a piece of chocolate from his cigarette case, silently put it into his mouth, and glanced down at the man on the floor.*
Kirihara: ...Did you kill him?
Narration: *For a moment, I couldn't understand the meaning of his question.*
Narration: *I'd killed that man.*
Narration: *I'd killed once again.*
Narration: *My right arm had moved more easily the second time round.*
Narration: *In any case, it was probably my turn next.*
Narration: *Kirihara would kill me here and now.*
Narration: *Oh well. What can you do?*
Narration: *It's not like there was any point to my life in the first place.*
Narration: *But for some reason, Kirihara was smiling.*
Narration: *As if to say "Look at the mess you've made."*
Narration: *It was the halfhearted disapproval of a man whose beloved pet had stained the living room carpet.*
Narration: *A wry, almost amused smile.*
Narration: *Still sucking on his chocolate, Kirihara surveyed the chaotic interior of the room. When his gaze returned to me, standing there drenched in blood, he burst into raucous laughter.*
Kirihara: Hahahahaha! Not half-bad, Yuuji! You're an interesting one!
Narration: *"Are you that afraid of death?"*
Narration: *"Better to kill someone than allow yourself to die, hmm?"*
Narration: *"Even with nothing to live for, you resist dying so strongly?"*
Kirihara: But it's all right, Yuuji. You made the proper choice. Self-preservation is an entirely natural and commendable instinct.
Yuuji: You're... not angry...?
Kirihara: Oho, I haven't heard your voice in a while... Did killing a human being pull that broken mind of yours into a somewhat more functional state? Come here, Yuuji.
Narration: *"I'll give you a chocolate."*
Narration: *Kirihara beckoned to me with his hand, then sat me down on his lap as always.*
Kirihara: ...It's all right, I'm not upset with you. I hated that man as well. I'd been meaning to kill him when I had a little spare time, but I've just been so busy these days...
Kirihara: You took care of that for me, so if anything, I should be thanking you. Nicely done, Yuuji.
Narration: *The man was smiling.*
Narration: *There was real joy in his face. It was the irrepressible glee of a man who'd discovered an unexpected use for a toy he'd thought purely ornamental.*
Kirihara: Okay, Yuuji. Let's get you more practice. I'm certain you'll make a truly superior tool.
Yuuji: ...A superior... tool...?
Kirihara: Yes. Once you've been properly tutored by an appropriate trainer, you should be exceptionally useful to me.
Kirihara: Or perhaps you'd prefer to keep living like a pampered pet? Less stressful, I suppose.
Yuuji: ...I don't know...
Kirihara: Of course you don't. Silly of me to ask. I'm the one who made you this way, after all...
Kirihara: Well, you're hardly living anything that could be described as a "life" either way, so why not give it a try, hmm? Think of it as a way of repaying the man who took you in out of the goodness of his heart.
Yuuji: ...Okay...
Narration: *Come to think of it, he was completely right. A life like this wasn't any different than being dead.*
Narration: *If I was going to make a nuisance of myself by continuing to exist, might as well try to be useful somehow.*
Narration: *It was hard to imagine the likes of me being good for much. But it couldn't hurt to give it a try.*
Narration: *I accepted without a second thought.*
Narration: *―About a week later, Kirihara led me by the hand onto a small airplane that carried us overseas.*
Narration: *I don't know what country we landed in.*
Narration: *All I know for sure is that it was a very cold place.*
Narration: *In that country, Kirihara was known as "Heath Oslo," and he told me to call him by that name as well.*
Narration: *I didn't know why, but I agreed easily enough. It's not as if I'd ever addressed him by name before, and I wasn't planning to start, so it hardly mattered either way.*
Narration: *Oslo gave me warm clothes, then brought me by car to a desolate rural town, spreading out 1.5 kilometers in three directions. At the center of that T stood a small school.*
Narration: *It was an "occupational training" facility that Oslo had established as a personal investment. A school where you could learn various practical skills, beginning with "manufacturing."*
Narration: *Li Lisheng, Kirihara Rei, Heath Oslo.*
Narration: *He was a man of many names and many faces.*
Narration: *Although I had some vague idea at the time, it was only significantly later that I learned his actual profession was "terrorism."*
Narration: *The "school" Oslo had taken me to was nothing less than a terrorist training organization under his direct control.*
Narration: *Having unintentionally revealed a talent for brutality, I was to receive an education in the art of murder as Heath Oslo's personal pawn.*
Oslo: There are lots of children here who've lost their parents, just like you. I'm sure you'll get along. But even if there's someone you don't like, you can't kill them, all right?
Yuuji: ...Okay...
Narration: *Just as Oslo said, there were many children of many races in that school whose circumstances were similar to mine.*
Narration: *The majority of the "students" were visibly emaciated, and every one of them had the eyes of a starving animal.*
Narration: *For the most part, the children kept their distance from each other and focused on the assignments. We were graded competitively on our performance to determine our relative talent in various fields.*
Narration: *Our initial instruction in the use of machine tools wasn't so different from what you'd get in a real vocational school, but...*
Narration: *It wasn't long before they started us on a brutal physical training regimen. By the time we began learning how to make pipe bombs from easily-obtained materials, it was more obvious than ever that this wasn't a "normal" place.*
Oslo: Having fun at school?
Yuuji: Yes...
Narration: *As ever, Oslo was busily flying around the world, but he occasionally made time to drop by and check up on me.*
Narration: *I was "Heath Oslo's pet."*
Narration: *And there were more than a few people who begrudged me that position.*
Narration: *In any group, those who're singled out as "special" will earn their share of envy, no matter what the circumstances.*
Narration: *I could understand the feeling. I'd felt the same way about the attention Kazuki earned within our family.*
Narration: *That tension with my "classmates" sometimes even led to unprovoked outbursts of violence, but I had no choice other than to passively accept the situation.*
Narration: *Within an organized group, any individual's failures are everyone's responsibility.*
Narration: *A poor performance inconveniences everyone around you. Incompetence won't win you many friends.*
Narration: *But the opposite's also true; the nail that sticks out gets hammered down.*
Narration: *When it came to our training, I definitely wasn't in the former category...*
Narration: *Since this was all I had, the only thing I was good for, I was able to concentrate fiercely on any task, and I think my results were always at least respectable.*
Narration: *Among our numerous fields of "study," marksmanship was a particular speciality of mine - especially at long range. When we trained at sniping using assault rifles, I'd sometimes earn the top daily score.*
Narration: *I could do most things if I tried hard enough, and I always tried hard. But that only added to the antipathy the others felt for me.*
Narration: *After all, it was a "school" full of people who'd fallen out of society, misshapen puzzle pieces with no place in the world. In that place, the "successful" always inspired jealousy and hatred.*
Narration: *"Don't get full of yourself just because Oslo likes you."*
Narration: *Rather than saying it out loud, my classmates communicated their message by taking advantage of our training to harass me.*
Narration: *"Sniping? So what? The gun's doing all the work for you."*
Narration: *When it was time for hand-to-hand combat training, my opponents lunged at me as soon as the instructor shouted "Begin!", each attack an embodiment of their spite.*
Narration: *At the time, I was inexperienced and extremely nervous. My opponents' determined and confident movements made them appear larger than they were; often, I misjudged their approach and took a heavy body blow right off the bat.*
Narration: *Since I was small and inferior in physique, unless I could endure that first attack, I'd be pinned to the ground in the blink of an eye.*
Narration: *Even worse was the time my opponent feigned a body blow and went for an elbow to the face. When the "thud" of impact registered, stars exploded before my eyes, and my vision shut off as if someone had thrown a switch.*
Narration: *I had time to realize I was in deep trouble, but my brain was too busy rattling around my skull to think up a plan B.*
Narration: *Hazily holding on to consciousness, fighting to stay standing, I was rewarded by my opponent taking hold of my head and smacking his knee into my face like some pro-wrestler landing a "finishing move."*
Narration: *The shock shot through my head like a bullet.*
Narration: *By the time I realized the trouble I was in, I was already feeling the ground against my cheek...*
Narration: *And with the strange sensation of sand pushing its way into my earhole, I realized that my opponent was grinding his foot down on my head.*
Narration: *As my skull creaked under my "classmate's" shoe, our instructor finally stepped in to halt the match.*
Narration: *After temporarily separating us, he asked if I could continue, a question to which there was only one possible answer. I stood up, wiping the blood dripping from my nose with the back of my hand.*
Narration: *I knew why I'd failed. I never should have tried to take his rush head-on.*
Narration: *When the instructor shouted "Begin" for the second time, I quickly started throwing jabs I knew wouldn't hit, carefully measuring the distance between us. The equivalent of firing test shots to zero a rifle.*
Narration: *Once I had a solid grasp of the space separating us, I began to move quickly around him, swaying from side to side, imitating a sniper unpredictably changing location after every shot.*
Narration: *It was more effective than I'd hoped.*
Narration: *Whether you're sniping or fist-fighting, circling swiftly around a stationary central target makes it extremely hard for them to land an effective shot.*
Narration: *I mixed feints into my pattern of attack, trying to create an opportunity to close the distance, but my opponent was much larger than me. His reach was too long.*
Narration: *I was basically pointing a handgun at a cannon. If he landed a single solid punch on me before I got in range, my advantage would instantly be reversed. *
Narration: *Once he had me in a slugging match, nothing I could do would prevent a massacre. The best I could manage was to stay in constant motion - to keep myself from carelessly hesitating and taking that first fatal hit.*
Narration: *Keep moving. Always stay diagonal to your opponent. It took a full week for me to learn those basic lessons, and even afterwards, I usually left the daily hand-to-hand sessions battered and bruised.*
Narration: *That day, too, the sparring ended with me beaten black and blue. Lying flat on the ground with my limbs spread wide, I felt the Earth rotating underneath me.*
Girl: ...Are you all right? Let me see your injuries...
Narration: *Probably sympathizing with the way I passively endured those one-sided beatings, a young woman approached me with a first-aid kit in her hands.*
Narration: *I can't remember her face very well after all this time, but I'm pretty sure her name was "Marin."*
Narration: *She didn't have any memories of her past.*
Narration: *Not where she'd come from, not why she was in this school, not what she'd be doing next...*
Narration: *But then again, I was just as blind to my own future.*
Narration: *I didn't get the feeling that Marin pitied me because of our similarities. Still, for whatever reason, she helped me out many times after that day.*
Narration: *When I was injured in training, she treated my wounds. When I lost a fight and had to run through dinner as a penalty, she set aside her food and shared it with me.*
Narration: *Even in a place like that, full of twisted outcasts, there were some people who showed kindness to others. Looking at it that way... maybe it's too early to give up on the world entirely.*
Narration: *Not everyone's a saint, but we're not all villains either. The strong might get ahead, but even a weakling like me could find a helping hand.*
Narration: *There are plenty of bastards out there I'll never get along with, but every once in a while I can find someone who's willing to put up with me.*
Narration: *That's the way it is for everyone. I'm not going to complain.*
Narration: *At times, I'd find myself remembering something Kazuki told me once.*
Kazuki: Listen, Yuuji, it's foolish to think that getting rid of everything you don't like would make the world a perfect place. The only people who can get away with acting like that are small children and tyrannical dictators.
Kazuki: Then again, you're only a grade-schooler, so I suppose screaming and wailing until someone fixes your problems for you might still be a valid option. But I simply won't accept such behavior from my own brother.
Kazuki: If you call yourself my brother, then try to actually do something before you start complaining.
Kazuki: However, when you run into a problem you simply can't solve, I'll step in and take care of it somehow or other. Aren't you glad to have me as a big sister? Come on, where's my "Thank you, Onee-chan?"
Yuuji: ...Thank you, Onee-chan...
Narration: *Right. When Kazuki was alive, I could try anything I wanted. I was allowed to fail.*
Narration: *But without her, I'd lost that safety net.*
Narration: *I could cry all I wanted, but Kazuki wouldn't hear me. I had to do everything by myself now.*
Narration: *Counting on others would get you betrayed. Hoping for the best would leave you disappointed. You were the only thing you could truly rely on, and sometimes you had to distrust even yourself. That's the sort of place this was.*
Narration: *There were strange things going on in that "school."*
Narration: *People were always disappearing with no explanation, and sometimes the most rebellious students would abruptly become completely passive and docile, as if their personality had transformed overnight.*
Narration: *The opposite wasn't uncommon either - timid, quiet kids becoming strangely aggressive for no reason. There were all sorts of suspicious incidents along those lines.*
Narration: *But this place had been suspicious enough from the start, and at this point, our classes were covering things you can't read about in any textbook.*
Narration: *This school was a machine for the creation of terrorists. We were just the raw materials.*
Narration: *Every once in a while, I'd receive special lessons directly from Heath Oslo himself.*
Oslo: Now then, Yuuji... We typically associate the word "assassin" with a killer who uses firearms in particular. But really, what logic is there to that?
Narration: *"Field-stripping" was the topic of the lesson that day.*
Narration: *After thoroughly disassembling an automatic rifle, I was to line up its pieces neatly on the ground, and then accurately reassemble them as quickly as possible. Oslo had begun to speak as I quietly set at the task.*
Oslo: I'll teach you the basics, of course. Useful to know when you encounter armed opponents. But there's no reason for you yourself to use something as inelegant as a gun.
Oslo: Run out of bullets, and a rifle's nothing but an awkward club. Don't allow yourself to become dependent on such things. Nothing beats a good sharp blade...
Oslo: No, there's no real need for it to be a "blade," is there? Essentially, anything sharp will do...
Narration: *With those words, Heath Oslo pulled me away from the lesson to train in knife combat, his own personal specialty.*
Narration: *The most primitive method of murder. The means to experience the sensation of taking a life in the most direct possible way.*
Narration: *He drilled that knowledge into me with single-minded zeal.*
Narration: *And as we trained, he laid bare my mental weakness as well.*
Oslo: Yuuji... You're too kind-hearted to survive in a world like this...
Oslo: Your unconscious self is so vicious... Your raw instincts are so selfish... Why do you insist on hiding them?
Oslo: It's kill or be killed. Therefore, kill your enemies before they can kill you. That's the one and only rule you need live by.
Oslo: If you don't want to die, then you have no choice. Take one step out into the world and you're surrounded by adversaries. Surely you understand that? After all, even your family was an enemy to you.
Oslo: And how have you survived this long? By killing your enemies.
Oslo: Survival is justice. Living itself has no significance. Only killing gives us meaning.
Oslo: I'm the only ally you have. Everyone other than me is your enemy, you understand?
Oslo: Kill them before they kill you. Come back to me alive. That's all. Simple enough, isn't it?
Narration: *His words were a curse laid carefully on my heart.*
Narration: *There was no contact with the outside. No information entered that place. Not truth, not even lies.*
Narration: *And at the center of this sealed-off little world, there was always Heath Oslo. His words were absolute, unquestionable, and I was a faithful toy that moved mechanically in response to his orders.*
Narration: *At some point, I began receiving experimental medications at a military research laboratory Oslo apparently owned.*
Narration: *As I grew used to fending for myself in the harsh environment of the training camp, I grew stronger, tougher in mind and body.*
Narration: *In the mountain winter, I learned the rough fortitude necessary to eat when there was no food to be had.*
Narration: *From my lessons, I learned how to make bombs that couldn't easily be defused.*
Narration: *I learned how to parachute and scuba dive so I could infiltrate any target under any circumstances.*
Narration: *And locked inside a wooden box with nothing but a single cup of water, I learned how to endure suffering.*
Narration: *When my battered body reached its limits, they used drugs to force me back to my feet.*
Narration: *Killing people efficiently requires thorough knowledge of how the human body is constructed, so naturally my lessons also included the dissection of human corpses.*
Narration: *Heath Oslo seemed pleased with my efforts.*
Oslo: Excellent, Yuuji! You really are adorable! I'm truly glad I got to know that piece of trash father of yours. It was more than worth it to get my hands on you, Kazami Yuuji! You're superb!
Narration: *Clapping his hands together, Oslo lavished praise on me.*
Narration: *Being complimented made me happy.*
Narration: *It might have been the first time I heard words like that from anyone other than my sister or mother.*
Narration: *I'd never been praised by an adult man before. Not even once.*
Narration: *Even my own father hadn't given me a single compliment.*
Narration: *Before I knew it, I was fighting back tears.*
Narration: *To be perfectly honest, Oslo's words had become a source of emotional support for me at the time.*
Narration: *I wanted to be praised.*
Narration: *With that simple motivation, I threw myself into my tasks.*
Narration: *This was all I was good for.*
Narration: *There wasn't anything else about me worth complimenting.*
Narration: *It was the only way I could be useful.*
Narration: *Not that I understood how I was being "useful," or for what purpose.*
Narration: *If I tried to think about it, my head would start hurting.*
Narration: *Might have had something to do with those new drugs Oslo was injecting me with.*
Narration: *Whatever the case, after about six months at that school, I was no longer worrying myself too much about the details.*
Oslo: Kazami Yuuji's results look quite promising, don't they...
Narration: *According to the data gathered by the technicians at Oslo's research facility, I'd produced above-average results in a remarkably brief period of time.*
Narration: *The researchers seemed to believe it was an effect of the experimental drugs they had administered, but Oslo himself was convinced my "natural talent" had simply come to the surface.*
Narration: *Either way, they decided I was ready for my final test - the so-called "graduation exam."*
Narration: *On that day, I was presented with my final lesson in hand-to-hand combat.*
Narration: *The test was extremely simple. I'd pass as long as I brought about the death of my opponent. There weren't any other rules.*
Narration: *And in an ugly twist of fate, that opponent was Marin.*
Narration: *No... "fate" probably wasn't involved, in retrospect. I imagine they deliberately paired us off with our most intimate friend in the facility, as a way of forcing us to gain the resolve to sacrifice everything for our objective.*
Narration: *In this place, when you had a bad feeling about something, it was usually realized. That was how it was designed.*
Oslo: You sent your parents to the grave with your own two hands. Killing an acquaintance or two is hardly anything to get worked up about, is it?
Narration: *It was true enough. No use trying to lie to myself - I was a killer.*
Narration: *In the first place, it wasn't exactly uncommon for students to die over the course of their training.*
Narration: *Not to mention the casualties from spontaneous fights and "punishments" inflicted by groups of fellow students.*
Narration: *Just the previous week, there'd been a guy who was bullied so badly over his poor results that he hung himself in the practice room.*
Narration: *And then there was the new kid who made a habit of wandering the halls at night moaning loudly. Guess he got the attention of our "veterans." Someone found him in the bathroom one morning with his face still submerged in a toilet.*
Narration: *In this place, the wall separating life from death was thin and fragile.*
Narration: *But even so... killing someone we'd lived with for months in cold blood was a different story.*
Narration: *Even if we didn't have anything in the way of "team spirit," murdering a person you've gotten to know is even more difficult than you might imagine.*
Narration: *Therefore, our instructors gave all the graduation candidates a stimulant, telling us it was a drug that would sharpen our kinetic vision and boost our reflexes.*
Narration: *The results varied widely.*
Narration: *Some people became so agitated they could barely sit still, snapping into pointless rages over things that normally wouldn't bother them, snarling curses and death threats at the slightest provocation...*
Narration: *But others, overloaded with sensory excitement, actually seemed unnaturally calm.*
Narration: *I suppose I was in the latter group.*
Narration: *And Marin, my opponent, was definitely in the former.*
Narration: *In any case, they said I needed to kill her if I wanted to graduate, so that was what I'd have to do.*
Narration: *Focusing as best I could through the drug-induced haze, I faced off against my classmate.*
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *As the two of us faced off, I couldn't find anything to say to the person I was about to fight to the death.*
Narration: *Maybe it was the same for Marin. Or maybe she no longer even cared.*
Narration: *Most likely, it was the latter. Even if the girl standing in front of me was technically "Marin," something else was controlling her mind now.*
Narration: *Her eyes, darting restlessly back and forth, probably weren't seeing anything more than "an enemy" in front of her.*
Marin: Haa... haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *Marin breathed in rough, quick gasps, as if to expel the heat gathering inside her body. It was obvious at a glance how agitated she was.*
Narration: *There was no referee for this "match."*
Narration: *No instructor to shout "begin" or "that's enough."*
Narration: *It wouldn't end until one of us was dead.*
Marin: ...Haaah!!
Narration: *Spitting out her red-hot anger in a scream, Marin suddenly threw herself forward.*
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *She surged toward me, her limbs outstretched to the limit, cutting through the air.*
Narration: *She put her weight on her left leg, twisting the upper half of her body to balance herself.*
Narration: *She swung her right leg with all her strength, viciously, not even considering the possibility of a counterattack.*
Narration: *I could see all of it, every movement flowing into the next, as if I was watching a slow-motion film.*
Narration: *Marin's knee shot out, and in the next moment her leg curved upward, toes stretching toward my face.*
Narration: *Not an easy kick to defend, given that quick transition from a straight-forward jab to an arcing trajectory, but I'd seen it many times in training. Her precise execution actually made it easier to anticipate.*
Yuuji: ...!!!
Narration: *I raised my guard, shielding my face, chin, and neck. Marin's right leg instantly smacked against my crossed arms.*
Yuuji: Guh...!?
Narration: *Marin's kick was heavier than I'd expected. Her pivot leg turned sharply in the opposite direction with the force of delivering it; my arms screamed from the impact.*
Narration: *In the same instant, she twisted her leg violently to slip around my defense, striking the back of my head with her toes. For a moment, my vision went blurry.*
Narration: *Probably another effect of the drugs - Marin showed absolutely no hesitation, even delivering a kick that could easily have left her leg broken and useless.*
Narration: *But it wasn't anything worth worrying about.*
Narration: *In physical strength, reaction speed, and tactical judgment alike, I was significantly superior to Marin.*
Narration: *I just had to take her first attack, then land an accurate counter. That was all.*
Narration: *"Sorry about this, Marin..."*
Narration: *The kick had left her perched on one awkwardly planted leg. An apology to the young woman who'd been kind to me echoing through my mind, I twisted my body and drove my right knee at her before she could regain her balance.*
Narration: *My kneecap slammed into Marin's face. Something gave way; I must have shattered her nasal bones.*
Narration: *Stimulated by the impact, I felt a wave of energy surge through every muscle in my body.*
Marin: ...Uh... Ghh...!
Narration: *Marin's body swayed and wobbled like a spinning top running out of momentum.*
Narration: *If she collapsed now, it would be easy enough to finish this.*
Narration: *She couldn't be thinking too clearly after taking that sort of a hit to the head. There wasn't much risk of her luring me in and going for a grappling move.*
Narration: *And yet...*
Marin: Guh... fhh... Aaaah!
Narration: *Marin didn't fall.*
Narration: *With a fierce scream, she forcibly tied her fading consciousness to reality through sheer force of will.*
Yuuji: ...Damn it!
Narration: *Her arm lashed out reflexively, lightly grazing my right temple.*
Narration: *It was such a wild lunge that it was hard to imagine how she expected to hit me. Maybe she was moving on pure instinct by now.*
Narration: *Just like before, there was no sign she was even considering defense.*
Narration: *I spun easily around to her unguarded right flank and landed another knee strike.*
Marin: ...Gwah!!
Narration: *The blow landed so deeply I could feel Marin's kidney twitch and curl up inside her. Her abdominal muscles contracted sharply. It was obvious she hadn't been remotely prepared to take that hit.*
Narration: *A kick like that hurts so badly it feels like someone's jabbed a knife into your internal organs.*
Narration: *I'd experienced it myself more than once. The instant that pain registers, the world goes pure white. You instinctively grab your side and fall to your knees.*
Narration: *If your kidneys swell up from the blow, you'll quickly develop a severe glycogen deficiency. As the nerves in your internal organs are paralyzed, even breathing becomes difficult. Your face goes deadly pale from cyanosis.*
Narration: *And in reality, Marin was already gasping for breath, her mouth open wide. It didn't help that her nasal cavity was completely blocked with blood.*
Narration: *Instinctively stooped over to protect her stomach, chin thrust out defenselessly as she gulped down oxygen, the girl almost seemed to be asking for a finishing blow.*
Yuuji: ...!!!
Narration: *"...I'll put you out of your misery."*
Narration: *With that thought running through my mind, I landed a right hook to Marin's chin. Her head rocked on the axis of her neck like a dummy.*
Narration: *The mass of brain cells floating inside her skull jolted wildly back and forth.*
Narration: *Marin's eyes instantly spun backward in their sockets. She had to be unconscious. But she still didn't fall.*
Narration: *"...What the hell...?"*
Narration: *Relentlessly, I drove a second punch into her chin, then a third.*
Narration: *―But even so, Marin wouldn't go down.*
Marin: Bwah... Buaaah...
Narration: *Her mouth hung open limply; the punches might have dislocated her jaw. Spittle flowed down her chin. Her eyes, completely unfocused, spun aimlessly around. But Marin didn't fall.*
Yuuji: God damn it!!
Narration: *Somehow, she must have been clinging on to one last scrap of willpower, knowing that she'd die if her knees touched the ground. No matter how she reeled and swayed, Marin stayed on her feet.*
Narration: *"...If hitting won't do it, I'll just throw her off-balance!"*
Narration: *That inhuman toughness was starting to frighten me. Resisting the urge to scream, I reached up and shoved heavily against Marin's shoulders, trying to push her to the ground.*
Narration: *In that moment, I found myself looking straight into her face. Her battered, swollen, ghastly face, dark with bruises, red with blood.*
Yuuji: ...Ah...
Narration: *That face... woke up something that had been lying latent inside me, and suddenly my body wasn't moving like I wanted it to.*
Narration: *That face. I'd seen that face before.*
Yuuji: Guh... ah... aaah...
Narration: *It was the face of my mother, hanging from the ceiling.*
Narration: *Someone had stabbed a rod of ice into the center of my heart. I trembled uncontrollably at the sudden cold inside me.*
Narration: *"What... am I doing?"*
Narration: *"Hitting a woman until she looks like this..."*
Narration: *"How am I any different from him...?"*
Voices: What're you doing!?! Kill her!!
Yuuji: ...Ah...
Narration: *And as the spectators screamed for me to "kill," I flashed vividly back to the moment when I'd struck my father dead.*
Yuuji: U... ah... aah... aaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *I couldn't move.*
Narration: *My knees shook like branches in the wind. I wanted to fall to the ground and curl up in a ball.*
Narration: *Finally, crouching where I stood, I abandoned the fight entirely.*
Narration: *It was no good.*
Narration: *I was no good.*
Narration: *I couldn't kill her.*
Narration: *It was kill or be killed. But I couldn't do it. I just couldn't.*
Marin: Ah... haha... ahahahaha!! Ahahahahahahahahahaha!!
Yuuji: ...Ugh!!
Marin: Ahahahaha! Eheeee! Heeeee heeheeheeheehee!!!
Narration: *As Marin's frenzied laughter rang out, the situation reversed reversed completely.*
Narration: *My deranged, drugged classmate kicked and punched me countless times, drunk on one-sided violence. And I lay there enduring the pain, so overwhelming I thought my skin would burst from its intensity.*
Narration: *"This is my punishment..."*
Narration: *"This is what I deserve for hurting a woman..."*
Narration: *I was used to pain. All I had to do was endure it, and it would end eventually.*
Narration: *In the end, I couldn't do anything else.*
Narration: *Story of my life.*
Narration: *Resigned to my fate, passively accepting the rain of blows, I heard a familiar voice shouting out from somewhere far away.*
Oslo: What's the matter, Yuuji!? You're a murderer who killed your own father! What does it matter how many more you add to the list!? Stand up! Stand up and fight!!
Narration: *Oslo was shrieking from the crowd, ordering me to stand. But not even he could move me now.*
Oslo: Aah, what a mess... Honestly, Yuuji... I can't believe you... *Sigh*...
Narration: *Watching Marin beat me to the verge of death, Oslo pinched the corners of his eyes in obvious disappointment.*
Narration: *Beaten senseless by my classmate, who'd completely lost any restraint in the haze of her drug-induced madness, I somehow managed to survive...*
Narration: *But with even breathing a struggle, much less standing on my own two legs, I was unceremoniously tossed into the school's underground "medical facility."*
Narration: *That name might give you the wrong impression - the place was basically a dungeon where they left the severely wounded to rot. Could just as well have called it a storage room for future corpses.*
Narration: *Lying flat on the floor, I felt the cold concrete quickly absorbing the heat from my inflamed skin.*
Narration: *It felt wonderful.*
Narration: *Even so, it occurred to me that if I let myself fall asleep like this, I'd almost certainly never wake up again.*
Narration: *"Doesn't sound so bad..."*
Narration: *If I died down here, Marin would get to graduate.*
Narration: *It seemed a little pathetic to be searching for meaning in my defeat, but at the very least, Marin would get out of this insane place.*
Narration: *I had to focus on that fact, or my own existence would become so completely pointless I might just go crazy.*
Narration: *―I didn't receive any real treatment down there.*
Narration: *I was just lying on the ground like a discarded rag when Marin came to visit me, having regained her sanity when the effect of the drugs faded. A few hours must have passed by that point.*
Narration: *Waking up to the sensation of a damp, hot towel scrubbing my face, I was surprised to find that my right eye wouldn't open.*
Narration: *In fact, I couldn't even lift my face from the ground. My blood had congealed around me, literally gluing my skin and hair to the concrete.*
Marin: ...I'm so sorry...
Narration: *Mumbling words of apology, Marin carefully wiped my face with a towel, cleaning off the hardened blood.*
Narration: *Sleeping on the bare floor must have severely lowered my body temperature. The hot fabric felt incredibly good.*
Narration: *As she tended to my injuries, Marin sniffled quietly and spoke again.*
Marin: ...Why did it have to turn out like this...?
Narration: *It was the last thing I wanted to hear.*
Narration: *Those were the same words my mother had left behind in her suicide note.*
Narration: *Words of surrender, offering nothing but despair and weakness.*
Narration: *But it's not like I had an answer to them, so I responded only with silence.*
Narration: *I don't know how Marin interpreted my attitude.*
Narration: *Whatever the case, she returned to that basement room the next day and the next, quietly treating my injuries as if it was her duty.*
Marin: ...How are you feeling? Do you think you can eat something?
Yuuji: I'm not hungry...
Marin: You've got to eat at least a little or your wounds won't heal. For one thing, you can't take your medicine on an empty stomach...
Yuuji: ...I don't want any medicine either.
Marin: Why not?
Yuuji: It's ridiculously bitter...
Marin: Don't be stupid... Medicine's always bitter, isn't it? Don't worry, it's not poison... Here, I'll prove it, okay?
Narration: *With that, Marin swallowed a mouthful of the liquid medicine she'd brought for me.*
Marin: ...Ugh!? Uwah! *Cough!* *Hack!* What is this stuff!? It really is nasty!
Yuuji: I told you so... stupid...
Marin: Ahaha... It really does taste terrible, doesn't it? But it'll bring the inflammation down, so you'll be able to sleep better... Drink it all, okay? Oh, I brought some food too... Open your mouth...
Yuuji: ...I'll feed myself.
Marin: You keep saying that, but you didn't eat a single bite last time, now did you? Honestly, you can't even sit up on your own, so don't be so stubborn. Just open your mouth already... Here...
Narration: *How many days had passed since Marin's first visit to the basement?*
Narration: *It might've been the first time I'd talked so much with another person since I arrived at that school.*
Narration: *The place was full of people with bitter and traumatic pasts, just like me. So the unspoken rule was to keep your distance. Our private lives and personal stories were off-limits.*
Narration: *Of course, Marin had absolutely no memories of the past to begin with.*
Narration: *That actually made it easier to get by here.*
Narration: *It was completely normal to her, and she didn't seem to be bothered by it.*
Narration: *After examining my injuries in silence for a few minutes, Marin suddenly asked me a question.*
Marin: Hey... Why did you end up with a man like that, anyway...?
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *I didn't understand. Why ask about my circumstances now, after all this time?*
Narration: *The question felt so strange that I couldn't find anything to say.*
Narration: *"What would it change if I told you, Marin? Why does it matter to you? You don't even know the first thing about yourself."*
Narration: *"Maybe you forgot about the past because it was too painful to remember?"*
Narration: *"Sounds pretty good to me. I'll go with that too."*
Narration: *"I don't even want to remember." *
Narration: *It wasn't as if anything good would come from remembering.*
Narration: *Talking wasn't going to undo what was already done. My life was never going to change unless I changed it myself.*
Marin: ...You know... I'm going to be graduating from this school pretty soon...
Yuuji: Really...? Good for you...
Marin: Yeah...
Marin: But... is it really something to be happy about?
Narration: *Leaving this place would mean working as a pawn of Oslo.*
Narration: *But no matter what was waiting for us, I figured it had to be better than aimlessly circling around this sewer of a place for the rest of our lives.*
Yuuji: Don't worry about me. Once you get out of this place, try to just forget me... and everything else that happened here... Whatever they make you do, that should make it a lot easier...
Marin: I don't really like fighting, you know...? I just wish there was some way I could live without hurting people...
Narration: *So does everyone else.*
Narration: *When you hurt people, you might get hurt.*
Narration: *When you kill people, you might get killed.*
Narration: *Nobody wants to live in a world where the only options are to take a life or lose your own.*
Narration: *But if you want to survive, you can't avert your eyes. The people who run away from reality die first.*
Narration: *The way I'd broken down after seeing my mother in Marin's bloody face was a good case in point.*
Marin: ...Okay. I'll come back when I can...
Narration: *With those words, Marin left the basement. But she didn't visit me the next day.*
Narration: *She didn't come the day after that, either, or even the day after that.*
Narration: *At that point, I finally understood.*
Narration: *Marin had graduated and left this place behind.*
Narration: *Those words hadn't been a casual goodbye. Their real meaning was "If I survive, I'll come see you again."*
Narration: *I think it was about two weeks or so after Marin left...*
Narration: *With my wounds mostly healed, I was officially upgraded from "critical" to "stable" condition. That meant I was authorized to leave the basement and "admit" myself to the medical wing. It was there that I heard the news.*
Nurse: ...Oh, her. She's already dead, you know?
Nurse: The girl did pretty well here, so we were expecting better. I guess she made a stupid mistake on her first job. Real shame...
Nurse: But seriously, it's a real pain in the ass when they get themselves killed right after graduating like that. The guys upstairs start breathing down our necks about whether we're training 'em properly...
Nurse: When you get out of this place, do me a favor and just focus on not dying for a while, all right? It's a serious nuisance.
Narration: *Marin was dead.*
Narration: *It's not like this sort of thing hadn't happened before.*
Narration: *New people were always coming in, only to disappear without warning.*
Narration: *She was just one of many.*
Narration: *But even so... Maybe if I'd beaten Marin down in that final test and graduated in her place, she wouldn't have had to die like this. I couldn't help being a little bothered by that.*
Narration: *"It's because you were so nice to me..."*
Narration: *Maybe that was the real reason Marin was gone.*
Narration: *Every woman who treated me kindly ended up dead.*
Narration: *I couldn't let myself rely on anyone ever again. The more I thought about it, the more I convinced myself of that.*
Narration: *By the time I received permission to "discharge" myself, there was a completely different group of trainees in the lodging facilities.*
Narration: *I'd been recuperating for so long that the other survivors from my "class" had finished their term and graduated.*
Narration: *There wasn't a single familiar face left.*
Narration: *Normally, I should've jumped right back into training to make up for the month I'd spent recuperating...*
Narration: *But the instructors had already started over with the next generation of students, and it's not like they were going to take the time to offer me personalized lessons.*
Narration: *So while the others drilled, I was simply assigned "self-study" under the name of personal training.*
Narration: *To be honest, though, it wasn't much of a training regimen. They basically just ignored me and let me do whatever I wanted.*
Narration: *I kept a regular running schedule in order to regain my endurance, sometimes getting in a little live firing practice to maintain my eyesight, but otherwise didn't do much of anything.*
Narration: *Even when I was just walking around aimlessly, the instructors turned a blind eye. Nobody ever bothered chewing me out anymore. In fact, sometimes they'd even nod vaguely in my direction and say "Keep at it."*
Narration: *Not only did the instructors seem to "know" me, they treated me with respect and didn't ask me to participate in the training. I spent most of my time wandering the halls for no apparent reason...*
Narration: *So understandably enough, the new guys mostly kept their distance, shooting me wary looks that read "Who the hell is that guy supposed to be?"*
Narration: *Finally, two months after my first attempt, I was given another chance at graduation.*
Narration: *For my second "exam," I was tasked with carrying out an actual assassination in the field. For all intents and purposes it was a preemptive graduation and immediate deployment.*
Narration: *The target was one of three judges who would be presiding over an international trial involving Heath Oslo's suspected crimes in various foreign countries.*
Narration: *To put it simply, I was there to cover Oslo's ass by killing a man who couldn't be swayed by money.*
Narration: *After arriving in Canada, I slipped into America by boat, then proceeded to my objective under the identity of a Chinese woman named Chou Leihuan.*
Narration: *For some time, I conducted surveillance of the hotel where the judge was scheduled to stay.*
Narration: *And on the night of the mission, I walked inside and headed for the reception desk, dressed in female clothing to match my falsified identity.*
Yuuji: ...I'm here to meet Mr. Glenn McPherson. Could you please let him know I've arrived...?
Clerk: ...Hmph... Wasting no time, I see. Not that it's anything new from him, but honestly...
Narration: *I don't know exactly what the man behind the desk assumed about me, but...*
Narration: *It seems there were rumors the judge was a pedophile with a taste for little girls... Probably the reason I'd been chosen for this job in the first place.*
Narration: *I'd only learn this after the fact, but in reality Glenn McPherson wasn't a child abuser or a patron of prostitutes. He was simply a soft-hearted man with a habit of being charitable to orphans and homeless children.*
Narration: *That behavior had been misinterpreted and distorted by hearsay, leading some misguided sorts to send young girls over to his hotel in hope of gaining influence.*
Narration: *Whenever this happened, the judge would let the visitors into his room, have them make him a pot of tea, then send them off with some pocket money. He was a genuinely good-hearted man.*
Narration: *Oslo probably knew all this and realized it could be used against him.*
Narration: *When I knocked on McPherson's door, he gave me a quick once-over and lightly frisked me for weapons, then willingly invited me inside.*
Narration: *I looked around the room nervously. His voice gentle, the judge told me not to worry. That he wouldn't do anything to me.*
Narration: *After a quick scan of my surroundings, I took a ballpoint pen from the end table near the entrance and hid it in the sleeve of my dress.*
Narration: *McPherson lowered himself heavily onto the sofa and asked if I'd make some tea. I silently nodded.*
Narration: *When it was ready, I poured carefully from the teapot that had been sitting out on the table and carried a single steaming cup to the judge.*
Yuuji: ...Here you are, Mr. McPherson...
McPherson: Ah. Thank you...
Narration: *The judge slowly savored the scent of the tea, then closed his eyes to take a sip. And in that moment, I took action.*
Narration: *My mind was utterly blank.*
Narration: *Doing this was everything. It was as simple as that.*
Narration: *Pulling the golden pen from my sleeve, I stabbed it up through McPherson's jaw and into his brainstem.*
McPherson: Guh... gah! Gah! Kahah!
Narration: *Blood and tea spurted from the judge's half-open mouth. He quickly stopped moving.*
Narration: *Just to be sure, I twisted the ballpoint in the wound until I was confident the brainstem was completely destroyed. When I finally pulled the pen out, blood spouted McPherson's jaw like a fountain.*
Narration: *It was a simple enough job.*
Narration: *I almost felt like it'd been a waste to fly me all the way over here to do it. Surely anyone could've managed this.*
Narration: *With my task complete, I headed for the kitchen, crawled into the garbage chute in the wall, and escaped down to the trash facility in the basement.*
Subordinate: ...We've just received a report from the field. Kazami Yuuji has apparently completed the assassination and returned safely. 
Oslo: See, what did I tell you? I knew Yuuji would pull it off. How is he holding up?
Subordinate: ...It seems as though his emotions are under control for the moment. No signs of agitation or self-destructive behavior at present.
Oslo: Not to worry. It'll be fine. The boy won't kill himself unless he's ordered to do so... That's how I raised him, and he's undergone the training as well.
Oslo: If he does start getting worked up, a lullaby should calm him down nicely.
Subordinate: You seem quite pleased...
Oslo: He's let me down at times, but in the end I can't help doting on the boy. It's just like they say... Problem children are all the more lovable for the nuisance they cause.
Oslo: Yuuji really is the best! I'm so glad I got my hands on him! When he gets back, let's give him some cool codename. What do you think? Any ideas?
Subordinate: ...I'll see what I can come up with.
JB: ...At the time, I was working for American intelligence. The judge's assassination was assigned to me...
Yuuji: I know... Asako told me about that investigation. Said the CIA was calling me "ET-01" back then... short for "Enfant Terrible."
JB: The use of children in terrorism and assassinations had been identified as a growing problem. As a newly-minted second lieutenant, one of my first assignments was investigating that ET-01...

Date: *July XX, 2012, 14:35 - School Dormitory - Lobby*
Amane: Uhm, is there... still more to this? Maybe we should just... stop reading...
Yumiko: Aren't you the one who said you wanted to know about Kazami-kun's past?
Amane: Well... yeah, but it's sort of getting hard to listen to this... My chest feels all tight...
Michiru: Yuuji's... killed people...
Makina: Welp, I sorta figured "this dude's definitely killed a few guys" the first time I saw his face... but gettin' the cold hard facts thrown in yer face like this is still kind of a downer...
Makina: Guess that's why Onii-chan was always goin' on about "I'm only teaching you this as a method of self-defense" whenever we played army rangers...
Makina: And there I was, treatin' it like some big game... yellin' "awesome" and cacklin' at the top of my lungs like a stupid kid. I'm kinda ashamed of myself...
Sachi: When you consider the circumstances, Kazami-san was a victim.
Sachi: He was a child, still dependent on others and entitled to their protection. But without a family capable of caring for him, he was forced to run through a life of danger and tragedy...
Sachi: And on top of it all, the foster parent who finally took him in was an international terrorist... To stay normal under such conditions would have been simply impossible.
Sachi: All those anguished hours trying to understand "why"... thinking and thinking, even when things grow so bleak the question seems pointless...
Sachi: You think so much your head goes blank, but there's just no answer to be found. And so you create something else to take its place... A new set of rules, one might say.
Sachi: Perhaps he found a system of values which could explain his misfortune as a "punishment," and simply accepted it to the core of his being...?
Amane: I guess he... must've found some reason to live on... even if it meant sacrificing lots of innocent people...
Amane: Yeah... I can definitely understand that...
Amane: But it's... driving me crazy that I couldn't do anything to help him...
Amane: I know there's no use saying this now, but... I can't help it, okay? Knowing I wasn't there for him when he needed me... is so frustrating I could cry...
Yumiko: Kazami-kun probably felt the same way when he read your diary, you know...
Yumiko: "If only I'd done something back then"... It's only the benefit of hindsight that makes that thought possible.
Yumiko: And to be frank, that means it's the silliest and least productive of all possible regrets...
Yumiko: Take a look at the Kazami-kun we know... It may be a struggle, but he's trying his very best to spend his life in a way he won't regret.
Yumiko: His understanding of the world is somewhat... imbalanced, so at times he can be overbearing or unreasonable. But even so, he's focused on living today so as not to disappoint the person he'll be tomorrow...
Yumiko: Allow yourself to stop thinking because it's too painful, to stop questioning yourself because it's too difficult, and eventually you lose sight of the reason you're living. You stop caring about anything...
Yumiko: He knows better than anyone what that numbness can lead to. And that's why he keeps moving forward, despite his doubts...
Makina: ...'Cause... it's not like anyone's gonna swoop down an' rescue you...
Yumiko: Exactly...
Yumiko: There might not be a meaning to your life... More fundamentally, there might not be a reason you were born. Still, isn't searching for those answers a large part of what it means to be alive...?
Michiru: ...Why didn't Yuuji kill himself?
Amane: ...Michiru!
Michiru: I know! I know I don't have any right to say that, but I still want to know!
Michiru: I mean, if you die, that's the end, right!? You're done! It's all over! Isn't that a heck of a lot easier!?
Michiru: I mean, yeah, it's scary! Dying is scary! But once you're dead, it all goes away! All the good stuff, all the bad stuff! You're back to nothing!
Michiru: If you've got the courage to die, at least it's all over! Who cares about what happens after?
Michiru: Lots of people say they don't wanna live! Most of them are too scared to die! But if you're brave enough to live through all that pain, aren't you brave enough to kill yourself!?
Michiru: If you're just gonna stagger miserably through life, aren't you better off dead!?
Michiru: Why didn't he just kill himself!? I don't get it!
Makina: Calm down, Chiruchiru!
Michiru: Argh, let go of me! This is exactly why I hate kids! Always doing whatever you want without a second thought! It pisses me off!
Makina: ...!! That hurts, ya know!? Stop hittin' me!
Michiru: Get OFF me!
Makina: No way! Where're you trying ta run off to!? I won't let you go!
Michiru: You little...!!
Yumiko: Matsushima-san...
Michiru: Whadda you want!?
Yumiko: Let me turn the question around. Why are you alive?
Michiru: ...I... Well...
Yumiko: Is it simply because you were too afraid of death? Is it because of the drugs you take...?
Michiru: ...I haven't even... thought about that stuff...
Yumiko: Don't be ridiculous. Of course you have.
Yumiko: And haven't you had someone willing to think about it with you...? Someone who's been at your side, supporting you, for some time now...?
Michiru: ...Don't act like you understand me...!
Yumiko: True enough. I can't know what you're really thinking or feeling.
Yumiko: But that goes for Kazami-kun as well, doesn't it?
Yumiko: We have no way of understanding what was going through his head, or his emotional state. All we have are guesses.
Yumiko: I think he needed someone who would acknowledge him. Someone who would accept him and praise him, no matter how clumsily he struggled...
Yumiko: ...Even if that person was evil to the core.
Michiru: That's... an escape even worse than suicide...
Yumiko: He was a child himself, you know. One of those shameless, thoughtless children you hate so much...
Yumiko: ...That's all there is to it.
Michiru: ...Guh!
Makina: Ah! Chiruchiru...!
Yumiko: Leave her be!
Makina: But... But...!
Yumiko: ...Following her now would backfire. She needs some time to herself.
Makina: Auuuu... Chiruchiruuu...
Sachi: It's all right, Maki-chan. I'll make sure to go check up on Michiru-sama later... so for the moment, let's not bother her, okay?
Makina: Yeah... if ya say so...
Amane: ...Hey, Sakaki-san. Why do you think Michiru hates children so much...?
Yumiko: What she hates is herself... Or the child she used to be. She can't stand remembering how powerless she was...
Yumiko: She despised the carefree children that surrounded her, innocently enjoying their lives while she suffered... and seeing that bitter jealousy in herself only intensified her self-loathing.
Yumiko: Looking at Kazami-kun's past, she must have seen a mirror image of the person she was back then. It's no wonder she'd be on edge...
Yumiko: But unlike Matsushima-san, Kazami-kun was able to move forward and take control of his life... and she couldn't accept that he'd found such a different path from hers. Hence the outburst.
Amane: ...You're awfully composed, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: Only because Matsushima-san was kind enough to snap before I could. Looking at her emotions objectively allowed me to maintain my calm...
Yumiko: It might sound strange, but... I think the way we were all telling ourselves "I'm the most unfortunate" was part of the reason we've managed to hold it together this long...
Narration: *July XX 2012, 14:49 - Ichigaya*
JB: ...Right. At the time, you really were quite the mystery...
JB: An assassin with the M.O. of infiltrating alone and empty-handed, stabbing the target to death using an object picked up on-site, and then disappearing without a trace like some kind of ghost...
JB: After disappearing completely, the suspect resurfaced somewhere else entirely to perform another hit... In the end, we spent nearly a year on that investigation without ever getting a good read on you.
JB: That is, until a brand-new organization named CIRS, just beginning operations on a trial basis, broke into Heath Oslo's mansion and discovered you there...
Yuuji: ...I think you probably know more about that side of things than I do, JB.
JB: True. I still have the reports I made at the time...
Narration: *Judge Glenn McPherson of the International Court of Justice, 57 years old. Stabbed to death in his hotel room.*
Narration: *Paul Graham, freelance journalist, 38 years old. Died in an accident under suspicious circumstances while driving home from an interview.*
Narration: *Harold Bauman, CEO of the US-based bank ABM, 56 years old. Suffered an unnatural fracture of the cervical vertebrae in the living room of his own home. Death was instantaneous.*
Narration: *Christoper Corner, FBI Agent, 36 years old. Stabbed to death from behind in the course of a special investigation.*
Narration: *No suspect has yet been determined, but the September 6th strangulation of Benoit Robert, a 48-year-old radical left-wing member of the French National Assembly, is thought to have involved the same culprit.*
Asako: Heeeey, JB? You around?
JB: ...A lack of clear common features between the victims makes it difficult to narrow the range of potential culprits. However, the deliberate planning suggests these were targeted assassinations rather than random murders...
JB: The list of parties considered possibly responsible is broad in scope. It includes political groups, Asian and European mafia, foreign government agencies, and international terrorists... altogether, 48 candidates are...
Asako: Hey, what the hell? Don't just ignore me...
JB: I'm rather busy right now, if you hadn't noticed. Can it wait?
Asako: Busy whipping together some window dressing for the media? Guess that'd piss anybody off. But are you sure you wanna give me the cold shoulder? I got my hands on something you've been wanting.
JB: ...What? Did I ask you for something?
Asako: Here. It's that surveillance film First Division dug up. Y'know, the one with a shot of our assassin.
JB: You have it!?
Asako: Well, couldn't quite manage to waltz out of there with it, but I did print out the part where our friend was on-screen.
JB: Let me see that!
Narration: *I practically snatched the photograph out of Asako's hands. The camera had captured the profile of a young girl wearing gothic lolita clothing.*
Narration: *The original was nothing but a few black-and-white frames coincidentally recorded by a convenience store security camera. The images had subsequently been magnified and manipulated on a computer...*
Narration: *But it still wasn't exactly a vivid portrait.*
JB: This is it...? It's so blurry...
Asako: Can't do much about it when you're working off a VHS videotape. Anyway, at least now we've got a rough idea what they look like, right?
JB: Well, I suppose...
Narration: *At the time of the first murder - the assassination of Glenn McPherson - we had obtained testimony that pointed to an underage female as a potential suspect.*
Narration: *However, there were no eyewitnesses to the murder, so the evidence was entirely circumstantial; and more importantly, the culprit had exhibited remarkable brutality and skill.*
Narration: *Given that it appeared highly likely our killer had undergone intensive specialized training, the little girl theory had been considered somewhat implausible.*
JB: ...She looks normal enough at a glance. Cute kid. I don't know about her taste in clothes, though.
Asako: Groups that use kids as assassins aren't exactly rare. We've already run into plenty of cases like that here, haven't we?
JB: But when a child is involved, they typically use a bomb or a gun, right...? But in this case, the murder weapon was a ballpoint...
Asako: Ballpoint? That slang for something?
JB: No. It was quite literally a ballpoint pen. A perfectly commonplace thing you can buy at any corner store. Here, this is the report from that one...
Asako: Hrm... A single stab from under the chin straight to the brainstem, eh? Must've been dead before he knew what hit 'im. Pretty impressive.
JB: It's not exactly something worth admiring, is it? Point is, the girl in this security camera image has to be... twelve? Thirteen? Can you really believe she did this?
Narration: *Asians can sometimes appear younger than their age. But no matter how you looked at it, the girl in that image was clearly a child.*
Asako: Why not? In Somalia, kids'll murder people for a single can of food.
JB: That's not what I'm talking about here...
Asako: And by the way, our company doesn't exactly have the high ground on this one. Bought you and me both straight from the orphanage, didn't they?
JB: ...Well... true enough.
Narration: *Young people with no relatives make convenient tools. You can use them any way you want without much in the way of consequences. Any organization in our field takes advantage of that to some degree.*
Narration: *It's not as if my own childhood was exactly idyllic. I wasn't nearly naive enough to be shocked by something like this.*
JB: ...But that's exactly why it pisses me off, you know? Adults who take advantage of children too young to make their own decisions make me want to vomit.
Asako: Give work to those who can do it. Toss the useless ones aside. That's society in a nutshell.
Asako: You and me just got sorted out a little earlier than the rest. There's nothin' else to it.
Asako: People sure as hell aren't born equal. If you want to make the world a fairer place anyway, you've got to start by making peace... That's why we're busting our asses out there, isn't it?
Asako: Don't expect anything of anyone; just makes it easier to get disillusioned. We knew we'd get our hands dirty, but we accepted that. Better than turning into a piece of shit who sits around bitching instead of doing what they can. Right?
JB: You're not wrong...
JB: But I have a very hard time believing this child made a decision on their own, the way you and I did.
JB: Protecting one thing means sacrificing another. That's just the way the world works...
JB: But that doesn't mean I'm going to endorse methods that involve the sacrifice of children.
Asako: And that's why we're going to wipe these bastards out.
JB: It's impossible to wipe them out. But we'll do everything we can to decrease their numbers.
Asako: You've got a bad habit of only cleaning up the places you can see.
JB: And you have an unfortunate tendency to try and blow up your entire house whenever it gets unpleasant to live in.
Asako: Say whatever you like. I don't know how much longer I've got, but I'm not gonna let up until I'm six feet under.
JB: Irresponsible as ever. I'm not going to die until I've built a solid foundation for my successors to inherit...
Asako: ...Eh, whatever. Let's continue this stupid argument over drinks sometime.
Asako: More importantly... forget the way things look on the surface. You've got some idea who's pulling the strings, don't you? Spit it out.
JB: ...Heath Oslo...
Asako: Figured as much... 
Asako: When you look at the targets, and the creepy way they used a child as the assassin... whatever the truth, it sure feels right to say he's behind this. 
JB: ...Age and nationality unknown. All the photographs we have show him with different facial and physical features.
JB: All we know for sure is that he's a former Swiss and French mercenary... and a terrorist, currently employed by a number of defense-technology enterprises.
JB: In regard to his work on bacteriological weapons and next-generation nuclear warheads, he's a friend to Uncle Sam. Not to say they get along...
JB: Apparently runs a number of businesses all around the globe. Uses multiple names in the US alone, all with their own SSN, and pays his taxes without fail.
Asako: Sure keeps himself busy. Is this really just a single person?
JB: Who knows? Uncle Sam isn't one man himself.
Asako: All right. Let's start by going after the people who spend their weekend cookin' pasta with a beer in one hand.
JB: Uh... why?
Asako: C'mon. Some guy with too much time on his hands always turns out to be the real mastermind, right? 
JB: Cut it out. If you start going after every layabout you find, you'll have to kill our Section Chief first...
Asako: But anyway, Heath Oslo. You hear about the operation coming up next month?
JB: Oh, right... The Norway job?
Asako: Right. Operation March-Into-Oslo's-Lair-And-Blast-It-All- To-Hell.
JB: ...What the heck is that? I'm pretty sure the operation doesn't even have an official name yet...
Asako: That's why I thought one up. Simple and catchy, don't you think?
JB: Rejected.
Asako: Say what!?
Narration: *The name Heath Oslo first began to appear in government records in the early 1970s.*
Narration: *At the time, the authorities marked him as an active conspirator in multiple acts of terror directed against Isreael and the world's major powers.*
Narration: *The truth was more complex. He was sowing the seeds of conflict all around the world, but also building a network of connections... which he used to put out the fires he'd started, earning a profit every time.*
Narration: *Before long, he'd established secret ties to corporations all around the world, rapidly building up significant personal wealth and power...*
Narration: *And eventually, the words Heath Oslo came to be used in reference to an organization rather than an individual.*
Narration: *It's sometimes said that domestic enterprises are the true enemies of nations. Oslo was a case in point; as he wormed his way deeply into the world economy, influential individuals began to find his existence disagreeable.*
Narration: *Numerous attempts were made to assassinate him or bring him into custody. None succeeded.*
Narration: *However, America didn't mourn the failure of these plans too deeply. If anything, they were relieved.*
Narration: *In this era, there were surely more subtle and skillful ways Oslo could've been dealt with, but actually capturing him would've been a bit anticlimactic.*
Narration: *The fires he started were an economic stimulant of sorts, so the idea of snuffing them out for good was honestly somewhat "unappealing."*
Narration: *These days, tacitly understanding this sort of thing is what marks you as a savvy operator; but following orders that subtly discourage you from actually chasing down your target is always going to feel absurd.*
Narration: *Given this, it wasn't especially surprising that something like the Norway operation might fall all the way to a freshly-minted second lieutenant.*
Narration: *There was only one real problem: the "dog" this inexperienced second lieutenant would be dispatching into the field was a bit on the rabid side.*
Narration: *In other words...*
JB: ...You overdid it, Asako.
Asako: Cry me a fuckin' river.
Narration: *When Kusakabe Asako saw someone she didn't like, she'd snap at them, no matter who they might be. And I failed to hold her leash tightly enough.*
Narration: *Had we actually captured Heath Oslo, at least the matter would've been at an end, one way or another... but instead, I was left to regret both a missed opportunity and my shortcomings as a commander.*
Narration: *Long story short, we failed to get our hands on the man, although we succeeded in suppressing his core organization.*
Narration: *The raid did produce some benefits: we gave Oslo his customary slap on the wrist, implicitly warning him not to get too carried away.*
Narration: *But we also gained a number of new problems in the aftermath... some messier than others.*
Narration: *The commander of the raid itself offered the following comment:*
Asako: ...It's just like you thought, JB. We found something interesting in the basement...
Narration: * In the words of Kusakabe Asako, it was "something interesting."*
Narration: *But for a tactician like myself, it was nothing but a headache.*
Narration: *In the basement of the mansion Heath Oslo had been using as his base, we discovered an individual suspected of participation in the assassinations I'd been investigating...*
Narration: *Specifically, the girl who'd perpetrated the murders in gothic-lolita costumes.*
Narration: *While that was surprising enough, it also turned out that she was in fact a young boy.*
JB: ...Haaah... I'm so tired...
Narration: *We'd dug up something incredibly troublesome this time. I was at my wit's end trying to figure out how to proceed.*
Narration: *For the time being, we took our suspected assassin into protective custody and began to interrogate him.*
Narration: *The boy's name was Kazami Yuuji...*
Narration: *Once we had that information, it was fairly easy to discover how he'd come into contact with Oslo, and the circumstances that had turned him into the pawn of a terrorist.*
Narration: *―However, the boy I met in the hospital was in no condition to tell us more. His health had deteriorated as a result of spending an extended period of time underground, and his mental state was extremely unstable.*
JB: Could you tell us where you were, and what you were doing, on the 18th of last month...?
Yuuji: ...I don't remember...
Narration: *I don't remember.*
Narration: *As the desperate excuse of a criminal, it's something of a cliche...*
Narration: *But in Kazami Yuuji's case, it was most likely a perfectly honest statement.*
Narration: *His memory had been damaged by an experimental doping regimen, unethically administered to him by the research and development side of Oslo's organization...*
Narration: *By placing his mind into a clouded state not unlike intoxication, they robbed him of the ability to remember anything except the orders of an absolute authority figure, compelling him to obey.*
Narration: *Combining this with a thorough brainwashing program based on data gained from many clinical trials, Oslo had reduced Kazami Yuuji to a mechanical killing machine with no free will whatsoever.*
Asako: Probably took advantage of a strong complex regarding the concept of "family" to brainwash him... Or worse, used the trauma of a relative's death against him...
Asako: Might've convinced him that he needed to kill someone, else his parents and siblings would die... Or maybe told him he was taking revenge for their deaths...
Asako: Either way, it was way too much for a kid like this to handle. Probably a blessing in disguise that his mind's still fogged from the after-effects of the drugs...
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji remembered quite literally nothing except his own name.*
Narration: *At first, it wasn't clear if his memory had been damaged by the drugs, or if he was unconsciously sealing off the things he didn't want to recall...*
Narration: *But the boy's own behavior soon convinced us it was likely the latter.*
Narration: *When discovered during our raid on Heath Oslo's mansion, Kazami Yuuji had been bound hand and foot in the basement, his entire body covered in wounds.*
Narration: *At the time, we interpreted this as evidence of chronic abuse... but after liberating him, we began to observe fits of violently self-destructive behavior on his part, and realized we'd misunderstood the situation.*
Narration: *The boy's mental breakdown was already well underway.*
Narration: *He believed that his right hand killed of its own accord. Sometimes even against his wishes.*
Narration: *Whether friend or foe, he was prone to randomly lash out at anyone who came into his sight.*
Narration: *When no target was available, he'd attempt to kill himself instead.*
Narration: *It seemed as if someone had ingrained these impulses into his mind...*
Narration: *As if that "someone" was the only person capable of stopping him.*
JB: ...I've done a bit of research into Kazami Yuuji. He's Japanese, all right. Lost his sister in an accident, and his parents died under slightly unusual circumstances.
JB: A Hong Kong national named Li Lisheng took custody of him after he was orphaned. The man either had some connection to Oslo, or was an alias of Oslo himself...
Asako: That's probably the one who brainwashed the kid. Convinced him the targets were his parents' killers, or his sister's... "We're your only friends. Everyone else is an enemy"... It's a pretty standard technique.
Asako: And we've just forcibly demolished the organization that kid believed was his "one and only ally." How are you going to take responsibility for that?
JB: What's that supposed to mean? We'll just send him back to Japan and get him admitted to an appropriate facility...
Asako: ...I don't want to hear you call me irresponsible ever again, all right? You're a hell of a lot worse than me.
JB: ...What exactly do you want me to do?
Asako: Remember what the old hag at the orphanage used to say? Don't pick up cats or dogs that you can't take care of.
Asako: A human kid's no different. Don't pick one up unless you can look after it; if you picked one up, then you damn well better take care of it until the end. If you can't handle that, then kill it yourself.
JB: ...That's insane, just so you know...
Asako: The kid has no family, and he's lost his only ally. All he's got left now is self-loathing. We've got him bound hand and foot, and he's still struggling to hurt himself...
Asako: What he needs right now isn't doctors or medication, all right? It's someone who'll praise him for his achievements.
Asako: Every kid who's been brainwashed into killing people has one thing in common... More than anything else, they want someone who can tell them "well done."
Asako: Someone like a father, y'know? Always strict, sometimes approving... A person who compliments them for their hard work, and makes them feel appreciated. That's their greatest need...
JB: ...You're generalizing your personal experiences.
Asako: Yeah, sure... It might sound pathetically childish, but I really was a kid like that once. And I'm trying to tell you that Kazami Yuuji's exactly as immature as he looks...
JB: ...Are you telling me to become the boy's mother?
Asako: Wouldn't work in a million years. You're too grown-up to understand him, and you're as cruel as any brat... Not a very good combination.
JB: Then what do you want me to do, for crying out loud...?
Asako: You're shipping him off to Japan, right? I'll be heading back there next month as well, so it works out nicely. I'll take him in.
JB: Excuse me!? Have you forgotten your position entirely!?
Asako: Is there a problem?
JB: Are you serious? Of course there's a damn problem...
Asako: Then I guess it's your job to resolve it. Good luck with all that.
JB: ...Ugh...
Narration: *And so, the child we found in a terrorist's den was repatriated to Japan... and I worked myself half to death getting Kusakabe Asako, who'd transferred to our Japan branch, registered as his adoptive parent. *

Asako: ...Okay, so why did you end up coming to Japan as well?
JB: What choice did I have!? To get your adoption of Kazami Yuuji approved, I had to agree to supervise you both! It's your own damn fault!
Asako: Ah. All right then.
JB: "All right then"!? Is that all you have to say!?
Asako: God, you're such a whiner... Quit crying over spilt milk, why don't you?
JB: You're always like this! You don't think before you act, and after things go wrong, all I get is "quit crying over spilt milk"!
JB: Whenever you make a mess, I'm the one who has to clean it up! You're too selfish! I can't take this anymore!
Asako: Hahahah... What a fuckin' baby.
JB: Don't you call me that!!!
Narration: *That was Kusakabe Asako for you.*
Narration: *The woman had always been this way...*
Narration: *Ever since the day I met her.*
Asako: Hey. So you're the fresh meat who moved in yesterday? Where's yer palm-grease?
Narration: *On a certain cold November morning, I looked up at a figure perched imposingly on a slide in the orphanage playground...*
Narration: *And found a small Asian girl looking down at me scornfully, her arms and legs crossed in the pose of a prison-gang boss.*
JB: ..."Palm-grease"?
Narration: *It wasn't a phrase I'd heard before.*
Narration: *Most likely, it was a slang term that didn't mean much of anything except to the children in this orphanage.*
Narration: *But since I'd only just arrived, I didn't have the slightest idea what the girl was talking about.*
Asako: Palm-grease is, well, y'know... kinda like a tribute, I guess?
JB: I've got nothing of the sort...
Narration: *I didn't even have a wallet, much less anything I could offer in "tribute."*
Narration: *I knew some adults would sell their own children for a bit of money, but this was the first time I'd met a child who'd try to squeeze cash out of a penniless little girl. Quite the place I'd come to.*
Narration: *Even the clothes on my back were on loan from the orphanage. What else could she possibly take from me? I didn't have anything other than my life.*
JB: And even if I did have something, I don't see any reason why I should give it to you.
Asako: A reason, huh...? Sure, I guess there ain't one. But it's the respectful thing to do, and bein' respectful is a rule you should try to follow around here. What d'you think of that...?
JB: ...Who came up with this rule?
Asako: Me. I don't follow any rules other'n the ones I make myself.
JB: In that case, I won't obey it. There's no reason why I should.
Asako: ...Hrmph. You're one cheeky lady. How old are ya, anyway? I'm not gonna put up with this if you're younger than me.
JB: ...I'm 8.
Asako: Tch... Stevens, huh...
JB: Stevens...?
Asako: It means we're the same age. Don'tcha know anything, dingbat?
JB: Your dialect's very thick, you know.
Asako: Mind your own business. I'll fuck ya to death, y'piece of shit.
JB: Hold on, where are you going?
Asako: What are you, some hag from th' probation office? I can go wherever the hell I want. Don't follow me.
JB: I'm not especially interested in you, but at least tell me your name. I'd like to know who I need to avoid, if nothing else.
Asako: ...It's Asako. A-S-A-K-O.
JB: I'm Julia. Julia Bardera.
Asako: Hrmph... What a ridiculously blonde name. Pisses me off...
JB: ......
Asako: All right, JB. As a welcoming present, I'm gonna tell you one thing for free.
JB: ..."JB"?
Asako: You expect me to call you "Julia," fer chrissakes? Just sayin' that stupid name's embarrassing.
Asako: Anyway, listen up an' listen good. I'm not gonna ask why you ended up here, so don't you start asking any stupid questions either. That's the rule in this place.
JB: ...Why? You don't want to talk about your past?
Asako: You think anyone halfway normal would be in a dump like this? There's no freedom, the food's garbage, and the guys who take things seriously get screwed over. It's basically prison.
JB: In other words, I should stick next to the person at the top of the totem pole?
Asako: ...All right, I'm gonna give ya one more freebie. This is the second rule you should really try to follow around here...
Asako: "Stay away from Kusakabe Asako." Got it? Don't go bringin' trouble anywhere near me, ya rancid bitch.
JB: ...They might as well go ahead and add that one to the ten commandments.
Narration: *Two days later, I learned from one of the nuns that "Kusakabe Asako" was the name of the single biggest problem child in that orphanage.*
Narration: *Her personality was belligerent; she was cold-hearted and brazen, cunning and quick on her feet. On the whole, she was a nasty little piece of work... and as of my third day there, she was also my roommate.*
Narration: *Just being around Asako would bring you no end of trouble, so no one was eager to share a room with her. As the new kid, I naturally ended up getting saddled with that "privilege."*
Asako: Yo. Which bed you want?
Narration: *The room assigned to us was a very small one. More than half of the floor space was occupied by a bunk-bed.*
Narration: *The walls were bare, undecorated concrete, with a single small window for ventilation. And the only source of warmth was an oil heater planted on the floor.*
Narration: *Still, as a space to sleep in, it was adequate enough.*
JB: ...The lower one.
Narration: *Not waiting for Asako's reply, I tossed the pair of pajamas I'd been given onto the lower of the two beds. *
Asako: Sure about that? You might think it's warm since it's closer to th' heater, but it's actually pretty damn cold down there.
JB: I'm used to the cold. And in summer, the top beds get so hot that it's hard to sleep...
Asako: By summer we'll have more new kids, so they'll just shuffle the rooms around again, y'know? Well, whatever. Do what you want.
Narration: *With that, Asako clambered up to the top bunk, threw herself down on it, and didn't say another word.*
Narration: *It was like living with a reptile. I didn't have any idea what she was thinking. When told to do something, she'd gleefully disobey; she broke any rule imposed on her, but stubbornly enforced the ones she made up on her own.*
Narration: *That childish obstinance won Asako plenty of enemies, of course. But after some time as the girl's roommate, I began to understand the basic principles behind her behavior...*
Narration: *And when I applied that knowledge, I found that it wasn't impossible to control her.*
Narration: *Before I knew it, keeping Asako from running wild became my "job" at the orphanage.*
Nun: ...Julia! Julia!?
JB: Yes, Sister Margaret... Do you need something?
Nun: There you are, Julia... Where is Asako?
JB: I don't know.
Nun: Well, that's going to be a problem. The girl's supposed to be cleaning the toilets as a punishment, but she's run off yet again...
JB: ...Uh, okay...
Nun: And what's that supposed to mean!? It's your job to supervise that girl, isn't it!?
Narration: *"Actually, I think that would be your job."*
Narration: *It would have been a nice retort, but I kept it to myself. My position as Asako's "supervisor" had gained me some real benefits, so I hardly had the right to complain.*
JB: ...Would you like me to find her?
Nun: Please do, Julia. When you do, bring her to my room right away.
JB: All right...
Narration: *At the time, there were a number of "factions" in the orphanage where we lived, and Asako was constantly in conflict with multiple groups at once.*
Narration: *It hardly mattered if she was up against girls or boys; she'd punch them and kick them and leave them all crying. Whenever I got wind of a fight, I'd rush over to intervene.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, I usually showed up right after the girl had made her getaway... and just in time for a nun to arrive and punish me in Asako's place.*
JB: ...Looking back, it's been one big chain of headaches ever since I met you. God, it pisses me off...
JB: After six whole years of that life, I finally thought I'd graduated from my job as your babysitter... only to discover we'd ended up in the same junior naval school...
JB: Not only were we in the same dormitory, we'd been placed in the same room... At the time, I was genuinely wondering if I'd been cursed.
Asako: We got sold off by the same orphanage at the same time. What's so strange about the same place buying us? Three of the other kids got shipped off to the military at the same time, y'know.
JB: ...Yes. Although we're the only ones who're still alive.
Asako: Well, you passed that exam and got yourself onto the officer track, but the rest of us were pretty much cannon fodder. When you toss kids into battle that casually, of course they're gonna bite it...
JB: ...I followed the path to a desk job, and you went out into the field. For two brief years, I forgot all about the past and focused on making a fresh start...
JB: But when I joined operations, I didn't even have time to celebrate earning a seat in the intelligence section... They appointed me as the case officer for one "Kusakabe Asako" on my very first job...
JB: What kind of a cruel joke is that!? Do I have to look after you for the rest of your damn life!?
Asako: Just to be clear, I didn't mention your name even once. Don't bitch at me about something the guys upstairs decided on their own.
JB: I know... I know, okay? But come on! I'm still cleaning up your damn messes... and this time, it got me shipped off into exile! Can't you at least show a little sympathy!?
Asako: Ah, what's the big deal? Not like those sexist shits in the military would've let you rise much higher anyway.
Asako: Guess you could've hopped over to Langley, sure. But they'd have seen you as an outsider and dumped all the ugly jobs on you...
Asako: In that case, might as well head over to Akasaka or Ichigaya and get yourself a two-rank promotion in the process.
JB: ...A "promotion" like that's a demotion in all but name...
Asako: But your salary still goes up. It's dirty work either way. Might as well wag your tail for the guy who pays better.
JB: I'm not a dog!
Asako: Oh yeah? I am, and it's fine by me. I live like a dog, and I'll die like a dog too... If I get hit by a car crossin' the street, the state will come clean up my corpse for me. No muss, no fuss. Pretty great deal, right?
JB: Everything's so simple for you... Must be nice...
Asako: Ya think? Wannna switch jobs?
JB: No thank you!
Asako: Figured... Not that you could handle mine, even if you wanted to.
JB: Ugggh...
Asako: How long are you planning to moan? Just give up and do your damn job.
JB: That does it! I'm buying a car!
Asako: ...Uh, what? Where the hell did that come from?
JB: I can't keep this up unless I get myself a present! I'm buying a car! An incredibly EXPENSIVE car! And I'm buying it brand-new!
Asako: Uhh... well, do whatever you want. I'm not gonna stop you...
JB: What are you doing with the money you got, Asako? Putting it in your savings?
Asako: Nope. Already made my purchase, actually.
JB: Huh? You spent it already? On what!?
Asako: Heheh... Not telling you.
JB: Spit it out! Right now! You didn't buy something illegal, did you!?
Nurse: Thank you for waiting. We're ready to discharge Kazami Yuuji and transfer him to your custody. I'll show you to his room.
Asako: A'ight!
JB: Don't ignore me! What did you buy!?
Narration: *―Abandoned "dogs" are abandoned for a variety of reasons.*
Narration: *In my case... and Asako's... the reason involved our parents' problems. That's probably the single most typical situation.*
Narration: *Some people can't afford to raise their children. Some are inclined to violence and abuse. Some become parents before they're really adults themselves. Situations like that naturally give rise to victims.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji was just another perfectly ordinary case... another child whose life was disrupted by his family circumstances.*
Narration: *That said... "ordinarily," we expect that a child who suffered such hardships will be "saved" once they're over.*
Narration: *But the man who took in Yuuji after the death of his family was, of all things, an international terrorist. The random cruelty of it was unspeakable.*
Narration: *Not only had his parents failed him, his "foster father" had trained him to bite anybody who touched him. A traumatized puppy, tottering down the path to ruin without a hint of doubt in his mind...*
Narration: *That was Kazami Yuuji in a nutshell.*
Narration: *"This kid's going to be a real pain..."*
Narration: *Looking over the documents we'd put together, Asako had heaved a heavy sigh. And I'd found myself more or less agreeing with her thoughts on the matter.*
Narration: *...Hospital rooms have a distinctly ominous smell, regardless of what they're used for.*
Narration: *In most cases, it's faint enough to be overwhelmed by the scent of chemicals, so you'll barely even notice.*
Narration: *But when Asako and I entered Kazami Yuuji's room that day, the air was thick with a "dark" smell too strong to be erased by that of disinfectant.*
Asako: ...Looks like he's got a little color in his cheeks, at least.
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji was sitting halfway up in bed, his back against a pillow, an IV connected to his arm.*
Narration: *His face was frozen and blank - completely devoid of emotion. He wasn't doing anything other than drawing breath. The boy was, in other words, the very picture of an "invalid."*
Narration: *At the time of his rescue from Oslo's nest, Yuuji's mind had been clouded by an extreme vitamin deficiency; he didn't even remember being rescued by Asako.*
Narration: *At a glance, I saw that the crooks of his elbows were full of holes where the IV had been inserted. So many needles had been poked into the backs of his hands and feet that their skin was bruised and black.*
Narration: *According to the nurse who'd been in charge of him, he wasn't even trying to eat. And when they forced him, he'd vomit or develop diarrhea. There had been no choice but to rely on IV feeding and constant medication.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji was thoroughly convinced he had beaten his own father to death... and that his mother had died because of him.*
Narration: *Even quickly looking over the papers, it was obvious he'd gone through more than any child his age was equipped to endure.*
JB: ...Do you really think it's a good idea to take him out of the hospital?
Asako: There aren't many places that'd look after a troublesome brat like this, and they don't have an infinite number of beds. I'm sure they're eager to kick him out.
Asako: Hey, Kazami Yuuji. You're just taking up space here, so we're takin' you somewhere else. Get ready to leave, got it? I'll give you 40 seconds.
JB: That's no way to talk to the boy...!
Asako: What's the matter? Don't your ears work? Answer me, y'little shit.
JB: Hey! Don't hit him!
Asako: Hm? Why not? He's just some kid nobody wanted, right? That means I own him now. Like they say, "when one god abandons you, another finds you."
Asako: Hey, Yuuji. Look over here, idiot. Look at me.
Yuuji: ......
Asako: Listen carefully, kid. I'm the lady who found you. Which means I'm God. Got it?
Yuuji: ......
Asako: Say something, for chrissakes. I'll break your face, punk...
JB: Don't threaten him AS you're punching him! And stop thumping him like that! He isn't a toy, all right!? Can't you be a little more gentle!?
Asako: Don't be an idiot. A kid like this ain't used to being treated nicely. Doesn't think he deserves it, either. If you start treating him all gentle, he's just gonna assume you're an enemy.
Asako: He wouldn't know how to deal with someone being kind to him all of a sudden. But if you treat him like garbage, he'll listen to what you say. Right, kid? That's how it was for me, anyway.
Yuuji: ......
Asako: Listen up, Yuuji. At the end of the day, the world's one big pile of shit. There's no salvation anywhere, especially for maggots like you. No one's gonna lend you a hand.
Asako: People who sidle up to you acting like they're saints are the worst bastards of all. You know that much by now, right?
Asako: I'm not gonna be "nice" to you. I'm not interested in what you can do for the world, or why you were born...
Asako: And I don't give a shit why you've stayed alive so far, either. Seriously, who cares?
Asako: A dumb kid like you isn't gonna figure out any of that crap anyway, so I'll just make something up for you. All you gotta do is nod your head and obey your new God. Capiche?
Yuuji: ......
Asako: ...Ah christ, what a pain in the ass. Just get moving, all right? You belong to me now, so don't give me any lip, you hear!?
Narration: *I'm pretty sure Asako was trying to tell the boy to start moving forward instead of worrying endlessly. But her... somewhat forcible approach just seemed to push Kazami Yuuji even further into his shell.*
Narration: *The boy wouldn't react even when she thumped him or cursed him. Losing her temper, she practically dragged him out of his hospital bed, then took him straight back to her home.*
Narration: *...Although calling it a "home" might be slightly misleading. To put it mildly, Asako wasn't a fan of crowds; at the time, she was living in a forester's hut inside a national forest in Yamanashi Prefecture.*
Asako: Well then, we got the brat here... What now?
JB: ...You didn't plan ahead in the slightest, did you...? Typical.
Asako: What was that? The hell'd you tag along for, anyway? Why don't you go back to your own apartment?
JB: Because I'm worried about leaving you alone with the boy, obviously!
Asako: That some kind of a joke? I'm not a child, and I'm sure as hell not weak enough to get raped by a brat like this.
JB: I'm worried about him, not you! Okay!? Try to get that through your thick skull!
Asako: All right then. Let's start with a bath!
JB: You're not even listening to me! And why a bath, anyway!?
Asako: Uh, I'm pretty sure this kid hasn't had a good scrubbing in ages. He stinks like a stray dog. Seriously, take a whiff.
JB: ...Hm? *Sniff* *Sniff*... Oh, it's true. He does smell, doesn't he...
Asako: Which means it's bath time. Go buy him some clothes while I'm hosing him down, why don'tcha?
JB: ...Huh? Wait... don't tell me you're planning to go in there with him?
Asako: Can't exactly toss him in there alone in his current condition. What's the problem?
JB: Well, I... hmm... How can I put this...? Don't let yourself get in a funny mood, all right...?
Asako: What the hell are you even talking about? Just go, all right? You can take my wallet.
JB: ...Uh, okay...
Asako: All right, Yuuji, bath time. Lift your arms up... C'mon, gimme a banzai.
Yuuji: ......
Asako: Jesus, you're all skin and bones, kid. It's your own fault for not eating your damn food...
JB: ......
Asako: Hey, JB, pick up some food while you're at it, all right? Just grab something from the convenience store or whatever.
JB: ......
Asako: Hey, you listening to me?
JB: ...Huh? Whuh?
Asako: Don't "whuh" me. I just asked you to get some food while you're out.
JB: Oh, r-right... food... Sure. Would convenience store stuff be all right?
Asako: I already said that's fine, didn't I? Don't get all mesmerized by a naked kid, fer chrissakes...
JB: Wh-What? That's not it at all!
Asako: Whatever, just go already. Get food for three and booze for two.
JB: Uh, I'm not going to be drinking. I drove here today...
Asako: No worries. I'm gonna drink enough for two.
JB: ...Ah. I see.
Asako: Don't forget to buy the kid some clothes too, all right?
JB: Yes, yes! I know!
Narration: *Honestly, it wasn't as if I'd been staring at the boy's slender body itself...*
Narration: *I'd just been startled by the fact that it was absolutely covered in scars.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji's skin was mottled with deep bruises that seemed to indicate long years of physical abuse; a number of jagged red lines testified to wounds that had been roughly stitched shut. It was a painfully pitiful sight.*
Narration: *Not to mention... when Asako forcibly pulled off his clothes, he hadn't resisted in the slightest. It seemed like something he was very much used to.*
Narration: *That blank look on his face was probably a self-defense mechanism. When you don't allow yourself to feel any emotions, nothing can really hurt you.*
Narration: *It was the kind of coping method you might have expected from a traumatized veteran of countless wars.*
Narration: *In that respect... maybe someone like Asako really was the only one capable of understanding this boy.*
Asako: Oh, hey. Sure took your time. How far out did you go?
JB: ......
Asako: What the hell? Don't drop the shopping bag, damn it. The beer's gonna get all foamy!
Narration: *When I returned from my shopping trip, I found Asako behaving in a typically disgraceful fashion... and Kazami Yuuji completely transformed.*
JB: ...Uhm, Asako... before anything else, can I just ask why you don't have any clothes on? 
Asako: Huh? I just took a damn bath. Of course I'm naked.
JB: Look... there's a child in the room, and he's a boy. How about you cover up, like any halfway-normal person would? 
Asako: Little late for that now. By the way, if you're talking to me, how about making eye contact?
JB: ...What's with this kid...?
Asako: The hell are you talking about? It's Kazami Yuuji. Didn't have anything for him to wear, so I put him in one of my shirts for the time being. 
Narration: *The boy was naked, except for a single oversized t-shirt that fell almost to his knees.*
Narration: *Through the gaping neckhole of that ragged old shirt, his slender shoulders and well-defined collarbones were clearly visible...*
Narration: *And his eyes, peering out from between excessively long bangs, seemed listless and sleepy.*
Narration: *It was all disturbingly... sensual.*
JB: ...Didn't know he was such a pretty little thing...
Asako: Huh? What was that?
JB: Uh, nothing... I was just thinking that he's cleaned up well, considering how filthy he looked before...
Asako: I know, right? It was ridiculous. I kept dumping shampoo on his head, but the bubbles just vanished...
Asako: When I started scrubbing his body, the dirt was peeling off him like sunburned skin... I didn't even know it was possible to get that damn filthy.
Asako: Took a good three washings before that stray-dog smell finally disappeared, I guess? By the end, I was so pissed off that I started using a deck brush on him.
JB: That's awful... Didn't it hurt the boy?
Yuuji: ......
Asako: Says he's used to pain.
JB: What?
Asako: Kid doesn't talk very loudly. Lean over and listen carefully. Say that one more time, Yuuji.
Yuuji: I'm used... to pain...
JB: He speaks!
Narration: *His voice was so faint that I could barely make it out at all.*
Narration: *It almost seemed like he was afraid of something. My ear was inches from his mouth, and the words were still almost inaudible.*
Narration: *But even so... this was the first time I'd heard Kazami Yuuji say anything other than "yes," "no," "I don't know," or "I don't remember."*
Asako: Of course he speaks. Anyway, let's eat. I'm starving.
Narration: *The two of us quickly got dinner ready.*
Narration: *Of course, Asako had been living alone for a long time now, and she wasn't particularly interested in what she ate. As far as I knew, she almost never cooked for herself.*
Narration: *Just from looking around the cabin, it was clear that hadn't changed; plastic garbage bags were scattered everywhere, packed with the empty shells of convenience-store meals.*
Narration: *For the time being, I put one of the pre-made meals I'd purchased on a plate and placed it in front of Kazami Yuuji, but he didn't react to the food.*
Asako: What's the matter? Don't like it?
Narration: *Asako spoke to the boy in between huge bites of her own meal. There was no immediate response.*
Narration: *Just then, a single fly appeared and began buzzing around the three of us, evidently attracted by the smell of our food.*
JB: Ugh... you know, this is why you shouldn't leave your leftover food lying around all over the place. Clean up your cabin every once in a while, for crying out loud.
Asako: Ah, put a sock in it... It's a cabin in the middle of the damn woods. Of course there's gonna be bugs around. Just ignore the stupid thing.
Narration: *Having completed a lap around our heads, the fly landed on top of the table.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji glanced down at the insect, his eyes as listless as ever... then lashed out with his hand, smashing it.*
Asako: ...Oh?
Narration: *Asako raised her eyebrow at the boy's unexpectedly impressive reflexes. But a moment later, we had something else to be surprised about.*
Narration: *His hand still frozen on top of the fly, Kazami Yuuji had begun to tremble like a leaf in the wind.*
Yuuji: ...Ah...
Narration: *Turning over his palm, he looked down at the still-twitching remains of the insect... and began to scream hysterically.*
Yuuji: Aah... ah... aaaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *Crushing the fly had most likely triggered a flashback of some sort, perhaps to the moment when he'd "killed" his father. Pressing his hands to his mouth, the boy began to retch loudly.*
Yuuji: Hgh! Huuurgh!
JB: What the... Are you all right!?
Asako: Tch! Kid must've remembered something bad...
Narration: *As his all-but-empty stomach twisted itself violently, Kazami Yuuji repeatedly spat gastric juice out of his mouth.*
Narration: *The burning pain in his throat left him hacking and wheezing. Tears streaming down his cheeks, he whispered a litany of apologies.*
Yuuji: I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I didn't mean to...
Asako: Dammit. Don't go spitting up all over the place, kid... Cabin's dirty enough already...
JB: Asako!
Asako: Yeah, I know... Hey, Yuuji, get over here for a minute.
JB: Wait, where are you taking him!?
Asako: The bathroom. If he's gonna keep puking, I'd rather he did it there.
JB: Is he going to be all right!?
Asako: Leave the kid to me. Could you clean that up in the meantime?
JB: ...All right...
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji's reaction to his "murder" of a living thing was disproportionately extreme.*
Narration: *It took quite a while for Asako to calm the boy down after that incident. Eventually, she did manage to push him into bed and put him to sleep.*
Asako: ...Kid's one hell of a handful, isn't he...?
JB: You knew that from the start, didn't you? It's a little late for second thoughts now...
Narration: *By the time we'd gotten Kazami Yuuji in bed and cleaned up the mess, Asako and I weren't exactly in the mood to finish our meals. Instead, we started in on the beer I'd brought back with me.*
JB: *Gulp*... *Gulp*... *Gulp*... *Gulp*...
Asako: What, you're drinking after all? Don't you have to drive?
JB: It's fine. I'll stay here tonight...
Asako: There's only one bed, you know.
JB: ...I'll sleep on the sofa.
Asako: Want to squeeze in on either side of Yuuji? The bed's double-sized, so it wouldn't be impossible.
JB: ...Enough. Tell me, what are you planning to do?
Asako: About what?
JB: About Kazami Yuuji, of course. He's in even worse shape than we thought.
Asako: Yeah. I'm well aware...
JB: ...Do you really think you understand this boy...?
Asako: Well, did you get a look at his body?
JB: Oh. I see what you're getting at...
Asako: Just from what I saw in the bathroom, he's got two old gunshot wounds, one scar where someone twisted a knife in him...
Asako: Two sutures where he probably suffered bone fractures... and countless smaller bruises and scars.
Asako: Those aren't the sort of injuries you're gonna get from your old man knocking you around a bit. Most of them probably happened after Oslo took him in...
Asako: Also, the kid's got a serious fear of pointed objects. He'll flinch if you so much as jab a finger at him.
Asako: Odds are Oslo's people were injecting him with something when they sent him off to do their dirty work. Probably an equivalent to the "booster drugs" our company uses...
Asako: Either way, his pupils are constantly dilated. Makes him overreact to intense light and sharp objects.
Asako: I'm willing to bet he was locked up in that dark basement because he couldn't stand exposure to sunlight.
JB: ...Why was he physically restrained, then?
Asako: He was probably thrashing around in terror as he hallucinated... It's not so bad when the drugs are actually in your system, y'know? Nothing's scary. Feels like you can do anything.
Asako: But once the high wears off, all the fear comes rushing back at once. And the more of that stuff they pump into you, the worse the rebound can be.
JB: Do you think his lack of appetite is connected to all this as well?
Asako: Symptoms like that differ from person to person. It's probably got something to do with his specific experiences...
Asako: Seeing the corpses of his parents didn't help, I'm sure. When that kid looks at a mouth-watering steak, he might just be seeing "the charred flesh of a living thing," y'know...?
Asako: Either way, I'm pretty sure his refusal to eat is an extension of some sort of psychological trauma...
JB: But... at this rate, he's just going to starve himself to death.
Asako: ...Yeah, I know. We'll just have to figure out what he can tolerate, then gradually get him used to eating again...
Asako: After a long period of starvation, your brain starts to numb your sense of hunger... and your body loses the energy to fully digest a big meal. Eating normally takes some physical strength.
Asako: When you're as far gone as that kid, it's hard to even recognize the taste of what you're eating...
Asako: Your tongue starts telling you that salt is sweet, and you can't keep most solid food down... That's the reason they had him on an IV for so long in the hospital...
JB: ...Poor thing's a wreck. Emotionally and physically.
Asako: Probably would've been easier on the kid if we'd just killed him...
Asako: But I'm his god now. And I'm not about to permit him to die, even if he wants to.
JB: ...You do understand that a child's "gods" are their parents, right?
Asako: Yeah, yeah... Don't make me spell it out. It's embarrassing...
Narration: *―After that tumultuous first day, I made an effort to stop by Asako's cabin and check in on Kazami Yuuji's condition whenever I had a spare moment.*
Asako: Eat it! I don't care if you barf, just eat it! I'm not letting you leave until you actually take a bite, damn it!
Yuuji: Please... just stop already...
Asako: You're going to die if you don't eat, kid!
Yuuji: ...That's fine by me...
Asako: Why, you... Quit acting like a spoiled little shit! I'll kill you!
JB: ...If you want him to eat so he won't die, threatening to kill him seems a bit illogical...
Asako: Huh? The hell, JB? You could've said something instead of sneaking up on me. How long have you been there?
JB: I only got here a moment ago.
JB: Anyway, Asako, how about taking it down a notch? I could hear you bellowing from outside the cabin.
Asako: What about it? We're in the middle of a forest. I don't think the damn neighbors are gonna complain. Look, Yuuji, will you just choke it down? I'm not taking any more baths with you until you eat something!
Yuuji: ...Help me, JB...
JB: ...Uh...
Asako: Yuuji, you little shit! Don't give that shaggy-headed blonde the puppy-dog voice! You're just takin' advantage of her complete inexperience with men!
JB: ...Look, Asako... could you stop insulting me under the pretense of scolding Yuuji?
JB: Also, Yuuji... you're not exactly in the right here either.
JB: Asako's only being strict because she wants you to get better. Can you try to understand that...?
Narration: *In response to these words, Kazami Yuuji let out a small sigh and shook his head.*
Yuuji: ...You don't understand a thing, JB...
JB: Well... yes. You're the only one who knows all the pain you've gone through... But we're still trying our very best to understand you, okay...?
Yuuji: In that case... how about you try some of this first, as an example?
JB: Hm? Let's see... Uh, this? What is this stuff?
Asako: You can't tell? It's a special rice-gruel. I made it myself.
JB: Urgh! Bleegch! What is this!? "Rice-gruel"!? Is that some kind of ethnic food!?
Asako: It's a traditional home cooked meal. Easy to digest, easy to convert into energy. Japanese power food!
JB: ...Is there a reason why it smells like herbal medicine...?
Asako: Well, yeah. I tossed in a whole bunch of healthy crap. The smell might be a little strong, but it's packed full of nutrients, all right? Guaranteed to deliver a healthy boner or lubricated lady-parts.
JB: ...And what... is this object floating in the middle of the pot, which I can't even describe without censoring myself...?
Asako: Huh? What, you can't tell? That's a deer cock. Didn't come cheap, by the way.
JB: Gyaaaaaah!!
Asako: Ah! What the hell!? Why are you throwing it out!? That took forever to make, goddamn it!
JB: Yuuji! Oh, Yuuji! I'm sorry! I was wrong! You absolutely can't eat this stuff, okay!? It's poison! Poison! You'll die!!
Asako: Do you have to be so fuckin' rude? I didn't put anything inedible in there!
JB: That's not the problem! There's a more fundamental issue here!
JB: ...Argh, for crying out loud... I forgot how remarkably terrible you are at cooking...
JB: I was assuming you'd at least realize your own limitations, and stick to off-the-shelf meals... Maybe this was my fault, in a way...
Asako: That's a little harsh... It's not that damn bad, is it...?
JB: You think so!? Then try some! Here!!
Asako: Goddamn, that stinks! Stop pushing that deer dick at my face! Ugh! Blech!
JB: Don't force a child to eat something even you can't stomach!!
Asako: It's fine! Mix in a little curry powder, and you can eat pretty much anything!
JB: In that case, eat THIS! Eat the dick! Go ahead!!
Asako: ...Uh, nah... I'm already healthy, so I don't think that's necessary.
JB: Forcing the boy to eat something like this is only going to make him worse, I assure you...
Narration: *―In the end, I took over for Asako and prepared an alternative meal.*
Narration: *The menu wasn't anything special. I just whipped together a simple rice-based porridge.*
Narration: *Since Yuuji had been refusing solid food for quite some time, I was careful to keep it very thin... Practically "rice water," in fact.*
JB: ...Here, Yuuji. It's not too hot, I promise. Just open your mouth...
Asako: Don't spoil the brat. He can eat his own damn porridge.
JB: Oh, shut up... finish that deer-dick stew of yours, why don't you? I understand the ingredients are of the highest quality.
Asako: ...Ugh, it fuckin' stinks... Even the miracle powder has its limits, huh...? Goddamn it...
Narration: *Little by little, we began to get Yuuji eating again.*
Narration: *Sometimes, I did spoil him a bit...*
Narration: *And sometimes, Asako forcibly shoved the food into his mouth.*
Narration: *At first, the boy was moaning miserably with every bite; but eventually, he was managing to consume fairly normal meals again.*
Narration: *It wasn't too long before he started eating on his own, even without Asako prying his mouth open.*
Narration: *That said, he was always completely expressionless at the dinner table. He pushed the food into his mouth silently, with a mechanical steadiness...*
Narration: *It seemed like he was eating out of a sense of obligation, or because we'd told him to do so. I never saw the slightest sign he was actually enjoying his meal.*
Asako: Come on, Yuuji... There's no reason to scowl every time we eat. You still having trouble tasting anything...?
Narration: *Whenever Asako expressed any concern, Kazami Yuuji would always respond in the same way.*
Yuuji: Don't pay so much attention to me... Women who get close to me always end up dead...
Narration: *Of course, this was sheer nonsense, but the boy sounded quite sure of himself. That only irritated Asako, who'd usually reply with an exasperated "don't be such a goddamn baby."*
Asako: You've got it all wrong, kid. They didn't die because they got close to you. They died because you sat around doing nothing...
Asako: You're too old to get away with the helpless, blubbering baby number, all right? When someone helps you out, pay them back in kind.
Asako: Problem is, you convinced yourself you're not capable of that, and you don't know how to try. That's why things keep going south for you.
Yuuji: ...I don't understand, Asako...
Narration: *Yuuji was talking a good deal more now, but he remained fundamentally indifferent to everything, never showing any real interest in the world around him.*
Narration: *He wasn't impressed by anything you gave him.*
Narration: *Even slugging him wouldn't get you a reaction.*
Narration: *Well then. What exactly what would inspire interest from a boy of this age? A woman's body, perhaps?*
Narration: *By some unfathomable feat of mental gymnastics, Asako eventually reached this very conclusion, and revealed herself to Kazami Yuuji completely in the nude... only to be met with his usual blank expression.*
Asako: ...Hey, Yuuji. There's a naked woman standing in front of you. Have any thoughts about that?
Yuuji: ...You'll catch a cold...
Asako: God damn it, kids are the worst... I'm slightly hurt despite myself...
Narration: *Asako was quite proud of her voluptuous body's sex appeal, so she apparently found this particular setback a rather frustrating one.*
Narration: *In any case... where do we go from here?*
Narration: *After thinking it over for a while, Asako decided to consider alternative approaches.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji had exhibited an extreme response to the death of a living thing...*
Narration: *In that case, maybe having him deliberately kill something would work as a kind of shock therapy?*
Narration: *But then again, an approach like that might end up exacerbating the boy's trauma just as he was finally starting to recover...*
Asako: ...Hmmm... Hrrrrrrrrrrm...
JB: Uh, Asako... you're putting a big show of thinking, but your mind's totally blank, isn't it?
Asako: ...Hey, JB. What is a "living thing," exactly?
JB: ...Well, that's a tricky question. Let me give you a hint that should guide you to a precise answer...
JB: See that book on the top of your shelf there? Third from the right, with the thick red spine? That's a dictionary. You do know how to use one, right?
Asako: My mistake for asking you...
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji was frightened by "living things."*
Narration: *Was he afraid of life itself?*
Narration: *What does it really mean to be "alive," anyway?*
Narration: *What is it that drives us to go on living?*
Narration: *What's the purpose of our lives?*
Narration: *Having boastfully declared herself the boy's "God", promising to decide his reason for existing, Asako couldn't exactly shrug her shoulders and say, "Sorry, I dunno."*
Narration: *But however she agonized over these questions, no answers were emerging. Before long, she was scratching irritably at her head, letting out odd little moans of frustration.*
Asako: All right! For the time being, I'm taking him to the zoo!
JB: Uh, what...?
Narration: *Had she overloaded her mind thinking about "living things" until that idea somehow popped out? It had certainly come out of nowhere.*
Narration: *When sitting in a chair and thinking doesn't get you anywhere, you might as well try getting up and actually doing something...*
Narration: *It was a simplistic, careless line of thought, but that was par for the course where Kusakabe Asako was concerned.*
Narration: *The next Wednesday, after practically forcing me into giving her a day off work, she headed to the East Beach Animal Park with Kazami Yuuji in tow.*
Narration: *The boy hated crowds and confined spaces like trains, so the two of them drove over in a convertible 4WD, bringing the boxed lunches I'd made for the occasion.*
Narration: *Of course, this was the first time Asako had ever taken a child to the zoo. She didn't exactly know how to proceed once they arrived.*
Narration: *For starters, they wandered over to the elephants...*
Narration: *And then to the giraffes...*
Narration: *And then to the zebras...*
Narration: *And then to the koala bears.*
Narration: *Their haphazard tour had taken them past quite a variety of animals by this point, but Kazami Yuuji looked as drowsy and disinterested as ever. He'd hardly reacted to anything.*
Narration: *Trying to find something more impressive, Asako brought him over to the cages where they kept the big carnivores. But even then, the boy only offered a few bland comments along the lines of "That's a lion, huh? It's pretty yellow."*
Narration: *It seemed like he was making an effort to express his honest thoughts, knowing that Asako had gone out of her way to bring him over here...*
Narration: *But compared to realizing that a kid was trying not to hurt your feelings, it probably would've been less frustrating if he'd just stayed totally silent.*
Narration: *"You call this the king of beasts? Useless piece of crap!"*
Narration: *Clutching at the bars of the cage, Asako silently glared daggers at the perfectly innocent animals within.*
Narration: *Perhaps detecting a certain whiff of bloodlust in the air, one of the male lions turned in our direction and let out an intimidating roar. Naturally, this only got Asako's dander up.*
Narration: *"What's with the attitude, you worthless little shit!?"*
Asako: Shut the hell up!! Don't GRROWR me, asshole!! I'll fuckin' kill you!!
Narration: *From the lion's perspective, it might well have been a "stage roar" intended to provide his paying audience with a nice little thrill.*
Narration: *When this was answered by a furious threat on his life, the poor thing didn't have much choice but to slink off in defeat. Some customers just love to make your life difficult.*
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji had watched all this in a state of wide-eyed astonishment. And for one brief moment, he apparently cracked a smile.*
Narration: *They'd come all the way out to the zoo, but in the end, Kusakabe Asako had proven the most bizarre beast of all. With that tidy conclusion to the outing, the two of them returned home.*
JB: ...In any case, it does seem like there's been some improvement lately, right? He's starting to eat on his own, even if he doesn't have much of an appetite.
Asako: Yeah. That said, he's still tossing and turning in his sleep. Tends to wake up at least a few times every night..
Asako: And he's still a kid, so it's not like I can send him off to bed with a belly full of booze...
JB: "Operation Animal-Exposure" didn't seem to have that pronounced of an effect either.
Asako: Huh? The hell kind of a name is that for an operation...? Talk about lame...
JB: I don't want to hear that from YOU, of all people!!
Asako: Also, that operation's not over yet. We're just getting started.
JB: ...Huh? What are you planning now...?
Asako: What d'you think of having him personally raise something?
JB: Raise... what, exactly?
Asako: A dog.
JB: Huh...?
Asako: As a matter of fact, I've already spoken with our K9 people. I'm heading over there to pick up a puppy later today.
Narration: *That same evening, Asako returned to her cabin with a single young border collie in her arms.*
JB: Aw. You said it was coming from K9, so I assumed it'd be a German Shepherd...
Asako: It's a newborn from a border collie squad they're experimenting with in the field. Seems like they had a bigger litter than expected, so I got this one for free. Here, Yuuji, take a look. Pretty cute, right?
Yuuji: A dog...?
Asako: This dog belongs to you now. You're a pair, partners, whatever. If you're a second-year soldier, he's the fresh recruit... your new "war buddy." Make sure you look out for him.
Yuuji: ......
Asako: Don't give me that "Do I have to?" look. This thing's still a puppy, all right? It'll die in no time flat without your help. I promised the K9 guys we'd take good care of it, so you damn well better not let it croak.
Narration: *When she put it that way, Kazami Yuuji didn't have much choice but to agree, however reluctantly.*
Narration: *Asako promptly pushed the puppy to his chest. Holding it carefully in one arm, he reached up to scratch it on the head.*
Yuuji: ...What's its name...?
Asako: Huh? Uhhhh... what was it again? I'm pretty sure they named all the puppies, but...
Asako: The only thing I really remember is that this guy was the runt of the litter. He was tremblin' in a corner of the kennel when I went over and grabbed him.
JB: Well, that's not much help...
Asako: Eh, whatever. It's your dog now, kid. You come up with a name.
Yuuji: ...All right, then... "John"...
JB: That's awfully bland... "John Doe" is the name assigned to unidentifiable corpses, you know.
Asako: That pup's a girl, so it'd be "Jane." 
JB: That's really not the issue here...
Narration: *Surprisingly, Asako's spur-of-the-moment attempt at "animal therapy" actually proved quite effective.*
Narration: *The presence of a pet that was absolutely dependent on him for survival spurred Kazami Yuuji into developing a certain sense of responsibility. The change was gradual, but we began to observe signs of general improvement.*
Narration: *One day, I noticed the boy smiling as he tossed a ball around the cabin for the dog to fetch. It was a genuinely startling sight.*
JB: This is the first time I've ever seen him smile...
Narration: *It was a distinctly awkward, stiff expression. But when I saw it, I couldn't keep myself from smiling as well.*
Narration: *On a not-unrelated note... by this point, I was also beginning to observe remarkable changes in Kusakabe Asako's behavior.*
Narration: *Asako had always been known for her daredevil attitude. She was selfish, arrogant, and utterly fearless; sometimes, she could be so reckless that it seemed as if she actually wanted to die on the job.*
Narration: *But lately, her methods had become increasingly careful and prudent, a change that was the subject of much discussion.*
Narration: *It's probably safe to say that this had a lot to do with her new role as a "guardian."*
Narration: *Just as "John" was contributing to Kazami Yuuji's psychological healing process, Kazami Yuuji himself appeared to be having a similar effect on Asako...*
Narration: *Knowing that the boy was reliant on her protection, death was evidently losing whatever appeal it had once held for her. The childish pride she'd found in behaving recklessly seemed to be fading.*
Asako: ...Children are pretty damn interesting. They suck up everything you teach 'em like a sponge, then use it to come up with new ideas about the world...
Asako: All of a sudden, they'll start figuring out stuff you haven't even taught them yet... Never knew raising a kid could be so satisfying...
JB: Well, Yuuji's unusually bright, I think... Although "clever" might actually be the better word.
Asako: Yep. He's a sly little bugger, but I like that about him...
Narration: *Kazami Yuuji had recovered significantly in his time with Asako, to be sure. But the darkness in his heart hadn't faded completely.*
Narration: *He found it impossible to trust anyone other than Asako and me, and couldn't stand to go anywhere even slightly "crowded" with people.*
Narration: *Fearing the gaze of strangers, he wasn't even capable of walking his dog through the streets of the nearest town.*
Narration: *We'd been planning to let him heal slowly in the peaceful quiet of the forest, but it was becoming increasingly obvious that walking around a deserted mountain wasn't going to help him rejoin society.*
Narration: *...It was around this point that Asako abruptly submitted a letter of resignation to the organization known as "Ichigaya."*
Narration: *As her case officer, I was able to stop the letter at my desk before word reached the upper ranks. With that done, I immediately rushed over to Asako's cabin to confront her.*
JB: What is this, Asako!? Did you really just submit a letter of resignation!?
Asako: Hm? Yeah, I'm pretty sick of this job... It's gettin' to be a real pain in the ass...
JB: ...Do you understand what quitting the "company" would mean for you? This isn't a part-time job at a family restaurant. Walking off because you're bored of the work isn't going to cut it.
Asako: ...Yeah, I understand...
JB: You clearly don't! Despite everything, you're still an absolutely crucial agent at the very heart of CIRS!
JB: They're not going to let you just walk away! In the best-case scenario, they'd lock you up for the rest of your life. And there's a good chance you'll just be killed!
Asako: Eh, can't say I like either option... Help me out here, JB...
JB: ...Don't ask the impossible...
Asako: I know I'm being unreasonable, all right? But I'm asking you to help me out anyway... Is there really nothing you can do?
JB: Is this Yuuji's influence at work? You've seemed a little calmer lately, come to think of it... things were actually starting to look up for you... Why quit now...? Have you developed a fear of death...?
Asako: Well, I won't deny the kid's had an effect on me... and it's true that I'm starting to fear death...
Asako: But that's not the only reason, you know?
Asako: I guess I'm getting older... My right eye's getting worse and worse. To be honest, I'm probably not capable of ultra-long range sniping anymore.
JB: ...Your vision, huh...?
Narration: *In truth, Asako's age likely had nothing to do with the matter at hand.*
Narration: *In the course of an operation some years previously, she'd been struck in the right shoulder by a large-caliber bullet...*
Narration: *The injury itself was barely a scratch, but the shock of the impact had ruptured a number of capillaries, forcing a large amount of blood to surge backward. It had placed immense pressure on the optic nerve of her right eye.*
Narration: *After four operations, the doctors had managed to restore her vision... but the overall impact on her body remained unclear. They hadn't ruled out the possibility she'd die a sudden death from circulatory failure.*
Narration: *Asako's condition hadn't deteriorated in any detectable way over the last few years, but the lingering effects of that incident were clearly beginning to reassert themselves.*
JB: ...What are you going to do with yourself if you do leave the company..?
Asako: Well, a nice peaceful retirement isn't really my style... I'll probably pick up part-time work training the next generation, or head back to America and get a job as a hunting school instructor...
JB: ...What do you plan to do with Kazami Yuuji?
Asako: I'll take him with me, of course. Wherever I go.
Asako: The kid's basically my child. I want to make as much time as I can for him from now on.
JB: ...I see...
Narration: *After this conversation, I proceeded to submit Asako's letter of resignation (or a heavily-edited version thereof) to both Ichigaya and Akasaka.*
Narration: *In the end, she was permitted to retire from active duty, but not from her post; "Kusakabe Asako" would remain on Ichigaya's roster, if only as a part of the permanent reserve.*
Date: *July XX, 2012, 15:23 - "Ichigaya"*
Yuuji: ...I remember this part pretty well myself.
Yuuji: At the time, I didn't even know what Asako did for a living... and to be honest, I was too caught up with my own problems to spare too much thought for anybody else...
JB: There's nothing wrong with that. You were still a child back then.
Yuuji: You know, I thought I got past being a child a long time ago... but even now, I can't say I really feel like an "adult," either...
JB: Do you remember what was actually going through your head back then...?
Yuuji: I feel like I was worrying about all sorts of things... but at the same time, I think I spent most of my energy just trying to process the situation I'd found myself in.
JB: Well, you'd been through more than any child could really have coped with...
Yuuji: Yeah. Can't argue with you there...

Narration: *―Asako had taken me in; I was now living quietly in an isolated mountain hut, surrounded by nature. But for some time, I didn't really understand the ways in which my life had changed.*
Narration: *My hospital room and its depressing odors had been replaced with a small cabin enveloped by the stink of ripe grass.*
Narration: *The doctor who wore gold-rimmed glasses and smelled of cigarettes was gone, as was the nurse with the fake smile. They'd been replaced by a pushy, crude lady and a nagging blonde. That was about it, from my perspective.*
Narration: *Day in and day out, the only thing I thought about was escape.*
Narration: *I had to get out of this place.*
Narration: *I didn't even know what I needed to get away from, or where I'd run to. But that didn't change a thing.*
Narration: *I couldn't stay here. I couldn't stay anywhere for too long. If I did, something was going to track me down and kill everyone around me.*
Narration: *I didn't have the first idea what that "something" was.*
Narration: *But if it caught up to me, it was going to use my right hand to kill people.*
Narration: *The words of Li Lisheng... Heath Oslo... still rang in my ears.*
Narration: *"You mustn't let anyone into your life. Anyone you meet will inevitably hurt you. They see you as useless, as a nuisance; and so, they'll try to kill you. No matter what they say, you mustn't reply."*
Narration: *"These are the same people who murdered your family.  In order to torment you, they kill those close to you.  They're very, very wicked people."*
Narration: *"Whenever you begin to hold something dear,   they will come and take it from you.   Your mere presence brings disaster to all around you.  It doesn't matter that you've done nothing wrong."*
Narration: *"Your mere presence brings grief to those close to you.   No one needs you or wants you.   You have nowhere to run; no one to protect you."*
Narration: *"But never fear... I'm on your side.   I'm the one man in the world who understands you."*
Narration: *"It's terrible, isn't it? It must hurt so much.  I understand completely."*
Narration: *"You, my poor child, are a fruit fallen prematurely from the tree of life. No one's going to take notice of you. At most, they'll scowl at you as you rot. Yes... I'm afraid they all despise you."*
Narration: *"But there's no need for despair.   I'll pick you up out of the dust."*
Narration: *"I'll pick you up, retrieve your seeds,   and plant you in a new and fertile land."*
Narration: *"And once you finally bloom into maturity,   you'll bear many fine fruits on your branches.   In this, you'll repay my kindness. You see?"*
Narration: *"Sadly, I haven't yet found the place to plant you.  Those wicked people keep getting in my way."*
Narration: *"Before anything else, we need to eliminate them.  And that is precisely the task you must carry out."*
Narration: *"Come, Yuuji. On your feet,   before your body simply rots away."*
Narration: *"Give me your hand. This medicine will keep you from rotting."*
Narration: *"You can do this, can't you?   Take the first step toward your very own promised land..."*
Yuuji: No...
Narration: *"You have no choice in the matter, Yuuji."*
Yuuji: No... No...
Narration: *"The promised land...   is your only possible destination."*

Yuuji: Nooo!!!
Narration: *―I've heard that dreams are the brain's way of processing our memories.*
Narration: *I suppose that would explain why my nightmares were always so terrible. My brain didn't exactly have anything pleasant to work with.*
Narration: *Awakening in the dark, I looked around the cabin, faintly illuminated by the starlight filtering in through the window. My pupils had probably dilated again.*
Narration: *When I lifted my sweaty upper body from the bed, the entire cabin seemed to tilt underneath me. For a moment, it felt as if I might just slide down the floor and fall off into nothingness.*
Narration: *I was exhausted, physically and mentally, but it didn't feel like I could possibly fall back asleep. From beyond the curtain that separated our beds, I could hear Asako snoring softly, almost like a child.*
Narration: *I lowered my feet to the floor and stood up, then looked in on Asako. Finding her curled up like a cat in her bed, I proceeded to quietly make my way out of the cabin.*
Narration: *What on earth was I doing here...?*
Narration: *It was long past time to make a break for it.*
Narration: *But where was I going to go after leaving this place? Nothing really came to mind.*
Narration: *Maybe I'd just die by the side of the road somewhere. The idea didn't really bother me, to be honest. It wasn't as if I deserved anything better.*
Narration: *My life didn't have any real purpose. I was just a small animal like any other, running around frantically because it didn't want to die.*
Narration: *As I stepped outside the cabin, I glanced up and found the sky absolutely full of stars.*
Narration: *"...It's so beautiful..."*
Narration: *The mountain air was clear, and we were a long way from the glaring lights of the city, so the night sky was breathtakingly brilliant. I'd forgotten just how many stars there were up there.*
Narration: *As I stared at the twinkling panaroma above, feeling as if it might swallow me whole, I felt something brush against me. When I looked down, I found the puppy Asako had given me rubbing up against my leg.*
Narration: *"Oh, right... Almost forgot about you..."*
Narration: *Even if I were to flee, I couldn't just leave the dog behind.*
Narration: *Back when Mom ran away from my father... I was probably a lot like this puppy in her eyes.*
Narration: *Not that I had any way to know for sure, now that she was gone.*
Narration: *In any case, there was nowhere for me to run.*
Narration: *There was no one left out there who'd protect me.*
Narration: *Even the man who'd promised to keep me safe had disappeared.*
Narration: *All I had left in the world was this puppy. Nothing else.*
Narration: *But even so...*
Narration: *This woman named "Kusakabe Asako" just might be able to help me.*
Narration: *Even if the devil caught up to me, and my right hand tried to kill someone again... she might be able to stop me.*
Narration: *Even if my hand tried to kill her, she might be able to survive. She didn't seem the type to die easily. Maybe she'd even be kind enough to kill me instead.*
Narration: *There aren't any saints out there; no one's really "on your side." I knew all that by now, but... maybe I could try trusting that woman anyway. Couldn't hurt to give it one last shot, right?*
Yuuji: ...Let's go back in...
Narration: *Deciding to head back into the cabin and try my best to fall asleep, I bent down and picked up the dog at my feet.*
Narration: *When I turned around, I found myself face-to-face with Asako. She was leaning against the doorway, arms folded, with a wry smile on her face.*
Asako: ...What's the matter? Can't sleep? Want me to tuck you in and read you a picture book?
Narration: *I answered this somewhat sardonic offer with a deeply sarcastic smile.*
Yuuji: ...All right then. "Snow White" sounds good...
Asako: Hah! Cute...
Narration: *From that point on, I found myself willing to "trust" this Kusakabe Asako woman... At least on a superficial level.*
Narration: *This marked the beginning of my "rehabilitation" period. Little by little, I began to adjust to living with Asako and my dog in that isolated cabin.*
Narration: *But one day, completely out of nowhere, Asako walked over to me and issued the following proclamation...*
Asako: Listen up, Yuuji. When you're a kid, the guys who run fastest get all the girls!
Narration: *I didn't see why being popular with women was so important. But I was aware that I'd grown weak physically, so I went along with the routine Asako proposed: waking up at 5 AM every morning for a run around the mountain with my dog.*
Narration: *Fortunately, I didn't dislike running in the first place.*
Narration: *In fact, you could probably say it had been my only form of recreation for a while there.*
Narration: *I ran at a steady rhythm, carefully establishing my pace, and watched the scenery flow slowly by.*
Narration: *After five kilometers or so, my body would beg me to stop.*
Narration: *Still, I always pushed myself to go just a little further. By the time I passed the eight-kilometer mark, the discomfort faded away entirely; it felt like I could go as far as I wanted.*
Narration: *Of course, I'd end up regretting it if I got carried away here. That feeling meant I'd hit my peak. Unless I headed home now, I wouldn't make it back to the starting point.*
Narration: *The rolling path I was using ran the circumference of the mountain for a total of sixteen kilometers. It was a rough trail; Asako herself had made it by running through the woods when she was younger.*
Narration: *Every morning, I followed in her footsteps with John at my side.*
Asako: ...Oh, made it back already? That didn't take long. Not half-bad for a kid... You didn't take a shortcut halfway through, did you?
Yuuji: No...
Asako: Well, not like there's any other path you could take, even if you wanted to. Whatever you do, don't try to cheat. If you start cutting straight through the woods, you'll get lost in no time, guaranteed.
Yuuji: On a small mountain like this...?
Asako: Give it a try if you think I'm lying. Hell, you can take a compass if you want.
Asako: Take a look above. The foliage up there's thick enough that barely any sunlight reaches the ground. You can try to go forward using a compass, but moving around rocks and fallen trees is gonna throw you off-track sooner or later.
Asako: It's pretty common to walk 2 or 3 hours before you finally reach a familiar path... and then realize you're only 200 meters from where you went off-trail in the first place.
Asako: If you seriously want to give it a try, make damn sure you take a cell phone or two-way radio with you, all right? Even I might not be able to track you down if you start wandering around in the woods after getting lost.
Yuuji: I don't really doubt you, and I'm not planning on testing it...
Asako: That's wise. The mountain itself might be relatively small, but you do get some bears and wild boars around here every once in a while.
Yuuji: ...Couldn't you have mentioned that before I went jogging...?
Asako: Ah, no worries, they don't show up that often. And you've got John out there with you for protection, right?
Yuuji: ...You're really casual about these things, aren't you...
Asako: You should try being a little more "casual" yourself, kid. Might make your life more enjoyable.
Narration: *I didn't really give a damn what happened to me, which honestly seemed like a pretty "casual" attitude in its own right. But I cared even less about this argument, so I kept the thought to myself.*
Narration: *Over the first few days of my new morning routine, I didn't encounter any bears...*
Narration: *But I did notice a few tree trunks where boars had marked their territory, and a mud wallow where one had evidently rolled around to trap the parasites in its fur.*
Narration: *"So there really are wild boars out here..."*
Narration: *It was a little unnerving, but I kept up my daily run with John anyway, slowly regaining my strength. And once I was more or less back to normal... Asako proceeded to throw a new curveball my way.*
Asako: All right, kid. You're actually pretty quick on your feet, huh? Seems like it's about time we moved on to stage two.
Yuuji: Stage two...?
Asako: Listen up, Yuuji. Guys who run fast are only heroes in elementary school! Once you hit middle school, it's the rough 'n' tough brawler types who get all the girls!
Narration: *Seriously, what was so important about "getting girls"...? In the first place, who was I supposed to be "getting" out in the middle of nowhere?*
Narration: *It didn't make much sense to me, but... arguing would probably be more trouble than it was worth.*
Yuuji: ...Okay. So what do you want me to do?
Narration: *When I offered this reflexive response, Asako quickly ripped off her jacket and tossed it aside.*
Asako: All right, punk! Come at me!
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *This woman was... seriously macho.*
Yuuji: ...Guys who get into fist-fights with women aren't going to be popular, you know...
Asako: What, you scared? God, kid. Do you even have any balls?
Yuuji: ...Of course I do. You've seen them yourself... and laughed at them while you yanked them around...
Asako: Oh? Did I do that? Well, whatever. If you're not gonna move, I will! Here goes!
Yuuji: Wh... Wha!?
Narration: *For an instant, I wasn't even sure what had happened to me.*
Narration: *I hadn't been sent flying like that since my time at Oslo's "school," when one of the instructors had thrown me halfway across the training ground.*
Narration: *A sharp burning smell prickled the inside of my nose; I had the sense something was "melting" inside my head. I'd almost forgotten what this felt like.*
Asako: ...Hm. You know how to break a fall, at least. Interesting. C'mon, get up. Let's try that again.
Yuuji: Guh... Dammit...
Asako: Oh? Braced yourself against the pain the instant you realized you couldn't break out of my hold? Seems like you've got the basics down.
Yuuji: ...Guh!
Asako: Still, toughing it out isn't gonna get you anywhere. Here we go!
Yuuji: Agh!
Asako: ...You've got a pair of twigs for arms, kid. If you're weaker than your opponent, use their strength instead. Here, I'm givin' you a shove. Get ready for it...
Yuuji: Hnh...!
Asako: See? When your opponent plants themselves like that, you can use their own power against 'em. Like... this.
Yuuji: Gahah!
Asako: What's the matter? I didn't use any force at all. You fell down all on your own, see?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, I get the idea...
Narration: *Of course, understanding in theory didn't mean I could compete. Given her skill, the difference in physical size and strength was just too much to overcome.*
Narration: *Still, the casual way she tossed me around was kind of pissing me off, so I began trying pretty seriously to make her regret it...*
Narration: *But the woman wasn't just bigger than me, she also had long limbs that made it hard to get in close and grapple.*
Narration: *On top of that, her style of hand-to-hand combat was a strange mishmash of techniques, so it was all but impossible to get a read on her.*
Yuuji: ...If you can't take them out by crushing their head... try to at least do some damage to their extremities...
Asako: ...Yowch! You little shit! You seriously tried to break my pinky, didn't you!?
Yuuji: Imagine a wall on your right... Swing your right arm up with all your body weight behind it...
Asako: Ah! Dammit!
Asako: Gaaah! Hey! Hold it! Get your arm off my neck! Seriously!? Punk kid!
Yuuji: ...Guh!!
Asako: Haha! Nice one, Yuuji! If you had a bit more weight to work with, that would've been seriously bad!
Yuuji: ...Are you satisfied yet? Let's just stop... I hate this sort of thing...
Asako: What, tryin' to quit while you're ahead? I don't think so, ya little punk... Let's go!!
Yuuji: ...Gahah!!
Asako: Listen, Yuuji... You don't understand a damn thing. Can't even tell the difference between being "strong" and being "violent," can you?
Yuuji: What difference is there!?
Asako: When you use power correctly, it's "strength"!
Yuuji: ...Gofh!
Asako: When you use it incorrectly, it's "violence"!
Yuuji: ...Gehah!!
Asako: And you're the one who has to decide what's "correct" and what isn't! You don't have to do something just because you can! Not using your strength is another form of power! An iron will moves mountains, see!?
Yuuji: Gwaaah!!
Asako: ...Look, Yuuji, real "strength" isn't anything like a knife in the hand of some stupid thug. It's something a man uses when he has to be a man...
Asako: Whether he's protecting the weak, or standing up for his way of life... there comes a time in any man's life when he needs to fight, no matter what the cost...
Asako: And the real test of a man is what he can do at times like those... You understand?
Yuuji: ...I don't even want to understand! Violence is violence!
Asako: God, you're such an idiot...
Asako: Okay then... since you clearly aren't the sharpest tool in the shed, I'll try making this even simpler...
Asako: For example... let's say the woman you love ends up in an absolutely desperate situation. Wouldn't you be frustrated if you couldn't do a damn thing to help her?
Yuuji: I...!
Asako: Without "strength," you can't even lift an immobile woman onto your back and make a run for it...
Yuuji: A real man would do something before it came to that...!
Asako: Aren't you a cocky little brat? In the real world, things don't always go as smoothly as we like. Think you'd know that better than anyone...
Yuuji: .........
Asako: There's no telling when shit's gonna hit the fan. And that's why men need to keep their fangs nice and sharp... Remember that.
Yuuji: Aggh! Owww!!
Narration: *Again and again, she smacked me and wrestled me to the ground. Yanking my arm up behind me, she pressed her knee into my back until the air was forced out of my lungs. It was a struggle just to breathe.*
Asako: Hmmm? What's the matter? You're a man, aren't you? You oughta be enjoying the challenge... Don't give up so damn easily. If you lose the mental battle, you'll be done in no time...
Yuuji: Hnnngh!!!
Asako: No matter how badly you get knocked around, you haven't lost the fight until you fold. Doesn't matter how desperate things are... There's always a chance, as long as you don't give up.
Asako: Strength isn't your only weapon. Use your head, too. Use anything and everything you can... Come on, what's the matter? Try a little harder, why don't you...
Yuuji: Ngggh...
Yuuji: Joooooohn!
Asako: Ah! Hey, don't go calling for your damn dog! That's cheap!!
Yuuji: You're the one who told me to use anything I can! Get her, John!
Asako: ...Yaaoowwwwch!
Narration: *In the end, no matter how many times I challenged her, I never did manage to beat Asako without John's help.*
Narration: *It was honestly pretty humiliating. I got frustrated enough to try more or less anything, but no matter what, I just couldn't get the upper hand.*
Narration: *Of course, it wasn't as if beating Asako in a fight would have meant anything, so there was no real reason to keep trying... but that felt like "sour grapes" thinking, and I couldn't shake a lingering sense of irritation.*
Narration: *Deciding to outsmart Asako somehow, I began to watch her like a hawk for some sign of weakness. But before I could find one, she went ahead and made another absurd proclamation.*
Asako: Listen up, Yuuji. Guys who can fight are popular in middle school, even if they're a little dimwitted... but once you're in high school, it's the smart kids who get all the ladies!
Yuuji: ...Not this again...
Narration: *After all that about training my body and developing my willpower, now she was suddenly telling me to spend more time studying?*
Yuuji: ...Just so you know, JB already helps me study, and I'm doing fine with my correspondence school courses.
Asako: Hah! What a goody two-shoes! You think grades have anything to do with how smart you are!? That shaggy-headed woman's lame-ass worldview must be rubbing off on you. Don't listen to her crap!
Yuuji: Okay, so... are you "smart" yourself, Asako?
Asako: Damn straight! Might not know it to look at me, but I can read books like nobody's business!
Yuuji: ...Wow. Very impressive...
Asako: Do I detect a hint of sarcasm, punk?
Yuuji: Uh... well, I do think most Japanese people who got through middle school can read books just fine. Come to think of it, though... you actually do spend a lot of time reading, don't you?
Asako: Right? I'm a regular intellectual.
Yuuji: Okay... I don't know about calling yourself an intellectual, but... I guess I'll roll with it, just to make my life a little easier...
Asako: Fer your information, I'm a lot smarter than that shaggy-headed "teacher" you respect so much.
Yuuji: ...Really? If we're talking about books, I'm pretty sure JB's read plenty herself...
Asako: True, but she just reads 'em and puts 'em aside. After I finish a book, I put the information I got from it to the test.
Yuuji: In other words... when you finish a fighting manga, you try to imitate the hero's special move?
Asako: Uh, no. Although I guess you're not that far off, really...
Asako: For example... if I read a book about planting a home garden, I'll actually give it a shot myself when I'm done. I'm testing whether the knowledge I gained is actually useful or not, see?
Yuuji: Oh... I think I kind of understand what you mean. When I was little, I used to read my sister's science magazines and try out some of the experiments myself...
Asako: That's the idea! When some big-shot author says "this is how things are," JB swallows it whole without a second thought...
Asako: But I don't take their word for anything until I've tried it out myself! Which of us is the really "knowledgeable" one, huh?
Yuuji: Yeah, I get it... Okay. My big sister was the same way... She always used to say that experience is the highest form of knowledge. I can't remember how many times she told me to "try it out and see what happens"...
Asako: ...Hrm. Was your sister a genius or something?
Yuuji: Well... everyone said she was, ever since she was little. She got pretty cranky when people said it to her face, though...
Asako: I see... Guess that might explain why you seem weirdly slick sometimes...
Yuuji: ..."Slick"?
Asako: Eh, that's just what they call "clever" guys in the army... Basically means "someone you better keep an eye on."
Yuuji: The army...?
Asako: Let's not get sidetracked here. Point is, experience is everything! Knowledge you haven't put to the test is about as useful as a virgin's opinions on women. Total waste of space in your brain.
Yuuji: ...That seems like a pretty extreme argument in its own right...
Asako: In any case, read plenty of books, and test out anything that gets you curious. That's how you get practical knowledge of the world... the sort of stuff that carries you through life.
Asako: Just let me know if there's anything you want to read. I don't care if it's a comic book. I'll buy it. You can read whatever you want, for as long as you want.
Asako: Books are like their authors' lives in printed form, right? They're packed full of other people's experiences.
Asako: So when you try out the parts that interest you, that means you're absorbing bits of other people's lives. Pretty damn good way to get ahead in life.
Yuuji: Okay, well... I always used to read the books my sister had finished, so... I guess I'll just read whatever you're done with, Asako...
Asako: I suppose that's good enough for starters...
Asako: I'm not much better than JB when it comes to teaching, you know? This is about all I can do for you, education-wise...
Asako: I know it ain't much, but... I think it might do you some good, and that's good enough for me...
Asako: It might sound stupid, but reading really is one hell of a good thing, okay? I want you to enjoy life more... and the right book can open up all sorts of new possibilities...
Yuuji: ...Okay...
Narration: *As of that day, I was explicitly allowed to read any of the books on the shelves in Asako's room.*
Narration: *Most of these were practical how-to books, but every once in a while, a novel or two that JB had brought over would be mixed in.*
Narration: *I worked through "classic" mysteries, popular bestsellers, new books from famous authors, and science magazines for young adults that we subscribed to through JB...*
Narration: *For a while there, I spent pretty much all my free time reading, occasionally setting up practical experiments based on some detail that caught my interest.*
Narration: *After a while, I realized that Asako's analogy hadn't been that silly after all. It really was like stepping into someone else's life; and by absorbing new experiences and ideas, I was slowly expanding my knowledge of the world.*
Narration: *By this point, I'd settled into a routine. In the morning, I'd go out on my daily run, then read the books JB assigned as part of my "curriculum." In the afternoon, I learned practical skills like hand-to-hand combat from Asako.*
Yuuji: It's like I'm in the army or something...
Narration: *When I made this particular complaint, Asako grinned, muttered "true enough" under her breath...*
Asako: Don't worry. By the time I'm done with you, you'll be able to fight a hundred soldiers single-handedly...
Narration: *...and made me a truly absurd promise.*
Date: *July XX, 2012, 15:58 - "Ichigaya"*
Yuuji: Of course, at that point I still didn't have any idea what line of work Asako was in...
JB: Just out of curiosity... back then, what sort of job did you think I had?
Yuuji: Let's see... You were always wearing nice suits, so I guess I pictured you working for a foreign IT company or something...
Yuuji: I'm not really sure. But for some reason, I was pretty convinced you were an ambitious career woman...
JB: ...What did you think about Asako, then?
Yuuji: ...Uh, well... I don't want to speak ill of her or anything, but... She was always hanging around the cabin, and when she did leave for work, it seemed pretty random. Half the time she'd come back drunk...
Yuuji: For a long time, I thought she was a pachinko pro... or something equally shady.
JB: Well, it wouldn't be entirely wrong to say she was doing "shady" work, I'm afraid.
Yuuji: Come to think of it, this was just about the point where I started getting curious about what Asako did for a living...

Narration: *"Kusakabe Asako."*
Narration: *That was the name of my current foster parent.*
Narration: *I didn't know her age. She'd probably have told me if I asked, but I honestly wasn't that interested.*
Narration: *At a glance, it didn't seem like she'd even hit 30 yet...*
Narration: *But something about her arrogant attitude and crude, masculine language made her seem oddly "jaded" for someone her age. This might sound a little rude, but it felt like she was older than her years in a lot of ways.*
Narration: *I guess I would have classified her as the sort of person who's beautiful until they open their mouth.*
Narration: *In any case, I didn't know much of anything about Asako, even though we'd been living together in that cabin for quite some time.*
Narration: *There can be something appealing about a "woman of many secrets," but in Asako's case, one mystery in particular kind of stood out... Specifically, her occupation.*
Narration: *She seemed to pass most of her time hanging around the cabin all day long.*
Narration: *In the daylight hours, she'd drink booze and watch TV in her underwear. Once she got sleepy, she'd nod off on the spot. It was like watching a polar bear at a zoo... or a really lazy college student.*
Narration: *But every once in a while, she'd get a phone call and tell me she was "going to work," and then head down off the mountain by herself. *
Narration: *At the earliest, she might come back a few hours later; at the latest, she'd sometimes be gone for two or three days at a time.*
Narration: *Whenever she did get back from one of these "jobs," she'd bring a huge amount of groceries and everyday goods with her, and promptly resume her polar-bear lifestyle.*
Narration: *I was a kid who didn't know much about the world, but even to me, it was pretty obvious Asako wasn't working a "normal" job. At the very least, she wasn't a full-time employee working at some respectable company.*
Narration: *Asako had never explained what exactly she was doing on those days she left the mountain...*
Narration: *But every once in a while she came home injured, so I had a vague idea it might be something kind of dangerous.*
Narration: *Putting it all together... her general "line of work" seemed relatively obvious.*
Narration: *It was probably a really tough way to make a living. True, she did spend most of her time in a ratty old tanktop and cargo pants, lounging around on the sofa and guzzling beers...*
Narration: *...or chomping away at chocolate bars while reading books, but I couldn't exactly bring myself to criticize her, given the circumstances.*
Asako: ...What the hell? There some reason you're staring at me...?
Yuuji: ...It's nothing...
Asako: Look, if you've got something to say, just say it.
Yuuji: Uhm... what do you do for a living, Asako?
Asako: What? Did JB assign you an essay for homework or something?
Yuuji: Nothing like that... I was just thinking you've never really mentioned it...
Asako: Hm, guess you're right...
Asako: My job, huh... What's your best guess?
Yuuji: ...Are you a pachinko pro...?
Asako: Look, kid...
Yuuji: Was I wrong?
Asako: Yeah. I mean, where'd you even get that idea?
Yuuji: Well, you don't go to work every day... You tend to just wander off, then come back randomly with a bunch of chocolate bars...
Asako: ...Uh... It's just, you know...
Narration: *When I pointed this out, Asako ejected the chocolate bar she'd been gnawing on from her mouth with an expression of mild embarrassment.*
Yuuji: And sometimes you come back injured, right? I guess I thought you were getting into fights with gangsters or something...
Asako: You got it all wrong. I work for the government.
Yuuji: ...Are you a garbage collector or something?
Asako: Nope. I'm a civil servant.
Yuuji: ...Asako, I don't think that means what you think it means. Hold on, I'll go get a dictionary...
Asako: Don't bother! I know what the damn words mean, and I'm using them correctly!
Yuuji: But... a civil servant? That's someone who works for the country, or a local government... right?
Asako: Yep, this country's my client. JB and I both have our salaries paid by the national government.
Yuuji: Oh, I could understand that in JB's case... She's always wearing a suit and everything...
Asako: Well, we work at the same place, but she's white collar and I'm blue collar.
Yuuji: ...?
Asako: Don't get it, huh...? Well, I guess you wouldn't...
Yuuji: What do you actually do at this job?
Asako: We take out our enemies.
Yuuji: ...Well, that's pretty blunt... Who are these "enemies," then?
Asako: Anyone who gets on the wrong side of the "nation" is an "enemy."
Yuuji: Asako... you're really not explaining this very well...
Asako: I'm just keeping it nice and easy to understand, okay? I take out bad guys for a living. Simple as that.
Yuuji: ...Like a comic book hero or something?
Asako: Not even close... Alright, let me try explaining this with an easy schoolyard analogy.
Asako: Let's say you start up a gang with the guys in your class, then go around gettin' into fights with other classes. What happens when the school's top dog hears about that?
Asako: Naturally, you're gonna end up having to scrap with the big man himself.
Asako: He gathers everyone from the other classes and tells 'em you're public enemy number one. Naturally, you get the crap beaten out of you. The minute that happens, your so-called pals throw in the towel, and you're left isolated.
Asako: Now that he's beaten you black and blue, maybe the top dog decides to order you "never to use violence again." Of course, you can't just agree to that. But since you lost the fight, you don't have any choice in the matter.
Asako: At this point, your class rep "Yoshida" gets a little wily and convinces the big man to promise that he'll handle all the fighting for you guys from now on...
Asako: Still, even if you are one of his flunkies now, the guy doesn't want to spend all his time takin' care of your problems for you.
Asako: It'd look bad if he backed out here, so maybe he says "From now on, I'll deal with anyone who picks a fight with you"... But is that really the sort of promise you want to be countin' on?
Asako: Let's say some punk with a chip on his shoulder goes after you on the street some day. Sure, you can call your new boss and beg for help. But what if he tells you "Sorry, I've got cram school today" or something? You're screwed.
Asako: Under the circumstances, you need to be able to gather information, and you need to be able to protect yourself.
Asako: The boss took away all your weapons... All of our country's weapons, that is. But fortunately, he decided to let us keep a "shield." We're permitted to arm ourselves defensively so that we can respond to any immediate threats.
Asako: That said... you've heard the saying "once bitten, twice shy," right?
Asako: Countries that get their ass kicked in a war tend to be a little reluctant about trying to build up a big, flashy military again... Some people figure that having weapons only encourages the other guy to give you a black eye.
Asako: So buying yourself a pile of weapons is off-limits. Honestly, you don't have that kind of money anyway. But if you keep relying on your new bossman, he's gonna get sick of bailing you out. What do you do?
Yuuji: ...I'd have to take care of things myself, but as quietly as possible...
Asako: That's right. Listen, Yuuji, the boss of our "school" sees Japan as its northern gateway...
Asako: And although it's kinda rich for them to complain after taking so much away from this country, it really is almost comically defenseless against foreign aggression.
Asako: With that in mind, a bunch of countries led by the "boss" kicked in to fund an informal anti-terror organization here, under the pretense of "protecting Japan's nuclear facilities"...
Yuuji: ...Sorry, this is starting to get confusing. I don't really get it...
Asako: Uh... right, well... Hmmm... How am I supposed to explain this?
Asako: Basically, there's some countries out there who'd like to take this place over by force, okay? And this country doesn't have a lot of the things it needs to fight them off.
Yuuji: ...Like an army?
Asako: That's right. Japan doesn't have an army. The bossman's country could send over theirs, but there's all sorts of red tape and annoying restrictions...
Asako: So instead, they created a whole new organization here. Officially speaking, its mission is to defend Japan's nuclear facilities... It's not part of the "military," and it doesn't get funded from the national defense budget.
Asako: Technically, it's classified as a "special organization" under control of the Japanese Ministry of Defense. Understand?
Yuuji: ...Is there any simpler way you could explain this?
Asako: Uhhh... well, I guess it's kinda like a secret police force? Although it doesn't really have any law-enforcement powers...
Yuuji: What's a "secret police force"...?
Asako: Don't get that either, huh...? Man, I'm at a loss... We don't really have to worry about explaining this stuff to kids very often, so it's hard to find the right words.
Asako: Hmmm... do you know about the American NSA, or the CSS?
Yuuji: ...The people who make the space shuttles...?
Asako: No, not NASA... Haven't heard of them, huh? Guess you wouldn't have... Anyway, uh, they're basically organizations that chase and capture the kinda bad guys that regular police can't deal with.
Yuuji: So you're a police officer?
Asako: No, not exactly. I'm an agent.
Yuuji: ...An agent...?
Asako: Hmmm... I guess that kinda makes you think of spies, huh...? Maybe "operative" would be a better word.
Yuuji: So what exactly do you do?
Asako: Well, like I said... uhh... extra-legal operations?
Yuuji: That's not very specific.
Asako: Will you stop asking annoying questions? Basically, I track down and capture bad guys who slip past the eyes of the law.
Yuuji: How is that different from being a police officer?
Asako: It's really not the same at all... Well, I guess the biggest difference is probably who you're up against. The police deal with people who break the law, or "criminals." We're dealing with "enemies."
Yuuji: What's the difference? They're both people who do evil things, right?
Asako: Some enemies aren't doing anything evil.
Yuuji: I don't get it.
Asako: Look, Yuuji... What do you think evil is, anyway?
Yuuji: Doing bad things is evil. It's simple as that.
Asako: Okay then. What does that make goodness? Doing the right thing?
Yuuji: ...Yeah, that's right. 
Asako: And who gets to decide whether what you're doing is the "right thing"?
Yuuji: ...My big sister did that for me... Kazuki always had the answer for me, whenever I needed one...
Asako: Hah, c'mon now. If your sister says something is correct, does that make it true? What if she went crazy or something?
Asako: And in any case, your big sister's dead. What's your backup plan, kid?
Yuuji: ......
Asako: Oh c'mon, don't give me that miserable face. What a downer...
Asako: Listen here, Yuuji... The people as a whole decide what "good" and "evil" are. At the end of the day, this world runs on majority rule.
Asako: That said, sometimes you get problems that just can't be solved by talking things over and taking a vote. There's always gonna be people who try to pull shady stuff in the middle of your nice debates.
Asako: Now, when a squabble breaks out in the family, normally you'd expect the father to step in... But Uncle Sam, who's been Japan's "daddy" since the war, is pretty damn busy putting out fires a little closer to home these days.
Asako: They've been telling it to take care of its own problems. Like, "I've looked after you for sixty years. Isn't it about time you started walking on your own two feet?"
Asako: Of course, they're the ones who made their "kid" so damn dependent on them in the first place. Sure are some selfish fathers out there, am I right?
Yuuji: ...Shouldn't have expected anything better...
Asako: That's right. And that's why this country needs the ability to solve its own problems on its own. That's what we're here for.
Asako: We're the knife a kid hides in his back pocket so that he doesn't have to rely on his dad. Understand now?
Yuuji: I think... I get the idea...
Asako: ...Maybe that family analogy wasn't such a great idea. You still don't really understand, do you?
Yuuji: Yeah.
Asako: ...Well, whatever. Anyway, I'm talking about an intelligence agency that acts as this country's third eye and third arm.
Asako: It's an irregular organization that can't be publicly acknowledged to exist. And it's also the "company" JB and I work for... "CIRS."
Yuuji: ..."Sirs"...?
Asako: CIRS. It's an acronym for a joint Japanese-American anti-terror force... Central Intelligence and Research, Second Division.
Asako: Course, we can't exactly go shouting that name from the rooftops, so we usually just use its "affectionate" nickname, "the company."
Yuuji: ...It sounds like it's kind of a pain working there...
Asako: No kidding. And that's exactly why all the employees spend their free time blowing off steam with pachinko, ponies, boats, or bicycles.
Yuuji: ...Wait, was that whole long-winded explanation just one big excuse?
Asako: Aw, shaddup. What are you, my old lady? Let me play some damn pinball if I want to.
Date: *July XX, 2012, 16:13 - "Ichigaya"*
Yuuji: ...Even after her explanation, I still didn't really know what "CIRS" was. It would be some time before I learned the details...
Yuuji: After the old Army's Nakano School was dismantled, a new Fuchu-based intelligence agency was created to fill the void, eventually growing into a kind of secret police force under direct Ministry control...
Yuuji: Later, its headquarters were relocated to Ichigaya, a word that's become synonymous with the organization for those who deal with it.
Yuuji: If you're just looking at the basic facts, it seems like a respectable enough government organization. But in reality it's a "suicide battalion," mostly made up of expendable personnel with skeletons in their closet...
JB: That's not a very pleasant way of putting it, but I can't really say you're wrong.
JB: We choose people with no family, no future, and terrible traumas in their past... people who'd otherwise end up in a prison cell, eating at the national budget. Soldiers who can be recruited cheaply and used disposably...
JB: A warped knife can be useful enough if you straighten it out. Maybe it'll break the first time you use it, but that's no great loss. If someone dies on the job, you can usually find a use for their body...
JB: Asako herself used to joke about getting a "suspended sentence"... She wanted to quit her job at "Ichigaya," but CIRS isn't the kind of place you can just walk away from. Once you're in, you're in.
JB: But at this point, Asako had taken custody of a child she rescued during an operation... And under the pretext of "monitoring" his behavior, she'd managed to get herself placed on the reserve.
Yuuji: I'm amazed they let her quit to take care of a kid, honestly...
JB: The child she was monitoring happened to be a former member of Heath Oslo's private army. That changed matters...
JB: Also... I think you're aware, but Asako was already quite close to her physical limit at the time she took you in.
JB: At the very least, it was clear she wouldn't be able to function as an effective combat unit for much longer.
JB: And so, she decided to focus her efforts on training you to be her successor...
Yuuji: ...We've been over this before, but you've got that wrong. I chose to succeed Asako of my own free will.
JB: She wasn't able to offer you any other choice back then. That's really no different from coercion...
Yuuji: I did have a choice. Somehow or other, you managed to prepare me a perfectly-clean identity, with all the paperwork. I'm the one who rejected that "future" you offered me...
Yuuji: And I still don't regret it. Not even now.
JB: ...Ohhhhh?
Yuuji: Uh... well... I know I've caused you plenty of trouble, and I do feel bad about it...
JB: ...Ohhhhhhh?
Yuuji: Don't look at me like that... I spent my first paycheck to buy you a watch, didn't I?
JB: Hmm. Is that really what you want to go with here? I see how it is. You think I'm some simple-minded woman who can be fooled by an expensive present or two?
Yuuji: You were happy, weren't you?
JB: Well... I suppose...
Yuuji: I'd been told I was a piece of trash for most of my life. But I found a job I could do, and I earned money doing it...
Yuuji: The cash itself didn't mean much to me, so I decided to use it and buy you a present... Something that would last...
Yuuji: I didn't really think about my reasons at the time, but... I think I wanted someone to have something to remember me by... since I wasn't going to leave much else behind if I died.
JB: ...Why was that "someone" me...?
Yuuji: Asako wasn't the sort to appreciate presents, for one thing. And for another, I was pretty certain you'd outlive me.
JB: What made you so sure? I may be sitting behind a desk, but that doesn't mean my safety's guaranteed...
Yuuji: No, you're safe. I wouldn't let anything happen to you.
JB: ......
Yuuji: As long as I'm alive, you're safe, JB.
JB: Ahahah. I see...
Yuuji: What's so funny?
JB: Nothing, sorry... I was just remembering that Asako told me the exact same thing a long time ago, back when we were still in that orphanage.
JB: I couldn't even trust the adults in that place, but Asako was different. She was the one person I could believe in...
JB: ...Right... You know, I was wondering why I've shed so much blood, sweat, and tears looking after a pair of headaches like you and Asako... but I guess that explains it...
Yuuji: You've done a lot for me. And that's why... as long as I can protect you, I don't regret becoming the person I am today.
JB: ...Guh...
JB: (Oh crap... if this kid proposed to me right now, I definitely wouldn't be able to turn him down!)
Yuuji: You all right there, JB...?
JB: Ahahah! Well, it's not like that's going to happen! Of course!
Yuuji: ...???
JB: A-Anyway! Uhm, how far had we gotten!?
Yuuji: We were up to the point where Asako told me about her job...
Narration: *―It wasn't as if Asako was particularly secretive in the first place, but after that conversation about her job, she stopped hiding things from me entirely.*
Narration: *One morning, she actually began to do maintenance on her rifle right in front of me... while puffing away at a cigarette, no less.*
Asako: ...Hoo...
Yuuji: You smoke while you're doing maintenance on your gun...?
Asako: Gimme a break, kid. It's like one of those little pieces of paper samurai used to hold in their mouth while sharpening their swords, right?
Asako: Start chattering away at a time like this, and ya might end up getting your weapon rusty with spit. So you stick somethin' in your mouth to prevent that.
Yuuji: ...You seem to be talking anyway...
Asako: Whatever. At least I'm not drinking, right?
Yuuji: ...Well, I guess that's true. Anyway, I'm a little surprised you use such a beat-up old rifle...
Asako: It's been with me ever since I started working back in the States... It's an old design, but it's highly reliable...
Asako: Listen up, Yuuji, and keep this in mind. On the battlefield, shiny new guns are garbage. The best weapon is the one you're most familiar with.
Asako: This M40A1 is a rifle everyone in the Marines gets some experience with. It's like the pussy you just keep coming back to... nothing beats one you've been fuckin' forever, know what I mean?
Yuuji: Not in the slightest...
Asako: ...Guess you're still a little green for that. Maybe it's about time I taught you how to handle women, huh?
Yuuji: Yeah. Maybe next time.
Asako: Look at you playin' it all cool. You really know how to tick me off, kid... Meh. Whatever...
Asako: Hey, have you ever fired a gun before?
Yuuji: Yeah. They taught me the basics at Oslo's school...
Asako: In that case... want to take a few shots with this?
Narration: *―Asako was probably only half-serious. I think it was just another of her whims.*
Narration: *I didn't give it too much thought myself either. I suppose it seemed like another form of recreation... A way to kill some time, nothing more.*
Narration: *Oslo didn't like guns very much, so they'd never been a major focus of my "education"... But I did remember that, based on my limited experience, I wasn't half-bad when it came to sharpshooting.*
Asako: ...All right. Your target's a skirmisher hiding in the rocks 300 meters ahead. Can you see 'em?
Yuuji: ...Uh, 300...?
Narration: *For training of this sort, in such a heavily-forested area, 100 meters would be the standard distance. And for newcomers with limited experience, you'd almost always start off at 25. 300 was beyond absurd.*
Narration: *It felt like she'd set this up for me to "play around," assuming I couldn't hit the target either way. That condescending attitude kind of ticked me off.*
Yuuji: ...300 ahead isn't specific enough. Give me an azimuth...
Asako: Hrm... cheeky kid...
Narration: *Raising an eyebrow, Asako looked down at the watch on her left wrist and checked the bearing of my target.*
Asako: ...Vector zero four five... altitude 158 meters, barometric pressure 738 mmHg, temperature 32 degrees. Want a laser rangefinder as well?
Yuuji: You have one?
Asako: Sure. It's designed for golf, though.
Yuuji: ...I'll pass...
Narration: *With due north as my zero point, I turned the barrel 45 degrees clockwise. Since the target was approximately 300 meters away... I'd only be moving the gun a few centimers from this point.*
Narration: *Searching for the rocky area where I'd find my target with my left eye, I soon located it, and immediately pushed my right eye to the scope.*
Narration: *A few careful twists of the zoom ring brought my target into focus: a beer can Asako had emptied not long ago, perched demurely on top of a huge boulder.*
Narration: *To the naked eye it was a nearly-imperceptible speck, but through the scope, I could read the brand name printed on its side.*
Yuuji: ...Mm. I've got it...
Asako: Yeah? All right then. Shoot whenever you're ready.
Yuuji: ...Okay. One shot, for starters...
Narration: *The instant I brought my finger to the trigger, I pulled my eye away from the scope.*
Narration: *As I applied pressure with my entire right hand, the trigger scraped against the sear, releasing the hammer at the letoff point.*
Narration: *The bullet that burst out of the rifle's barrel flew well wide of the mark. I saw a small cloud of dust rise where it landed, short of the target and slightly to the right.*
Asako: Hahaha. Bzzzt, no cigar...
Narration: *Peering through a spotting scope, Asako cackled at my failure. I found myself pouting slightly.*
Yuuji: ...This thing isn't properly aligned...
Asako: Try doin' something about the problem before you complain about the gun. Show a little spine, kid.
Yuuji: ...I'll get it next time.
Asako: Yeah, give it a go. I'll give you a prize if you hit it.
Yuuji: ...Hoooh... Phoooh...
Narration: *Squeezing my eyes tightly shut to stretch the muscles that supported my eyeballs, I breathed deeply in and out, in and out.*
Narration: *Focusing on the steady beating of my heart, careful not to disrupt its rhythm, I pressed my eye to the scope once more.*
Narration: *The instant my eye settled against that rubber cup, I could feel my soul leave my body and soar to the target 300 meters ahead of me.*
Narration: *A quiet wind was blowing. As I lay there, feeling it against my skin, the air seemed to take on tinges of color; before long, I could see its flow, its eddies.*
Narration: *It was as if the can was right in front of me, inches from my nose. All I had to do was move my hand, and I could brush it with my fingers.*
Narration: *No need to "hit" my target. I'd just touch it.*
Narration: *The bullet in that rifle's barrel was an extension of my fingers.*
Narration: *And I was going to "touch" that empty beer can.*
Narration: *All I had to do was calmly extend my hand. After all, it was sitting right in front of me. Easy enough.*
Narration: *With a reflexive twitch of my fingertip, I found the trigger, then gently squeezed it once more.*
Narration: *There was no need for prayers.*
Narration: *As soon as I touched that trigger, I knew.*
Narration: *This one was a hit.*
Yuuji: ...Hit... Elimination of the target verified...
Narration: *Although I'd lined up the shot more on instinct than anything else, it seemed to have landed dead center. Peering through the scope, I watched the beer can fly off the boulder and out of sight.*
Asako: Hey now... that's some good shooting. Let's keep going...
Yuuji: ...What's my prize?
Asako: Well, lessee... I guess I'll buy you a toy one of these days. Your next target is seven degrees to the right, 240 meters away. Right shoulder... good. Left shoulder... good. Prepare to fire...
Narration: *I hadn't fired a gun in quite some time. It definitely wasn't an unpleasant feeling.*
Narration: *The sound and feedback didn't really "excite" me, either. If anything, I felt calmer with every shot. Every ripple of emotion in my mind slowly faded away, leaving it as tranquil as a pool of still water.*
Narration: *Skilled snipers sometimes come to think of their rifle as a part of their own bodies, but for me, it was kind of the opposite.*
Narration: *Rather than the gun becoming a part of me, it felt like I was becoming part of the gun.*
Narration: *I was just one piece of a cold metal machine. A simple mechanism that aimed a rifle and pulled the trigger.*
Narration: *The simplicity of it was addictive; the difference between a hit and a miss felt surprising in its clarity.*
Narration: *After that day, I began to carry Asako's rifle with me on my daily morning run.*
Yuuji: ...Let's go, John...
Narration: *A gun against my shoulder, a dog at my side, I ran around the wooded mountain.*
Narration: *I remember Asako laughing and saying that I looked like some sort of frontiersman.*
Narration: *Of course, this was all just a game.*
Narration: *In the middle of my run, I stopped to give John her breakfast. And once she was finished, I hung the empty can of dog food from a tree with a string.*
Narration: *After that, I ran a decent distance away, found what felt like an appropriate point, and immediately assumed a prone firing position there.*
Yuuji: ...Ready, John? I'm going to fire.
Narration: *Heeding my warning, my dog brought her front legs together and lowered herself flat to the ground.*
Narration: *Bringing the empty dog food can into my crosshairs as it swayed in the breeze, I quietly steadied my breathing.*
Narration: *When the gunshot finally rang out, John reacted with a visible flinch.*
Yuuji: ...All right...
Narration: *I'd made it into a sort of fortune-telling game.*
Narration: *When my shot landed on-target, that meant I'd have a lucky day.*
Narration: *One shot, every morning. I kept it up for quite a while. *
Narration: *After a few days, I started varying my targets and experimenting with different distances, but found myself getting a little bored. Then I hit on the idea of coming up with more "troublesome" challenges. *
Narration: *I'd take off the scope and line up my shot using only instinct and my naked eyes, or send a can floating down a stream and try to pick it off in motion, or try to shoot a static object while running with the rifle against my shoulder.*
Narration: *It didn't matter if it was raining or windy. I stuck to the routine: One day, one shot, one hit.*
Narration: *My life on the mountain wasn't exactly eventful; this game had become my only real source of amusement.*
Narration: *―And before too long, Asako made good on her promise and bought me a "toy."*
Asako: Honestly, kid... enough playing around with my gun. If you keep messing with it, it's gonna start picking up all your little quirks, right? We can't have that.
Yuuji: ...I'm servicing it after every shot, you know?
Asako: And that's why it's picking up your quirks, stupid...
Asako: Anyway, I bought you a new toy to play with. Go ahead and open it up.
Narration: *Asako jerked her chin to indicate a sizable PP resin case sitting imposingly on top of the table. *
Asako: ...The combination on that case is 9029.
Narration: *I spun the dials as Asako told me to, released the push-lock, and gingerly opened the lid of the case.*
Narration: *Inside, I found what looked like a brand new sniper rifle sitting snugly in a bed of a shock-absorbing foam.*
Yuuji: ...What's this?
Asako: An M24-SWS. It's yours. Use it however you like.
Narration: *Sitting nestled in its case, it didn't look particularly different from Asako's M40A1. But when I picked it up in my hands, I found it was noticeably lighter than the rifle I'd been using so far.*
Narration: *On closer inspection, I found it also had a long bolt handle, designed to provide highly reliable feeding, and a modified "fluted" barrel that both reduced the gun's weight and would help it stay cooler while firing.*
Asako: Shoulder it and try pulling the bolt.
Narration: *As instructed, I took an upright firing stance, brought the stock to my shoulder, and pulled the handle.*
Asako: Can you tell the difference?
Yuuji: Considering how light this thing is, it's well put-together... It feels really solid.
Asako: That's a fiber stock with Kevlar mixed in. Makes a pretty big difference all on its own.
Yuuji: It seems like there's a lot of fancy features, too... Wasn't this expensive?
Asako: Well, you're still pretty terrible, kid. And that means you need some decent gear to rely on.
Asako: They say a master workman never blames his tools... but that doesn't really matter until you've actually learned how to use 'em, see? When you're a beginner, it's especially important not to cheap out on your equipment.
Yuuji: ...I guess I understand what you mean, but...
Narration: *Considering I was just going to use it for my daily can-shooting game, this really seemed like a bit much.*
Asako: I want you to focus on something, any one thing, and try to master it.
Asako: To really master anything, you need to learn a whole lot of crap. And while you're cramming everything you need to know into your brain, you'll eventually find a method of learning things that works for you.
Asako: People who've legitimately mastered something... doesn't really matter what... get this nice ability to view anything else they need to do through the lens of their specialty.
Asako: No matter what you throw at 'em, guys like that never screw the pooch. Get it?
Yuuji: Yeah... sort of...
Asako: "Sort of" works for now. Keep at it long enough, and you'll eventually understand what I mean.
Yuuji: If you say so...
Asako: Guys who can do anything without a second thought are geniuses. But guys who think hard, and then put in the effort, can become geniuses in their own right. Takes time, though, so you've gotta be stubborn as hell...
Asako: Tell yourself "I can do this," even if it's a lie or a bluff. Force yourself to believe it. Don't ever give up. If you can manage that, a couple years down the line you'll become the person you want to be... And that's the truth.
Yuuji: ...You say some pretty good stuff sometimes, Asako... Can I call you "Master"?
Asako: Sure you want to? Better think it over carefully, kid. My lessons are pretty damn rough.
Yuuji: ...As long as you try not to actually kill me...
Narration: *Kusakabe Asako was definitely an important part of my life, but it's surprisingly difficult to define the exact role she played in it.*
Narration: *It'd be easy to use the word "guardian," but really, she was so much more than that.*
Narration: *I don't think she was a "mother" or a "big sister" to me. Much less a "father"...*
Narration: *So at the end of the day, if I had to pick one word, I'd say she was my "master."*
Asako: Look at this, Yuuji! Got a whole 250 of those METI-registered NATO rounds I asked JB for! Time for a hunting trip, am I right? Get packing!
Yuuji: ...What?
Asako: You heard me. We're going hunting. Gonna bag us some deer. We'll be staying out overnight, so pack yourself a tent and a sleeping bag.
Yuuji: Uh, okay...
Narration: *The moment an idea popped into Asako's head, she'd spring right into action. Often dragging me along in her wake.*
Narration: *But even so, I can't say I disliked spending time with the woman.*
Narration: *Day one of our expedition into the forest.*
Narration: *Looking back on it, I think the first thing I learned in my time with Asako was the art of brewing coffee.*
Narration: *Normally, she was happy enough with anything bitter and caffeinated, even the canned stuff. But on camping trips, she always opted for drip-bag coffee.*
Narration: *Pouring heated water slowly into a cup, I watched the ground beans swell inside the bag. It took some care to extract their flavor properly.*
Narration: *Some time before, Asako had showed me her method, claiming that the "ritual" of brewing coffee was enjoyable in its own right...*
Narration: *And after that point, I'd taken over the job entirely.*
Asako: Mm... this is damn good. Japan's got the best canned stuff in the world, but you really can't beat the smell of drip-brewed coffee, y'know?
Narration: *Honestly, I'm not sure how she could've appreciated the smell or taste of the beans, considering the way she puffed at her cigarette after every mouthful.*
Narration: *Asako herself always claimed that cigarettes added "flavor" to her coffee, but the way I saw it, she was just a nicotine addict. The coffee would probably taste a lot better on its own.*
Asako: Y'know, Yuuji, guys who know how to make a decent cup of coffee always get ahead in the army.
Asako: It helps not to smoke, too. Means you can use your cigarette ration to barter for food or information in the field.
Asako: Coffee and smokes are the heart of military life... but I guess there ain't much point telling you all this, is there? Not like you're a soldier. Ah well...
Narration: *Apparently, a grunt who'd suffered through countless terrible battles had left behind words of wisdom to this effect: "Throw away your gun if you have to, but hold on to your cigarettes."*
Narration: *At the sound of the word "gun," the coffee in my mouth grew noticeably more bitter.*
Narration: *I glanced to my side. The "toy" Asako had bought for me was sitting there, not far away.*
Narration: *There was no mistaking it for a child's plaything. Sitting on the ground with its barrel propped up by a Harris bipod, it was the very picture of a deadly weapon.*
Narration: *What did she expect me to do with this thing...?*
Narration: *Stupid question. A gun like that was a tool with only one real purpose.*
Narration: *You used it to kill living things.*
Narration: *The idea was nauseating. I couldn't even bear to catch a fish, much less to gut one with a knife...*
Narration: *But now that I was starting to break out of my shell, maybe Asako had decided it was time to address my terror of "killing" head-on.*
Narration: *Of course, fish filets and packaged steaks don't come from nowhere. They're the processed bodies of animals.*
Narration: *Plants are alive in their own right. And just by breathing, we kill tens of thousands of microbes. There's no way for human beings to exist without harming other living things.*
Narration: *To hear Asako tell it, this meant that life itself was fundamentally a battle.*
Narration: *I wasn't about to say we should give up and die. And I agreed that it was all a matter of perspective.*
Narration: *But even so... I couldn't face this without drugs to cloud my mind. I couldn't climb this wall. Not while I was sane.*
Asako: ...Listen up, kid. Every bullet you've got was paid for with taxpayer money, so don't go wasting them. And when you do fire, collect the spent rounds after...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *Melt into the forest; control your breathing. Approach without betraying your presence. Kill your prey with a single shot.*
Narration: *It all sounded simple enough, but killing a living, warm-blooded animal felt like an impossibly tall hurdle.*
Narration: *She wanted me to shoot the deer.*
Narration: *To take its life.*
Narration: *Once it was dead, we'd turn it into meat.*
Narration: *I understood all of this was "natural." But my head was still reeling, and my belly was still churning with acid. It was all I could do not to vomit.*
Yuuji: ...Haa... haa... haa... haa...
Narration: *I lay there, peering into the scope mounted on my rifle... And as I stared at the deer centered in the fine duplex crosshair, my finger sat immobile on the trigger, and my breathing grew increasingly rough.*
Narration: *Asako had told me to clear my mind and pull the trigger calmly. Sweat dripping down my face, I'd tried to do so. But my finger just wouldn't move any further than this.*
Narration: *My right arm ached with the memory of smashing a bottle against my father's head. There was a sour smell, like that of raw sewage, in the back of my nose. *
Narration: *"...I can't do it..."*
Narration: *Finally, as the stinging sweat poured into my eyes, I grimaced and squeezed them shut.*
Narration: *Perhaps sensing that something was amiss, the deer burst into a run, quickly vanishing deep into the forest.*
Yuuji: I can't do it, Asako... I just... can't...
Narration: *I couldn't bring myself to kill.*
Narration: *It wasn't like I was making a moral stand. I was just weak. A whining, spoiled child. I was closing my eyes to a reality I didn't want to think about; I understood that perfectly well. But I still couldn't pull the trigger.*
Asako: I see. No good, huh? Well, guess it ain't surprising...
Narration: *As I curled up miserably into myself, Asako took a cigarette from her pocket and proceeded to light it.*
Asako: You've seen a hell of a lot for your age, after all...
Narration: *Fundamentally, killing people isn't a job that a "normal" guy can do. Even if you have a clear reason to take a life, the experience is going to leave a mark on you.*
Narration: *When you're still new, you can usually get the job done anyway.*
Narration: *It's easy to pull the trigger without a second thought when you're frantic with worry about actually completing your mission properly.*
Narration: *But soon enough, you get a few jobs under your belt. The routine starts to come more naturally; your mind can afford to wander a little. And that's when things get really dangerous. *
Narration: *For a while, you can probably keep functioning anyway...*
Narration: *...up until thoughts like "Am I really doing the right thing?" start popping into your head.*
Narration: *Once those little doubts start nagging at you, it's basically over.*
Narration: *Your doubt makes you hesitate. Your hesitation slows you down. Sometimes, it even turns into fear, stopping you dead in your tracks.*
Narration: *When things get that far, there aren't a lot of options left open to you.*
Narration: *You can fail on the job, which means dying. You can drug yourself and turn into a killing machine. Or you can throw yourself into one last fight with a bomb strapped to your chest. There aren't really any decent outcomes.*
Asako: ...Your mind was scarred by a "killing," so I figured killing something else might help... but I guess it's not that simple...
Narration: *It seemed like a pretty crude attempt at shock therapy.*
Narration: *The simplicity of it was almost childish... like someone trying to distract you from the pain of a shot by pinching your other arm.*
Narration: *Still, Asako told me it had worked for her. So maybe it was an effective "treatment," in its way.*
Narration: *If you push yourself relentlessly forward, you won't have the time to hesitate or dwell on the past. If you focus on the "job", eventually that scar on your heart will just be one among many. You'll grow numb to the pain.*
Asako: ...I couldn't find any other way to cope, honestly... but there's no reason it has to be that way for you as well. If you end up like me, you'll never really be "normal" again... My bad, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...I... I... I just...
Asako: Oh, christ... It's nothing worth blubbering about, all right? Listen up, Yuuji. Men only shed tears for others. The only thing you shed for yourself is sweat. Remember that...
Yuuji: ...Okay...
Asako: Well, there's no need to rush things. It's not like you need to kill at all, for that matter. If you're going to live "normally," it's not much of a handicap... This hunt was basically just a simple test, anyway...
Yuuji: A test...?
Asako: Right. Wanted to see if the "safety pin" I put in you would slip out...
Yuuji: ...???
Asako: The outcome of the test was... favorable, I guess. You're fine the way you are...
Asako: But here's the thing, Yuuji... Choosing not to kill is a very different thing from being unable to kill. There's a chance that a weak point like that might end up costing you your life eventually...
Asako: Then again, we're trying to get you a life where that possibility's basically zero... That's the reason you're out here in the woods doing the whole rehabilitation thing...
Asako: So this test was really just a little "insurance" against a worst-case scenario.
Asako: If you really can't kill, then you just find a path where you'll never need to... It's as simple as that...
Narration: *I'd failed to live up to Asako's expectations, and now she was actually comforting me. That only made me feel more miserable.*
Narration: *I almost wished she'd just jab me in the forehead and make fun of me. It probably would've been easier to take than this.*
Yuuji: ...I'm... a coward...
Asako: Most sensible people are, kid. Idiots and heroes tend to die young.
Narration: *Maybe that was true. But at this rate, I'd never be able to protect anyone I cared about.*
Narration: *Face to face with my own helplessness, I found myself sinking back into depression.*
Narration: *―We spent that night out on the mountain as well.*
Narration: *It's odd, the way human minds work. Even when they set up camp in a wide open space, they'll end up sleeping under a tree or next to a rock wall. *
Narration: *Without some sense of enclosure, it's hard for us to rest easy.*
Narration: *It might be an instinct left over from the days when we lived in trees to protect ourselves from predators... Or maybe even a subconscious yearning for the confining protection of a womb.*
Narration: *Come to think of it, my hiding places were always pretty cramped.*
Narration: *The closet where I waited out my father's drunken rampages was barely big enough for me to squeeze into, and that sense of confinement was oddly comforting. Maybe tiny spaces like that were something like a security blanket for me.*
Narration: *At night, my dreams always followed a predictable pattern.*
Narration: *I found myself in a vast, quiet mansion, its floors covered by a thick rug.*
Narration: *Eventually, the sudden chiming of a clock on the wall broke the silence. Startled, I began to run.*
Narration: *Someone was chasing me.*
Narration: *I didn't know who it was, but I knew I had to flee.*
Narration: *Panicked, I ran through the huge mansion at random.*
Narration: *A great heavy door appeared before me. Pulling it open, I leapt into the gloomy room beyond.*
Narration: *Inside, I found my way to a closet door, opened it, and hid myself there.*
Narration: *Huddling there with my head in my hands, I waited in perfect stillness for my pursuer to pass me by. But as time passed, my eyes adjusted to the darkness, and I saw a box in front of me.*
Narration: *When I turned my head, I found that there were many others just like it all around me.*
Narration: *I knew what was inside those boxes, even without opening their lids.*
Narration: *The box right in front of me, about the size of a birthday cake, contained my father's severed head. *
Narration: *If I opened it, I'd see it sitting inside, dark blood pouring thick as tar from the place where I'd broken his skull.*
Narration: *The box next to that one probably had my mother's body inside it.*
Narration: *The next box, and all the rest, contained the many other corpses I had created.*
Narration: *And the people inside those boxes were looking at me. Speaking to me.*
Narration: *"Why did you kill me...?"*
Narration: *"Why didn't you save me...?"*
Narration: *"Why are you still alive...?"*
Narration: *"Why does a ruthless killer like you get to survive...?"*
Narration: *A part of me knew this was a dream, but it was driving me insane anyway.*
Narration: *I could scream for help all I wanted. No one was going to come and save me.*
Narration: *The one person who'd protected me was gone now.*
Narration: *As I cowered in the darkness, I could see her looking down at me, a sorrowful expression on her face.*
Narration: *"Kazuki..."*
Narration: *My voice couldn't reach her.*
Narration: *And even if it did, there was no way for her to help me now.*
Narration: *It was happening all over again. There was nothing I could do... nothing...*
Asako: ...Hey, Yuuji, you all right? Snap out of it.
Yuuji: ...Hnh?
Asako: Don't grunt at me, kid... You were thrashing around in your sleep again.
Yuuji: Mmm...
Asako: Like I said, enough with the grunting... Ugh, look at this, you're dripping with sweat...
Narration: *Taking a towel, Asako began to wipe away the sticky layer of perspiration that had coated my body as I slept.*
Narration: *I didn't understand her. Her past was obviously just as bad as mine, if not worse, so how could she be so strong?*
Narration: *She'd killed people, just like me. Had she found some reason to keep on living anyway?*
Narration: *Asako had told me that nothing was more valuable than "experience."*
Narration: *Did that mean... if I experienced enough, I could be as strong as her one day...?*
Narration: *Was Kusakabe Asako... someone I could follow out of the darkness...?*
Asako: ...What're you staring at my face for, punk?
Yuuji: ...Asako... on closer inspection, you're actually a pretty fine woman...
Asako: What a rude kid. I'm a damn fine woman no matter how you "inspect" me.
Narration: *A little late to worry about all this now.*
Narration: *Hadn't I already decided to trust this woman...?*
Asako: Look, I'll give you a kiss, so just go back to sleep.
Yuuji: ...I'm not a complete baby, you know...
Asako: All right then. I'll give you a grown-up kiss... Nmm...
Yuuji: ...Nn...
Narration: *When I was younger, Kazuki was always the one who gave me a goodnight kiss to "keep the nightmares away."*
Narration: *I wasn't really happy about being treated like a baby. But looking back on it after the fact, maybe she was the reason I could sleep so peacefully back then.*
Narration: *I was starting to think... women were actually pretty amazing. And as Asako kissed me, I slipped my tongue through her lips - just as I'd done with Kazuki.*
Asako: ...Nn!? Bwah! Yuuji! Wh-What the...!?
Yuuji: ...What?
Asako: Uh, well... I dunno... Just think I might've discovered another talent of yours...
Yuuji: ...???
Asako: Oh, shaddup. Don't look at me like that. It's nothing... J-Just go to sleep already, will you?
Yuuji: ...Okay...
Narration: *I don't know if Asako's magic charm did much in particular, but I didn't have any more bad dreams that night.*
Narration: *Kusakabe Asako... had definitely become very special to me. There was no doubt about that.*
Narration: *But if her life was ever in danger...*
Narration: *If I had to pull the trigger to save her, I probably wouldn't be able to do it. I'd probably stand there and let her die.*
Narration: *That fear was weighing more heavily on me with every passing day.*
Narration: *And before too long, it would be realized... in a very different form.*
Narration: *―A few days had passed since the end of our failed "hunting trip."*
Narration: *That morning, as I was cleaning off in the bathroom after my daily run, I noticed a strange clattering sound coming from the main room of the cabin.*
Yuuji: ...Is she back already...?
Narration: *Asako had been called out on a sudden job a few days earlier. She'd be coming back in the afternoon, so it was too early for her to be home.*
Narration: *If it wasn't her... could it be John?*
Narration: *I stopped the shower and listened closely. From the main room, I could hear my dog barking and growling up a storm.*
Narration: *"...What's she so worked up about?"*
Narration: *There was something oddly desperate about the sounds John was making. I hurried out of the bathroom to see what was going on... and found that "something strange" was inside our cabin.*
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *For a few seconds, I couldn't even figure out what I was looking at.*
Narration: *A massive, jet-black lump of fur was poking its head into the kitchen trash can.*
Narration: *And John, holding herself low to the ground, was baring her fangs and barking fiercely at it.*
Narration: *"...A bear...?"*
Narration: *Just as my mind finally caught up with the situation, the bear seemed to notice my presence. Lifting its head up out of the trash can, it snuffled loudly.*
Yuuji: ...Guh...
Narration: *Standing upright, the animal would probably have been more than two meters tall; as it moved, I could see that its enormous body was practically a mass of muscle. My breath caught in my throat. I couldn't even move.*
Narration: *"...If I take a step backwards now, that thing's going to charge right at me..."*
Narration: *Backing away would encourage it to approach. Running would provoke it to attack. That's the nature of a wild predator.*
Narration: *I had to keep my eyes fixed on the bear. It probably hadn't seen anything like me before; that should make it somewhat cautious.*
Narration: *That said, I couldn't just stand here staring at it forever. Once it sized me up and decided to try taking a step forward, my powerlessness would be instantly exposed.*
Narration: *"...What do I do...?"*
Narration: *As I stood there, my body burning with tension, John let out another fierce bark from across the room.*
Narration: *Reacting to the sound, the bear glanced away from me for a moment, turning its eyes down to my dog.*
Narration: *"...Now...!"*
Narration: *I broke into a run immediately, but the bear didn't even react.*
Narration: *Its attention had turned to John, still braced low against the ground, and her deep growls of anger.*
Yuuji: ...Dammit!
Narration: *Bursting into my bedroom, I pulled the rifle case out from under my bed and began turning the dials to form the number 9029.*
Yuuji: ...Dammit! Dammit!!
Narration: *My fingers were trembling with fear. I knew what I needed to do, but I couldn't get the numbers to line up properly.*
Narration: *Even as I sat here, that bear might be eating John. But the thought only made me impatient, and I fumbled clumsily with the metal dials.*
Narration: *Instead of moving a dial up from 8 to 9, I found myself turning it down, rotating it all the way through 1 and back again. The stupidity of it left me burning with irritation.*
Narration: *"...What am I, a moron!?"*
Narration: *Finally managing to unlock the case, I hastily grabbed a handful of ammo directly from the packs inside, not bothering with my scope or magazine.*
Narration: *Bullets slipping through my fingers, I rushed back to the kitchen, where I'd left my rifle earlier.*
Yuuji: ...Don't move!!
Narration: *Taking the weapon into my arms, I pulled back the bolt handle and pushed a round directly into its exposed chamber, then pressed the stock against my shoulder and pointed the barrel at the bear.*
Yuuji: Stupid animal!! Get the hell out of this cabin!!
Narration: *Shouting threats the creature couldn't possibly understand, I stood there with my finger on the trigger of my rifle, trembling like a leaf in the wind.*
Narration: *The bear gave me a sideward glance, then shifted its attention back to John with something like a snort of disdain.*
Narration: *"...Bastard's underestimating me..."*
Narration: *I had to shoot. I had to. If I didn't kill this bear right now, it was going to attack John.*
Narration: *I knew perfectly well what I had to do... but my finger refused to cooperate. Whenever I tried to squeeze the trigger, a violent nausea welled up inside me.*
Narration: *Perhaps sensing that I didn't have the guts to intervene, the bear charged toward my dog, still ignoring me completely.*
Yuuji: ...John!!!
Narration: *A single swipe of the bear's massive arm sent my dog flying into the wall. With a loud yelp, she fell to the floor... and lay there in a twitching heap, unable to stand.*
Narration: *The bear strode over, sunk its teeth deeply into John's upper back, and began to carry its fallen "prey" toward the cabin door.*
Yuuji: Wait!!
Narration: *Screaming desperately, I pointed my rifle toward the ceiling and fired a shot to try and intimidate the animal. The bear didn't so much as flinch. I could only watch as it strode boldly out of the cabin... taking John with it.*
Yuuji: ...Ah...
Narration: *As soon as the bear vanished from view, I abruptly collapsed to the floor. It took a good ten seconds for my mind to even process what I'd just seen.*
Narration: *"...It took her... It took John..."*
Narration: *The one thing reliant on me for its survival...*
Narration: *The life Asako had trusted me with and told me to protect...*
Narration: *It had been taken away... right before my eyes. And I hadn't done a thing about it.*
Narration: *As I sat there stupefied, my eyes found a red stain spreading slowly across the cabin's wooden floor. It was John's blood.*
Narration: *Reminded of the pool of blood I'd seen on the day my parents died, I curled up into a ball, paralyzed by fear and guilt.*
Narration: *"It's happening all over again... I still... can't do a thing..."*
Narration: *A wave of sheer, black despair nearly crushed me under its weight.*
Narration: *But...*
Narration: *It wasn't over yet.*
Narration: *There was still a chance John was still alive.*
Narration: *I might be able to make it in time.*
Narration: *If I got up right now, I might manage to save her.*
Narration: *Gritting my teeth fiercely, I used my rifle as a cane and pushed myself up off the floor. My eyes flashed around the room, searching reflexively for anything that could serve as a weapon.*
Narration: *Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed a large knife stuck in a cutting board in the kitchen. Grabbing it instantly, I turned and bolted out of the cabin.*
Narration: *Holding the knife in my mouth, I lifted the rifle's bolt handle and pulled it backward, then loaded another bullet into the exposed chamber.*
Narration: *Looking down, I found that spots of John's blood had formed a small trail into the forest. *
Narration: *"I have to get her back... That dog's mine... I have to protect her... She's my family..."*
Narration: *I'd get her back, no matter what. Even if I had to kill that bear to do it.*
Narration: *The instant this thought crossed my mind, I felt a strange heat in the back of my nose, and a vague sense of rage rose up inside me.*
Narration: *...It was the same thing I'd felt on the day I murdered my father.*
Narration: *The more I imagined that brutish animal carrying off my pet, the more my body trembled with murderous anger.*
Narration: *"Kill it. Kill it. Kill it. That thing is your enemy... It wants to take everything away from you. Kill it. Kill it. Kill it."*

Narration: *The voice of Heath Oslo, the man who'd made me into a tool, was echoing inside my head.*
Narration: *"That's right... I can't just run away forever... That won't solve anything..."*
Narration: *"I've got to kill it..."*
Narration: *"Once I kill it... everything will be over..."*
Narration: *In that moment, I couldn't think about anything else.*
Narration: *I had to follow that bear, find it, and kill it. I had to get John back. There was no room for any other thoughts in my mind. Murderous anger had consumed me.*
Narration: *Following the trail of John's blood, I traced the bear's path through the forest.*
Narration: *I didn't care if I died.*
Narration: *If that bear ended up eating me, fine.*
Narration: *But not John. Not John. I had to get her back.*
Narration: *Using my knife as a machete, I hacked my way through the branches of overgrown hemlock trees, trying not to stumble on the bushes in my path.*
Narration: *Whenever I lost sight of the trail, I'd spread myself flat against the ground and press one ear to the earth, trying to sense the bear's heavy footsteps.*
Narration: *I could feel them.*
Narration: *The animal was probably 200 kilos or more. When it moved, I could actually feel the vibrations.*
Narration: *Imagining the forest around me as a perfectly round pond, I carefully estimated where the "ripples" I felt were coming from.*
Narration: *"...This way..."*
Narration: *Turning my head and sniffing at the air, I discovered a whiff of bestial stink... and a hint of iron that suggested fresh blood.*
Narration: *Picking up my rifle and knife from the ground beside me, I quickly rose to my feet and set off toward my target.*
Narration: *"It's not far now... I'll catch up in no time..."*
Narration: *As I approached, I licked the back of my hand and held it up to the air.*
Narration: *Realizing that I was downwind of the bear, I let a smile spread across my face.*
Narration: *The bushes a little way ahead were shaking in an unnatural way. I'd found the "enemy" I was looking for.*
Narration: *Moving silently, I began to slow my breathing.*
Narration: *This mountain was a living thing. It was breathing, in its own way. I had to synchronize myself to that rhythm.*
Narration: *If I controlled my breathing perfectly, I'd melt into the natural world. Not even a wild animal would be able to notice my presence.*
Narration: *"...There he is...!"*
Narration: *The bear was about 30 meters ahead of me when I finally spotted it. It was making its way up a natural slope, still holding John in its mouth.*
Narration: *Stopping where I stood, I quietly raised my rifle.*
Narration: *For a moment, I regretted not installing the scope, but at this distance there was no chance I'd miss.*
Narration: *There was a .300 Win Mag in the chamber. All I had to do was carefully pull the trigger. From such close range, it would've been more than enough to take the thing down.*
Narration: *Unfortunately, I'd lost my cool at the sight of the animal. I pulled the trigger before I was actually ready, with my feet planted awkwardly on uncertain ground.*
Narration: *As the 7.62mm bullet left the barrel, the recoil hit me hard, and I slipped on the damp moss below my feet. Gunshot ringing in my ears, I tumbled painfully to the ground.*
Yuuji: Damn it...!
Narration: *I looked up quickly to check on my target. The bear had turned around to face me; John was still dangling from its mouth.*
Narration: *"Stupid idiot... How could you miss that shot?"*
Narration: *Mentally cursing myself, I tried to stand... only to realize that my legs were trembling. An instant later, I noticed that my heart was beating so powerfully that it felt about ready to explode.*
Narration: *I was terrified.*
Narration: *It was the same thing I'd felt when I attacked my father and left my mother to die. The kind of terror that clings to you like glue, holding you like an insect in a trap.*
Narration: *The gunshot had probably startled the bear. But by the time I raised my head, it was glaring down at me where I lay fallen on the ground.*
Narration: *Allowing John to fall from its mouth, it began to shuffle slowly around, positioning itself so that I was directly in front of both its eyes.*
Narration: *Pinned by the gaze of a predator that had found new "prey," I couldn't move so much as an inch.*
Narration: *If I tried to run now, I'd die. That thing would attack the instant I showed it my back.*
Narration: *I couldn't give it any indication I wanted to flee. Even the movement of a drop of sweat trickling down my forehead might be enough to prompt the bear to attack. *
Narration: *Overwhelmed by fear, I forced the air in my lungs out in a small gasp.*
Narration: *Out of the corner of my eye, I could see John lying limply on the ground, her neck broken by the bear's jaws.*
Narration: *I didn't feel pity or anger. Those emotions had disappeared entirely from my mind.*
Narration: *The only thing I felt in that moment was a simple, instinctive kind of fear: "If I show any weakness, I'm going to end up like that."*
Narration: *It was the same as when I'd seen my mother's corpse hanging from the ceiling. Face to face with the inevitability of death, I was paralyzed by the thought that it might be my turn next.*
Narration: *This was just... pathetic. Was I really just going to sit here trembling? Had I not made any progress at all?*
Narration: *Asako had trained me to overcome this kind of fear.*
Narration: *And even if I did manage to survive by just sitting here, I knew perfectly well that I'd end up hating myself for it.*
Narration: *Biting down on my lower lip until I tasted blood... I slowly stretched out my hand toward the rifle I'd dropped as I fell, my eyes still fixed on those of the bear.*
Narration: *Grabbing the sling, I dragged my weapon across the ground to me. But the moment it entered my field of vision, I had to fight the urge to curse out loud.*
Narration: *"...Damn it..."*
Narration: *The gun must've fallen muzzle-first to the ground. The barrel was packed tightly with black soil.*
Narration: *If I pulled the trigger, the expanding gas that usually pushed bullets out of the muzzle would bounce back off the blockage, causing a pressure explosion inside the barrel before the dirt could be ejected.*
Narration: *The rifle was useless.*
Narration: *Having realized this almost instantly, I picked up the gun and tossed it aside.*
Narration: *The bear, perhaps having recognized that the rifle was my weapon, followed its movement with its eyes.*
Narration: *This was my chance.*
Narration: *Quickly pushing myself up off the ground, I grabbed the knife I'd taken from the cabin's kitchen and charged forward at the bear.*
Yuuji: ...!!!
Narration: *Stay low to the ground. Move quickly and quietly.  Control your breathing; become a part of nature.  Close in before they know you're coming.*
Narration: *The bear had been distracted by the rifle, but it reacted to my approach.*
Narration: *Still, in that brief moment I'd bought myself three strides forward, and that was enough to put me at an advantage.*
Narration: *"...Giving me those three steps was a fatal mistake!"*
Narration: *I rushed through the overgrown grass, my body leaning forward; and the bear reared up, stretching out its forelegs toward me.*
Narration: *Another half-step, and my murderous hatred would collide with its savage anger.*
Narration: *I thrust the knife I'd been cradling at my side up at my enemy's throat.*
Narration: *―But the bear evaded my attack at the last moment, pulling itself back half a step. And in the next instant, one of its massive arms lashed out and sent my weapon flying.*
Yuuji: Guh...!!
Narration: *As the bear's harsh breathing beat against my face, its bright red mouth and sharp, yellow teeth plunged toward me.*
Narration: *"It's going to eat me!"*
Narration: *My momentum had carried me right up against the animal's massive body. Reflexively, I reached out my arms and wrapped them around its neck, managing to prevent it from biting me...*
Narration: *But that gaping red maw was now only inches away, and its foul breath and sticky saliva were raining down on my face.*
Yuuji: ...Ghh...
Narration: *Unable even to close my eyes, I found myself staring into the face of a terrifying death... one that I'd likely be experiencing within minutes, at most.*
Narration: *―I was going to die.*
Narration: *At this rate, this bear was going to kill me and eat me.*
Narration: *Was I really going to die like this? A failure... who couldn't even protect a dog?*
Narration: *The weak die.*
Narration: *Was that just the rule?*
Narration: *Would it be better to just accept it...?*
Narration: *Memories flashed rapidly through my mind.*
Narration: *The death of my sister.*
Narration: *The death of my father.*
Narration: *The death of my mother.*
Narration: *The death of the girl who bonded with me in the depths of hell.*
Narration: *They'd all died because they were weak, in one way or another.*
Narration: *Was "weakness" just an unconditional death sentence, then?*
Narration: *Was something that cruel and unfair the fundamental "rule" of our world?*
Narration: *Maybe it was.*
Narration: *But even so...*
Narration: *Even so...*
Narration: *―I wanted to know the reason I'd survived.*
Narration: *I was weak. So why was I still alive?*
Narration: *Thoughts churned chaotically through my mind; nothing like an answer emerged. But just as I was on the verge of giving up, I felt my chest go strangely cold.*
Narration: *"Did I survive... so I could kill something else...?"*
Narration: *"Is killing... all I've got left now...?"*
Narration: *All that whining about wanting to die, and here you are desperately searching for some excuse to live...*
Narration: *How completely pathetic. Are you that afraid of death, Kazami Yuuji?*
Narration: *I couldn't suppress a snicker at my own shamelessness.*
Yuuji: ...Heh...
Narration: *It really was hilarious. What a complete joke.*
Narration: *On the verge of bursting into laughter, I felt something melt inside my head, filling it with hot mud.*
Narration: *"This is idiotic..."*
Narration: *The world warped before my eyes.*
Narration: *The massive bear pressing down on me suddenly looked like some cheap stuffed animal you'd see in a low-budget comedy skit.*
Narration: *Before I knew it, I was jabbing a finger into its throat, then reaching out reflexively to grab a wooden stick lying on the ground nearby.*
Narration: *It was only a twig, really. Not even 20 centimeters in length.*
Narration: *My mind perfectly blank, I took that tiny piece of wood and pierced one of the bear's eyes with it.*
Narration: *Even the sturdiest creature has a few vulnerable points that it can't defend with layers of muscle.*
Narration: *And the bear had left one of these weak spots, its eyeballs, completely exposed to its enemy. With a terrible, throaty scream, the animal bolted off of me, the twig still lodged in its ruined eye.*
Narration: *Freed from its oppressive weight, I slowly pushed myself up off the ground.*
Narration: *The world was tilting around me. With staggering, unsteady steps, I made my way back to the rifle I'd tossed aside and picked it up.*
Yuuji: Heh heh...
Narration: *A small laugh pushed its way out of my mouth.*
Narration: *With a few knocks against a nearby tree trunk, I dislodged the soil from the barrel of my gun.*
Narration: *Pulling back the bolt handle, I took a bullet from my pocket and pushed it into the chamber... and then turned back to the bear, which was writhing and screaming as it desperately tried to remove the twig from its eye.*
Yuuji: ...End of the line...
Narration: *Once you're dead, you won't have to feel any more pain... or fear... or suffering.*
Narration: *With that silent thought, I pushed the muzzle of my gun right up against the bear's head.*
Narration: *"Let's just... get this over with already..."*
Narration: *But just as my finger was closing on the trigger, I noticed an odd rustling in the bushes behind me.*
Yuuji: ...?
Narration: *Lifting my heavy head with an effort of will, I turned it toward the sound.*
Narration: *Two bear cubs stared back at me from the undergrowth.*
Narration: *Even at a glance, I could see they were painfully thin, on the verge of starvation.*
Narration: *The instant I saw them, a small flame snapped to life at the center of my frozen heart... and everything fell into place.*
Narration: *"I see... You were planning to feed my dog to those two, weren't you...?"*
Narration: *You were going to feed your cubs...*
Narration: *...a member of my family, huh...?*
Narration: *Why... did it have to be my dog...?*
Narration: *There's other prey around here, right...? Plenty of deer and tanuki...*
Narration: *Why... did it have to be John, damn it...?*
Narration: *A wave of nausea abruptly rose up inside me. "Kill and eat anything you want, as long as it doesn't affect me"? What kind of reasoning was that?*
Narration: *What a selfish load of crap.*
Yuuji: ...Blugh...!!
Narration: *I quickly pressed a hand to my mouth, but vomit forced its way out the gaps between my fingers.*
Narration: *I knew how selfish I was being.*
Narration: *I was just pretending the world revolved around me.*
Narration: *Killing this bear now wasn't going to bring John back to life.*
Narration: *It would be pointless.*
Narration: *A pointless act of murder.*
Narration: *Carnivores eating other animals was completely natural.*
Narration: *But even if that was "how things work," I wasn't nearly mature enough to just accept it.*
Narration: *Spitting out the rest of the vomit that had gathered in my mouth, I steeled myself and pulled the trigger of my rifle.*
Narration: *As the sound of a gunshot echoed like thunder through the clear blue sky, Kusakabe Asako turned around in the entrance of her ransacked cabin.*
Asako: Sounds like we've had some trouble, all right...
Narration: *Considering the way the room had been turned upside down and the blood all over the floor, it was fairly clear a bear had broken in looking for prey.*
Asako: ...Well, if I heard a gunshot, I guess that means he's still alive...
Narration: *"I trained him better than to go down that easily."*
Narration: *And not long after Asako muttered these words to herself... I returned to her with my head hung low.*
Narration: *The knife was in my right hand. My rifle was on my shoulders. And in my left hand, I carried the red collar John had worn around her neck. With slow, trudging footsteps, I made my way back into the cabin.*
Asako: ...What happened?
Narration: *I looked up in response to Asako's question but found myself unable to answer it.*
Narration: *If I opened my mouth, I was afraid I'd just start wailing incoherently.*
Asako: ...Was it a bear?
Narration: *With a slight nod, I finally managed to force my lips apart. *
Yuuji: ...Asako... in the end, I couldn't kill it... I just couldn't... I'm useless... I'm so useless, Asako...
Narration: *I forced out the words through trembling lips, my breathing ragged; and Asako reached out to wrap her arms powerfully around me.*
Asako: It's all right... You're fine just the way you are...
Narration: *Holding my head to her chest, Asako pushed her hands into my hair and mussed it roughly around.*
Narration: *In that instant, something that had been frozen inside me abruptly thawed, and I began to cry.*
Yuuji: ...Aaaaaah...!
Narration: *Regret, sadness, and chagrin rushed through me all at once. It was simply unendurable.*
Narration: *Why did this have to happen? I wailed out the question, knowing there was no answer.*
Asako: ...Oh, shaddup... A man... shouldn't cry over something like this... you idiot...
Narration: *Even as she spoke those words, I could tell that Asako was crying as well.*
Narration: *In the shaking of her voice, I could hear an unspoken question: "How much does fate have to torment this kid?"*
Narration: *―That evening, Asako made a grave for John behind the cabin. She said it would help us "move on."*
Narration: *John's body wasn't actually inside it.*
Narration: *The only thing we buried was the red collar that I'd carried back from the woods.*
Narration: *I'd picked out that collar at a pet shop in town. Red seemed like a good color, since John was a girl.*
Narration: *The grave itself was very simple... a rough arrangement of some stones we'd picked up at random, resting on the earth where the collar was buried. But strangely, its presence was enough to help me regain my emotional balance.*
Narration: *To put it another way... after a long time spent living for nothing, I'd finally found a new goal to pursue.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Asako...
Asako: ...Mm?
Yuuji: I failed again... I couldn't protect something I loved...
Asako: Guess so...
Yuuji: I'm sick of being a coward, and I'm sick of running away...
Yuuji: Asako, you... said I'm fine the way I am, but I don't think I can take any more of this...
Yuuji: I want to be strong... I want to be like you, Asako...
Yuuji: I'm not talking about physical power, or knowing how to fight... I want to become a genuinely "strong" person... I think I owe that to her...
Asako: ...Give it up, kid. You're too soft and too kind-hearted... and people don't live very long in my line of work. You'd end up regretting it...
Yuuji: ...No matter how I spend the rest of my life, I'm going to die with a lot of regrets...
Yuuji: ...So in the meantime, I might as well try to do something worthwhile...
Yuuji: I might not be good for much... but I want to find a way to be useful to someone...
Yuuji: If I can manage that, I think I'll be able to die with a smile on my face...
Asako: You're naive as hell, kid... A life like mine isn't exactly a bed of roses, you know?
Yuuji: I'll tough it out...
Asako: You need more than a stiff upper lip in this line of work... and it's especially hard on guys like you, who tend to overthink things.
Yuuji: ...Can't you just turn off your brain and do what you're told?
Asako: Well, some people can, sure...
Yuuji: Okay then, I'll go with that.
Asako: You're not ordering out for a damn pizza here... How about you think it over for a while?
Yuuji: The more I think, the harder it gets to actually do anything... Today made that painfully obvious. I don't want to sit around agonizing anymore...
Asako: ...Listen, Yuuji. The hypnosis Oslo used to turn you into a killing machine never really wore off...
Asako: The only reason you're just a dopey kid right now is that I put another "suggestion" in your mind, on top of his...
Asako: ...To you, I'm literally "God." Unless I give the order, you can't even swat a fly... That's why you couldn't kill that deer, or the bear...
Yuuji: ...That's just a handicap. Get rid of it, will you...?
Asako: No. I'll pull out your "safety pin" when and if I think it's necessary. And only temporarily. Until then, you're an impotent little shit who can't even swat a fly! Got it!?
Yuuji: ...What a pain...
Asako: What are you, a moron!? Don't push your damn luck! Listen up, and listen good! I might be the one who saved your life, but right now, it's my salary that's keeping your belly full! You're living off hard-earned taxpayer money!
Asako: D'you have any idea how much it's costin' the Ministry of Defense to turn you into a real man, maggot!?
Asako: The clothes on your back! The weapons and ammo you use in training! The provisions that keep you healthy and hearty!
Asako: Even the water you use to flush your shit! All of it's paid for by the sacrifices of your countrymen! And don't you let yourself forget it!
Yuuji: R-Right!
Asako: Take your "right" and shove it! You will reply to me only in the form of a "hooah"!
Yuuji: H-Hooah!!
Asako: Now listen here! Your name may be Kazami Yuuji, but that's no longer who you are! As of this moment, you're a piece of national defense equipment, living to protect the assets and well-being of this country's people!
Asako: Until you've paid off the debt you owe to society, I won't even permit you to die!
Asako: Back in the day, when this country still had an army, a certain officer ordered every man under his command to survive until they took out at least ten of the enemy!
Asako: But things are different now! Accordingly, I'm forbidding you to die until you've saved the lives of at least ten of your fellow citizens!
Asako: ...Then again, you're barely even half a man, so I'll cut you a break. Until you've saved at least five people, I strictly forbid you to kick the bucket! Understood, maggot!?
Yuuji: Hooahhh!!!
Asako: ...I don't care if you can't pull the trigger for your own sake. But I want you to become a man who won't hesitate when it's someone else's life on the line... Got that?
Yuuji: ...I'll try not to kill myself in the process...
Date: *July XX, 2012, 16:27 - "Ichigaya"*
Yuuji: ...And that's how I ended up becoming Asako's "disciple," of my own free will.
Yuuji: She really taught me a lot... Bare-handed fighting as a method of self-defense, the handling of small arms... Even showed me how to drive a car and ride a motorcycle...
JB: That wasn't all she taught you, was it?
Yuuji: Well, I guess not... I've never put it into practice, but she showed me how to fly helicopters and small airplanes as well...
JB: That wasn't ALL she taught you... was it?
Yuuji: ...??? What are you talking about? Too many things come to mind. I can't really narrow it down...
JB: ...She also taught you how to sleep with women, didn't she?
Yuuji: Oh, right... I guess there was that, too...
JB: You better not try to tell me you forgot. I'm certainly never going to forget that, as long as I live...

Narration: *―One day, about two years after Asako and Yuuji began living together...*
JB: Oh, you're such a wet blanket! You've got a beautiful young lady offering to cook a nice meal for you, so how about just saying "thank you" for once!? Really!
Yuuji: ...Thank you, JB...
JB: Don't think you can get me in a better mood by just doing whatever I say! I swear, you take after Asako in the worst ways!
Narration: *Having used my day off from work to visit Asako's cabin, I was in the middle of cooking up a meal for the three of us... something I now did on a regular basis.*
Narration: *I didn't exactly think of it as an "obligation," but if I left things up to Asako, it was blatantly obvious that they'd eat nothing but instant food year round...*
Narration: *And above all else, I was a bit irritated by the way Yuuji never seemed to enjoy his meals, no matter what I served him.*
Narration: *In other words, I suppose there was a bit of "womanly stubbornness" at work.*
Yuuji: ...It seems like JB's always mad... I think she hates me...
Asako: Whaaat? Girl's always like that. She just acts cranky 'cause she likes pretending to be everyone's long-suffering big sister.
Yuuji: ...I don't get it. What's the point...?
Asako: It's just the way women are. Think of it as a kind of religion... No point tryin' to understand. 
JB: Excuse me! I can hear you over there!!!
Asako: Yeah, yeah, my bad... Christ, your ears are sharp as ever.
Asako: ...Listen, Yuuji, that right there is the kind of girl you never want to get angry. They'll nag you endlessly over the tiniest damn thing, and they won't forget about it no matter how many years pass...
Asako: Woman like that will find a wound on you, then spend years slooowly rubbing salt into it... It's the worst, I swear.
JB: Hello!? I just said I can hear you!
JB: Here, the food's done! Hurry up and eat!
Asako: Oh? Nice!
Yuuji: ...You really piled it up...
Asako: Yeah, that's always how it is with her cooking. She dumps it all on one big plate and makes everyone eat off it together... Been that way ever since the orphanage.
JB: Oh, get off my back. Using less tableware makes it easier to clean up afterwards, right?
Yuuji: ...Is she really rational, or is she just lazy...?
Asako: I'll put a thousand bucks on lazy!
JB: Stop talking nonsense and eat your food already.
Asako: Hey, JB. Crack me open another beer, will ya?
JB: What is that, your fifth? You've had enough!
Asako: Oh, shaddup. What's wrong with drinking my own money away? Last time I checked, you're not my old lady. Don't nag me about everything that brings a little joy to my shitty excuse fer a life.
JB: Honestly... Fine, but this is it for you!
JB: I'm taking one as well. How about you, Yuuji? Want anything?
Asako: Don't give the kid any alcohol. He hates the stuff.
JB: What on earth makes you think I would!?
Yuuji: ...I'm not sure I hate alcohol... I just don't like drunk people...
JB: Oh, I see... I'm sure you can't stand Asako, then? Sorry I didn't realize sooner... Don't worry, I'll get her parental rights rescinded right away.
Asako: Don't even think about it! In the first place, there's no way I'd get drunk off barley juice like this, right?
Yuuji: ...Well, Asako doesn't really change much when she drinks... I guess I've gotten used to it...
Asako: That's the spirit. Life's all about adapting to change.
JB: He hasn't "adapted," he's just gone numb!
Asako: *Munch*... Hey, this is pretty damn good, JB...
JB: Listen to me when I'm talking to you!
Asako: You don't like meat, right, Yuuji? Pass me that sausage. I'll handle it for you.
JB: Excuse me! Only two sausages apiece! And haven't I told you to eat your vegetables before gobbling down all the meat!? Here! Vegetables!
Asako: You heard the lady, Yuuji. Get on those veggies. If you get used to 'em, you'll last longer when ya get stranded in the jungle with no food.
Yuuji: ...Okay...
JB: I'm talking to YOU! Stop piling everything green onto Yuuji's plate!
Yuuji: Uh, it's all right. I don't mind vegetables...
Asako: Well, your diet's mostly beans already! Hahah!
JB: ...This is no good... I can't trust this woman with Yuuji. He'll just get worse and worse...
Asako: Aw, it's fine. The kid won't die as long as he eats his beans. They proved that in military experiments, remember?
JB: Don't you believe a word this woman says, Yuuji! Here, try some of this. You need to eat all sorts of things when you're young. It makes a big difference in how healthy you'll be as a grown-up!
Asako: ...Seem to remember you eating nothing but beans for a while there yourself... Kept going on about the "anti-aging effects of saponin"...
JB: Shut up! You Asians might not understand, but aging is a very serious problem for Westerners like me! Ignore her, Yuuji. Eat up!
Yuuji: ...Okay...
JB: What do you think? Tasty?
Yuuji: ...It's fine, I guess?
JB: What do you mean, fine!?
Asako: Don't be an idiot, Yuuji. We've been over this a million times. When a woman makes you food, tell her "it's delicious" before she even asks how it tastes. That's just basic manners.
Yuuji: Oh... right. Sorry, JB... It's delicious?
JB: It's a little late now!
Asako: Well, cut the kid a break. He still doesn't really know how to enjoy his food.
JB: ...But it's been two years... Shouldn't he be over that by now?
Asako: Your tastes are determined by what you ate when you were young. Don't be too hard on him.
JB: Oh... I guess you're right...
Yuuji: Uhm, I really do think it's pretty good. I'm not sure exactly what it is, though...
JB: That's Julia-style Auflauf...
Yuuji: ...Can't say I've ever heard of that before...
Asako: "Julia-style" my ass. What's with the German need to slap their names on everything they make, anyway?
JB: Auflauf is traditional home cooking! Every family has their own version, and they all look and taste very different! So you name it after the person who made it!
Asako: There's that rigid German thinking at work... Kinda like using soba in okonomiyaki makes it "Hiroshima-style"? Honestly, who gives a crap...
Yuuji: ...People do say Germans take things too seriously...
Asako: I wouldn't say they're all that tight-assed. Pretty hard workers, though. Oh, and JB's mom was Italian.
Yuuji: What does that make you, JB...?
JB: ...Right now, I'm Japanese like you.
Asako: Oh, please... Then how about you stop dunking all your meat, fish, and veggies in vinegar? If you're Japanese, then pickle 'em in rice bran!
Yuuji: I'm fine with anything that fills my stomach... Thanks for the food.
JB: What? Are you done already?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm full...
Asako: No problem. I'll finish off the rest.
JB: Uh, Asako...
Asako: Hey, Yuuji! I'm still hungry, so make some ramen, will ya? And wash the dishes while you're at it!
Yuuji: Okay, sure...
JB: Asako!!
Asako: What? Don't scream at me. It's annoying.
JB: ...Look, Yuuji isn't your servant. Why are you making him do everything for you?
Asako: He's the one who asked me to give him more work. Said he wanted to do anything he could... 
JB: Okay, but even so...
Asako: It's fine. Even for a soldier, it can be tough to sit around doing jacksquat, right? Feels better to work for his food, so he does what he can. Reminds me of a fresh-faced orderly... he really is one cute kid, don'tcha think?
JB: Well... I suppose. He's a bit on the dopey side, but he's got a fairly handsome face...
JB: You never know. He might actually end up being a real lady-killer someday!
Asako: Well, he's not a virgin or anything, so I don't think he'll go after 'em like a starving hyena.
JB: ...What?
Asako: Hmm? Just saying, he's been there and done that.
JB: Hold on... What exactly does that mean...?
Asako: Exactly what it sounds like. I was his partner, of course.
JB: Whaaaaaat!?
Asako: Damn, you really that surprised? Taking the new recruits out to the red-light district and teachin' em how to play with women is part of the squad leader's job, right?
Asako: Hell, the brass actually tells the new kids to sleep with a woman at least once every two months.
JB: Maybe in the all-male units!
Asako: Does he look like a girl to you?
JB: That's not what I'm saying! I've never heard of a WAVE showing a new recruit how to "play with women"!
Asako: What, like they don't go out drinking with the brass and snap up the naive virgins?
Asako: Y'know what I mean. "Ooh, Lieutenant! I seem to be a widdle tipsy, sir!"
Asako: How d'you even make your voice that sugary? Sounds like they're talking out of their pussies... Anyawy, I seem to remember there being roughly a million dumb bimbos like that hanging around.
JB: Th-That was only a certain number of women lacking in common sense! If you think everyone did it, you're completely mistaken!
JB: At the very least, I never humiliated myself like that! Not even once!
Asako: You U-branch types are all the same, I swear... you ever gonna learn to stop looking down your nose at everyone else? 
Asako: Honestly. This is exactly why you're still a virgin.
JB: Th-That's got nothing to do with this, does it!?
Asako: Anyway, I'm a woman and he's a man, and we've spent two years living under the same roof. It was bound to happen eventually, right?
JB: ...When was this!?
Asako: Huh?
JB: I'm asking you when you slept with the boy!
Asako: On his last birthday. Figured he wasn't really a kid anymore, so it was probably all right...
JB: Of course it isn't all right! That really was the first time, I assume!?
Asako: Huh? Uh, right...
JB: ...Hold on...
Asako: Hm?
JB: ...Okay, Asako. I want you to look me in the eyes and say that again...
Asako: ...Tch... god, stop squawking... I mean, I guess I sucked his dick once or twice beforehand, maybe...?
JB: Oh my goooood!
Asako: Uh, well, y'know... I was just takin' a bath with him or whatever... figured I'd strip him nude and get him all embarrassed, but he was weirdly calm about it...
Asako: So I decided to play around with his foreskin a little, just to mess with him, see...?
Asako: Ended up trying out a bunch of stuff just for the hell of it, but he sorta caught me by surprise... kid's got some real technique...
Asako: ...He's definitely had some experience bein' played with by women, y'know?
JB: What on earth were you thinking!?! Were you TRYING to reopen all his old wounds!?
Asako: Hm? Well, c'mon. When a woman hurts you, another woman's the best medicine, right?
JB: ...Oh my god... leaving him with you really was the fundamental mistake, wasn't it...?
Asako: I mean, sure, I know what you're trying to say. A woman like me is definitely a bit too much fer a virgin like that to handle...
Asako: But I wanted to teach him that nothing's impossible if you really fuckin' try, y'know...?
Asako: I don't want him to give up on anything before he even tries. It doesn't matter if a woman's totally out of your league... if you wanna sleep with her, you can...
JB: ...That's not it...
Asako: Huh?
JB: ...That's not it at ALL...
Asako: What are you talking about...?
JB: That little life lesson of yours has NOTHING to do with anything! That's not why I'm angry!!!
Asako: Wait, what? You're angry? About what...? Oh... feelin' jealous? Did you want to be the one to take his virginity?
JB: I didn't say anything remotely like that!
Asako: Don't be an idiot, girl. When two virgins get it on, they're both so clumsy and horny that it always turns into a huge mess. Somebody or other comes out hatin' sex for life.
Asako: Oh, but now that I think about it... why don't you let him take your virginity?
JB: Excuse me!? I'm sorry, let me repeat that. EXCUSE me!?
Asako: Aw, don't worry. The kid had some raw talent, and I've drilled the basics into him. He knows what he's doin'.
JB: ...Guh...
Asako: I mean, it's not like I started off thinking I was gonna end up in that kind of a relationship with him, either... but I started to get kinda worried, you know...?
JB: ...Worried... about what...?
Asako: Well, he obviously didn't have a normal childhood... maybe it's because he grew up seein' the ugly side of women, but he always seemed pretty uninterested in 'em...
Asako: He doesn't even bat an eye when we pass by a pretty fine girl in town, right? So I ask him what he thinks of her. And you know what he says?
JB: ..."Not interested"?
Asako: Nope... "Looks like she'd die easily." Kind of a screwed-up way for a boy his age to be sizin' up women, don't you think?
JB: ...I have to agree with you there...
Asako: So anyway, I sorta felt like I needed to step in and do something about that... 
Narration: *―After morning training was over, it was pretty common for the two of us to take a quick bath together. It's not like I'd decided what I was going to do beforehand.*
Asako: ...Hey, Yuuji, scoot over. I can't squeeze in.
Yuuji: Okay, I'll get out...
Asako: You only got in a minute ago, kid. Just move over... C'mon already.
Yuuji: Agh... do you really have to...?
Asako: Oooh... Hell yeah, that's the stuff...
Yuuji: You're so huge that half the hot water spilled out... What a waste...
Asako: Who cares? A bath's way more relaxing when you go whole hog on the water.
Asako: ...Incidentally, punk, don't go calling me "huge." I'll knock your damn block off.
Yuuji: Oww... Don't thrash around, will you? This tub's really small...
Asako: Just so you know, the tub's not that small and I'm not that huge. You're just getting bigger.
Yuuji: ...I am?
Asako: Yep. You've been shooting up like a damn weed lately... Getting a bit tough to squeeze both of us in one tub the way we used to.
Yuuji: ...I hadn't really noticed...
Asako: Hmm. Come to think of it, isn't your birthday coming up soon? When is that again?
Yuuji: ...It's today, actually...
Asako: How about mentioning that, punk!?
Yuuji: Ouch! Don't just start smacking me like that! I'm not a watermelon!
Asako: ...Damn, it's today, huh... There anything you want?
Yuuji: A kind-hearted foster parent would be nice...
Asako: ...*Chomp*!
Yuuji: Aaaagh! Don't bite me!
Asako: What? You just told me not to hit you. Talk about hard to please.
Yuuji: ...Gah, damn it...
Asako: Hmmm? I bite you, and you get a boner? You really are one weird kid, you know...
Yuuji: Yeah, yeah... leave me alone...
Asako: What do ya say? Want me to get you off with my mouth again?
Yuuji: That's okay...
Asako: Aw, no need to be shy. You're pretty backed up by now, aren't you?
Asako: Wait, hold on... it's your birthday and all. How's about I let you go all the way? Yeah, that works!
Yuuji: Excuse me?
Asako: All right then. I'll be your present!
Yuuji: ...Are you serious?
Asako: The hell kind of a reaction is that? Aren't you happy? I'll let you do anything you want.
Yuuji: ...Yay, I'm so excited. You're the best...
Asako: Nice monotone, punk. You're not excited in the slightest, are you?
Yuuji: ...Guh!
Yuuji: Can you not jab my head from behind like that? The world went black for a second there...
Asako: "Don't hit me, don't bite me, don't jab my head." What exactly do you want me to do, huh?
Yuuji: ...Is violence literally the only way this woman knows how to interact with people...?
Asako: Look, idiot... When a woman's offering, she's gonna get a little pissed off if you give her the old "I'm good, thanks." Am I that ugly?
Yuuji: No... I think you're attractive, Asako. With an asterisk...
Asako: The hell? Can't say I like the sound of that... What's this "asterisk" about, hey?
Yuuji: I don't like violent people... And I definitely couldn't handle being with one...
Asako: Dammit, don't give me that. People have been saying they can't "handle me" ever since I was a kid, y'know? I'm sick of it...
Yuuji: Then work on the violence thing. I'll take you up on your offer if you promise not to hit me...
Asako: What, you givin' me orders now? Who died and made you king?
Yuuji: It's my birthday, right? That makes me king for a day.
Asako: Guh... All right, fine then. I won't hit you again today... That's a promise...
Yuuji: Heh... all right then, why don't you start off by masturbating for me? Repeat after me: "I may be a huge woman with a tiny brain, but I hope you'll enjoy the show, sir"...
Yuuji: ...Kah!
Asako: Don't get carried away, you little shit...
Yuuji: Owwwwwwww! It was a joke! You just hit me for real, didn't you!? You promised you wouldn't!
Asako: Your jokes ain't funny, kid. Honestly, where'd you get that twisted personality from...?
Yuuji: ...I think I picked it up from you, actually...
Asako: The hell you did!
Yuuji: Figures... You'll probably never be self-aware enough to understand...
Asako: I dunno... For the record, you sound an awful lot like JB when you're mouthin' off at me like that...
Yuuji: ...So I can really do whatever I want?
Asako: Yep! Anything you want, kid! Even creampies are a-okay!
Yuuji: ...Hmmm... Okay then... how about a blowjob first?
Asako: Well... I guess if that's what you want...
Asako: You know, Yuuji... I've been thinking this for a while, but...
Yuuji: Hm?
Asako: ...You're a total sadist, aren't you?
Yuuji: Am I? I don't really have anything to compare myself against, so it's hard for me to say...
Asako: Well, normally a virgin brat like you is supposed to jump right at the girl's tits, right?
Asako: Like, you know... they're the symbol of motherhood, right? Wouldn't you go for those first, since you're starved for affection and all?
Yuuji: Well, you know what they say about saving the best for last...
Yuuji: I have to come once before we really get going, or I'll blow my load way too fast... that's just embarrasing, you know? Ugh, now I'm remembering something really humiliating... I wish I was dead...
Asako: Hey, get it together. What's wrong?
Narration: *"Hee hee... You came already? I can't believe my little brother's such a pathetic quickshot..."*
Narration: *"Then again... perhaps my hand just felt that good...?"*
Narration: *"In that case, I suppose you don't have to be embarrassed... it just goes to show how much you love your big sister..."*
Narration: *"You did nothing wrong, Yuuji... apart from ejaculating into your own sister's hand, I suppose..."*
Yuuji: ...Gwaaaah! Damn it, now I'm pissed!! It's all that woman's fault!!
Asako: Calm down, kid. I don't know what you're talking about, but it's pretty obvious you've got some kind of trauma when it comes to girls...
Yuuji: ...It's fine... I'm not the kid I used to be...
Yuuji: So on that note... mind starting off with a blowjob...?
Asako: O-Okay... I don't really get it... but if that's what you want, then sure...

Asako: So anyway... we took some breaks in between, but we ended up doing it eight times that day...
JB: Eight times...
Asako: It didn't exactly end there, either... we did again the day after, and the day after that. We'd fuck whenever we had the spare time, basically...
Asako: That kid's got a ton of stamina when it comes to this. He can easily go five or six times in a single day.
Asako: I mean, I like sex too... but keeping up with him is running me ragged...
Asako: Still, it's hard to say no when he's goin' on about how much he loves me, and how good it feels... guess I'm a woman after all, deep down...
Asako: You know, one day I was in the middle of takin' a shit when he barged into the bathroom...
Asako: Ended up with him dumping a huge load of come in my ass... that's when I realized "Christ, this kid's totally got me wrapped around his little finger"...
Asako: By that point, I wasn't exactly the dignified older woman any more. He started fuckin' me any time he wanted, making me come myself senseless... it was a real mess...
Asako: I mean, I did scold him and tell him he was taking things too far, but... we still do it five or six times a week, I guess...?
JB: .......
Asako: Oh yeah, speaking of going too far... last time the kid actually started fucking me while we were eating dinner. Ended up spilling hot ramen all over my stomach...
Asako: Look, see the burns...? Still stings a little, ya know...
JB: ......
Asako: Hm? What's wrong, JB? Your face is turning purple...
JB: I-It's nothing...
Yuuji: Asako, the ramen's ready...
JB: Waaah!!
Asako: What are you shouting about, woman...?
Yuuji: ...? What's wrong?
JB: I-It's nothing! Really!
Yuuji: All right, well... I still need to finsh washing the dishes, so...
Asako: Thanks, kid!
JB: ...*Siiiiigh*...
Asako: What the hell? Try not to freak out every time you see his face. Poor kid...
JB: E-Easy for you to say... how am I supposed to look him in the eye after you told me that story!?
Asako: Sheesh... this is exactly why you're still a fucking virgin, you know.
JB: M-Mind your own business!
Asako: On that note... you wanna sleep with him? 
JB: H-How did we suddenly jump to that!?
Asako: It's not like there's anyone else who'd pop your cherry without givin' you any headaches later, right? At this rate, you're seriously gonna die a virgin.
JB: ...Ugh...
Asako: Don't worry, I've trained him properly. Kid knows how to handle a girl. His foreplay is miles better than your typical old man.
Asako: And damn, his stamina! We've gone up to eight rounds in a single night, but he never runs outta gas. Youth is a scary thing... it's friggin' amazing stuff, seriously.
Asako: How about it? Wanna get that long overdue first time outta the way?
JB: B-But... but...!!
Asako: There's nothing to worry about. Just let him handle everything. And if you're still nervous, drink some more booze. That way, you can just blame everything on the alcohol later. Here, drink up...
JB: Hey, wait... *gulp*... *gulp*... Don't just... *gulp* force it down my... *gulp*... Pwaah!
Asako: Drank it all? Okay, perfect! You're drunk, so now there's no problem! Time to finally lose your virginity!
JB: Don't... be absurd... *hiccup*
Asako: Heeeey! Yuuji! Yuujiiiii!!
JB: ...Huh? Wait... why're you calling for him!? Don't tell me you were serious!?
Yuuji: ...You called?
Asako: Yep! Kazami Yuuji, I have a very special mission for you today!
Yuuji: ...This is pretty sudden... I haven't made any preparations or anything...
Asako: No, no, no! Not that kind of mission! Let's not even talk about that, okay!?
JB: ...Huh? What are you talking about?
Asako: Nothing, nothing at all! Okay, Yuuji. Take a look at JB! She's currently drunk as a skunk! You're gonna take her to bed and keep her company!!
Yuuji: ...You want me to nurse her?
Asako: Hell no! God, you can be fuckin' dense when you want to be... Listen up, okay? I want you to fuck JB!
Yuuji: ...Seriously? Awesome. But, uh... it doesn't look like she's too happy about this...
JB: Hey, Asako...? I think you've taken this far enough. It's not really funny any more, okay...?
Asako: Hey, Yuuji. Do you like blondes or what?
Yuuji: Hmm... I'm not sure. They're supposed to be total airheads, but JB's pretty smart... if we're talking about blondes like JB, I guess I do...
JB: ...Gah...
Asako: How about big boobs?
Yuuji: ...Are you kidding me? I love them. The bigger the better.
Asako: Okay, what about white girls? Or tall ones?
Yuuji: ...I'm fine with those. Kinda like them both, actually...
Asako: Okay. JB likes you, and you like JB! No problem, right!? Go fuck her brains out!
Yuuji: ...Well, that's Asako's opinion, but... are you all right with this, JB...?
JB: A... Absolutely not!!!
Yuuji: Oh, really...? Hey, Asako, she shot me down... what now?
Asako: Oh, c'mon. Don't you know how to deal with a stubborn girl who won't listen to reason? Pick her up and carry her to bed anyway!
Yuuji: ...Hmm... Okay...
JB: Hey! Waaaaah! Put... me... doooown!! Stop iiiit! 
Yuuji: ...Uhm, she's struggling pretty hard...
Asako: The girl's just panicking a little because she's embarrassed, that's all!
JB: Put me dooooown!
Yuuji: ...Oww..
Yuuji: Okay... she actually punched me really hard just now...
Asako: Haven't I taught you anything!? That's your cue to retaliate in kind! Slap her upside the head and tell that virgin to get over her stupid fantasies of some romantic first time!
Yuuji: ...She's a girl, though.
Asako: So what? You're a guy, right? Fuck her hard! Go teach her what sex is really like!
Yuuji: ...You're being awfully pushy about this...
Asako: That's nothin' new, is it? Start off with three hours of full-force foreplay! Don't stop until she's barely conscious!
Asako: Once she's droolin' from the mouth and babbling like an idiot, that's your cue to come inside her! That's an order, soldier! Understood!?
Yuuji: Yes, ma'am...
JB: Heeeeeeeeeey!! Nooooooooooo!! Put meeee doooown!! Don't rape meeeeee!
Yuuji: ...Don't worry... I'll be gentle...
JB: ...*Sniffle*... Really...?
Yuuji: Or if you want... we can just sit around for a while, then tell Asako we did it... I don't mind either way...
JB: ...But... Now I'm worried... I'll really die a virgin...
Yuuji: I don't think you need to rush things... you might find someone eventually... and if you can't, I'll always be here for you...
JB: ...You're so nice... Yuuji...
Yuuji: I know, right? Asako told me I need to be gentle when I'm making a move on a girl like you...
JB: ...Ooooh... I see... Asako told you to do that, did she? Hmph...
Yuuji: Asako is my master, after all. She's always teaching me all sorts of things...
Yuuji: A lot of what she says seems crazy at first, but she knows what she's talking about... she's never steered me wrong...
Yuuji: So... if she wants us to sleep with each other, I'm sure there's a good reason to do it...
JB: ...You trust that woman too much. She's really just an idiot...
Yuuji: Are you saying... you don't trust Asako, Julia?
JB: Th-That's not... look, that's a different question altogether... Also, don't just start calling me "Julia"... you made my heart skip a beat... 
Yuuji: But I'm supposed to use a girl's first name when we're having sex...
JB: Another one of Asako's teachings, huh? So... what, you're still planning on having sex with me...?
Yuuji: I want to, if you're willing. I like you a lot, JB... and I'll do anything I can for you...
JB: ...Uggggh... Stop giving me those puppy dog eyes...
Yuuji: ...Am I not good enough?
JB: Auuuugh... That's not it, but... Umm... it's just... this is my first time... I'm not really... ready yet...
Yuuji: How about we go slow until you get used to it, then? We can start off by just hugging each other naked...
JB: ...Gaaah... how can a kid like you be so much more mature about this...? I'm scared...
Yuuji: Don't be... I won't do anything to hurt you...
JB: ...I'm starting to feel like you're just trying to coax me into this...
Yuuji: It's just your imagination... Come on, let's get those clothes off you... Come closer, Julia...
JB: Okay, you're TOTALLY just trying to coax me into this!!!
Yuuji: ...If you don't like a younger man taking the lead, why don't you pretend to be the experienced older woman?
JB: For some reason, I'm starting to get really ticked off at you!!!

JB: ...That was a pretty traumatic experience for me, you know... I seriously thought you were going to fuck me to death.
Yuuji: What do you want me to say? I was a kid who'd just learned about sex. I didn't know how to control myself...
JB: There are some things that really doesn't excuse!
Yuuji: At the time, I didn't know my sex drive was unusually strong...
Yuuji: During my training period in Japan, the squad leader took us to a brothel, and I ended up making one of their girls cry from exhaustion... that's when I finally realized I was kind of abnormal...
JB: I'm pretty sure I made that very clear!
Yuuji: ...Well, Asako said you were just being shy or something...
JB: Oh, come on! How many times did I tell you not to trust a word that woman said!? Good lord! You are SUCH an idiot!
Yuuji: I know, I know... My bad. Haven't I apologized enough by now...? I've turned over a new leaf, I swear...
JB: I've heard that one before. Talk's cheap, mister...
Yuuji: I do feel bad about it, but I don't regret that it happened. Just for the record... the time I spent in that cabin was probably the happiest period of my life...
JB: I suppose... Things were certainly crazy, but now that you mention it... those days might have been the happiest...
Yuuji: ...That said, I'm enjoying my current life as well... Doesn't hurt that you're still a part of it, JB...
JB: Wh-What the...? Don't even think about it. This isn't the place...
Yuuji: You have another place in mind?
JB: Oh, don't be an idiot... You're here on business today, remember? Focus!
Yuuji: ...Right, we've gotten pretty off-track. Where were we?
JB: Uhm... I guess we should cover the reason you started working "jobs" next...
Yuuji: ...The period when Asako's condition started to deteriorate, then...
JB: Right...

Narration: *―For some time after that, the two of us lived relatively peacefully together.*
Narration: *Every day, I trained with Asako and studied under JB's direction.*
Narration: *It was a static, uneventful life, but by this point Asako had filled the cabin with more books than I could ever hope to finish.*
Narration: *One afternoon, as usual, I was killing time by reading something I'd taken down off the shelf at random.*
Yuuji: ...Hm? What was that sound? Is everything okay, Asako?
Asako: Hahah... Damn, that takes the cake...
Yuuji: You dropped a knife? Did you cut yourself?
Asako: Yeah, don't worry. I'm all right.
Yuuji: Look, your hands are trembling. You've been drinking too much again...
Asako: ...Hm, guess so... Sorry, Yuuji, but can you make dinner tonight?
Yuuji: Well, I don't mind, but... are you really all right, Asako?
Asako: I'm fine, kid. It'll settle down once I get some alcohol in my system.
Yuuji: Listen, I'm telling you that's the problem. Don't drink any more today.
Asako: What, you givin' me orders now? Who d'you think you are, punk?
Yuuji: This has been happening way too often lately. Please, Asako... You're all I've got left now...
Asako: Guhhh... Dammit. Fine, fine...
Narration: *I did ask Asako if she had some kind of disease. She'd always say "It's nothing" and change the subject.*
Narration: *Even so... it was becoming increasingly obvious that her physical condition was deteriorating.*
Narration: *Her episodes of absentmindedness were growing more common, and she was beginning to take "sick days" from her job on a regular basis.*
Narration: *And one day, some time after this had begun...*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Asako. That black cell phone you use for work is ringing.
Asako: Nngh... Quit yapping, will ya...? Just turn the damn thing off...
Yuuji: Are you sure? JB got really mad the last time you did that...
Asako: Fine, then you answer it. Tell 'em "Sorry! Not happening today!" or something...
Yuuji: All right...
Yuuji: ...Hello?
Man: "...That you, 9029? You've got an urgent job. Be on standby at the entrance to the Kofu South Interchange by 1430 hours. Your ride will meet you there."
Narration: *To my surprise, the voice on the other end of the line... wasn't JB's.*
Narration: *Well, it probably didn't matter.*
Yuuji: Ah, sorry! Can't make it today!
Man: "This is a special direct order from Akasaka, falling under the provisions of article 9. You're not entitled to refuse. Should you fail to obey, you'll be subject to an expedited court-martial for treason."
Yuuji: Uh... wait, what exactly does that...?
Man: "I'm not obligated to clarify. All I need to know is whether or not you intend to come. Which is it going to be?"
Yuuji: ...Fine, I'll go...
Man: "As per article 9, we'll be providing your equipment on-site. That will be all."
Yuuji: Ah... Dammit, couldn't get a word in edgewise...
Yuuji: ...Hey, Asako... that call just now...
Asako: ...Zzz... Zzz...
Yuuji: Great, she's asleep... What now...?
Narration: *...Kofu South at 2:30... Assuming I borrowed Asako's bike, it should only take about 40 minutes to get out there.*
Yuuji: ...Guess I don't have much choice...
Narration: *Over time, there were several other calls like that one... and answering them in Asako's place became another part of my routine.*
JB: ...Hey, Asako. Are you all right?
Asako: Hm? What are you talking about?
JB: You haven't been feeling very well lately, from what I hear.
Asako: Oh, that? It's fine. Yuuji wouldn't get off my damn back, so I stopped drinking... I've been feeling a lot less sluggish after that, and my hands aren't trembling anymore.
JB: ...Well, okay... I mean, no one's complaining about 9029's performance on the last few jobs, but... people are saying you've gotten a lot more mellow all of a sudden.
Asako: Mellow...? Mellow, huh... Well, I guess I'm not going for the kill shots anymore...
JB: Fine, but that doesn't mean you have to bring down a fleeing target by shooting the heels of their shoes... This isn't a circus act, all right?
JB: When you're authorized to kill, you take the highest-percentage shot. We're not playing around here.
Asako: Huh? Uhh... yeah, sure. I'll be careful next time...
JB: Oh! Right, I nearly forgot! Why did you ignore me like that the other day!?
Asako: What? The other day...? When was this?
JB: Four days ago, when we were arresting those illegal immigrants! I got on the radio and warned you the station wagon was coming your way, but you never even responded!
Asako: The job got done, didn't it...?
JB: Well, yes... You took out their engine in one shot, I'll give you that...
JB: But when I got back on the radio and said "Good work," you just turned it off without saying a word!
JB: What kind of attitude was that? If you've got a problem, then just come out and tell me! It left a bad taste in my mouth!
Asako: Uh, so here's the thing... That wasn't actually me.
JB: ...What? No, it was definitely 9029... It's in the records and everything...
Asako: Right. I'm telling you that the Ichigaya agent "9029" working that job wasn't me.
JB: Huh? What on earth are you saying...?
Asako: Hey, Yuuji! Make some coffee, will ya!?
JB: ...Huh? What's all this about?
Yuuji: ...There's still some left over from this morning, if you're okay with that.
Asako: Well, no point wasting it, I guess... but at least heat it up for us, all right?
Yuuji: Oh, JB's here? In that case, I'll make a new pot.
Asako: Hey, what the hell? You're okay givin' me leftovers, but you'll make a new pot for JB? That's discrimination, kid.
Yuuji: You always smoke with your coffee, so it's not like you can tell the difference... What do you want, JB? The usual decaf?
JB: Uh, yeah... please...
Yuuji: Got it. Hold on just a minute...
JB: Hm... Hmm?
Asako: I realized how talented he was a good while ago, you know...
Asako: I mean, I wasn't taking it that seriously at first... Got him a rifle just for kicks, more or less... but he turned out to be a really fast learner, and I started getting into it...
JB: Ah! Wait, are you telling me...!?
Asako: Yeah, I think you get the idea...
JB: ...What? Whaaat!? That's just... Whaaaaaaaaaaat!?!
Asako: It's not that unusual for HQ to call us to a job directly, right? A lot of the time with those, you never even see your officer or the other agents face-to-face.
Asako: He's just been taking my place on some of those "quickies"... every once in a while.
JB: ...Every once in a while!? Hold on, does HQ...!?
Asako: Of course they don't know.
JB: And what are you going to do if they find out!? Are you insane!?
Asako: So far, so good. You're the only one who's caught on so far, right?
JB: You have GOT to be kidding me...
Asako: If the right number of "dogs" show up, they've got the right numbers on their collars, and the signals move like they're supposed to, nobody's going to get suspicious...
Asako: At the end of the day, the brass doesn't give a shit who's pulling the trigger as long as it gets pulled.
Asako: If someone can do the exact same job in my place, what difference does it really make one way or the other?
JB: I understand what you're saying, but... 9029 is a special number...
Asako: Yep. It's the number that's special, not Kusakabe Asako. That's what it means to be a "legend," when you get down to it...
JB: Asako, this is just crazy... You're sending a child into the field! What in God's name are you thinking? People's lives are on the line!
Asako: Hey, he might be a kid, but I trained him from the ground up. He's more than a match for your average newbie agent.
JB: That's not what I'm talking about, and you know it!
Yuuji: ...Okay, coffee's ready.
JB: Kh...!!!
Yuuji: Huh? Is there some reason you're glaring at me like that...?
Asako: Haha... Sorry, Yuuji. She found out about you filling in for me.
Yuuji: Oh, okay.
JB: "Oh, okay"!? Is that all you've got to say for yourself!? Didn't I always tell you!? When Asako starts doing something stupid, it's your job to stop her! Remember that!?
JB: You're supposed to be the reasonable one here, not her partner in crime!!
Asako: Calm down, will ya? Drink your coffee or something.
JB: Yuuji! Oh, Yuuji, this is exactly what I warned you about! I told you not to let her talk you into anything!
JB: I said it over and over and over again! Until I went blue in the face!
JB: Aaah... Weren't you listening to a word I said? How did it come to this? Did she make some kind of sexual deal with you, and start holding that over your head?
JB: Or maybe this is about money? Did you want cash to play around with? Oh god, I knew I should have been the one to adopt you... What a mess...
Yuuji: ...I'm not sure how Asako explained this, but the first time I took her place out there, I didn't exactly ask permission...
Yuuji: It wasn't that different the next time, or the time after that. I filled in for Asako on my own initiative...
Yuuji: She never pressured me to take on her jobs, not even once.
JB: That doesn't matter. Asako had a responsibility to stop you.
Asako: Well, I do feel bad... but everyone has their off days, right? Like, when you had too much to drink the night before... Y'know, like... "Uggggh, I don't want to do anything today"...
JB: Don't give me that! Listen, Asako! What you're doing to Yuuji is no different from what Heath Oslo did!
Asako: Uh, when you put it that way... I guess I don't have much of an excuse...
Yuuji: Still, this is pretty much the only thing I'm capable of doing...
Yuuji: I know I'm repeating myself, but I took Asako's place of my own free will, as a way of repaying her...
Yuuji: It makes me feel like I'm making myself useful... like there's some actual value to my life...
Yuuji: I barely even managed to survive this long, you know? I'm not good for much... and of course, I still can't bring myself to kill...
Yuuji: But Asako told me I'm fine the way I am. She taught me to look for the non-lethal way to get things done... 
Asako: ...That's definitely the best solution, if you can pull it off. It's something I couldn't achieve myself...
Asako: But you... just might be able to manage it.
JB: None of that justifies this lunacy! Your life was a brutal nightmare for a long time, but we pulled you out of it! Why would you go right back to where you started!? I can't begin to understand!
Asako: Well, it's not like you're that interested in trying...
JB: That's not true!
Asako: Sure it is. That's the way it always is with you. You think you understand people, but when push comes to shove, you don't even try to see things through their eyes...
Asako: You've already decided what the "correct" choice is, and you'll interpret anything else in the worst possible light.
Asako: All you care about is cause and effect, see? You don't spare a thought for the actual people involved.
Asako: Everyone who gives orders for a living ends up that way. If you worry about individuals, you'll always end up going soft. Makes it harder to move the pieces on your chess boards.
JB: ...Ugh...
Yuuji: Hey, stop picking on JB...
Asako: What? Seriously, whose side are you on, kid?
Yuuji: JB's just worried about me. I'm on her side this time.
Asako: ...Tch... Seriously? You're too damn soft on women you've slept with, kid...
Yuuji: That's not what this is about. And anyway, shouldn't we try to convince her instead of wasting time like this?
Asako: Aw, shaddup! I've had it with your backtalk! Hey, JB! At the end of the day, you're just pissed off because we're breaking the rules, right? Fine, then! We'll just get the kid his qualifications!
JB: Excuse me!? Stop putting words in my mouth! And "qualifications"? Are you serious!?
Asako: What do you say, Yuuji? Want to get yourself licensed to work?
Yuuji: Yeah... sounds good.
JB: Hold on, Yuuji! Are you really all right with this!? Think it over more carefully! And don't you worry about "repaying" this idiot for anything, okay!?
JB: You'll just make the woman's ego even worse than it already is!
Asako: What was that!? You're startin' to seriously piss me off here, ya shaggy-headed bimbo!
Yuuji: Seriously, don't fight... What a pain...
Asako: Listen, Yuuji! What do YOU want to do? This is your future we're talking about here! Make up your own damn mind!
Asako: Don't just go with the flow! Think it over and make your own decision! That's how you make a choice you won't regret!
Yuuji: Yeah... I know...
JB: Don't listen to her selfish nonsense! She's telling you to put your personal feelings first, without even considering the effect it has on others!
Yuuji: ...I know... I know what you're saying, JB... but please, just listen to me...
Yuuji: If there's a job I can handle, I want to do it...
Yuuji: Of course, I don't want to be a burden on anyone, if I can help it... but it's not just that. I want an actual reason to live...
Yuuji: I want someone, someday, to be grateful I was there for them...
Asako: See, look at that! Friggin' magnificent! The man's made up his mind, okay!? This is where the women stop squawking and butt out! Let him live his life the way he wants!
JB: Just shut up for a minute!!
Asako: What was that!?
JB: Yuuji, come with me!
Yuuji: ...Huh?
Asako: Hold it! Where d'you think you're taking him!?
JB: I'm not going to march him into HQ, all right? We're going to talk in private! Don't you dare follow us! Come on, Yuuji! 
Asako: Ah! Hey...!
JB: Shut UP!!
Asako: ...Ugh!!!
Asako: ...Seriously? Look at that... Stupid girl shot holes in the wall...
Asako: ...You're not any better than me when it comes to listening to people, JB...
Narration: *As the sun's shadow sunk behind the mountains in the west, JB stalked down the path in such an obvious rage that I half-expected to see steam rising from her head.*
Narration: *Her heels weren't exactly suited to the terrain, but she managed somehow, thrusting her shoulders forward with every emphatic step. I followed in silence.*
Narration: *At first, I'd thought about trying to lighten the mood with a joke... but there might as well have been a sign on JB's back reading "Don't talk to me!" in bold type, so I decided it would be wisest to keep my trap shut.*
Narration: *After about 10 minutes of this, we reached the paved road at the bottom of the trail. JB's pride and joy - a new yellow car that had supposedly cost her most of the money in her bank account - was waiting for us there.*
Narration: *As we neared, the keyless entry system detected the approach of its owner. With a cute little chime and a flash of the hazard lights, the doors automatically unlocked.*
JB: ...Get in.
Narration: *I got into the vehicle without a word, unable even to ask where we'd be going. The cabin still had a hint of that "new car smell"; the passenger seat was snug and comfortable.*
Narration: *To be honest, our destination wasn't really the first thing on my mind. I was too busy trying to figure out what Asako and JB had gotten so worked up about in the first place.*
Narration: *It wasn't as if they owed me anything. I was just some random kid they'd happened to take in.*
Narration: *I couldn't understand why they'd get into such a furious fight about my future, of all things.*
Narration: *Well... to borrow Asako's words, maybe I hadn't been that interested in understanding.*
Narration: *Still, I was beginning to think it might not hurt to try. But before I could put those thoughts into action, JB abruptly tore her glare off the road and broke her silence.*
JB: I'm sorry for being so pushy...
Yuuji: It's all right...
Narration: *Sometimes, it's hard to have a coherent conversation with three people in the room.*
Narration: *At times like those, splitting up to talk things over can be an effective approach.*
JB: ...It's not that I can't understand what Asako was trying to say, or what she wanted to do...
JB: She wants to give you a goal, or a purpose... Something vague to work towards... That's her way of teaching you what it means to be "strong," I suppose.
JB: But this isn't the only road open to you, okay? If you put your mind to it, it's perfectly possible for you to become anything you want...
JB: Asako might say this is what you've chosen for yourself... but the way I see it, you just haven't found any alternatives yet...
JB: You could work at an ordinary company, or a restaurant. You could live a normal life. I'm positive of that...
JB: But Asako's the sort of person who can't think outside of her own experiences, so she can't help but guide you toward her own field... That's what got me so upset back there.
Yuuji: Yeah... I understand what you mean, JB... and I think Asako probably does too...
JB: I'm really not so sure about that. I've said this before, but you've got a bit too much respect for that woman.
Yuuji: You know, she told me something a while ago..."You don't need two brilliant officers in one company." Ever heard that one?
JB: ...What's that supposed to mean?
Yuuji: Basically, she says that when a commander and his XO are both really skilled, their troops tend to get wiped out sooner or later...
JB: Oh, maybe I have heard something like this before... In other words, when you've got two people at the top who never disagree, the soldiers never have to hesitate... which means they get annihilated when a plan fails.
Yuuji: Yeah... and there's something else Asako's always telling me... "My opinions aren't always going to be correct. Neither are JB's. The final decision is always gonna be yours."
JB: ...I see. That does sound like her...
Yuuji: She also says... "my job is to smack the enemies right in front of us, and JB's job is to fight with an eye on the enemies we'll be facing 10 years from now"...
Yuuji: ...To be honest, I can't even imagine myself 10 years down the line... I'm a dumb kid, and I've got my hands full with the present...
Yuuji: So it seems to me that I might as well just focus on what I can do right now... Simple enough, right?
JB: ...That's not simple. It's simplistic...
Yuuji: I don't disagree with you. But it's easy to understand, and I feel like it fits my personality...
JB: ...That's only because Asako molded you to think that way.
Yuuji: What do you mean...?
JB: When you get right down to it, she's made you into a copy of herself...
JB: Your circumstances reminded her of her own past. And she saw you as someone she could teach...
JB: Sure, it might have been nothing more than a whim at first. But you learned so fast, grew so quickly... and it moved Asako, in a way I don't think she could explain in words...
JB: For all her talk about giving you a better life than the one she lived, the woman's incredibly happy to see you taking your first steps down the same road she followed.
Yuuji: I don't know about that... I told Asako I wanted to be like her, once. Do you know how she responded to that...?
JB: ..."The world doesn't need two Kusakabe Asakos," right?
Yuuji: What, you knew...?
JB: She told me herself. "That idiot said he wants to be like me. What a moron, right? How dumb can you get?" Went on and on in between bites of yakitori. She was as happy as I've ever seen her...
Yuuji: ...The world doesn't need two Kusakabe Asakos. And even if I follow the same road, that doesn't mean things will turn out exactly the same...
Yuuji: In that case, I'll take the same path she did... and make it my own.
JB: Ah... We know the same wind and rain, but you are red, and I yellow...
Yuuji: ...Come again?
JB: It's an old poem. Even if their environment is the same, the fruits of different trees will turn out differently... Red fruit may be sweet and in demand, but the yellow and sour ones aren't cast aside either...
Yuuji: Hm...
JB: ...Hey, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Yes, "Julia"?
JB: ...I'm trying to have a real discussion here, you know. Would you mind taking this seriously?
Yuuji: I'm always serious.
JB: ...Sorry, would you mind reaching into the back and handing me the aluminum jack?
Yuuji: Let's not. I'm pretty sure you'd actually kill me.
JB: Are you going to take this seriously, then?
Yuuji: Okay, okay.
JB: ...I want to hear you say this one more time. Are you really all right with this?
Yuuji: Yeah, I've made up my mind. I want to repay both of you for everything you've done for me...
JB: If that's your reason, I'm going to ask you to stop. I didn't help you because I wanted a show of gratitude.
Yuuji: Don't worry about it. This is a debt I'll probably never repay, anyway. All you need to do is keep an eye on the way I live my life...
JB: Fine... I won't say anything more. You can leave the formalities to me...
Yuuji: That's a big help. Sorry, JB... Feels like I'm always giving you headaches...
JB: It's fine. Just have to think of it as another part of the job...
JB: More importantly, you do realize that your life is going to take a turn for the troublesome at this point, yes? Do you think you're ready for this?
Yuuji: What's life without a little trouble? Helps keep things from getting too boring...
JB: ...Honestly, you've got one smart mouth, you know that?
Narration: *―And so, I finally set foot onto the road Asako had followed... the road toward becoming a "CIRS" agent.*
Narration: *Even now, I remember vividly just how enormous that first "step" felt...*

Narration: *XXXX XX, 20XX, XX:XX*
Narration: *When you're looking for a job, qualifications are usually necessary.*
Narration: *And when your chosen line of work involves protecting the interests of a nation from the shadows, the standards are understandably strict. You need results and achievements that demonstrate genuine skill.*
Narration: *In other words, it's pretty easy to talk about "getting a license," but the actual process isn't quite so simple.*
Narration: *It didn't help that I'd lived a somewhat "complicated" life up to this point. In order to obtain the necessary qualifications, I needed to at have at least some educational track record.*
Asako: So anyhoo, I'm gonna have you head over to America and start attending school there.
Yuuji: ...Isn't it a little late for that, at my age?
Asako: Well, they call it a "school," but it's more like a naval training facility where you can get a diploma. Basically a sewer full of the stupidest delinquents and dumbasses the US has to offer.
Asako: Most of your "classmates" are gonna be older and bigger than you, so your age ain't exactly a problem.
Yuuji: Sounds like a pain...
Asako: Yeah, that's life. Try to enjoy it, why don't you?
Narration: *These days, you need a CO2 emissions permit to make a bonfire in your own garden. Guess it's no surprise that a professional killer needs to be "licensed."*
Narration: *Still, it seemed more than a little comical that I needed to go get myself a school diploma as a prerequisite for being permitted to murder people.*
Asako: Here's the thing, Yuuji. Militaries like their soldiers young. Apart from the physical advantages, they want people who haven't had time to develop a set of personal values. It's easier to mold them into obedient grunts.
Asako: To put it more bluntly, they want overgrown kids who believe anything they're told. Give 'em a nice, simple order, and they won't think about anything except carrying it out. A country can never have enough soldiers like that.
Yuuji: ...People who haven't lived long enough to get too attached to the world make for more willing "heroes," I guess...
Asako: That's a nasty way to put it, but... yeah, you get the idea.
Asako: Don't get too worried, though. I've taught you pretty much everything I know by now. Shouldn't matter what they throw at you. You'll make the guys around you look like total fuckin' buffoons.
Asako: I taught you how to eat, how to fire a gun, and how to fuck women. You can figure out the rest on your own, right?
Yuuji: Yeah. I don't really dislike the idea of going back to school, anyway...
Asako: Okay then. Let's get going!
Yuuji: Huh? You're coming too, Asako?
Asako: Well, I'm your guardian and all. I'll stick with you till we get there.
Yuuji: What about work?
Asako: No problem. I've already lined up a gig as an instructor at a hunting school.
Yuuji: ...Please tell me JB isn't tagging along too...
Narration: *―Considering my age, it seemed a little excessive for Asako to follow me over to my new school. But fortunately, that wasn't really what she had in mind.*
Narration: *There was a perfectly good reason she was coming along with me. Specifically, I wouldn't have been permitted to leave the country without her.*
Narration: *She wasn't actually being "overprotective," in other words. It was just a matter of dealing with the red tape.*
Narration: *That same day, the two of us headed to Atsugi air base and boarded a transport plane that flew us to the States. Once we landed, a multi-step journey by car and ferry brought us to San Diego, California.*
Narration: *At this point, Asako told me I'd be going the rest of the way alone. She proceeded to walk off with a wave of her hand, leaving me standing there without so much as a suitcase. It was... a little disconcerting.*
Narration: *She'd only handed me two things: a small hand-drawn map, and my orders to report for "training." Apart from that, all I had were the clothes on my back and the wallet in my pocket.*
Narration: *Studying the map, I found that my designated meeting point was a good 12 kilometers away. And although it was only spring, the San Diego sun was glaring down fiercely.*
Narration: *The obvious choice was to take a taxi or something, but unfortunately, my financial situation didn't allow for that.*
Narration: *At least I still had some leeway in terms of time. For lack of any better options, I started hiking down the road with my map in one hand.*
Narration: *Eventually, as I approached the location indicated on my map, I began to notice a number of people who were clearly headed to the same destination.*
Narration: *Some were dragging carts full of baggage, clutching letters like mine and looking nervously around the area...*
Narration: *And others were squatting down on the bare earth, puffing away at cigarettes with scowls on their faces. There were even small groups of people who seemed to know each other talking about nothing in particular.*
Narration: *From all appearances, Uncle Sam's school seemed to accept quite a range of "students." *
Narration: *Thirty minutes or so before the designated time, a single bus pulled up and stopped next to our group. There were already a number of people seated inside.*
Narration: *It was probably going around like a garbage truck, collecting students who'd been called to various locations.*
Narration: *A few seconds after it stopped, the doors of the bus swung open, and a man stepped down to stand in front of it.*
Narration: *He was wearing a blue outfit that resembled a prison guard's uniform. After a brief glance around the area, he proceeded to bellow at us at the top of his lungs.*
Man: Stop wasting time, you little shits! We're not going on a damn picnic!!
Narration: *Some people flinched and lined up immediately. Those were the more innocent ones.*
Narration: *Most hadn't quite come to terms with their new position in the world and walked over to the bus with a resentful sluggishness. Did they think expressing their displeasure was going to make things any better for them?*
Narration: *They weren't much different from the kids in Oslo's school in that respect. The familiarity of it all was actually a little reassuring.*
Narration: *When I presented my orders to the man in front of the entrance to the bus, he flipped through the contents of the envelope briefly, then glared down at me.*
Man: Where's your luggage?
Yuuji: ...Do I need something other than that envelope?
Man: Hmph... Well, fine. Get on already.
Narration: *After everyone boarded, we drove around picking up groups waiting at various other locations, but none of them were any better than the guys I was with.*
Narration: *Inside that bus, there were two main topics of conversations.*
Narration: *"Where are you from?"*
Narration: *"What did you pull to end up here?"*
Narration: *The hierarchy was mainly determined by your hometown and the number of illegal things you'd done there. A lot like Oslo's school in that respect, too.*
Narration: *From what I overheard, the bus was full of former criminals. Car thieves, convenience store robbers, drug dealers... Even a few sex offenders. *
Narration: *I really didn't want to have anyone strike up a conversation with me, so I decided to pretend I was asleep. But that didn't stop a certain black man from reaching over and forcefully grabbing hold of my shoulder.*
Black Man: Hey, Chinese! What's your story, huh?
Narration: *―It honestly hurt.*
Narration: *Maybe he wanted to show off the power of his grip. Maybe he just didn't know how to control his own strength. Either way, it was a serious nuisance.*
Narration: *That said, I couldn't ignore him or answer with some half-assed lie. It would just make things even more difficult down the road. I'd learned that much in Oslo's school.*
Narration: *A simple and honest answer was usually best.*
Yuuji: ...Killed both my parents...
Black Man: Are you for real...?
Narration: *―That said, you have to know when to take a hint.*
Yuuji: ...Haha, of course not. Just a joke.
Black Man: The hell? You ain't much of a comedian, Chinese...
Narration: *As a general rule, thugs only attack those weaker than themselves.*
Narration: *You only get one life, and it's over if you lose the wrong fight. There aren't many bullies stupid enough to go picking fights with people stronger than they are.*
Narration: *Naturally, that means there's nothing people like that hate more than someone they can't "size up" properly. I guess I fell into that category.*
Narration: *After that brief conversation, nobody else spoke to me for the rest of the ride.*
Narration: *―All in all, I think we spent a good two hours bumping around in that bus. When it finally reached our destination, we were greeted by a surprisingly impressive gate, like something you might see in front of a more normal school.*
Narration: *The grounds inside were lush with green; a blatantly "military" building best described as a plain white lump of concrete was visible from the entrance.*
Narration: *Still, it was nicer-looking than I'd expected. Seemed like they probably covered up the grime with a fresh coat of paint every few years.*
Man: Once you're off that bus, run to the gym! No dawdling!!
Narration: *It would've helped if we knew where the "gym" even was.*
Narration: *For the time being, since I didn't have any luggage to worry about, I jumped down from the bus and took off running in the direction the man had pointed.*
Narration: *This was true in Oslo's school as well, but in the military, the fundamental rule is "run whenever you're taking more than three steps."*
Narration: *After running about 200 meters in the direction of the white building, a semicylindrical structure came into view at the other end of a massive athletic field. Predictably, it was also painted white.*
Narration: *Normally, they might've held an impressive enlistment ceremony in there, but low-quality "recruits" like us apparently didn't warrant anything so fancy.*
Narration: *Once we got to the gym, they immediately split us up by gender, then confiscated every last one of our "personal belongings." That included our wallets, our cell phones, and the clothes on our backs.*
Narration: *In other words, they had us standing there completely naked. Something of a rude welcome, but it was too late for regrets now.*
Narration: *After lining us up in rows, the instructors handed out a "Medical Examination" form and had us write our names on the top.*
Narration: *Of course, our names were already printed on the top of the form, so I suppose they were trying to identify anyone who was completely illiterate.*
Narration: *Carrying only that flimsy piece of paper, we filed into stations where nurses in white clothing were waiting, answered questions about our medical history, and then shuffled over to whatever line they told us to wait in next.*
Narration: *They tested our eyesight, gave us all sorts of vaccinations, and pushed their stamps down on our forms over and over again. At the end, they even checked us for venereal disease.*
Narration: *This involved an old man grabbing my dick, poking around in my pubic hair, yanking on my balls, and taking a careful look at my asshole. By the end, it was starting to get seriously humiliating...*
Narration: *But then they abruptly announced I was done and pointed me to a machine nearby. I lined up the arrows and slipped my form into the slot; a moment later, it popped back out with a barcode printed on top.*
Narration: *After following a series of duct-tape arrows across the floor, I finally exchanged my form for a single pair of underwear.*
Narration: *That was a significant improvement over being naked, so I found myself breathing a sigh of relief. But then they sat me down, threw a white sheet around my neck, and shaved off my hair with like a farmer shearing sheep.*
Narration: *As angry complaints echoed across the gym, I walked across the floor rubbing my newly cropped head...*
Narration: *...and accepted my next "present," a top-loading duffle bag made from white canvas.*
Narration: *The board at the bottom was about 40 centimeters per side; the length of the bag was maybe 140. It looked a bit like something Santa Claus might carry. But rather than toys, we'd fill it with government-issued goods.*
Narration: *We all lined up, waiting our turn to receive our clothing. Apart from the fact that we were half-naked, it resembled lunchtime at a busy cafeteria. The black man who'd spoken to me on the bus happened to be right in front of me.*
Narration: *I wasn't sure who the people behind the long desks at the head of the line were. Maybe older students or recent graduates. Whatever the case, they treated the "rookies" in front of them with fairly obvious contempt.*
Older Student: ...What's your shoe size?
Black Man: 28 centimeters.
Older Student: Good for you. Now try that in feet.
Black Man: 10 inches.
Older Student: Fine, you get an 8.5 inch pair. Here.
Black Man: ...Hey!
Older Student: Don't complain until you've tried them on. Next! What's your shoe size!?
Yuuji: 10 inches.
Older Student: Whaaat? You've got some real big feet, short fry.
Yuuji: I'm counting my socks and lining. Just hand them over, will you?
Older Student: Hmph... This your second go-round or something? Fine, whatever. You can have an 8-inch pair.
Older Student: Listen up! If your clothes or shoes don't fit, trade with someone else! If they still don't fit, then make your body fit the clothes! Got it!?
Black Man: That's just crazy...
Yuuji: That's the military for you, right? Just buy new ones if those really don't fit.
Narration: *I glanced down at the goods I'd just been handed. Most of them were clearly used, rather than new. Just like in Oslo's school, they were probably reissuing us clothing and shoes returned by recent graduates.*
Narration: *In that case, they'd presumably allow us to buy our own gear as well.*
Yuuji: ...If you don't want to get athlete's foot or jock itch, I'd recommend picking up some new shoes and underwear.
Black Man: How am I supposed to do that? They took our damn wallets.
Yuuji: Good question. Far as I know, they usually pay trainees with "tickets" instead of a salary... We'll probably be able to exchange those for clothes or snacks.
Black Man: Why do you know all this crap? You have military experience or something?
Yuuji: No. I was taken in by a soldier as a kid, that's all.
Black Man: That another joke?
Yuuji: Yeah. You catch on quick.
Black Man: You're a weird one...
Narration: *First, they issued us boots and a pair of indoor leather shoes. After that came two sets of Type I and Type II working uniforms, two sets of work clothes, one jumpsuit, three long-sleeved shirts, three short-sleeved shirts...*
Narration: *Eight pairs of socks, two "BDU" Battle Dress Uniforms, two caps in round cans, one running suit, and two pairs of sweatshirts and sweatpants for use as sleepwear.*
Narration: *By the time we finished cramming all that in, there wasn't room for anything else. They had us smack the bottom of our bags against the floor to forcibly compress it all.*
Narration: *They packed a few bathroom goods like towels and toothbrushes into the space that created, capped everything off with a helmet, and then finally tied the bag's drawstrings tight.*
Narration: *By this point, the thing must've weighed a good 20-30 kilos. Almost felt like we were carrying a body bag.*
Instructor: All right, everyone line up! I'll be distributing your ID tags and personal rubber stamp! Come to the front as your name's called!
Instructor: Listen carefully, maggots! The dog tags are there to make sure you don't get misplaced! One goes around your neck, just in case you get yourselves lost!
Instructor: The other one goes on your ankle! Tie it to the laces of your boots or something! If you lose your legs on the battlefield, we'll have 'em shipped back to you!
Instructor: Finally, we've got the stamp! Features your pathetic names and a Marine Corps registration number you haven't begun to deserve!
Instructor: This way, you mongoloids don't need to worry if you can't write your own name! You'll need this if you want to get fed at mealtimes, among other things. I suggest you try not to lose it!
Narration: *―Drill instructors are more or less the same anywhere you go.*
Narration: *The general message is "you're trash." They verbally abuse you and call everything you do a "fuck-up." Helps keep the recruits humble, and discourages them from trying anything stupid.*
Narration: *The instructor glared fiercely at us as he called out our names and handed out our tags, zeroing in on the problem kids who'd need a little help breaking free from their "worldly desires."*
Narration: *Once we'd lined up in the order our names were called, he divided us into 12 groups of 14 people each, then explained that this made a single company. The smaller groups were squads; I ended up in the seventh.*
Instructor: Squad Seven, these will be your living quarters as of today! Clean it regularly and keep it in good order! Routine inspections will be carried out. You'll all be held responsible for any negligence!
Narration: *Our "living quarters" were a single room, large but bleak. It contained nothing except seven bunkbeds and a locker for each of us.*
Narration: *Inside the lockers were blankets and a pillow, tied up in a tight roll.*
Narration: *Normally, we'd be storing our canvas bags in the bottom half of the locker to keep our belongings secure.*
Narration: *There was also a shelf for the storage of rifles, but it was empty for the moment.*
Black Man: ...Goddamn, this is one hell of a place I've ended up in...
Yuuji: ...What, you again...?
Black Man: Hey, that's my line. Guess we're bedding with the guys we sat with on the bus, huh? I'm taking the bottom, Chinese, so you get the top.
Yuuji: ...I'm Japanese, actually.
Black Man: Same difference. What's your name, anyway?
Yuuji: ...Yuuji... Kazami Yuuji.
Black Man: Eugenie? Sounds like a woman's name.
Yuuji: I said "Yuuji," okay? Did you go deaf listening to too much loud music?
Black Man: Hah, you've got a mouth on you... not that you're wrong. I'm Daniel, by the way. Daniel Bone. Friends all call me Danny.
Yuuji: ...Good to meet you, Bone.
Danny: Fuhahaha! Nice! Woulda slugged ya if you tried acting like my buddy right off the bat! All right, Shorty, you can call me Danny.
Yuuji: ..."Shorty"...?
Danny: Japanese names are a pain in the ass to pronounce, and you're the little man of the squad. Shorty works, right?
Yuuji: ...Fine, whatever.
Narration: *Asako had taught me a few "tricks" for getting along in the military.*
Narration: *"Don't talk about your past until someone asks you."*
Narration: *"As a general rule, try not to do anything that stands out."*
Narration: *"Don't make enemies if you can possibly help it."*
Narration: *"Don't disobey orders."*
Narration: *"Don't try anything stupid."*
Narration: *In other words, things should go smoothly as long as you keep quiet, keep your head down, and do what you're told. Show off or get greedy, and you'll land yourself in hot water.*
Narration: *I'd been trying to respect those rules so far, but for some reason, this guy took an interest in me anyway.*
Narration: *Daniel Bone. Born in Arizona. Nickname: Danny.*
Narration: *Guy was pretty much the personification of US-style juvenile crime. Stole a car at 13. Robbed a convenience store at 15, landing himself in prison. Got paroled at 17.*
Narration: *When he was nabbed for another car theft during his probation period, they gave him a choice between heading back to prison or joining the Navy. He went for the latter.*
Narration: *...That's what Danny said, at least. Later on, when his younger sister came to visit, she told me most of his stories were a load of bull.*
Narration: *Sounded like he was actually just a delinquent who hung around with a bunch of bikers. Not that it really matters, I guess.*
Narration: *We'd come here on the same bus, landed in the same squad, and even found ourselves sharing living quarters; so it wasn't exactly a surprise when they ended up pairing us off as "buddies."*
Narration: *The two of us were considered a single combat unit. In other words, if Danny screwed up, I'd get punished for it too.*
Narration: *Can't say I was particularly happy about getting teamed up with some bald punk from Arizona, but in the words of our squad leader:*
Narration: *"If your partner fucks up, that means you fucked up." If I didn't want to be punished, I'd just have to demonstrate some competent leadership.*
Narration: *Speaking of the squad leader...*
Narration: *Typically, that position was held by an NCO like a sergeant or corporal, but Squad Seven had an actual officer in charge.*
Narration: *This is something I only heard about later, but Squad #7 was also known as the "problem-child" squad, where the instructors dumped all the recruits whose files indicated they "warranted special attention."*
Narration: *The leader of our squad, accordingly, was a legendary monster of an instructor known as Captain Agnes Garrett - a living embodiment of our beloved America and its fearsome strength.*
Narration: *And on the very first day of training...*
Narration: *The lovely Captain Garrett addressed us thusly.*
Captain Garrett: Listen up, maggots! Morons who volunteer for the Marines are all basically the same!
Captain Garrett: Second or third son of a poor farming family! Strong body, empty head! Slow and incompetent at any task you give them! About as clever as a camel, or maybe a donkey!
Captain Garrett: Anyone think they're different? Show of hands! Hey there, shithead! You seem to disapprove of my opinion! Are you not an Idaho potato-fucker, then!?
Captain Garrett: All right then. Guess you're a worthless nerd who spent your whole life at home playing games on your TV, right up until Daddy caught you playing with Mama's makeup and kicked you outta the house!
Captain Garrett: You're all morons! Trash! Dimwits! You don't even deserve the food we give you! Not that it stops you from bitching about the taste! Who the hell do you think you are, you worthless little scumbuckets!?
Narration: *Having suddenly begun to bellow at us, she proceeded to slap the face of a man in the front row for no apparent reason.*
Captain Garrett: Your face pisses me off, punk! Is that smirk stuck on it permanently!? I'll wipe it off for you!!
Narration: *It was completely insane.*
Narration: *The knees of the man she'd slapped were visibly shaking.*
Narration: *I don't think he was scared or angry. His brain was probably just rattling around inside his skull.*
Narration: *You underestimated the power of Captain Garrett's slaps at your peril.*
Narration: *She had a way of loosely splaying her fingers so they'd whip around your face with incredible force; one good smack could knock a grown man to his knees. It was obvious she'd delivered a hell of a lot of punishment in her time.*
Captain Garrett: Registration number I-9029!
Yuuji: Yes, ma'am!
Narration: *Surprised to hear my own ID number called out, I reflexively straightened my posture as I responded.*
Captain Garrett: ...Mheh heh heh heh heh...
Narration: *Captain Garrett strode powerfully toward me, her boots slapping loudly against the pavement, with a grin on her face that said "There you are." Her cheerful laughter sounded more than a little sinister.*
Captain Garrett: Hehehe... I see. So you're 9029, huh... Asako Kusakabe's pupil?
Yuuji: Yes, ma'am!
Captain Garrett: ...Keheheh... I'm so happy. Your master and I were in the Corps together, you know? I owe that woman a hell of a lot... All right, I've got a special welcome for you! Grit those teeth!
Yuuji: Yes, ma'am!
Narration: *The instant I responded, her hand hit my left cheek.*
Narration: *The world went dark; stars burst violently against the blackness. There was a stabbing sense of pain in the back of my ears, and my knees nearly gave out under me.*
Narration: *I managed to brace my legs so I wouldn't fall, but I couldn't help trembling. As a high-pitched ringing echoed in my ears, I slowly became conscious of a burning sense of heat in my cheek. Only then did my vision finally return.*
Captain Garrett: All right... I'm going to take particularly good care of you, maggot. I expect your gratitude!
Yuuji: Yes, ma'am!
Narration: *Everyone else in the squad had standard five-digit ID numbers; only I had a special four-digit number, indicating I was "on loan" from overseas.*
Narration: *I'd figured that might make me stand out a little, and I was resigned to getting some unwanted attention from the other members of my group as a result.*
Narration: *That said, I hadn't exactly expected to be the target of a personal grudge. Much less one that had nothing to do with me.*
Narration: *After that first day, Captain Garrett took every possible chance to make my life miserable.*
Narration: *When I quietly ate the garbage they served us (bad enough to make Asako's cooking seem delicious), she told me "The way you eat pisses me off" and slapped me. When I'd taken "too long" in the bathroom or the shower, she slapped me.*
Narration: *When I didn't get angry, cry, or complain about the slapping, this apparently constituted "attitude." So she slapped me in the face again.*
Narration: *All that slapping might've started to hurt her hand a little; at one point, she actually smacked me in the face with the bottom of a leather shoe. I have to admit that one got to me a little, but...*
Narration: *Getting knocked around had been a pretty standard part of my life ever since I was a kid. I knew getting pissy about it was just going to wear me down.*
Narration: *As long as I thought of it as "par for the course," it never made me that angry. But the people around me seemed to think I was being punished for nothing.*
Narration: *And one night, a few hours after I'd received yet another of Captain Garrett's "messages" to my cheek... I was polishing my boots in our living quarters when things took a turn for the worse.*
Danny: ...Damn, Shorty. Your face is a mess... Did Annie smack you around again? What'd you do this time?
Yuuji: ...She didn't like the way I was mopping the barracks, I guess. Not like she really needs a reason, right?
Danny: Goddamn, that woman's the worst... Where does she get off callin' us "trash" all the time, anyway?
Danny: I mean, it ain't like she's anything special herself, right!? You know what? I hear she pretends to read a French newspaper every morning, even though she doesn't know the fuckin' language. Just to show off!
Yuuji: ...Well, people who brag about reading stuff usually don't tend to be that smart...
Danny: I know, right!? No way a crazy bitch like that ever gets herself a husband!
Yuuji: .........
Yuuji: ...U-Uh... I don't know, Danny...
Yuuji: I think Captain Garrett's, uh... p-pretty cute. You've got the wrong idea... Try not to be too hard on her, okay? Seriously...
Danny: Whaaaat!? She beats the shit out of you constantly, and you call that "cute"!? You a masochist or what!? Maybe she gave you one too many knocks upside the head!
Danny: In the first place, what in the hell is "cute" about that gorilla!? Get yourself to an eye doctor, man! Hahahaha!
Captain Garrett: Ha ha ha ha ha!
Danny: ...Hahaha... Oh god, you gotta be shittin' me.
Yuuji: Hello, Captain Garrett! Here to inspect our quarters!?
Captain Garrett: Indeed!
Narration: *With a forceful nod, Captain Garrett strode between the rows of bunkbeds which lined the walls of our room... and proceeded to inspect whether it was clean, and how neatly our belongings were put away.*
Narration: *Generally speaking, she didn't find much to complain about on these visits unless she was in a spectacularly foul mood.*
Narration: *...Unfortunately, her timing tonight was pretty much the worst.*
Captain Garrett: ...Daaaaniel... Oh, Daaaaniel...
Narration: *Breaking out her best soprano, Captain Garrett called my partner's name.*
Danny: Yes, MA'AM!!
Narration: *Danny waited at attention for her "instructions," cold sweat pouring down his body. His backbone trembled so badly as he replied that I was slightly concerned he might piss himself.*
Captain Garrett: C'mere, Danny. Let's have us a little heart-to-heart. Think it's time I taught you a thing or two, since you clearly don't know the first thing about women. Your bones are on the durable side, I hope?
Danny: Yes, ma'am!!
Captain Garrett: Excellent. I'm going to beat your ass until I can get a good look at 'em! Get over here!
Danny: This can't be happening! Wait, Captain! Hear me out!
Captain Garrett: Fine. What d'you have to say?
Danny: ...Err... it was only a joke...?
Captain Garrett: You trying to piss me off? Get the fuck over here, now!
Danny: Waaaaaah! Save me, Shorty! We're buddies, aren't we?
Narration: *"Forgive me, Danny..."*
Narration: *As I said a silent prayer for my unfortunate comrade, Captain Garrett glanced over at me and pulled her bright-red lips into a wicked smile.*
Captain Garrett: What are you talking about? Kazami's coming along too, of course. You're partners, right?
Yuuji: ...*Sigh*... Figured as much...
Captain Garrett: Where's your reply!?
Yuuji: Yes, ma'am!!
Captain Garrett: Hold your arms straight out in front of you! Open your legs to shoulder width! I'm going to smack some motivation into you!!
Narration: *―I think I'll omit describing exactly what the two of us subsequently went through, out of sensitivity to current internal military circumstances.*
Narration: *It's not like she visited any genuinely unspeakable violence on us.*
Narration: *If I had to provide a simple explanation, I guess I'd say that Danny and I ended up lying face-down in bed that particular night. Nothing that out of the ordinary.*
Narration: *When the instructors finished inspecting our rooms, there was a period before lights-out that was informally tolerated as "leisure time."*
Narration: *Some went to sleep right away; some patched up their clothing; some headed for the smoking areas with cigarettes in hand. Others sat around thumbing through car catalogs, talking about their simple dreams with their buddies.*
Narration: *Among all this, you'd often see one or two guys writing letters to their families.*
Narration: *We were technically permitted to make personal telephone calls, but the only phone available was conveniently located in the officers' room.*
Narration: *Of course, that meant the squad leaders would overhear every word of your conversation, and they tended to subject you to aggressive questioning afterwards.*
Narration: *Writing letters was the better alternative, comparatively speaking. The contents were inspected, of course, but for the most part they didn't bother censoring them.*
Narration: *Supposedly, a few people even got out messages to their girlfriends by pretending to write about their "pet dogs."*
Narration: *Lying in bed with my aching ass turned toward the ceiling, I watched a few guys scribbling away out of the corner of my eye and decided to follow their example.*
Narration: *The next day, after finishing the "rabbit food" lunch we were served on Tuesdays, I took advantage of the brief break to head over to the "Post Exchange" - our on-site retail store - with my rubber stamp in hand.*
Narration: *"Retail store" might sound impressive, but it was basically just a place where you could buy civilian goods supplied to the military for slightly lower than market prices. The selection was pretty random, and the staff didn't give a damn.*
Narration: *In fact, the "staff" was actually just older students who took shifts behind the counter. Naturally, they weren't the friendliest salesmen in the world.*
Narration: *From what I'd heard, a job in the Post Exchange did come with some "perks," but since I was only scheduled to be enrolled here for half a year, I probably wasn't going to have a chance to take advantage of that.*
Narration: *The store opened at 11 AM and closed at 7 PM, earning it the nickname "Seven-Eleven" from the students...*
Narration: *But it was really just a warehouse with a counter in the front, right behind a metal shutter. Barely even worthy of being called a "shop."*
Yuuji: I need a postal envelope...
Older Student: How many? Just one?
Yuuji: ...Two, actually. And writing paper as well.
Older Student: Why didn't you say that from the start!? When someone asks you for wire, you bring the damn wirecutter too. You'll never get far in the military if you don't. You need stamps, too? How many? 
Narration: *It was pretty much always like this.*
Narration: *In the military, the most important thing is learning the ropes. First and foremost: as long as you do what you're told, no one's going to get too mad at you. *
Narration: *The tricky part is figuring out how well you can manage for yourself within that restriction.*
Narration: *Expanding on that "bring some wire" example...*
Narration: *Guys who bring a wirecutter along too get a reputation as "competent," but guys who carry the whole toolbox over are "stupid jackasses." The exact balance there is surprisingly hard to get down.*
Narration: *It's the job of those with more experience to provide "lessons" about this sort of thing. After enough browbeating, you eventually learn a degree of "common sense" that will serve you well anywhere you're deployed.*
Narration: *In any case... after accepting my stationery, I took the notebook the clerk handed me, jotted down my name on the first empty line, then pressed my rubber stamp down next to it.*
Narration: *As privates, we didn't receive paychecks. Our wages were temporarily deposited into Uncle Sam's wallet. It's pretty similar to the way an elementary schooler's New Year's money ends up going into the "Mommy Bank".*
Narration: *When we needed to buy something from the Post Exchange, we could use our rubber stamp to access some of that money Uncle Sam was holding onto for us.*
Narration: *It was different from the system used in Oslo's school, where students were issued "tickets" that could be used as currency. But in the sense that it restricted what recruits were able to buy, it was pretty much the same thing.*
Narration: *A "cashless" system might sound kind of futuristic, but in practice, it just meant that trade between the students tended to take the form of bartering.*
Narration: *For that purpose, cigarettes happened to be particularly useful.*
Narration: *There was a set limit on the number of smokes provisioned to new recruits in this school.*
Narration: *Everyone got two small packages containing two cigarettes each at breakfast, and then another two at lunchtime. In other words, eight a day. No more, no less.*
Narration: *The world was getting more health-conscious and all, so a decent number of people were trying to quit; but the guys who just couldn't kick the habit desperately wanted to get their hands on the non-smokers' supply.*
Narration: *As a result, they were constantly being bartered for socks, underwear, toothbrushes, towels, and other daily necessities.*
Narration: *I didn't smoke myself, so I took full advantage of the situation, using my stock of cigarettes to obtain lots of minor conveniences.*
Narration: *If you ask someone what a soldier's job consists of, and they start off with "fighting for their country," it's best to stop listening. They're just repeating what the people upstairs pay them to say.*
Narration: *When you want a truthful answer, you've got to start off by asking the people in mud-covered work clothes.*
Narration: *People who know the job well tend to respond in similar ways...*
Narration: *A soldier's job consists of digging holes, filling them back up again, rowing boats in circles, and getting smacked around. Followed by shitting and sleeping.*
Narration: *But among all the many wonderful aspects of the military experience, the one almost everyone's going to mention is "running."*
Narration: *When you're a soldier, sometimes it feels like you never stop running.*
Narration: *They kick you out of bed at the crack of dawn and make you run.*
Narration: *They strap a gas mask on your face and make you run.*
Narration: *They put a 40 kilo sandbag on your back and make you run.*
Narration: *They tell you it's time for a fun boat class, then make you run to the water while carrying the boats in question.*
Narration: *I'd been running just to kill time ever since I was a kid. In itself, it was something I kind of enjoyed.*
Narration: *In particular, it really helped that it didn't require having any friends or money.*
Narration: *That said, I didn't particularly enjoy running because someone ordered me to. If anything, I was starting to hate it.*
Narration: *I was beginning to realize that "going" for a run was very different from being "sent" on one.*
Narration: *On top of that, running doesn't have much novelty value when you're basically never permitted to walk.*
Narration: *My mother wasn't around to say "You really are a fast runner, Yuuji." And Asako wasn't here to say "Damn, kid, you're pretty quick on your feet."*
Narration: *When I thought about it from that angle, it occurred to me that my motivation for running had a lot to do with earning compliments from women. Couldn't help smiling at my own simplicity.*
Danny: ...Heeey... wait up, Shorty... haa... haa... Wait for me, dammit... We're buddies, remember? Haa... haa...
Narration: *Danny sure looked like an athlete at a glance, but running was a major weak point for him.*
Narration: *Those stupidly swollen muscles looked impressive, but they increased his overall body weight, intensified the strain on his joints, and consumed way too much oxygen.*
Narration: *Useful as they might be for quick bursts of power, they weren't much help when it came to stamina-based aerobic exercise.*
Narration: *And just as importantly...*
Yuuji: ...Seriously, Danny, quit smoking. It's the reason you get tired so easily. Don't you want to be the Navy's number one iron man?
Danny: ...Haa... haa... I know... I know, but... haa... haa... Ever tried sucking on one of those stupid nicotine candies next to someone having a smoke...? Haa... haa... Makes you feel like a total moron...
Narration: *Asako had given me a nice lecture on how crucial cigarettes and coffee were to the soldier's lifestyle...*
Narration: *But the way I saw it, smoking came with a hundred drawbacks and no advantages, and my personal list of military essentials was topped instead by "socks."*
Narration: *In fact, a pair I'd obtained through bartering away my cigarettes were paying huge dividends at this very moment.*
Narration: *When soldiers run in uniform, they're always wearing combat boots on their feet - and those things absolutely aren't designed for the job.*
Narration: *The "jungle boots" we were issued here hadn't changed much since the Vietnam era. They zipped up from the side now, but that was about it in terms of improvements.*
Narration: *I'd spent a lot of time running around the mountain where I lived with Asako in jungle boots just like these ones.*
Narration: *It's not too bad when there's earth beneath your feet, but running on asphalt in these things was pure torture.*
Narration: *The soles don't absorb any shock whatsoever, so every stride makes your joints scream. By the time you've run 3 km, your toes are blistered. Friction peels the skin off the area above your ankle and below your achilles tendon.*
Narration: *Accordingly, the very first things I bought at the Post Exchange after arriving here were gel insoles designed for athletes... and thick socks made for mountain climbers.*
Narration: *This was the reason I'd deliberately requested boots larger than my actual foot size on the first day.*
Narration: *Apart from slipping in the insoles for cushioning, I wore two layers of socks, with a standard-issue pair underneath the thick civilian ones. The trick was to completely cover my feet in baby powder before putting the socks on.*
Narration: *Then I just made sure to tie my boots tightly, practically gluing them to my legs. The difference between people who can run and people who just can't has nothing to do with "determination" or "guts." It's all about their feet.*
Narration: *If you hurt your feet so badly that you can't walk, you're as good as dead. When running's part of your job description, you better have the tools you need to do it properly. Even if it means trading in your cigarettes.*
Narration: *Once again, Asako's advice about relying on good equipment had paid off for me.*
Narration: *One way or the other, I'd managed to get about halfway through my period of "instruction." At this point, our school began to pit its lowlife punks and worthless nerds against each other in a series of "sports day" style events.*
Narration: *The term might make you imagine something leisurely and recreational, but naturally, that wasn't the case here.*
Narration: *It was basically a competitive tournament where all the squads were expected to demonstrate the results of their training so far.*
Narration: *As for the events, they started off with the fundamentals: running, followed by swimming. Later on there'd be rowing and marksmanship as well.*
Narration: *I did have some confidence in my running, but our results were determined by the average time of the squad as a whole. Even if I'd taken first place, we'd still have been near the bottom of the rankings.*
Narration: *Back when the squad assignments were being made, the instructors had apparently struggled bitterly to get their hands on the more physically fit students with an eye toward succeeding in these contests.*
Narration: *Squad leaders who produced good results could apparently earn a reputation for "leadership qualities," improving the amount of attention they received from the people upstairs.*
Narration: *But of course, Squad Seven was pretty much a dumping ground for the worst of the worst. It would've been stupid to expect anything from us in the first place.*
Narration: *Unsurprisingly, we took home the honor of "overall last place" in the first event.*
Narration: *That said, running wasn't even our worst event. We had some faster people and some slower ones, but at least there wasn't anyone who couldn't run at all.*
Narration: *Swimming was a different story. Our group of delinquents came from all across the USA. Some were the sons of fishermen raised on the coast, but others hadn't even seen the ocean before coming here.*
Narration: *And sadly enough, my trusted partner Daniel Bone, the self-proclaimed "Mr. Marine Corps"...*
Narration: *...was so laden down by his own muscular body that even floating proved something of a challenge for him. It was genuinely painful to behold.*
Narration: *In terms of sheer absurdity, "a Marine who can't swim" has to be up there with "a teetotaler running a liquor store."*
Narration: *Accordingly, everyone who couldn't swim was worked brutally until they could. Those who just weren't learning landed both themselves and their "buddy" in special remedial training.*
Narration: *And so, I found myself spending a rare off day at the base's 25-meter indoor pool, trying to help Danny master the doggy paddle.*
Yuuji: Danny! Daaaanny! Can you hear me, Daniel Bone!? Get it together! You call yourself a marine!? Don't sink, SWIM, damn it!
Danny: ...Shaddup... asshole! Gefuh! Oeeh!! I'm a... gblh... iron man, so... gfuh... I don't float in water!! Fblah!
Yuuji: Idiot!! What if a big-breasted girl starts drowning in the sea!? You planning to say "Sorry, I can't swim" and let her die!?
Yuuji: How dare you let the USA's precious pussy assets go to waste! Are you trying to disgrace the entire Marine Corps!?
Danny: ...Gwooooh! Puuuuusssssssy!!!
Yuuji: That's the way, Danny! Keep it up! The pussy is just a little further ahead! You can do it! Go shove American power into it!!
Danny: Puuuuuusssssyyyyy!! Ughooooh! Geblagablahogbhoh!!!
Yuuji: ...Hmmm... I guess willpower alone won't get you anywhere, huh...
Narration: *Just as the sun sunk into the sea at twilight, Danny slid slowly down into the pool.*
Narration: *The bubbles that rose to the pool's surface in his wake produced a gentle burbling. Struck by a vaguely nostalgic sense of melancholy, I gently lowered my megaphone to the tiled floor.*
Captain Garrett: You idiots were dead last again!? Get it together, for fuck's sake! How many times are you planning to humiliate me!?
Captain Garrett: Squad Seven's full of trash every year, believe me! But you dipshits have to be the single worst team I've ever had!
Narration: *As a follow-up to our running performance, we managed to capture last place overall in swimming as well. Captain Agnes Garrett was less than pleased by this state of affairs.*
Narration: *In her hand, she carried an object of unclear origin which "closely resembled" an iron pipe. The words "Punishment Bar" were written across its length.*
Narration: *She emphasized her points by periodically slamming this against the walls and floor. It was legitimately terrifying.*
Narration: *Were this gorilla-woman to take a good swing at our rear ends with that thing, I was fairly sure our asscheeks would've landed right in the middle of the fairway.*
Narration: *That night, as it happens, everyone in Squad Seven was obliged to sleep face-down with a bag of ice on their ass. This proved to be something of a turning point.*
Narration: *When we began our training for the cutter boat competition the next day, everyone was noticeably more motivated than before.*
Captain Garrett: Ready the boat!! Begin!!
Narration: *Rowing a single "cutter boat" involved 14 people: six rowers each on the left and the right, a coxswain controlling the rudder, and a fife-player to set the tempo.*
Narration: *Captain Garrett perched ebulliently at the rear of our boat, blowing fiercely at her fife...*
Narration: *And we pushed our 3-meter oars into the water with all our might, repeating the process of "catch" and "row."*
Narration: *In this exercise, your abdominal strength and lung capacity were crucial. Pushing your oar into the water required real power, and bending backward to stroke made your abs scream.*
Narration: *Of course, our butts were still sore from Miss Annie's loving "pep talk." When they scraped against the wooden seats, it was so painful that beads of cold sweat formed on our faces.*
Narration: *Every stroke of the oar felt like dragging ourselves over a bed of nails. I could actually feel the skin just under my tailbone scraping itself raw.*
Narration: *When we got in the bath after this, we'd all be peeling a layer of chafed black skin off our behinds.*
Narration: *They say you're not a real Marine until the skin on your ass gets tough, but at this rate, our bones were going to poke their way out first.*
Narration: *Some of the older students had suggested a somewhat extreme method of "training" that involved smacking our bottoms with beer bottles wrapped up in vinyl tape...*
Narration: *But I think they were basically saying that there wasn't that much you could do except tough it out.*
Narration: *―Before long, the day of the rowing competition arrived.*
Narration: *At the sound of the supervising instructor's whistle, all the squads took off running toward the davits where their cutter boats waited. After untying the mooring rope, we lowered our boat to the water's surface and jumped in...*
Narration: *Then made for the buoy floating two kilometers off the coast, "catching" and "rowing" in perfect unison as if our lives depended on it.*
Narration: *Once we looped around the buoy, we needed to speed back to the davit and hoist our boat back up, at which point our final time would be recorded. A contest of pure physical strength, from start to finish.*
Narration: *Squad Seven was a little short on intellectuals, but we had more than enough raw power to go around. In combination with our newfound motivation, it managed to earn us a very respectable third place.*
Captain Garrett: All right! You did good today, shitheads! Drink up, my treat!
Narration: *Even as runners-up, we'd managed to bring back a small trophy. For once, our monster of a squad leader was actually in a good mood.*
Narration: *When she stormed loudly into our quarters that evening, Captain Garrett was carrying cardboard boxes full of canned beer on her shoulders.*
Narration: *When she criticized us, she was insanely harsh. But when we did well, she didn't hesitate to acknowledge our success. That's the Navy for you, I guess.*
Narration: *Probably the way it should be.*
Narration: *That night, our group of delinquents enjoyed the intoxicating taste of "victory" for the first time; and driven by the memory of that beer, my easily-bribed squadmates suddenly began to make remarkable progress in training.*
Narration: *The fourth and final part of the inter-squad competition was a marksmanship contest.*
Narration: *Being a Marine means being a rifleman. And as if to reinforce that message, your skill with a gun was given almost disproportionate weight in evaluations.*
Narration: *During normal training I'd been using a .22 caliber bolt action rifle, but for the tournament, we were handed a M40A2 that fired 7.62mm rounds.*
Narration: *The contest was held at a range of 300 meters. Everyone fired five shots prone, five more crouching on one knee, and another five standing. After every round, an instructor downrange would inform you of your results by radio.*
Narration: *Of course, people who don't have much experience with rifles aren't going to be particularly accurate. Landing two shots out of five was considered excellent, and three out of five superlative.*
Narration: *Since everyone around me was struggling to even land their shots on the target paper, my familiarity with 7.62mm rifles left me at a pretty large advantage.*
Narration: *When I put the rifle I'd been given to my shoulder, it felt as if it had slipped perfectly into place.*
Narration: *I knew this feeling. I was holding a "partner" who'd never betray me; an ally I could always rely on. The comforting familiarity of it nearly brought a tear to my eye.*
Narration: *There was no reason to get tense about being tested. I just had to treat this rifle with my usual respect and care, and I knew it would repay me in kind.*
Narration: *Out of 15 total shots in three different positions, I landed all 15 "on target," earning myself sole possession of top place for that day.*
Narration: *Once the contest concluded, I walked over to the observation bunker, provided my name and rank to the instructor, and stated my results.*
Yuuji: Private Kazami Yuuji! 15 shots on target, sir!
Instructor: ...What!? You want to say that again!?
Yuuji: Private Kazami Yuuji! 15 shots on target, sir!
Instructor: You're going to be very sorry if you're trying to sneak a lie past me! Hey, go bring me his target! I'm checking this one personally!!
Narration: *I guess it wasn't surprising that he'd doubt me. Asians do tend to "look young" in general, and at the time I was puny enough that you might reasonably wonder if I'd even grown all my "hair" yet.*
Narration: *Deciding there was no point in talking back, I decided to wait patiently for the arrival of my target paper... but just then, Captain Agnes Garrett appeared at my side, languidly leaning down with one elbow against the bunker.*
Captain Garrett: ...Ah, don't bother. He's a special case.
Instructor: ...Special, ma'am?
Captain Garrett: Take a look at the registration number on his papers. 4 digits, right...?
Instructor: ...Registration number I-9029... Ichigaya special-duty agent nine zero two nine. So he's the one Akasaka sent us...?
Captain Garrett: You familiar with Kusakabe Asako?
Instructor: Uh, yes... Only through documents, but... I understand she was considered the greatest sniper in the Corps.
Captain Garrett: This kid's her disciple. He's the spitting image of Asako, from his skill with the rifle to his half-assed attitude. Seriously gets on my nerves... What a fuckin' drag.
Narration: *Uhm, I am technically a member of your squad, you know...*
Narration: *Shouldn't you be saying "good job out there" and giving me a blowjob or something...?*
Narration: *Well, not that I really want you to, if we're being perfectly honest here...*
Narration: *In any case, having earned the overall top ranking in marksmanship, I was able to take the biggest trophy back to my squad.*
Narration: *And surprisingly enough, it turned out that the second place runner-up also belonged to Squad Seven.*
Narration: *On the strength of that one-two finish, our team ended up as the overall winner for the day, giving us an even sweeter taste of the liquor known as victory.*
Narration: *But as it turned out, all this had some unexpected repercussions.*
Narration: *In recognition of my individual victory in the marksmanship competition, I was awarded with a small badge that signified my achievement.*
Narration: *It was something like a simple medal, pinned to my otherwise empty lapel by the base commander himself.*
Narration: *Of course, it would've been annoying to take the thing off every time I needed to do laundry, so I didn't usually wear it.*
Narration: *In fact, I pretty much just tossed it in my locker and forgot about it. This disrepectful treatment of my "medal of honor" apparently didn't go over so well with some people.*
Narration: *One day, as I was reading a book in our living quarters, one of my "classmates" called out to me.*
???: ...Hey, Jeanie. You got a minute? We need to talk.
Yuuji: .........
???: Hey, don't ignore me! I'm talking to you, Jeanie! You deaf or something!?
Yuuji: ...Hey, Jeanie! Not sure who you are, but someone's here for you!
???: I'm talking to you, idiot! You!
Yuuji: ...What, me?
???: You're KZ, aren't you? The Asian guy who got first place in the shooting competition?
Yuuji: ...KZ...? Oh, I guess that's coming from "Kazami" somehow...
???: You're KZ Eugenie, so "Jeanie" works, right?
Yuuji: It really doesn't... Your thought process makes no sense whatsoever...
???: Look, I don't give a damn about your name. I got a bone to pick with you, all right? Looks like you've got time on your hands, so let's have us a little chat.
Yuuji: ...Sorry, who are you again?
???: Haaah... You seriously don't know? Figures. I'm Millie, Millie Stan. We're in the same damn squad, so try to at least remember my name.
Yuuji: ...I really don't want to hear that from you, of all people...
Millie: Stop yapping and get a move on already!
Yuuji: ...Why are the women in my life always so pushy...?
Narration: *The male and female recruits had separate living quarters, so it wasn't surprising that her face wasn't that familiar... but now that I thought about it, I did have a vague memory of someone like this being in our squad.*
Narration: *Glancing at the cleaning-duty schedule posted in the hallway, I found that her actual name was apparently "Milliela Stanfield."*
Millie: I'm kind of a moron, so I can't write my own name. And "Milliela Stanfield" is too damn long, anyway. I just go by Millie Stan. You can call me Millie.
Yuuji: ...Good to know...
Narration: *That actually explained a lot. She'd probably taken the last syllable of "Yuuji" and turned it into "Jeanie" because my actual name was too hard for her to remember.*
Yuuji: So anyway, what do you want with me?
Millie: Guess you really forgot? Well, I sure as hell didn't. I mean, this is exactly what pisses me off about you. The way you act like I don't even fuckin' exist...
Yuuji: Look, I seriously have no idea what you're talking about.
Millie: Remember that shooting competition you won? I was second place.
Yuuji: Oh, okay... Congrats?
Millie: What the hell? Are you tryin' to start a fight? Fine! I'll kick your ass!
Yuuji: ...Hey, watch it. You almost hit me...
Millie: ...Tch! You're pretty slippery for such a dopey-faced little punk... Okay, let go of my damn arm already! That seriously hurts!
Yuuji: I'll let you go if you promise not to throw another punch...
Millie: Shut up! That's for me to decide! Don't go givin' me orders!
Yuuji: This isn't an order, it's a request. Don't try to hit me again, please...
Millie: Oww, ow, oww! What th... Seriously!? You're gonna break my arm!!
Yuuji: Don't try to hit me again, please.
Millie: Dammit... All right! I won't, so let go already!
Yuuji: ...What's the magic word?
Millie: Ah, fine, fine! Let go of my arm, please!
Yuuji: Well, since you asked so nicely...
Millie: Gahhh! Damn it! What the hell are you, anyway!?
Yuuji: Kazami Yuuji. Soldier by profession.
Millie: I know that, moron!!
Yuuji: Then don't ask, stupid.
Millie: Oh my GOD, you piss me off! Can you tell!? Right now, I'm about as pissed off as I've been in my entire life! I'm so pissed I could murder you here and now, then kill myself for good measure!
Yuuji: ...This is completely insane... Look, what exactly did you want with me again? I'm halfway through a book I was reading. If you're going to kill me, then wait till I'm finished, all right?
Millie: Aaah! Graaaah! Godaaaaammit!! I'm so piiiissed! Aaaaaaaaaah!
Yuuji: God, you're noisy... If all that's all you wanted to say, I'm going back to my room now.
Millie: Hey! Hold it right there, Jeanie! I'm challenging you to a duel!!
Yuuji: Here goes...
Millie: Gahyowwwwww!!
Millie: What th... Why'd you hit me!? That was a real punch!!
Yuuji: You're the one who asked for a duel...
Millie: Not what I meant! I wasn't talking about a friggin' fistfight... buh. Dammit, my nose's bleedin'... *Sniffle*... I mean, seriously!? Did you really just punch a girl in the face as hard as you could!?
Yuuji: Sorry. You were being incredibly annoying, so... my hand sort of moved on its own...
Millie: Aaah, goddamit... You have a tissue on you or something?
Yuuji: Yeah, I do... Here, tilt your head up. My bad...
Millie: Bwaaah... Dambit... This sucks. The bleebin' won't stop...
Yuuji: Could always try pressing down on the artery on the side of your neck. That should do the trick.
Millie: How stupid are you? The blood wouldn't get to my brain, either! You tryin' to kill me!?
Yuuji: Anyway, what's this "duel" about? What do you want me to do?
Millie: Oh, I get it. You just got annoyed enough with this conversation that you decided to end it ASAP, didn't you?
Yuuji: Glad you figured it out. Makes things simpler. Can you get to the point already?
Millie: ...Like I said, I want a duel. Have another shooting match with me, all right? Just one, and I'll be satisfied... C'mon, please...?
Yuuji: You do realize I have no reason to agree, right? 
Millie: I know, but... sharpshooting's the one thing I had confidence in, okay? I'm not that smart and I'm not that strong, but I didn't think anyone was better than me with a rifle...
Millie: I landed 13 shots out of 15... Top of the heap, until you showed up... then you pop up out of nowhere and get a perfect damn score! Can you blame a girl for getting a little pissed!?
Millie: Of course, then they give you the badge for winning the competition. Woulda been one thing if you wore it with pride, but you go and treat it like it's completely worthless...
Millie: Were you actually trying to insult me, or what!?
Yuuji: It's not like they gave me a raise for earning that thing. I think "worthless" is a pretty appropriate word, actually.
Millie: Well, it meant a hell of a lot to me! It was the whole reason I enlisted! You're calling that worthless!?
Yuuji: ...If you want the thing, I'll give it you. Couldn't care less...
Millie: And that's exactly what pisses me off! I demand a rematch!!
Yuuji: ...This sounds like a massive pain in the ass... I mean, there's no upside for me, right?
Millie: Okay! Fine, I get it... If you win, you can do whatever you want to me!
Yuuji: ...I'll pass...
Millie: Excuse me, asshole!? Did you just think "I wouldn't want a woman like this if she fell in my lap"!? It's written all over your face!
Narration: *Damn. At this point, refusing entirely would probably make me an enemy for life.*
Narration: *"Milliela Stanfield"... What a remarkably annoying woman.*
Narration: *As these thoughts were running through my mind, I happened to glance over at the wall where the schedule for rotating chores was posted.*
Narration: *My name was written under "laundry duty" for the upcoming week.*
Yuuji: Hey, Milliela...
Millie: What? I already said to call me Millie, by the way...
Yuuji: If I win, will you take over my laundry shift next week?
Millie: Huh? That seriously good enough for you? Fine, sure. I'm up for that.
Yuuji: Appreciate it.
Millie: Don't say that until you've actually beaten me! Just to be clear, I'm not planning to lose!!
Narration: *―A long time ago, there was apparently a saying in the military that "dopes make the best snipers."*
Narration: *For some reason, soldiers who were generally sluggish, absentminded, or otherwise "dopey" supposedly made for reliably superior marksmen.*
Narration: *Although I'm not conscious of it myself, people have been criticizing me for "looking sleepy" or "zoning out" ever since I was a kid.*
Narration: *Couldn't say why, but... maybe there really is some kind of connection there.*
Millie: ...The rules of the match are simple. You see the can of tomatoes 200 yards away, right? If you land a direct hit on that, you win. I'll take over your cleaning shift. 
Yuuji: Not cleaning. Laundry.
Millie: Basically the same thing, right? Not like you're going to pull this off, anyway.
Yuuji: Well... probably not in one shot, at least...
Narration: *I was holding a small bore rifle that we'd taken from the rack in our quarters without permission. My ammunition was a handful of .22 LR rounds we'd "forgotten" to count during normal daily training.*
Narration: *Normally speaking, you want to be firing a small bore rifle at 25-50 meters...*
Narration: *And while the bullets themselves can travel a good 1600 meters, their effective range normally maxes out at less than 100.*
Narration: *She was telling me to use this for a field shot at a range of 200 yards... a good 182 meters.*
Narration: *On top of which, we'd snuck out here after lessons finished, so the current time was 6 PM. Twilight's terrible for your long-range vision; all in all, this felt like a pretty disadvantageous wager.*
Yuuji: ...Not sure if anyone could land this shot under these conditions...
Millie: My old man says he did, back when he was in the military.
Yuuji: ...Hmm... that's impressive. Was your dad in the Marines too?
Millie: You think it's a load of crap, don't you?
Yuuji: No, I'm sure it's possible under the right conditions... but this is definitely going to be hard. Did you actually manage this, Milliela?
Millie: ...Tried, but I couldn't do it. That's why you win if you land a shot...
Yuuji: I see...
Millie: To be honest, I don't really believe what my old man said in the first place. When he had a drink or two, he'd always start staring at his old medals and telling tall tales. There probably isn't any truth to it...
Millie: I mean, everyone I knew always told me he was a total liar... Nobody really believed a word he said... but even so...
Yuuji: You still want to believe it, huh...?
Millie: I dunno about that... but I heard the old drunkard tell the story so many damn times, a part of me started wondering "what if"...
Millie: I don't want to let down the stupid kid who almost believed him... That's all it is, really...
Yuuji: ...Hmm...
Millie: Look, just get started already. It's only going to get tougher the darker it gets.
Yuuji: How many tries do I get?
Millie: ...Well, we've only got six bullets.
Yuuji: Give me three chances, then. We'll call it my loss if I can't hit it by the third shot.
Millie: Oh... come to think of it, I didn't think up a penalty for when you lose...
Yuuji: All right. If I lose, how about I let you give me a blowjob?
Millie: ...Are you on drugs? How the hell did you come up with that?
Yuuji: Well, you started things off by offering me your body, didn't you? I was just returning the favor.
Millie: Look... putting your body on the line is completely different when you're a woman, okay?
Yuuji: What, I'm not good enough for you? No problem. I'm sure my buddy Danny would...
Millie: Oh my god! Is there some reason your mind's permanently stuck in the fuckin' gutter!?!
Yuuji: Comes with being in the Marines, I guess...
Millie: Gah! Hey, don't just take a shot all of a sudden!
Yuuji: I've been in firing position for a good while now, you know.
Millie: Uh, yeah, but you were babbling away the entire time! I didn't expect you to fire one off mid-sentence!
Yuuji: ...Missed, huh...
Millie: Of course you did! If you could hit a target like that with a shot that half-assed, anyone could be a sniper!
Yuuji: I think I've got a feel for it now, though. Should be able to land the next one... Watch carefully, all right?
Millie: Come on, seriously...? You know it's not that easy... The wind's picking up, too. We can try this again some other day, if you want...
Yuuji: ...Milliela...
Millie: Yeah...?
Yuuji: Can you see what color the wind is today?
Millie: Huh? Color? I don't get it. What are you even talking about?
Yuuji: ...I'm firing...
Millie: Uh, okay...
Narration: *The light-weight bullet burst out of my rifle's barrel, following the exact trajectory I had mentally pictured a moment before...*
Narration: *...then rode the wind toward the empty can at the end of the range, curving into it as if drawn by a magnet.*
Millie: ...Wha...
Yuuji: Well, would you look at that... This gun's not so bad once you get used to it...
Millie: ...No fuckin' way. That was only your second shot...
Yuuji: I said three would be enough, didn't I?
Millie: Seriously...? What kind of magic trick did you pull...?
Yuuji: No tricks involved. I'm just that good, Milliela. Understand now?
Millie: ...What the hell, Jeanie... Is your name short for "genius" or something...?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm a genius. I keep telling people that, and then I work my ass off so I don't look like a delusional idiot... You just saw the results of that...
Yuuji: This world's one big garbage heap, and the only thing you can rely on is yourself. I believe in my talent and my hard work, and that gets me results.
Yuuji: But in your case... maybe it wouldn't hurt to try believing in your old man's drunken stories?
Millie: ...Cut it out... Don't go saying cool stuff all of a sudden... You tryin' to make me fall for you or something...?
Yuuji: Anyway, I guess you get to wash my underwear for me now. Make sure to do a good job on laundry duty next week, all right?
Millie: ...Y-Yeah, I'll wash 'em, sure... Uhm, anything else? Want to go have sex in the bathroom while we're at it?
Yuuji: I'm really not sure what we're supposed to be "at," but maybe next time...
Millie: When's "next time"? Tomorrow?
Yuuji: I don't know. Quit tugging my sleeve, will you? We need to get back before they find out we took the rifle.
Narration: *Predictably enough, Captain Garrett discovered our unauthorized appropriation of the rifle that very night...*
Narration: *And Milliela and I were ordered to scrub the latrines until convinced that shit smelled like daisies.*
Date: *July XX, 2012, 17:10 - "Ichigaya"*
Yuuji: ...Well, I guess that more or less covers the first term. After that came two months in Quantico, Virginia... then the "final exam," and my posting to an actual platoon in the field...
Yuuji: A lot of that stuff's still classified, so I wasn't sure how much detail to provide on paper...
JB: We have the relevant documents and mission logs, so a brief summary will be sufficient. You were deployed to Afghanistan and... Honduras, correct?
Yuuji: Yeah. Both times, we were reinforcements dropped into losing battles... First a desert, then a jungle... Not exactly my fondest memories, that's for sure.

Narration: *XXXX XX, 20XX, XX:XX - Battleship - Rec Room*
Danny: Yo, Shorty! How's it hangin'? Same boat again, huh? Let's do this, partner!!
Yuuji: ...For some reason, I'm already feeling completely exhausted...
Narration: *During the second term, I was once again assigned to the same training company as Danny.*
Narration: *By now, I wasn't exactly surprised. It seemed like somebody had made a deliberate decision to keep us together.*
Danny: Heh heh. Finally made it to the second term, man! We're PFCs now! Hey, Shorty, how much money did you get for the first term? Whatcha gonna spend it on?
Narration: *At the end of our first six-month period of training, the salary we'd earned was paid out all at once, minus anything we'd used with our rubber stamp at the Post Exchange.*
Narration: *If you hadn't bought anything, that would come to 5000 dollars. On average, you'd get around 4000... about 300,000 yen, at the time.*
Danny: I spent mine on a down payment for a car. Got my license during training and everything, so why not? Bought this baby with my own damn money! Money I earned! Nobody gets to complain this time!
Yuuji: ...That's nice, but when are you going to have time to drive it? And you're supposed to apply for permission beforehand. Might get ugly if they find out later...
Narration: *We were only grunts, but now that Danny had an insignia on his uniform, he was a representative of the United States. It would cause headaches if he got into accidents with civilians or broke traffic laws abroad.*
Narration: *Because of this, the military wasn't too pleased when people on active duty bought cars, and they generally required a good deal of paperwork beforehand.*
Narration: *But from what Asako told me, it was a lot of paperwork for no real benefit, so you were better off spending your time looking for an expensive insurance policy. Most people didn't even bother applying.*
Narration: *I guess the high-ranking officers who let their underlings chauffeur them everywhere aren't too familiar with the circumstances in that area.*
Danny: That's only a problem if I get caught, man. So what'd you buy?
Yuuji: I... bought a women's watch, actually.
Danny: Huh? Present for that "master" of yours?
Yuuji: No, someone else...
Danny: Seriously...? Damn, you've got a lot of women in your life.
Yuuji: Do I?
Danny: Don't play dumb. You did Millie too, didn't you?
Yuuji: No, I didn't...
Danny: ...Rumor is you even slept with Captain Garrett...
Narration: *As the words left his mouth, Danny looked cautiously around the room, glancing behind him twice.*
Danny: ...Seriously, man, I'm amazed you got that gorilla of a woman into bed. Don't think many guys could handle that. You'd make one hell of a zookeeper...
Yuuji: ...Where'd you hear that? What a load of crap...
Danny: What, you didn't do her?
Yuuji: ...Uh... well... I'm not saying nothing happened, but...
Danny: Some guys from another squad saw you and Millie makin' kissy-face, y'know.
Yuuji: That was just Milliela throwing herself at me... Uh, wait, I guess that's kind of a cowardly way to put it...
Danny: C'mon, enough crappy excuses! I'm not judgin' you here. Just admit it, Shorty... You did her, right?
Yuuji: Well, Milliela was sort of stalking me there for a while, and I guess there were a few incidents like that...
Yuuji: I did tell her I'm in love with another woman, so I couldn't go out with her... Four times, actually. But maybe I should've tried rejecting her really harshly or something...
Danny: Four times...? You shot her down that often, and she still keeps comin' back for more? Is the girl an idiot or what?
Yuuji: She does call herself one, so... yeah, I guess she probably is.
Danny: Damn. That's one annoying woman you got chasin' you around, man. Well, now that everyone's been redeployed for the second term, she'll probably forget about it in no time! Since she's an idiot and all! Hahahaha!
Millie: Who're you callin' an idiot, shithead!?!
Danny: Yow!!!
Danny: Gah! Millie! What the hell are you doin' here!?
Millie: They put me on the same boat as you two! Sorry about that! And what the hell, Danny!? Where does a dumbass coffee bean like you get off callin' me an idiot!?
Danny: Haaah? What'd you just say, bitch!? Don't make me fuck you to death!!
Millie: Who's gonna let you? Jeanie would never let you get away with that! He'd be all, "Damn! How dare you lay a hand on my woman!"
Millie: He'll blow your stupid head off from 700 meters away!! Ka-blammo!! Kiss your brains goodbye, dumbass!!
Danny: Don't give me that crap! You're not even Shorty's woman!! Stop slipping your stupid fuckin' fantasies into the middle of your threats, you dumb bitch!!
Millie: You're one to talk, asshole! Quit groping my tits while you're pretending to threaten me! I'll rip your fuckin' balls off! 
Danny: Who the hell would want to touch your pathetic tits, stupid? Moooron! Moooooron!
Millie: Are you twelve!? God, stop spitting in my face! So gross! Moron! Moooron! Moooooron!
Yuuji: ...Okay, I think I'll get going now. You two have fun...
Millie: Nooo! Jeeeanie! Don't leave me! We haven't seen each other in ages, right!? It's been a whole two weeks! Can't you at least give me a kiss!?
Danny: Hah, you got shot down again! Talk about pathetic! Stop talkin' in that sugary voice! It's makin' me sick to my stomach!!
Millie: Shut the hell up, Dipshit Danny!! I'll kick your face in!!
Danny: Yow!!!
Narration: *―Although we'd now entered the final half of our training, it wasn't that different from the "first term" until we were actually deployed into the field. In fact, things were more relaxed on the whole.*
Narration: *In terms of the major changes... our lodgings were now a 33,000 ton battleship rather than a barracks building, and we were given additional nighttime training.*
Narration: *Practically speaking, the single biggest difference was probably the fact that we were allowed to apply for shore leave...*
Narration: *But now that we were "seniors," some of us were also given the chance to act as assistant instructors.*
Narration: *Unlike normal volunteer soldiers, we were the disposable products of an abbreviated intensive-training program (often called "rapid-training" or "intensive")...*
Narration: *And while we were only PFCs at this point, those of us who'd produced excellent results during the first term were sometimes assigned to provide guidance for more typical recruits.*
Narration: *Our "second term" was going to involve a deployment into the field, but it would be some time before the details were decided.*
Narration: *That said, they didn't want to leave us sitting around idly. Feeding us and having us run in circles all day would keep us healthy enough, but that just meant we'd have more energy for mischief on the shore.*
Narration: *Having us train other recruits would remind us that the military was one big machine, and we were only gears inside it...*
Narration: *...while also encouraging us to develop a better understanding of the word "responsibility." That was probably their logic, at least.*
Narration: *In any case... since I'd carelessly taken top place in marksmanship at the end-of-term examinations, I was promptly handed a slip of paper and shipped right back to San Diego.*
Narration: *Frankly, it was a pretty massive pain in the ass.*
Narration: *The problem was simple enough: I was a short-term "worker," and the people I was instructing were full-time "employees."*
Narration: *In terms of rank, we were all PFCs, but they were generally older than me and had been in the service for longer.*
Narration: *Given my disadvantage in both age and experience, I felt like a pimple-faced part-timer trying to teach salaried university graduates how to work a cash register.*
Narration: *Honestly, I never had any idea how to approach the "lessons" I was supposed to be giving.*
Narration: *This was the sort of thing that could cause you a lot of problems - not just in training, but in the field as well.*
Narration: *After all, we were dealing with full-fledged "employees." There was a chance some of them would shoot up the ranks and end up giving us orders. Didn't really want to give them any reason to hold a grudge.*
Narration: *Naturally enough, us "part-time" instructors tended to provide some fairly lukewarm instruction. No screaming inolved, and much less corporal punishment.*
Narration: *Our "students" saw right through us, and they generally treated us with barely-disguised condescension.*
Narration: *However... even among the ranks of these arrogant "employees," there were a handful of hopeless cases.*
Narration: *These were the guys who just couldn't improve, struggling in their studies and training alike. As they fell further and further behind those around them, their confidence tended to fail, and things would go from bad to worse.*
Narration: *People like this usually just quit. But those who had nowhere else to go were downright pitiable. The instructors gave them hell in front of everyone; the other members of their squads punished them for slowing the group down.*
Narration: *The man I was instructing today, one Edward Walker, fell solidly into this category.*
Narration: *He was the oversized second son of a farm family. Rumor had it he'd been tossed into the military so he'd stop eating them out of house and home.*
Narration: *You'd never think he was a teenager from the sheer bulk of his body; thanks to his size and overall sluggishness, his squadmates had given him the unflattering nickname "Buffalo Eddie."*
Eddie: Hello, Instructor! Private First Class Edward Walker, reporting for scored marksmanship training!
Yuuji: Yeah, sure. Have at it.
Eddie: Sir! Yes, sir!
Narration: *We were the exact same rank, so the guy really shouldn't have been calling me "sir." A hot-tempered instructor probably would've assumed he was being sarcastic and given him an educational smack to the face.*
Narration: *At a glance, Walker looked like a gentle-hearted country boy... the kind who doesn't have much going for him apart from his physical strength.*
Narration: *That said, I had a bit of a soft spot for this particular "buffalo" of a man.*
Narration: *He wasn't the talkative sort. In fact, he was downright taciturn.*
Narration: *But from what I'd seen in his file, his father had died from an illness, and his mother had been struggling to manage the family farm on her own. The stress had recently caused her to fall into poor health.*
Narration: *Eddie did have an older brother who apparently worked in banking, but the man was divorced and had significant child support obligations, so he couldn't provide much help.*
Narration: *Accordingly, Walker had signed up for the Navy, hoping that his physical health would compensate for his "stupidity."*
Narration: *―Not really that unusual a story. Normally, I might've muttered "Hmm, that's rough," and forgotten all about it by the time I finished picking my nose.*
Narration: *However, Edward Walker was actually somewhat famous among the instructors.*
Narration: *He was known for his remarkably terrible results, of course. But they also said he'd never used his rubber stamp at the Post Exchange after entering the Navy. Not even once.*
Narration: *Whatever he needed, he obtained by bartering away his supply of cigarettes. He hadn't spent a dime of the salary provided to him by the military. He didn't leave the base on off days, either.*
Narration: *The man was apparently sending every cent of his military salary home to his mother. Now that's the sort of thing that really brings a tear to your eye, right?*
Narration: *Good job, Eddie. That's the way... You've got to take care of your mother while she's still around, or you'll definitely regret it in the long run.*
Narration: *I couldn't do a thing for mine. And in the end, she died before my eyes.*
Narration: *Those regrets probably had something to do with it... but one way or the other, I couldn't help seeing Eddie Walker as a really good guy.*
Eddie: ...Instructor! I've fired three rounds at the target! Requesting your confirmation!!
Yuuji: Okay, let's see.
Narration: *I peered into my spotting scope, fixed on a tripod to point at the target downrange.*
Narration: *I took a good long look at the target paper, but there weren't any bullet holes to be seen. I couldn't even see any signs he'd grazed it.*
Yuuji: ...No points. Looks like you didn't land any...
Narration: *As I murmured these words, Walker's huge shoulders visibly sagged.*
Eddie: ...I just can't do it, can I...
Yuuji: I don't think there's any reason to get depressed about it. You're still in your first term, and experience is everything when it comes to guns. The more shots you take, the better you'll get.
Eddie: ...I'm afraid I may not have time for that...
Yuuji: What do you mean...?
Eddie: I've only barely maintained passing marks in my studies so far... and in my exam last month, I received a failing grade. Any further failures, and they'll send me back home...
Yuuji: Uh, that's probably not true...
Narration: *As a general rule, militaries are easy to join but hard to leave. Once you're in, they're not going to "fire" you at the drop of a hat.*
Narration: *That said, failure in training has a huge effect on your career prospects.*
Narration: *Old classmates will move up quickly through the ranks, jumping to NCO or even Staff NCO. But if you failed early on, you'll usually languish lower on the totem pole.*
Narration: *Eventually, you'll find yourself being outstripped by people who enlisted years later than you. There's few things more humiliating than working under an officer who you bossed around when they were still a fresh recruit.*
Eddie: Unless I'm... somehow able to earn a passing score in this supplementary lesson, I'll have failed once again...
Yuuji: ...Hrm...
Narration: *I glanced down at Walker's "report card." A number of red marks indicated failures in swimming, academics, and...*
Yuuji: ...Wait, you failed hand-to-hand combat as well?
Eddie: ...I was raised in the country, on a farm full of cattle... Violence was all but unheard of in our community. My brother was something of a bookworm, so I never even experienced a real sibling quarrel...
Yuuji: Ah, I see...
Narration: *Before you get used to it, hitting people can sometimes be more painful than being hit.*
Narration: *The man was just too kind.*
Narration: *This might be a little rich coming from a coward who couldn't bring himself to kill, but... it seemed like making Edward Walker into a full-fledged Marine was going to take quite a bit of time.*
Yuuji: Hmm... I guess it would be pretty bad to pick up any more failing grades at this point, huh...
Yuuji: Anyway, is it really giving you that much trouble? Maybe the gun's bad. Let me take a look.
Eddie: ...Of course! Here you are!
Narration: *The rifle I took from Eddie appeared to be a perfectly typical M40A1 of the sort new recruits were always given.*
Narration: *It was visibly beaten up from years of heavy usage, but the barrel and a few other parts had been replaced. Training rifles were usually total junk; relatively speaking, this one seemed solid enough.*
Narration: *If he couldn't land a single shot using this thing, the problem was clearly on Eddie's end.*
Narration: *Promptly pulling back the bolt handle, I pushed a round into the rifle's chamber and assumed an upright firing position.*
Yuuji: ...I'm going to try it out, all right?
Narration: *The gun itself wasn't half bad. No real quirks or peculiarities; you could tell it had been thoroughly "trained" by generations of riflemen.*
Narration: *There weren't any unpleasant "catches" in the action, and the bullets flew into the target with satisfying accuracy. It was a genuinely refreshing feeling.*
Yuuji: Hey, looks like it's not so bad... Take a look in the scope, why don't you?
Eddie: Uh, right!
Narration: *Curling up his huge body to look into the spotting scope, Eddie peered at the distant target paper. The three shots I'd fired off were scattered "carelessly" around the outer edge of the bullseye circle.*
Eddie: ...But you barely even aimed...!!
Yuuji: Well, that's why they landed all over the place. If I'd gone prone and focused, they would all have ended up going dead center...
Eddie: Very impressive, instructor!! You badge-holders really are a cut above the rest!
Yuuji: Not really. This is the only thing I'm any good at, you know...?
Eddie: Is... that so, sir?
Yuuji: If I had any other skills, I'd be in a different line of work. Maybe running a coffee shop or something.
Eddie: ...Uhh... I see...
Yuuji: Guess it doesn't make that much sense to you, huh...? Well, whatever... In any case, you take that target paper and bring it to your squad leader.
Yuuji: Just write "I scored 0 points at 300 yards, so I tried again at 250" on your report sheet. I'll stamp it for you. Pretty sure they don't fail you outright for hitting a bullseye at 250.
Eddie: But instructor! Wouldn't that be a breach of regulations...!?
Yuuji: Hrm... that's certainly a very admirable point of view, PFC Edward Walker. But tell me, have you ever heard this saying?
Yuuji: In the military, it's all about knowing which corners to cut!
Yuuji: And anyway... if your results don't improve, they're going to say I'm a lousy instructor with no "leadership qualities," you know...?
Yuuji: So don't get me wrong. It's not like I'm taking pity on you here or anything.
Eddie: ...Haha... You're a bit of a cynic, aren't you...?
Yuuji: Go grab the damn thing and take it to your squad leader already. If they ask why you suddenly managed to hit the target, just tell 'em you could "see the wind" or something.
Eddie: ...Thank you very much for your instruction! I will repay this debt someday... on the battlefield!!
Yuuji: Very well! Dismissed!
Narration: *All your results in training influence the assessment you receive at "graduation." In the military, your "report card" can be a ticket to heaven or a ticket to hell.*
Narration: *Accordingly, the relative performance of squads within a training company, and individuals within a squad, are constantly being compared on a competitive basis.*
Narration: *Squad leaders and instructors are military men and women, but they're also human beings. They tend to get attached to the students under their direct supervision.*
Narration: *At times, that "parental affection" probably acts as a lubricant that keeps the gears of the military machine turning.*
Narration: *―I wasn't sure exactly what happened to Edward Walker after that.*
Narration: *Maybe we'd be abruptly reunited in "the field" someday, with him as my superior officer.*
Narration: *Smirking at the thought of calling in my "debt" with Sergeant Walker, I returned to my unit at Quantico in a relatively cheerful mood.*
Danny: Yo, Shorty! Welcome back, man!
Narration: *With my stint as an instructor at an end, I came home to an enthusiastic welcome from the lovable punk known as Daniel Bone.*
Narration: *Apparently Danny had found life tragically boring without me around. He'd spent most of his time getting into fights with Milliela and enraging his superior officers.*
Narration: *They eventually confined him to the ship, but he snuck ashore anyway... then proceeded to tear around town in his new car, party with women, and get himself into a drunken barfight.*
Narration: *This incident ended with an officer having to rush over to the scene and apologize profusely to a number of local policemen.*
Narration: *You'd think Danny would've learned his lesson, but he slipped off the boat again just a few days later...*
Narration: *...then spent a few hours driving around in a drunken stupor, before getting caught by an MP who found him taking potshots at a stop sign from the window of his car.*
Yuuji: Oh... Guess that explains why they suddenly told me to come back from San Diego ASAP...
Danny: Seems like I always get up to no good when my partner ain't around, so they called you back here on the double! Kahahahaha!!
Millie: ...What's so funny? God, you're an idiot... You are SUCH an idiot! They're gonna take that stripe away from you at this rate, okay!? You'll never get anywhere if you keep this up!
Millie: I don't care if you get yourself shipped off into the middle of some hellhole, but don't make life harder for Jeanie, shithead!
Yuuji: Well, no big deal. It's nothing I can't handle...
Yuuji: Anyway, Milliela, I'm back.
Millie: Welcome home, dear!
Danny: "Dear" my ass. Who died and made you his wife, huh?
Danny: Shorty's my partner. In England, that makes him my "mate"! Don't go tryin' to steal him away from me, diarrhea-face!
Millie: The hell? You wanna go, y'braindead asshole? I'll mess you up!
Yuuji: Look, guys, I'm kind of tired... Think you're gonna have to excuse me...
Millie: Ooh nooo! Jeanie, you're so cold... but that's what I lurve about you!
Millie: I'll be right there once I finish kicking this coffee-bean's sorry ass! Go take a shower and wait for me, okay? Tee hee!♪
Danny: What the hell's with that voice you're making!? Talk about creepy! "Tee hee" my ass!
Danny: Aaaargh! Goddamnit! I'm so fuckin' pissed! What is wrong with this girl!? Seriously! If I don't kill her ASAP, I'm a failure as a Marine!
Millie: Like t'see you try, dumbass!!
Danny: Gwoooooh!!
Narration: *―There really was a chance we'd be shipped off to a "hellhole."*
Narration: *A very real chance, in fact.*
Narration: *That was the whole point of putting a bunch of dropouts and petty criminals through intensive training, after all. They expected us to take bullets for Uncle Sam.*
Narration: *In the not-too-distant future, we'd all be dropped into the middle of a battlefield for the "practical experience" portion of our second-term training.*
Narration: *At the very least, that was what I'd begun to suspect.*

Narration: *XXXX XX, 20XX, XX:XX - Battleship - Rec Room*
Narration: *―That said, the following two weeks passed peacefully enough.*
Narration: *We were technically in the second half of our training period, but unless there was an operation of some sort taking place, everyone could freely invite their family to the ship on Sundays and holidays.*
Narration: *A "battleship" is a national asset, paid for entirely with taxpayer funds. If the people want to take a look, it wouldn't do to completely refuse them. Except for classified areas, civilians were allowed to tour the ship.*
Narration: *On this particular day, Danny's family was apparently coming for a visit. He'd woken up early, spent hours cleaning our living quarters, and was now pacing anxiously around the place in his neat ceremonial uniform.*
Narration: *Every time the "launch" carrying visitors and supplies pulled up to the gangway, he'd get all fidgety, checking his hat and jacket in the mirror over and over. I even saw him snap off a few smart salutes to nobody in particular.*
Narration: *When I asked him who was coming, he said it was his mother and his younger sister.*
Narration: *Danny had led a fairly wild and reckless life; the police had picked him up quite a few times, and he'd ended up in the courthouse more than once.*
Narration: *It was pretty obvious how badly he wanted to show his family that he'd come up in the world.*
Narration: *Eventually, the intercom speakers crackled to life, and the words "Visitors for PFC Daniel Bone. Present yourself at the gangway ASAP" echoed across the room.*
Narration: *Before the announcement was even over, Danny had rushed out of our quarters, banging his head on the watertight door as he went.*
Narration: *I myself didn't have any family to invite over, so off days could be more than a little awkward when I wasn't given the option to go ashore.*
Narration: *Fending off questions about why I never had any visitors was annoying, for one thing...*
Narration: *And when I saw my comrades proudly giving tours of the ship to their visiting families, I'd grow irritated for reasons I couldn't even understand.*
Narration: *At times like these, I'd always head somewhere I could be alone. There were countless places to hide on a ship as large as this one; unfortunately, most of them tended to be on the gloomy side.*
Narration: *That was a problem, since I always took a paperback book with me. My master had instructed me to read books in well-lit areas, as "a sniper's eyes are their life." So I'd usually head for the smoking area out on the foredeck.*
Narration: *Pausing near the top of the ramp leading out onto the deck, I reached into my pockets in search of my sunglasses... and found myself face-to-face with Milliela.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Milliela.
Millie: Oh, Jeanie... Going for a cigarette?
Yuuji: You know I don't smoke, don't you?
Millie: Uh, yeah... Right, of course...
Yuuji: What's wrong? You seem kind of down...
Millie: Mmm... Nah, it's nothing...
Yuuji: Well, okay then...
Narration: *Slipping my Moakley sunglasses onto my head, I started to walk off onto the foredeck.*
Millie: Whaaat!? "Okay then!?" C'mon! Can't you see this super-serious look on my face!?
Millie: There's so obviously something wrong! I'm just forcing myself to say "it's nothing"! And all I get is an "okay then"!?! You're terrible, Jeanie!
Yuuji: ...Sorry, what? If there's something you want to say, just say it.
Millie: ...Uhm, well... You have a family or anything, Jeanie?
Yuuji: They're all dead.
Millie: Really? Same as me, then...
Yuuji: Ah, now I get it...
Narration: *She was probably here for the same reason I was.*
Narration: *I didn't exactly envy my comrades, but their questions about my family always seemed vaguely condescending. Even though I knew they didn't mean anything by it, I'd get irritated despite myself.*
Narration: *Since I didn't want to admit that I was childish enough to get pissed off over nothing, I ran and hid instead.*
Millie: ...What do you mean, you get it?
Yuuji: Like I said, it's the same for me. I know how you feel.
Millie: It's not like I'm trying to hide, okay!? It's just... I dunno... How can I put this...?
Yuuji: I understand. You don't have to say it.
Narration: *Finishing that sentence would require admitting to something she didn't really want to acknowledge.*
Narration: *The moment it came out into the open, it would be hard to keep quiet any longer. And that would only make it hurt more. I knew that from personal experience.*
Narration: *Rather than allowing this to continue, I opted to change the subject entirely.*
Yuuji: Why don't you go do some independent training if you're bored? Feels like I haven't seen you shooting much lately.
Millie: Ahhh, yeah... Sorta gave up the rifle, actually. Teh heh.
Yuuji: Don't "teh heh" me. Why'd you quit?
Millie: Well, you beat me fair and square, Jeanie. If there's someone better than me, I figured I should just leave it to them. Don't need two snipers in one squad, right?
Yuuji: I really don't think that's true...
Millie: Oh! Don't worry, I'm not blaming you or anything. It's kinda the opposite, really. I want to find a job that lets me stay with you.
Yuuji: Like what, a spotter?
Millie: I thought about that, yeah... but I sorta think I'd like to do something you can't...
Millie: Y'know, like... "Argh, I can't handle this! Right! At times like this, just call for Millie!"
Millie: Is there anything you're really bad at, Jeanie?
Yuuji: ...Well, sure... I'm terrible at singing, for one thing.
Millie: ...What, you telling me to become a pop star? Naaaah. Anything else?
Yuuji: I have a hard time eating meat, I guess...
Millie: That's really not what I'm looking for... Anything else?
Yuuji: ...I can't kill people...
Millie: Perfect! I'll kill 'em for you, then! I'll kill 'em all! I'll kill everybody you want dead, Jeanie! Sound good?
Yuuji: No, it's a problem I have to overcome... I need to be able to do it myself. You can go to the bathroom in my place, but my bladder's not going to get any emptier, right?
Millie: Aw, shucks...
Yuuji: How about becoming a pilot or something? They get paid well, and I hear their food's damn good, too.
Millie: ...Hmm. Seems like it'd be tough for an idiot like me...
Yuuji: Well, I'm sure it isn't possible for someone who hides behind the word "idiot" like it's a shield...
Narration: *A long time ago, I used to believe I was a worthless coward who'd never be better than my sister at anything I did. But that really wasn't anything other than an excuse.*
Yuuji: It's like my master always said... "Don't decide you can't do something until you've tried. Don't think up excuses before you try. People have their weak points, but if you go all out, nothing's downright impossible."
Millie: ...Your master sounds pretty awesome. I'm a little envious...
Yuuji: Try not to set your expectations too high. If you actually meet the woman, it's going to be one hell of a letdown...
Millie: ...She's a woman...?
Yuuji: Yeah... and a lazy, arrogant bum to boot...
Yuuji: She's so full of herself it's ridiculous... When I asked if she could really do anything at all, she answered "Who the hell do you think I am?"
Yuuji: When you're face-to-face with a challenge, there's only two things you can do... give up and run, or work your ass off to overcome it...
Yuuji: Giving up is easy, but it's also pathetic... or so my master says...
Yuuji: Struggling your way forward isn't always going to be pretty, but there's nothing shameful about it... She's the one who taught me that...
Yuuji: So... even if she is an arrogant jerk, she's important to me... I can't really express this very well, but I think she's amazing...
Millie: ...I see...
Millie: In that case... let's say I do manage to become a pilot. Would you think that's amazing, too?
Yuuji: Yeah. Pretty sure I would.
Millie: No kidding? Hmm. Maybe I'll try getting a little serious for once...
Yuuji: Trying embarrassingly hard might be a nice change of pace once in a while, right?
Millie: Yeah!
Narration: *I wasn't playing fair. On some level, I understood that.*
Narration: *I'd pushed this girl away, but she still hadn't given up. So now I was talking to her about another woman.*
Narration: *Trying to convince someone to "give up on their own" like this is the coward's way out.*
Narration: *It's the method you use when you're afraid to hurt someone, and afraid of being hurt in return.*
Narration: *And of course, if it actually works, you probably end up feeling a little sad. Like the self-centered idiot you are.*
Narration: *―It's pretty common for life to be compared to a railway.*
Narration: *In that case, I suppose people would be the trains that ride it.*
Narration: *You move along steadily, pulling an ever-increasing load of "freight" behind you. Sometimes you're chugging up a steep slope; sometimes you're gliding effortlessly downhill, gathering momentum for the next challenge.*
Narration: *I didn't expect things would be any different going forward.*
Narration: *For a while, we'd been on a "downhill" stretch, growing used to the repetitive rhythms of military life. But then, just as our confidence was beginning to grow...*
Narration: *...our second-term postings were finally decided, and our deployment in actual combat began.*
Narration: *Although our postings had been finalized, we apparently weren't important enough to even be informed where we'd be going.*
Narration: *From that, it was easy enough to imagine that we'd be heading for a place where particularly "confidential" operations were underway... and judging from the rumors leaking out of the NCO room, Afghanistan seemed likely.*
Narration: *As it loaded up with personnel, weapons, equipment, ammunition, and combat vehicles, the ship we'd be departing on sunk lower and lower into the water.*
Narration: *The XO stood by as the cargo streamed aboard, adjusting the ship's "trim" with a calculator in his hand. Watching out of the corners of our eyes, we found ourselves growing increasingly anxious about our unknown destination.*
Narration: *This would be our first visit to an actual battlefield. Our first real taste of combat. It wasn't just "training" any more; even a small mistake might cost us our lives.*
Narration: *Even so, we tried our best to keep our nerves under control. Danny, for one, was "relaxed" enough to get caught pissing in the scupper by a first lieutenant.*
Narration: *The ship we'd boarded had a crew of about 250, and it was carrying maybe 100 Marines for deployment.*
Narration: *They told us we'd all be joining a mixed force that was being reorganized in the field, but... when I looked around, my "classmates" Danny and Millie were the only familiar faces.*
Danny: By the way, I hear there's one other guy on this ship who was in our class. He's gonna be in our platoon, too.
Narration: *Daniel Bone was a man with a habit of causing trouble anywhere he went.*
Narration: *That said, he also had an impressive ability to turn these incidents to his advantage. He was a genuine extrovert, constantly making new "buddies" of all sorts under the most unexpected of circumstances.*
Narration: *In fact, the rumor we were currently discussing had apparently come to him through the very officer who'd found him using the scupper as a urinal. Somehow or other, Danny always found the silver lining.*
Millie: Same class as us...? What squad? What's his name?
Danny: Think they said Squad Three...? His name's "Robert Wolson." Ever heard of him?
Millie: ...Doesn't ring any bells...
Yuuji: Well, it's not that surprising if he was in a different squad... but what kind of person is he...?
Danny: I've only heard vague rumors, but his nickname's apparently "Immortal Robbie"... Like, the indestructible man or something.
Millie: "Immortal," huh...? That sounds pretty intimidating...
Yuuji: But wasn't Squad Three full of "white-collar" types? I think they mainly put guys with good academic results in that one...
Danny: Yeah, true that. And anyway, I went around talking to everyone who looked like they'd be good in a fight... Knocked a few of 'em around, too... but I don't remember there being anyone that amazing in our class.
Millie: Heh... Maybe you were just picking on the weaklings, huh?
Danny: The hell...? If I wanted to fight weaklings, I woulda come to you right off the bat, dumbass.
Millie: What was that, punk...? Want me to skin you like a cat?
Yuuji: ...Anyway, if he's on this boat with the same destination as us, can't we just look him up on a computer?
Danny: Isn't there some guy bunkin' near us who brought a PC on board? Let's have him do it for us.
Narration: *These days, the world was all about computers. The prices of personal machines had fallen steadily in recent years, and the number of people who owned one was rising dramatically.*
Narration: *Of course, that applied to the military as well. The Navy in particular seemed to attract an unusually high proportion of computer geeks.*
Narration: *Every time you walked through a common space on an off-day, you'd see plenty of people playing games on portable machines or home consoles.*
Little Sister: "Please, Onii-chan!! Why won't you love me too!?"
PC Man: Ohh! ...Hohoho! Slow down there, my dear! I already have forty-one imoutos by now! And you... you are my G2mine!
PC Man: According to that nice priest at the church, that makes things a bit questionable ethics-wise, you know? 
Little Sister: "...None of that matters one bit! Not when I love you this much, Onii-chan! Why won't you understand!?"
PC Man: No, Airy, I do understand... I know you've felt romantic interest in me ever since you were a child... and I, too, have great rabu for you...
PC Man: But you have to back down! I'm a hezare at heart! A G2mine is too much for me!
Little Sister: "...You don't understand at all, Onii-chan... I'm serious about this, okay? It's not a lie... Hold on. I'll prove it to you right now..."
PC Man: Yow, suck on that! I see where you're going with this, but no! Slow down, Airy!
PC Man: Oh shiiit! Don't take it off! Oh, jeez! This can't be happening... Keep your socks on, at least! You can't go full nuuuude! Arian-nasoo!
Danny: Damn, that's kinda impressive... First time I've seen anyone with the balls to play a porn game in a public space without even wearin' headphones...
PC Man: Yeeehow! Shabure! Yeah, shabure! Aw yes! I'm coming!! I got this!!
Millie: ...Uh, is this guy all right in the head? He's been talking to his screen this whole time... also, nothing he's saying makes any fuckin' sense... What language is that, even?
Yuuji: ...Uh... Japanese, maybe?
Narration: *The first thing that came to mind when I heard "G2-mine" was a next generation explosive device, but maybe he was just mangling the word "jitsumai"... or "actual sister"...*
Narration: *The little sister inside the game seemed to be named "Airi," which he was mispronouncing as "Airy"...*
Narration: *"Hezare" was probably "hetare," or "spineless"... and arian-nasoo would be... what, exactly? I was a little lost there myself.*
Danny: Well, whatever... Hey! Hey, four-eyes, I'm talkin' to you! You deaf or something? Turn around already!
PC Man: ...Yowp!
PC Man: Hey! Why'd you just hit me!?
Danny: Sorry to interrupt you while you're having fun with your girlfriend there, but there's something we want to look up on that precious PC of yours.
PC Man: Hey hey hey, can't you see I'm busy here? Try someone else, Danny-boy.
Danny: Look, it's only gonna take a minute once you stop complaining, and we'll get lost once we're done. You've been in the military long enough to know there's no point fighting over stupid crap, right? Just hand it over.
Danny: ...And why the hell do you know my name, anyway? That's creepy as hell, man...
PC Man: Ugh, what a pain in the ass... Hold on a second. Let me save...
Little Sister: "I'll save your game, Onii-chan!♪"
PC Man: Okay. See you, Airy... Goodbyeeee...
Millie: ...Gross...
PC Man: So...? What did you want me to look up for you?
Danny: We're interested in "Immortal Robbie." Seems like he's on this ship as well. Give us any info you can find.
PC Man: Are you serious? What a joke... Why don't you just talk to him instead?
Danny: Because we don't know where he is, moron! That's why we're here! Do you want me to break those glasses!?
PC Man: ...By "Immortal Robbie," I assume you're referring to Robert Wolson?
Danny: Yeah, that's right. What, you know him?
PC Man: You could say that. Robert Wolson's my name.
Danny: ...Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!?
Narration: *In that instant, a fearsome and muscular ironman known as "Immortal Robbie" - the very personification of the Marine Corps - died a tragic death within Danny's mind.*
Narration: *The "Robbie" before us was, in fact, the very picture of what Danny called a "fuckin' four-eyes." Huge metal braces glinted on his teeth as he smiled.*
Narration: *On the whole, the man looked about as frail and gangly as they come.*
Narration: *Overwhelmed by the devastating gap between his dreams and reality, Danny fell to his knees and took his head in his hands.*
Danny: ...Why, God? Why is the world so beautiful... when reality's so cruel...?
Millie: ...Wait, seriously? Are you actually Robbie?
Robbie: Yeah, sure am. My mouth looks kinda mecha when I smile, right? So people always call me Robbie. Like "Robbie the Robot," see?
Yuuji: Okay, so what about the "immortal" part...?
Robbie: That's just as simple. The answer is here...
Little Sister: "Onii-chan...? That's my pooper..."
Yuuji: ...An eroge?
Robbie: Indubitably!
Millie: Indubitably, my ass... Couldn't you pick a less disgusting line? I'll knock your teeth in, you stupid nerd...
Yuuji: ...Sorry, I still don't get it.
Robbie: Well, I'm something of an "imouto moe" loyalist, you see?
Robbie: As I was playing my games during training, I shouted "Imouto! Imouto banzai!" repeatedly... and it seems the guys in my squad misheard "imouto" as "immortal." Simple as that.
Yuuji: ...I shouldn't even have asked. That is unbelievably stupid...
Danny: Hey, wait, hold on... Does that mean you're the guy in the same platoon as us...?
Robbie: Indubitably!!
Millie: Oh my GOD, he pisses me off. Jeanie, can I cave his head in? Please?
Yuuji: ...No.
Robbie: Anyhow, good to meet you. I'm Robert Wolson. You can call me Robbie.
Robbie: Oh, don't bother introducing yourselves. I've already looked into you three.
Narration: *―Robert Wolson...*
Narration: *Above all else, he was a devoted Japanimation "otaku" and lover of "hentai" games.*
Narration: *When it came to otaku culture, his passion was second to none. While his favorite anime was "Pretty Soldier Saber Moon," he was also deeply knowledgeable about retro animation and live-action superheroes in general.*
Narration: *The very picture of a "nerd," in other words. In cases like this, you might expect to hear some story about how the guy had gotten caught snooping around the CIA's computer network or something, but it wasn't anything like that.*
Narration: *Robbie had simply refused to go to school, locking himself in his room to play games all day long. His old man (the owner of a butcher shop) eventually lost patience and physically knocked him into enlistment.*
Narration: *Back when he was in a training squad, he'd earned countless sadistic assessments from instructors and fellow students alike: "Gross." "Kind of pisses me off." "I want to punch him every time I see him."*
Narration: *And by far, the most annoying thing about him was...*
Robbie: Hey, Yuzuri!
Yuuji: ...Sorry, are you talking to me?
Robbie: You're Cajun Yuzuri, right? Think I remember some major leaguer with the same name. Well, not that I'm interested in baseball or anything...
Yuuji: ...Why is it that Americans have no interest in remembering anyone's name correctly?
Robbie: More importantly, Yuzuri! You're Japanese! In other words, you come from the land of the otaku, yes!?
Yuuji: ...Well, you're not wrong... but otaku culture isn't all there is to Japan, you know...
Robbie: I know that, of course. But even so, Japan is the country of my dreams... and you hail from that divine land! Please, tell me all about glorious Nippon!
Robbie: Is it true that Akiba is full of maids riding ladies' bicycles!?
Yuuji: ...Who gives a damn? God, you're annoying...
Narration: *Being in the same platoon as this guy didn't exactly fill me with confidence about what lay ahead.*
Narration: *Were we seriously going to manage with a group like this?*
Narration: *We had the wild child from Arizona, Daniel Bone...*
Narration: *The bimbo slut / general dimwit, Milliela Stanfield...*
Narration: *And the otaku four-eyes, Robert Wolson.*
Narration: *At present, the squad was already shaping up to be one giant lump of problems.*
Narration: *And despite my smug evaluation of everyone around me, it's not like I was much better. Rounding out the team was Yuuji Kazami - the cowardly sniper who couldn't bring himself to kill.*
Narration: *As it happened, this particular weakness would be exposed not long after we landed, as we trekked through the jungle toward our rendezvous point.*
Danny: Hey, Shorty! Look at that! There's a big bird up there! Think we could eat that?
Yuuji: Who knows? Doesn't look poisonous, at least...
Danny: Okay, let's kill it and bring it with us. We can feed it to the captain and see what happens!
Yuuji: Cut it out. You're just going to waste bullets. Let me do it, Danny...
Narration: *I intended this as nothing more than a little test.*
Narration: *My mental state was relatively stable by now, compared to before. I had grown up a little.*
Narration: *I wanted to believe that I'd developed something of an "immunity" to the effects of killing a living thing.*
Narration: *"...Don't hesitate... The more you wait, the harder it gets to take the shot..."*
Narration: *Pull the trigger before you have time to hesitate.*
Narration: *It was something I'd been practicing to do for years by this point.*
Narration: *And so, before I had a chance to regret it, my bullet found its way to the "target."*
Danny: All right! Nailed him! Nice one, Shorty!
Millie: ...C'mon, that was 80 meters at most. Jeanie could land that shot with his eyes closed. Right, Jeanie?
Yuuji: .........
Millie: ...Jeanie?
Yuuji: ...Bleeagh!!!
Millie: What th-!? Hey! Jeanie!? Wh-What's wrong!?
Yuuji: Bleeeeergh!!!
Narration: *Physically pulling a trigger is one thing; coping with it psychologically is something else. The military doctor who examined me issued a tentative diagnosis of "PTSD."*
Narration: *Long story short, it was related to the extreme external stress I'd gone through in the past.*
Narration: *I was no longer experiencing panic attacks from sudden flashbacks or compulsively harming myself, so I wanted to believe that my symptoms were improving...*
Narration: *But if I reacted this strongly to shooting a bird, it was difficult to imagine what might happen if I fired at a human being.*
Narration: *What exactly was the military expecting to accomplish with a ridiculous crew like this?*
Narration: *Perhaps that was the wrong question. What if they weren't expecting anything at all? Maybe they just wanted to toss a bunch of worthless bums into the fire to spare themselves the expense of feeding us.*
Narration: *In any case, throwing an under-supplied jumble of defective personnel into the middle of a messy conflict didn't strike me as a particularly brilliant strategy.*
Narration: *We had no experience with actual combat to this point. Our first indirect glimpse of the real thing would come four days after our landing.*
Narration: *The long tunnel in front of us was a crucial part of our forces' supply route.*
Narration: *We were scheduled to make our way to a forward operating base and supply depot a little beyond, where we'd join up with our newly-formed unit. There was no choice but to pass through.*
Narration: *The crucial nature of this supply route made it an attractive target. And because of its sheer length, it was difficult for our forces to protect. By the time we arrived at the tunnel, a battle had already come to an end.*
Narration: *A number of transport vehicles were stopped on the road near the entrance. As we approached, we saw that it had partially collapsed, blocking traffic entirely.*
Narration: *This kind of trouble seemed to be a common occurence here. A number of combat engineers had gathered around, and were already in the process of manually clearing the dirt-clogged entrance.*
Narration: *Our orders were to join with our regiment as soon as humanly possible, without participating in combat even if we encountered it. That meant getting down from the transport truck and passing through this tunnel on foot.*
Narration: *Fortunately enough, a "soft skin" dispatched from the regiment was apparently waiting on the other side. We strapped on all of our personal equipment, climbed off our transport, and made our way toward the tunnel.*
Engineer: ...You going in?
Yuuji: Yes. They're apparently organizing our unit at the base just past here.
Engineer: ...Don't stop moving. Try not to look if you can help it...
Yuuji: All right...
Narration: *A number of people had presumably died in combat inside this tunnel. The smell of blood hung thickly in the air.*
Narration: *Turning on our shoulder-mounted flashlights, we clambered carefully inside. When I reached out to steady myself against the interior wall, I found it was faintly tinged with heat.*
Narration: *Either we'd used napalm in here, or an enemy bomb had gone off. The wall still hadn't cooled completely.*
Narration: *With the smell of blood and the heat trapped in the air, it almost felt like we were walking through a giant living thing.*
Danny: ...What do we do?
Narration: *Danny's voice echoed against the tunnel walls, betraying a slight uneasiness.*
Narration: *There was only one thing to do, of course: go forward. He was asking how we should position ourselves.*
Yuuji: ...There's only four of us right now, and the tunnel isn't that wide. One point man should be plenty, don't you think?
Danny: True enough... All right then, let's form a diamond. Millie, can you take point?
Millie: Sure...
Danny: I'll be the second attacker. Robbie, you're the radio man. Stick with me.
Robbie: Yep. Roger that, Danny.
Danny: Shorty, you're the rearguard. Shouldn't really be necessary, but keep an eye on our backs for us...
Yuuji: Leave it to me...
Narration: *The beams of our shoulder-mounted flashlights revealed many corpses as we passed through that tunnel.*
Narration: *Few of them were still recognizably human.*
Narration: *One body that our flashlights happened to illuminate had lost both of its legs and one of its arms.*
Narration: *Its right arm, the only limb it had left, was twitching slightly - as if searching for something.*
Narration: *It was hard to believe it could still move in that condition. It looked like a fish that had been cut open and served alive.*
Danny: ...Don't gawk at the poor bastards... It's just sad...
Yuuji: Yeah, you're right...
Narration: *Look too closely, and you wouldn't be able to help thinking.*
Narration: *"I don't want to end up that way." "I don't want to die like that."*
Narration: *Those sorts of thoughts can make you freeze up at a critical moment. It had happened to me before.*
Narration: *I'd killed plenty of people by now. My father, my mother... even people whose names I didn't know. I no longer felt particularly anxious about the way my own life would end.*
Narration: *It seemed pretty obvious that I'd be dying an equally violent death, sooner or later.*
Narration: *―In the midst of a sudden downpour, we reported our arrival to the S-1 at the battalion HQ within the forward operating base, then rested in the barracks... until an unexpected surprise arrived to greet us.*
Eddie: ...Instructor!? Is that you, Instructor Kazami!?
Yuuji: Eddie...?
Narration: *I'd have recognized Edward Walker's mountain-sized body and oddly agreeable face anywhere. And honestly, I felt more than a little relieved to see him.*
Yuuji: ...Can't say I was expecting to run into you here. Some coincidence, huh?
Eddie: My thoughts exactly, Instructor! May I ask when you were deployed here!?
Yuuji: We just arrived. And, uh... stop talking so respectfully, all right? We're the same rank, and I'm younger than you.
Danny: Then shouldn't you be talkin' respectful to him, Shorty..?
Yuuji: Hm? Really? I mean, I always try to address people the way they want to be addressed...
Danny: I dunno, dude... For a shrimp, you can be pretty damn pushy sometimes...
Yuuji: Anyway, good to see you again, Eddie.
Eddie: Yes! I very much look forward to working with you!
Yuuji: ...Come on...
Narration: *As always, the man was serious and honest to a fault.*
Narration: *But just as I'd been happy to see Eddie's face, I was relieved to learn he was also part of our platoon.*
Narration: *A "platoon" in the field was the same as a "squad" during training - a small "family" of Marines. Compared to being thrown into a group of strangers, having a few familiar faces around would make it easier to fit in.*
Narration: *Leaving the central company barracks, we followed the paved road that led to platoon housing under Eddie's guidance, peppering him with questions as we went.*
Eddie: I myself only arrived here two weeks ago, and I first participated in battle last week. To be honest, there's still a great deal I don't know yet.
Danny: If you were in battle, then at least you know what we're up against, right? Are they tough?
Eddie: Regrettably, I didn't even catch a glimpse of the enemy. I woke to a loud boom in the middle of the night, at which point the battle had already begun...
Eddie: I did join my unit and wait for the enemy at my assigned position, but two hours passed without any sign of them, and then the fight was over...
Millie: ...So they sneak over to attack in the middle of the night? Just a bunch of guerrillas, then. Should be easy enough to overwhelm 'em with sheer firepower...
Robbie: That sort of brute-force thinking is what drags wars out endlessly, you know. 
Robbie: Ever heard of how persistent the Japanese Army was in New Guinea and Saipan? Less than 50 of their soldiers led 50,000 of ours around by the nose. That's something we can't allow ourselves to forget.
Robbie: Such guerrillas possess a "conviction" that mere soldiers lack. And at the root of this lies a holy symbol that transforms mere men into invincible warriors... Indeed, I refer to...
Millie: ...little sisters, linchpin of the "imouto control" strategy? Don't make me break your face, you nasty nerd.
Robbie: Hey, Yuzuri! This girl just casually dissed your country's greatest national treasure! Are you going to let her get away with that!?
Millie: What? That's not true at all, Jeanie! The only thing I'm dissing here is him, okay? You understand, don't you... Onii-chan!?
Yuuji: ...Don't call me that... You're older than me, for crying out loud...
Eddie: ...In any case, the enemy raid last week resulted in eight KIAs. They've been badly shorthanded for some time here, so your arrival will be very welcome.
Danny: Nice to know, but... who's leading our platoon, anyway?
Eddie: Second lieutenant Justin Mikemeyer is in command.
Danny: "Justin," huh...? Can't say I like the sound of that...
Millie: Mikemeyer...? Reminds me of that steakhouse, "Meyer's." Kind of a tasty name.
Robbie: You're right on the money. According to the data, Second Lt. Justin Mikemeyer isn't merely the leader of our platoon...
Robbie: He's also a member of the family that owns the all-American steakhouse chain, Meyer's New York Steak.
Danny: Not only a "Justin," but a rich boy, too...? I'm likin' this guy less by the second...
Eddie: Don't be so closeminded, Daniel. Our commanding officer may be... very slightly unusual, but he's still a truly splendid individual.
Danny: No surprise there. Rich guys are always weirdos. If they ain't homos or pedos, they're probably sadistics racist. He the sort who does a happy little song and dance number before he starts torturing his prisoners?
Eddie: The man volunteered to serve. He has no need of the scholarship funds provided to veterans, and he wasn't forced into the military by his economic circumstances. I find such bravery to be admirable.
Robbie: Ah, I see your point. That's definitely not something a clever person would do.
Robbie: So he's a Justin with a thing for justice, huh? How appropriate. Can't say I'm too eager to work under a hero...
Millie: Well, some heroes are easier to deal with than others. Where does Mr. Justice fall on the scale?
Eddie: The man himself isn't particularly fond of his name... as far as I can tell, he certainly doesn't seem to have an obsession with "justice"...
Yuuji: Anyway, is that all that's "unusual" about him?
Eddie: ...He was a physician attached to a platoon of combat engineers, but apparently everyone else in that unit died in battle, and he ended up assuming command of our mixed platoon. Kind of unusual to have a doctor in charge, right?
Yuuji: Well, it wouldn't happen in my country, at least... Is there some reason behind that?
Eddie: The lieutenant says the command was forced on him by the battalion S-1. At the moment, the shortage of officers seems to be particularly acute... in any case, it would probably be best to ask the man himself if you're curious.
Narration: *I don't know why this is exactly, but for some reason the military seems to attract a lot of eccentrics.*
Narration: *If you look at it from another angle... I guess it's just that "normal" people tend to find more pleasant careers.*
Narration: *I certainly wasn't a normal person, and neither was anyone else I knew here. So hearing that my new commanding officer was a bit strange didn't elicit much of a response from me...*
Narration: *...apart from a disinterested "Hmm, good to know."*
Narration: *But at the same time, I did find myself feeling a small bit of gratitude towards the Navy for its "broad-minded" acceptance of the... less conventional members of society.*
Lieutenant J: ...Okay! This here is the special-operations platoon attached to B Company of the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit. We're also known as the "Unwanted Kids Platoon." Welcome, everyone!
Lieutenant J: I happen to be the commander here! Second lieutenant Justin Mikemeyer's the name, and I'm a military physician by trade! Haha, feel free to call me "J." Pretend we've been buddies for a decade!
Danny: ...Unwanted Kids...?
Lieutenant J: Hmm... Don't like it? We're a mixed platoon specially convened in the field, so there isn't actually an official name for us yet...
Lieutenant J: Anyway, I'm a little anxious about finding the words to explain this, but... I guess it's important to get off on the right foot. Let me put this to you frankly and concisely: you're all unwanted kids!
Lieutenant J: Errr... you all got through junior high, right? I'm sure you've been to a summer camp or two in your time.
Lieutenant J: You know, where groups of friends form their little teams, and the self-important teenage counselors boss everyone around, and they make you participate in educational outdoor activities...
Millie: I don't think anyone here spent much time goin' to school, actually...
Lieutenant J: Very true! What a pickle... How can I explain this?
Lieutenant J: Okay, right, here's the important part. When the teacher says "team up with anyone you want," there's always a few kids in the class who get left over at the end, right?
Lieutenant J: That would be you. The leftovers nobody else wants. Make sense?
Robbie: ...Well, now I'm remembering some things I rather wouldn't. Don't mind me if I start lashing out at random...
Lieutenant J: A punk car thief, a tramp who "worked" in a bar bathroom, and an otaku narcissist who can't love anything that isn't two-dimensional...
Lieutenant J: A walking potato who's strong but brainless, and a cowardly sniper who can't kill people. I'm genuinely impressed they managed to find such a collection of rejects.
Lieutenant J: Of course, I myself am an idiot who rebelled against his parents, tried to become a dentist, and somehow ended up as a military doctor instead... If anything, I'm probably the single biggest moron in this room.
Lieutenant J: I couldn't stand the course my parents had set me on, so I dropped out of college. Something about the "guaranteed future" they'd dropped into my lap really got on my nerves...
Lieutenant J: One day, I looked around me and realized... 
Lieutenant J: I'd been living my whole life as a spectator, detached from the problems of anyone less fortunate than me. I could see how stunted I was as a person, and I hated it. So I decided to blaze my own path through life, see?
Lieutenant J: Anyway, that's how I ended up in the military, but... my god, I was naive. A naive, clueless kid... right now, I'd like nothing better than to travel back in time and punch myself square in the face!
Lieutenant J: ...The military and the battlefield alike demand hard-headed realism. Ideals and wishful thinking hold no power here.
Lieutenant J: In fact, they'll only slow you down... This place taught me just how meaningless fancy words truly are.
Lieutenant J: There's no such thing as "justice" on a battlefield. And that's why I've come to hate my own name!
Lieutenant J: In the face of pure realism, the word it contains is a downright lie! I'd feed it to the damn pigs if I could!
Lieutenant J: Uh... errr... hmm. Where was I again?
Eddie: ...You were telling us that you'd like to feed your name to the pigs, sir...
Lieutenant J: What? Did I say that? Oh, right. Thanks, Eddie... Uhm, well... guess none of that really matters, huh...? *Sniffle*...
Millie: ...Uh, hey, I didn't really wanna say anything, but... this guy's definitely on something, right?
Lieutenant J: Hrrrm, this is going nowhere... I'm just not thinking straight... Right, I need coffee. Coffee! Alison! Make me some coffee, Alison!
Eddie: Lieutenant, sir... PFC Alison was killed in action during the night raid last week...
Lieutenant J: Oh, really...? That's no good... Who's going to make the coffee for me now? I don't even know where my spare socks are without her... Really, this is a problem...
Lieutenant J: Hm? Hmm? Hmmmmmmm... Of course. As long as nobody else dies, there won't be any more problems like this, right...? Yes! Let's go with that!
Lieutenant J: Okay then! I have a question for you people! There are three occupations in which stubbornly refusing to give up will win you praise. Number one: scientist. Number two: debt collector. What is number three!?
Danny: ...What?
Millie: ...Okay, what does this guy usually mix into his coffee before he drinks it?
Lieutenant J: Hurry up and answer, please! Only five seconds left! Here goes... Five... four... three... two...
Robbie: H-Hold on, I'll look it up online...
Lieutenant J: This is a battlefield! People who think things over instead of taking immediate action end up dead! Kazami! What say you!?
Yuuji: ...The answer's "soldier."
Lieutenant J: Yes! It's so! Perfect response! You've earned yourself a cool 2000 dollars, for starters! Congratulations!
Yuuji: ...What are you getting at, exactly?
Lieutenant J: In the military, my friends, the stupidly tough and stubborn grunts are the ones who get the shiny medals. But when a battle's lost, it's lost. Run when you need to run. That's the motto of our platoon! Understood!?
Danny: Hey, what!? Are you telling us to turn tail in the face of the enemy!?
Lieutenant J: No need to turn tail! Tell me, have you heard of the noble bush dog?
Millie: ...What the heck is a "bush dog"...?
Lieutenant J: A bush dog is a bush dog is a bush dog! They're sly and clever animals. When things get rough, they're supposedly able to run backward at full speed without even turning around!
Lieutenant J: That's our goal, my friends. Stay smart, fight dirty, and when things look bad, retreat with our guns still pointing at the enemy! Whoooo! Talk about awesome!
Lieutenant J: ...All right! As of today, at the present time, our "Unwanted Kids Platoon" has been renamed the "Bush Dog Platoon"! No objections, I assume!?
Danny: Uh... well, you're in charge here, I guess... Do whatever you want...
Lieutenant J: Okay then, it's decided! In celebration of our new name, let's raise a shout of victory! Everyone hold your guns up high and howl with all your might! Here goes... Nafoooooo!!
Millie: Uh, "Nafoo"...? Is that the way bush dogs sound when they howl?
Robbie: Nah. Judging from the videos online, it's more of a shrill sound. Kinda like the warning squeaks of a prairie dog, actually...
Lieutenant J: What's the matter!? Get howling!
Yuuji: I don't really get it, but this clearly isn't going to end until we howl, so let's just play along...
Lieutenant J: All right, let's try that one again! Bush Dog Platooooon! Ahead! Ahead! Go back ahead! I say nafoooooooo!
Everyone: ...Nafooooooo!!
Narration: *―Well, I'd landed in a pretty crazy place this time, for sure.*
Narration: *There was no one here except idiots, cowards, and lunatics. And unless I relied on them, I wouldn't survive. That was just a fact.*
Narration: *Dramatically christening ourselves the "Bush Dog Platoon" was all well and good, but the Marines still saw us as a slapped-together hodgepodge of loose ends. In other words, we were a "disposable" unit.*
Narration: *A single phone call or slip of paper could send us hopping from right to left. They'd use us and abuse us until we simply wore out.*
Narration: *Soon enough, we really were being mobilized all over the place, usually in the role of reinforcements.*
Narration: *On one particularly aggravating occasion, they gave us two weeks' worth of food and ammo, then sent us into the mountains to hunt guerrillas, while also installing underground sensors known as "tablets" all over the place.*
Narration: *No matter how we buried those things, they just kept getting dug up by the enemy. So we buried them again and again; and whenever we encountered the guerrillas, we had no choice but to fight.*
Narration: *It didn't matter if rain was falling, or if the wind was howling. They didn't care if it was morning or night. They didn't care if we were eating or shitting. The attacks came at all hours, without warning.*
Narration: *We established a sentry rotation for when we camped at night, but on rainy days, our eyesight wasn't any more effective than our sensors. Eventually, we began to sleep sprawled out on the ground with our equipment still on.*
Robbie: ...The tabs won't be very effective because of the topography around here. You sure we don't need a sentry?
Danny: Don't get all twitchy. Look at Shorty... He's at least pretending to sleep, right?
Danny: In the military, guys who stay up when you tell 'em to rest aren't any better than the guys who run when you tell 'em to charge. Catch your breath while you can...
Eddie: ...When he sleeps lying flat on the ground like that, it almost looks like he's dead...
Millie: Don't be stupid... Jeanie's not gonna die that easily...
Millie: Look closely. He's face-down with his ear pressed against the ground, see...? When you sleep like that, you'll notice the enemy's footsteps right away... Sorta like a human "tablet."
Eddie: ...I see... Instructor Kazami never fails to impress. Even his method of sleep is enlightening... I'll have to try that as well...
Yuuji: .........
Millie: Oh... he woke up...
Yuuji: ...Where's the lieutenant?
Danny: Said he was going to take a dump before he slept. Hasn't come back yet...
Yuuji: Someone go call for him... The enemy's approaching...
Danny: Seriously...? Eddie, go get the lieutenant, will you?
Eddie: ...Of course...
Robbie: ...It's true... I'm picking up a faint response on the tab 800 meters out, relative orientation 270...
Lieutenant J: What's the matter...? Is it the enemy?
Danny: Not sure yet, but Shorty thinks so...
Lieutenant J: Hrm... What do you say, Robbie...?
Robbie: There was definitely a response from the tab, but not a very clear one... Could just be a wild animal or something...
Millie: Well, I trust Jeanie.
Lieutenant J: Yes, I think I do as well. It's the enemy.
Eddie: Shall we make a run for it again...?
Lieutenant J: Yes, let's do that. Reverse formation Alpha. Kazami, you take point as we retreat.
Yuuji: Roger...
Lieutenant J: Well then, only question is which way to run... Robbie, show me the layout of our forces...
Robbie: The last update was two hours ago, but... given the hour, I doubt there's been any major changes since then...
Lieutenant J: Hmmm. In that case, let's run due east. Second Company is positioned over in that direction. We'll confirm the size of the enemy force as we retreat and feed it to them over the radio.
Robbie: We'll lead the enemy into an ambush, then?
Lieutenant J: Yep, exactly... This is really annoying, so let's get it over with pronto. I'm sick of playing tag all night long... Fwaaah...
Narration: *The Bush Dog Platoon, and its ability to retreat "backwards" in the face of potent guerrilla units, eventually became fairly well-known across the battalion.*
Narration: *Once HQ knew they had an effective piece of "bait" on their hands, we began to receive many orders to assume that role in an operational capacity.*
Narration: *But of course, our enemy wasn't stupid either. The more we used our basic strategy, the less effective it became.*
Yuuji: ...Bleeeeh!
Narration: *Even in the darkness, my stomach nearly turned itself out every time I shot an enemy.*
Narration: *Whether I could see them or not didn't really matter.*
Narration: *Every time I pulled the trigger, I was picturing the moment my shot would reach the "target."*
Narration: *Staring through my scope at a field of inky blackness, I'd fire my rifle while imagining the impact that would follow.*
Narration: *That alone was sufficient to get my puking party started.*
Danny: Hey, Shorty! You all right!?
Yuuji: ...Not at all... Feels like I'm going to spit my stomach out... and my head's pounding...
Danny: The guys behind are on their way to reinforce us... Just hang in there a little longer!
Yuuji: ...How... much...?
Danny: Robbie!!
Robbie: ...It'll be another 20 minutes or so! We'll join up with them as we retreat!
Yuuji: Not what I meant... How much... of the enemy unit is left...? How many more of them... do I have to kill...?
Lieutenant J: Hmmm, let's see... If you kill another 17, I think that should wipe them out. Think you can manage that?
Yuuji: Haha, that's a lot... I don't have nearly that many bullets left...
Lieutenant J: Okay then! Let's pool our ammo. Anyone have any 7.62mm left? You know, the 51 millimeter cartridges?
Danny: That's crazy talk! Shorty's gonna fall apart at this rate!
Yuuji: Danny... dump some leaves and dirt on my back, will you...? I'll stay here and act as a static gunner...
Danny: Don't be a fuckin' moron! I'd rather die than leave a buddy behind!
Danny: Listen up, Shorty! Buddies don't betray each other! And they sure as hell don't abandon each other! Not till the bitter end!!
Yuuji: ...Hahah... You're so cool, Danny...
Danny: Don't give me that, dumbass... If you've got the energy to laugh, then use it to stand up...
Millie: Jeanie!! I swiped some ammo from a dead enemy's G3! You can use these, right!? Look how many I got!
Danny: ...What the hell are you doing, Millie!? You tryin' to kill Shorty!?
Millie: Hm? Are you out of it already, Jeanie? I'll give you lots of love once we're done, so tough it out a little longer.
Danny: ...Millie!!
Yuuji: ...Haha... Right... Can't embarrass myself in front of a girl... It's fine... I can keep killing...
Millie: Yeah! That's my Jeanie, all right! As long as you're around, I'm not scared of anything they throw at us!
Millie: ...So... hang in there, okay? Don't give up...
Yuuji: Well, this is no time to be lying around puking, I guess... Let me have those bullets...
Lieutenant J: All right. Let's see... We've got nine 7.62 mm rounds, thanks to Milliela here. We're going to give all of them to you. I'd like you to kill nine enemies with them. Think you can handle that?
Yuuji: No problem... I'll kill... nine more... It's fine... I'll kill them... no matter what...
Lieutenant J: All right then. Kazami, you're going to stay here and act as a stationary gunner. Want to take one of your little helpers?
Yuuji: ...I don't need any drugs...
Lieutenant J: Oh, really!? That's good to hear! As a matter of fact, we're out of them anyway! Ha ha ha!
Danny: You think this is funny, man!? If we're leaving Shorty here, then I'm staying too!
Lieutenant J: Ah, you misunderstand. We are leaving him here, yes, but the rest of us will advance.
Danny: ...Advance...?
Lieutenant J: Can't go abandoning a "buddy," after all. We'll bring the fight to the enemy, with Kazami as our final line of defense!
Danny: ...Now that's what I'm talking about, J. You really are a nutjob, aren't you...?
Lieutenant J: Don't get the wrong idea, now! I'm not planning to have us skip merrily into hell together!
Lieutenant J: The instant the reinforcements arrive, we run! As fast as we can! But until then, we hold out... proactively! Simple as that! Robbie!!
Robbie: ...If we wait for them here without retreating... it should be about 30 minutes...
Lieutenant J: Okay. We'll hold out here for 30 minutes, and if the reinforcements don't make it time, I'll carry Kazami as we retreat. Should work out somehow, right?
Yuuji: ...Sorry to make a nuisance of myself...
Lieutenant J: Who's going to make my coffee tomorrow if you're not around? You scratch my back, and I'll scratch yours.
Millie: That's touching and all, but if we're going we need to hurry! Eddie's gonna get killed holding our rear!
Lieutenant J: All right then, Bush Dog Platoon! We're launching our counterattack!
Everyone: Nafooooooo!!
Lieutenant J: ...*Sigh*...
Lieutenant J: ...Can you do this, Kazami?
Yuuji: ...Nine's going to be tough... I'm starting to see blood in my vomit. If I throw up again, I won't be eating anything for a while...
Lieutenant J: ...Are you ready?
Yuuji: ...There's no time... Just do it...
Lieutenant J: ...Close your eyes, Kazami Yuuji.
Narration: *―My eyes were spinning.*
Narration: *The darkness was so profound that I could barely even see the bed of earth I laid on.*
Narration: *Whether my eyes were open or shut made surprisingly little difference as to what I "saw."*
Narration: *The fact that I could feel them "spinning" anyway probably meant my sense of balance was beginning to go haywire.*
Narration: *However, the darkness wasn't solely a negative thing.*
Narration: *It meant I didn't have to see anything I didn't need to. When you see nothing, it's easier to control what you visualize.*
Lieutenant J: ...Can you hear me, Kazami Yuuji? Can you see what's in front of you, Kazami Yuuji...?
Lieutenant J: In this moment, right before your eyes... your comrades are fighting the enemy...
Yuuji: ...My comrades...
Lieutenant J: That's right... Men and women with eyes just like yours. You've seen the same things, eaten the same food, fought the same enemies, and shed the same tears... They're your dear friends...
Yuuji: ...Dear... friends...
Lieutenant J: Daniel Bone is a crude man, but he's also caring and loyal... He's something like a mischievous big brother to you...
Lieutenant J: Milliela Stanfield... Robert Wolson... Edward Walker... they're all your comrades. Your family, really...
Lieutenant J: ...And right now, they're fighting desperately to protect you from the enemy...
Yuuji: ...The enemy...
Lieutenant J: That's right... the enemy. You can see them now, can't you? They aren't really humans, these enemies... They're giant green "pigs"...
Lieutenant J: You need to take those pigs out, Kazami Yuuji...
Lieutenant J: ...People who can't be ruthless when it's necessary are nothing more than hypocrites who want someone else to do the dirty work for them...
Lieutenant J: You vomit whenever you kill. You nearly faint whenever you pull the trigger. It's awful, isn't it? But that's the nature of war, Kazami Yuuji...
Lieutenant J: Will you live on in weakness... or die with your head held high? This is your decision... What's it going to be?
Yuuji: ...I'll kill them... I'll kill the pigs...
Lieutenant J: Very good... Fight, then. I'll take full responsibility... Kill, Kazami Yuuji. I authorize you to kill.
Yuuji: ...Thank you...
Lieutenant J: ...One bear, for starters...
Narration: *―I'm sick of it...*
Lieutenant J: ...Now the second...
Narration: *―I'm sick of quivering with fear...*
Lieutenant J: ...Now the third...
Narration: *―Of sitting by, helpless...*
Lieutenant J: ...Now the fourth...
Narration: *―Of watching people I care about die...*
Lieutenant J: ...Now the fifth...
Narration: *―I've had enough of that for one life...*
Lieutenant J: ...Now the sixth...
Narration: *―There's no point in living... if all I can do is cower in fear...*
Lieutenant J: ...Now the seventh...
Narration: *―I'll kill them all...*
Lieutenant J: ...Now the eighth...
Narration: *―Danny... Millie... Robbie... Eddie... They're all my comrades... my friends...*
Lieutenant J: ...Last one... Number nine...
Narration: *―Anyone who wants to take them away is my enemy...*
Narration: *―I'll kill... every last one of these pigs...*
Lieutenant J: ...Well done, Kazami Yuuji! You're really the best! You're tired, aren't you!? You can rest now!
Narration: *―Not yet... There are still pigs left... The pigs just keep coming... I have to kill them... I have to kill so many more...*
Lieutenant J: You can rest now! Rest! Kazami Yuuji, that's an order!!
Yuuji: .........
Lieutenant J: ...That's enough... Thank you, Kazami Yuuji... Leave the rest to us... You can sleep now...
Yuuji: .........
Lieutenant J: ...Thank you...
Narration: *―My eyes were spinning.*
Narration: *The world was spinning around and around me.*
Narration: *And in time, my mind fell silently into darkness, as if sinking into the mud deep at the bottom of the sea.*
Narration: *Lulled by the sounds of a battle taking place somewhere very far away, I fell calmly into a peaceful sleep.*
Narration: *In time, some part of my deeply unconscious mind recognized the sound of a song, and my eyes opened once more.*
Narration: *I felt terrible.*
Narration: *There was a painful heaviness in my head, and the back of my nose was aching. I probably had a fever.*
Narration: *A smell like burning plastic was lingering deep in my nostrils. It was a very familiar feeling; someone had most likely given me a dose of anti-inflammatory medication. *
Yuuji: .........
Millie: ...Are you awake?
Yuuji: ...What happened with the battle...? How many days has it been...? Where are the others...?
Millie: Calm down, Jeanie... It's over now...
Yuuji: ...Over...?
Millie: By the time our reinforcements joined up with us, the enemy was already running for it...
Yuuji: I see... Is everyone all right?
Millie: Yeah, thanks to you taking out nine of them for us... Everyone's grateful, y'know... Danny kept telling us to believe in you...
Yuuji: So... it's over... I survived again, huh...?
Millie: You're not gonna die, Jeanie. You've got me... and you've got your buddies. When things get bad, just run away... at full speed, with your face to the enemy. We're the Bush Dog Platoon, remember?
Yuuji: ...Sorry for the trouble, Milliela...
Millie: You can't get up yet, Jeanie!
Yuuji: I'm fine...
Millie: Well, I'm not. I want to stay like this... Please?
Yuuji: ...Just a little longer, then...
Millie: ...Right...
Millie: By the way... you can let go of your gun now, okay...? The pigs are all gone now...
Yuuji: .........
Narration: *―The "pigs" were dead.*
Narration: *From what Milliela said, I'd apparently killed exactly nine enemies, but I didn't remember it that clearly. It almost felt like I'd just woken up after a long nightmare.*
Narration: *Killing was something I did alone. Maybe that's why it made me sick.*
Narration: *It was different when my comrades were with me - following the same road, taking in the same sights. When I was with them, I could see things I was ordinarily blind to.*
Narration: *I could even see myself, the way I really was, reflected in their eyes.*
Narration: *As long as I could see their faces, know they'd survived, I could convince myself that I was doing the right thing.*
Narration: *―After two months or so in a war zone, you get used to a lot of things.*
Narration: *And at the same time, you start to grow numb in a lot of ways.*
Narration: *A bit of gunfire no longer startles you. An explosion nearby no longer makes your heart jump.*
Narration: *You learn how to make your dwindling rations last longer. Stripping weapons and ammo from the corpses of enemy soldiers becomes routine. And when you're done killing, you head for the nearest town to sleep with women.*
Narration: *We'd seen lots of things no one should have to see. We'd done lots of things no one should have to do.*
Narration: *We'd learned that people kept moving for a little while when you blew their heads off. For a moment, it had surprised us; then we'd started to laugh.*
Narration: *Everything about this place was insane.*
Lieutenant J: Alison! Make some coffee, please! Alisoooon!
Yuuji: ...How many times do I need to tell you Alison's dead? Get used to living without her already, J...
Lieutenant J: Oh, right... Hahaha... Of course... Sorry, Kazami, but would you mind making me some coffee?
Yuuji: We don't have much left... Make sure you savor it...
Narration: *By the time you start talking about the death of your comrades as if it's a joke, the paralysis has already set in.*
Narration: *When violent death becomes commonplace, it's nearly impossible to stay "sane."*
Narration: *At the time of our arrival, we'd all thought Lt. Mikemeyer was deranged; but by now, he was starting to seem like one of the more moderate cases.*
Narration: *Next week, a fresh wave of reinforcements would be arriving from the rear.*
Narration: *No doubt they'd look at us and see a bunch of "complete lunatics."*
Narration: *And of course, they'd ask the same question that new arrivals always asked.*
New Soldier: What do you think? Are we winning here?
Danny: Dunno... If you wanna compare the number of kills on both sides, we're probably a little ahead.
New Soldier: Okay, but what counts as a "win" in this war? What are we trying to do?
Danny: That's not something you need to know, or even think about. Grunts like us do just as we're told, the way they tell us to do it. Didn't they teach you that in school?
Narration: *Once you grow accustomed to the battlefield, details like "where you are" and "who you're fighting against" start to seem increasingly insignificant.*
Narration: *The only thing that matters is that you and your buddies are still alive for now.*
Narration: *But of course, if someone you ate breakfast with in the morning is gone by nightfall, it doesn't exactly come as a shock.*
Narration: *That was just the nature of this place. It was hard to accept, but easy enough to understand.*
Narration: *In the midst of this pervasive atmosphere of resignation... or perhaps "fatalism"... I heard a story from one of my platoon mates.*
Robbie: Hey, guys... ever heard the one about the man with the sewn-up mouth?
Danny: The hell? What kind of story is that?
Robbie: So this was back in WWII, right? This crew member on a Navy fighter plane was injured when a Zero shot him down...
Robbie: He hit his face against his instruments and needed stitches. They patched him up on an island in the south Pacific where there weren't enough medics to go around... Long story short, he got his whole mouth sewed shut.
Robbie: Eventually, the man recovered from his injuries and resumed his duty as a fighter plane crewmember, but his mouth still couldn't open. He couldn't complain or make excuses.
Robbie: Of course, they took advantage of this to ship him off on all sorts of dangerous missions, where he saw countless comrades die terrible deaths...
Robbie: When the war finally reached its end, the man went home alive, bringing with him mementoes of his dead friends. But until the very end, he never spoke a single word about the war... What do you think? Pretty funny, right?
Millie: The hell's so funny about that?
Robbie: Oh, c'mon. The reason he survived is because he never said anything, no matter what he saw or experienced... In the military, guys who keep their mouths shut are the ones who survive. That's the point.
Eddie: ...What a terrible story. There's nothing amusing about it.
Yuuji: Still, it's probably got the right message...
Danny: "Right" and "wrong" don't mean shit in a war zone...
Narration: *In time, our Bush Dog Platoon completed its period of deployment, and we returned to the United States.*
Narration: *The things we saw, and the things we did, probably don't bear repeating.*
Narration: *That's how terrible they were. How terrible that place was.*
Narration: *But now that I had completed my second-term "practical" training, my pre-existing orders were to return immediately to Japan, where I'd begin training for appointment as a member of CIRS.*
Captain Garrett: Are you really stuck on the idea of going back? With your skills, there'd be plenty of work for you here if you want it.
Yuuji: I appreciate it, but... Asako's in Japan, you know...?
Narration: *Although she'd accompanied me on the trip over to America, Asako apparently hadn't found her job as a hunting school instructor particularly enjoyable.*
Narration: *According to JB, she'd returned to Japan around the same time my second-term deployment was decided.*
Narration: *Right now... I just wanted to see Asako as soon as I possibly could.*
Yuuji: It's not like I'm that attached to Japan, but... it's still my home country, I guess...
Captain Garrett: All right... I won't bother trying to convince you to stay, then...
Yuuji: If there's ever a job only I can do, just give me a call... Depending on your terms, I'll come help out anytime.
Captain Garrett: ...Haha... Pretty damn full of yourself for some "bush dog" from a disposable platoon.
Yuuji: Guess I figured I could get away with it by now... Anyway, I think I need to get going... Thanks for everything, Annie.
Captain Garrett: Don't call me Annie when I'm in uniform, you idiot...
Yuuji: Captain Agnes Garrett! Thank you for everything! I, Corporal Kazami Yuuji, hope to be of service to you again!
Captain Garrett: Indeed! Watch yourself out there!
Danny: You're not going to see him off? Your precious "Jeanie" is goin' back to Japan for good, you know...?
Millie: It's fine... I already said my goodbyes yesterday...
Millie: ...How about you? Aren't you going to see him off?
Danny: Don't think a tearful farewell with a dude is gonna do much for him. More of a woman's role, probably...
Danny: Hey... you really all right with this...?
Millie: God, you're persistent... It's fine. Not like he'd enjoy gettin' a big farewell from a girl he rejected, either...
Danny: Heh... So you finally admit he rejected you, huh...?
Millie: Shut up. Get lost already, you stupid shithead...
Danny: ...Sorry to bother you. I'm headin' back to work. If you're gonna cry, do me a favor and wait till I'm gone, all right?
Millie: ...Shut up, dumbass...
Narration: *    We couldn't be together forever.*
Narration: *    I knew that more or less from the start.*
Narration: *    It's best I don't see him again.*
Narration: *    I understand that better than anyone else.*
Narration: *    If I saw him right now, 　I'd probably turn into one hell of a pathetic woman.*
Narration: *    I'd blurt out things better left unsaid, 　the way pathetic women always do.*
Narration: *    I'd become the kind of selfish asshole 　who just makes life harder for the person she loves.*
Narration: *    I've held back way too long to ruin everything now. 　I'd definitely regret it in the end.*
Narration: *    So right now, all I can do is pray.*
Narration: *    ...God, bring my Jeanie good fortune...*
Narration: *    Give him all the happiness in the world, if you can...*
Narration: *    Please, from the bottom of my heart―*
Narration: *    ―Make the road ahead of him a truly happy one.*
Narration: *My arrival had been sudden; my departure was equally so. When I went to the airport listed on my orders from CIRS, I found a handful of planes standing by to return a number of Japanese workers to their country.*
Narration: *Joining the group of workers, I boarded at dusk; after a bit of almost reluctant circling, the plane turned its nose toward Japan and flew off.*
Narration: *And soon, on a somewhat blustery day, I made my way back to that mountain with my face to the wind.*
Narration: *Not knowing the purpose of my life, or what I could even accomplish with it, I'd set off boldly on an ambitious journey. And in the end, I wasn't bringing anything like an answer home with me. *
Narration: *But even so, when I looked back on it now... it hadn't all been terror and pain.*
Narration: *Something about the sight of this familiar mountain trail made me feel like my old life was waiting for me here, just as it had been; and I found a small sense of happiness growing inside me.*
Narration: *When I reached the cabin, Asako was sitting on the stairs outside, drinking a beer. Just like she always did... waiting for me.*
Asako: ...Hey. You're back sooner than I expected...
Yuuji: ...Asako...
Asako: Welcome home. Looks like your face got a bit manlier, huh?
Narration: *Nothing had changed.*
Narration: *I hadn't been able to change anything about myself.*
Narration: *But even so, when I saw Asako's face, and realized she hadn't changed a bit... I felt tears welling up in my eyes.*
Narration: *I didn't even know why.*
Narration: *I was just so relieved.*
Narration: *For some reason, the tears just wouldn't stop.*
Narration: *―I'd thought it was impossible for someone like me to live a "normal" life, no matter how I tried.*
Narration: *The biggest problem, of course, was that I didn't know what "a normal life" even meant.*
Narration: *But Asako was here for me...*
Narration: *She'd waited to welcome me "home"...*
Narration: *Her cooking was as shockingly terrible as ever...*
Narration: *But somehow, it was the most delicious garbage I'd ever tasted...*
Narration: *These trivial little things were probably what "normal" was...*
Narration: *I finally, finally understood that now...*
Narration: *And in this moment, I realized for the first time... that my life no longer seemed quite so "meaningless"...*
Yuuji: ...Asako... I...
Asako: ...Hahah. C'mon now, don't cry... What's the matter? Was it that bad?
Yuuji: Asako... for the first time in my life, I'm... glad to be alive...
Asako: ...All right then. It's been a while, so... why don't we have sex?
Yuuji: ...Yeah!!
Narration: *For three days after that, I threw myself at Asako passionately.*
Narration: *Asako's smell...*
Narration: *Asako's softness...*
Narration: *It all filled me with nostalgia, and I drowned myself in it.*
Narration: *I realized, in those three days, that "normalcy" wasn't about your environment, or your circumstances. It was about the people you shared them with.*
Narration: *I'd come back home.*
Narration: *I'd come back to this woman... to Kusakabe Asako.*
Narration: *All that crap about "national defense" was nothing more than a facade.*
Narration: *The only thing I really wanted to defend was a single person.*
Yuuji: Hey... Asako...
Asako: ...Hm?
Yuuji: ...Is there anything I can do with myself...?
Asako: You can do whatever you want to, kid...
Yuuji: Look... I know this sounds pathetic, but... I just don't know how to use the rest of my life...
Yuuji: So I'll just... give it all to you, Asako...
Asako: .........
Yuuji: ...Asako...?
Asako: Hahah... I don't want it, moron...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Guess I shouldn't have expected her to spoil me that rotten.*
Narration: *She was probably telling me... a man should be able to figure out the path he's going to follow for himself.*
Narration: *And so, I decided to climb the slope known as Ichigaya.*

Narration: *XXXX XX, 20XX, XX:XX*
Narration: *I'd completed my training period in America and gained actual combat experience, but back in Japan, they weren't about to shake my hand and immediately appoint me an active member of CIRS.*
Narration: *Japan had its own set of rules, and I couldn't work there until I obtained the necessary qualifications.*
Narration: *It's a lot like a driver's license. When you move to a new country, you have to pass that country's tests.*
Narration: *In order to obtain my domestic "license," I needed to train with a newly-formed special ops unit based in Narashino - and earn an evaluation of "excellent" for my specialized skills.*
Kuwahara: So you're the newbie from the Marines, then?
Yuuji: ...How did you know, sir...?
Kuwahara: The back of your hand faces forward when you march. In Japan, we march with them facing to the side...
Kuwahara: ...They warned me in advance, but you really are just a kid. You've got mean eyes for such a pipsqueak...
Yuuji: They're the eyes of someone who's killed before, sir!
Kuwahara: Yeah, I believe it... To be frank, I'm not planning to mix someone like you in with my people. Just do what you're here for, and leave when you're done. You understand what the word "just" means, right?
Yuuji: Sir! Yes, sir!
Kuwahara: Do things however you like. You've got the exercise list, right? It's the A course today. Get to it!
Yuuji: Sir! Yes, sir!
Narration: *Being neglected completely wasn't so bad. It was a lot less stressful, for one thing.*
Narration: *For the most part, I silently carried out my training as directed by the exercise list, recorded my own results, and presented them to the instructor.*
Narration: *That said, I couldn't risk getting sloppy just because I wasn't being observed.*
Narration: *One day, I looked over to find that Instructor Kuwahara was watching me even as he directed the other trainees who'd been chosen for his team.*
Kuwahara: Corporal Kazami! Come here and give us a good example!
Yuuji: ...Yes? What do you need, sir?
Kuwahara: Kindly demonstrate the difference between an American-trained soldier and those of us who can't protect our own nation without foreign help. Muto! You'll be his opponent!
Muto: Yessir!!
Narration: *I was familiar with this "Muto" who'd responded energetically to the instructor's orders.*
Narration: *I'd met him on my first day in Narashino, as I was packing my belongings into my locker among the other team members...*
Team Member A: What's your deal? You look really young. Where'd you come from?
Muto: Cut it out. That guy's foreign capital. Better keep your distance...
Team Member A: ...Foreign capital? What's that supposed to mean? You know this guy, Muto-san...?
Muto: ...No, I don't. But "foreign capital" is exactly what it sounds like. He's the property of a foreign-funded organization... Akasaka, in other words. I wouldn't get too friendly.
Team Member A: Sorry, I'm kind of a moron. Could you give me the simpler version...?
Muto: The guy might be Japanese by birth, but he's a locally-procured CIA operative.
Team Member A: ...Seriously? What the hell... This guy's an American spy or something?
Muto: Don't underestimate him just because he's a shrimp. If foreign capital picked him up, that means he's bad news.
Team Member A: ...What d'you mean, "bad news"...?
Muto: Well, he's probably killed a few people. Supposedly, most of the guys foreign capital takes in are ex-terrorists or brutal criminals who could've gotten the death penalty.
Muto: They want people who won't hesitate to pull the trigger, so picking up trash like that makes life a lot easier for them...
Narration: *―Well, I understood that he hated me.*
Narration: *Everyone else had worked their way through an extended curriculum, earned all sorts of qualifications, and endured a harsh gauntlet of selection exams to secure their place here.*
Narration: *It can't have been too pleasant to see someone strolling casually through the door with nothing except a bit of practical experience abroad.*
Narration: *The instructor probably wanted to throw us against each other in order to establish a clear "hierarchy" within the unit.*
Kuwahara: The two of you are going to engage in a hand-to-hand combat drill.
Kuwahara: Listen up, Kazami. My boy Muto here is a "hot stock" who's been producing some of the best results of anyone in my squads. In fact, the instructors are so bullish on the guy that we're calling him Mr. Blue-Chip.
Kuwahara: I'd like you to show everyone exactly how our leading investment stacks up against an American "murder machine." Got that, Kazami!?
Yuuji: ...Yes!
Kuwahara: Hey, Blue-Chip! You're good to go, right!? Don't embarrass me! Show 'em what a badge-holder's made of!
Muto: Hoo-ah!!!
Kuwahara: Free use of weaponry is permitted! Training daggers are authorized! Begin!!
Narration: *Even as the words were leaving our instructor's mouth, Muto reached to his waist, unsheathed a blunt knife with its teeth ground off, and took his stance. There were roughly three meters between us.*
Narration: *"...Damn..."*
Narration: *I clicked my tongue in irritation, resisting the urge to curse out loud.*
Narration: *The "training dagger" we'd been authorized to use wasn't available to me at present.*
Narration: *I'd taken my knife off along with my hip bag before going prone for rifle practice. It was still lying in my padded gun case halfway across the yard.*
Narration: *"Somehow, I doubt they're going to let me run over to get it..."*
Narration: *When you're on a battlefield, making excuses isn't exactly an option.*
Narration: *If this was a simulation of actual combat, the instructor was presumably evaluating our ability to make use of the cards we'd been dealt.*
Narration: *"...This is going to be a little tricky..."*
Narration: *As someone trained in their usage from a very young age, I knew exactly how dangerous "blades" could be.*
Narration: *They aren't any good outside of their range, but... where a bullet follows a straightforward trajectory, a knife comes at you in unpredictable arcs. In close combat, it's hard to overstate how threatening that is.*
Narration: *On top of which... my opponent's physique was clearly superior to my own.*
Narration: *At a glance, he was probably only two or three years older than me. But when you're young, that can translate to a truly massive difference in physical strength.*
Narration: *"...I'm going to be at a disadvantage if this drags on too long..."*
Narration: *I immediately turned my body to hide my "dominant" right arm behind my torso.*
Muto: ......
Narration: *Indifferent to my bluff, Muto slid his right foot half a step forward in a kendo-style "shuffle step." His breathing was soft and steady.*
Narration: *"...He sees right through me... Well, that's fine..."*
Narration: *Still keeping my right arm hidden, I took a single large step toward my opponent.*
Narration: *As my foot moved forward, I dug my toes into the ground and kicked the sand directly at Muto's face.*
Muto: ...!!!
Narration: *However, he'd also anticipated the use of "dirty tactics" from my end.*
Narration: *I followed up with an "avalanche" movement, "falling" forward while keeping our faces aligned, but Muto was ready for me.*
Narration: *Shielding his left eye from the sand with his free hand, he tightened his icepick grip on his dagger and stabbed it down at my face.*
Narration: *"Dammit...!"*
Narration: *The "avalanche" is all about using the perception of distance created by eye contact to close in with deceptive speed. As a result, Muto's dagger came down slightly off-target.*
Narration: *Its dull blade knocked the cap off my head, dug into my forehead with a solid "thunk," and nicked my right ear as it went.*
Narration: *A real knife would've cut deeply enough to expose bone. But while cuts to the head do cause copious bleeding, it's rare for them to be fatal.*
Narration: *"...That's no good, Muto-san... You've got to aim for the eyes. Are you holding back because we're training...?"*
Narration: *It's difficult to do things in combat that you've never practiced in training.*
Narration: *You're better off trying as many things as possible while you've still got the chance to experiment.*
Narration: *I reached out quickly towards Muto's face, my left thumb heading straight for his eye.*
Narration: *If he didn't evade this, I could jam my thumb into his eye socket, hook it up to grab his skull, and pull him toward me. *
Narration: *If he wanted to avoid my thumb, he'd have to jerk his chin upward.*
Narration: *"What's it going to be, Muto-san...?"*
Muto: ...Kuh!!
Narration: *His chin jerked upward.*
Narration: *Probably the right call, in terms of avoiding an instant defeat.*
Narration: *"But what will you do if I pull you?"*
Narration: *Bringing my right arm out from behind my torso, I wrapped it around Muto's right hand, immobilizing his training dagger.*
Yuuji: ...Hrrgh!!
Narration: *Once I had his arm trapped between my elbow and shoulder, I sharply twisted my upper body to reduce the distance between us.*
Narration: *Muto's joints groaned audibly as his arm turned in an unnatural direction; and before he could recover, I grabbed his forehead with my left hand, cutting off his line of sight.*
Muto: ...Gwah!!
Narration: *Startled by his sudden blindness, Muto recklessly thrust out his left hand.*
Narration: *I smashed his extended fingers with a vicious headbutt, then slammed my knee into his flank, using his momentum against him.*
Muto: ...Gahah...!!
Narration: *As my knee pushed up into Muto's side, the air in his lungs forced its way out of his mouth, and he reached out to grab me once again... but his hand found only air.*
Narration: *I'd circled behind my opponent without releasing my grip on his face. Throwing him off-balance with a sharp kick to the back of his knees, I proceeded to push him down to the ground.*
Muto: ...Guh!!
Narration: *Falling while you're blind is terrifying. Your hands reflexively reach out toward the ground.*
Narration: *With me riding "piggyback," Muto landed heavily on his knees; an instant later, he reached up with his dominant hand to remove my "blindfold," but...*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Muto-san... What happened to your knife?
Narration: *Startled by the words I'd whispered into his ear, Muto groped around blindly for the knife he'd been holding a moment before.*
Muto: ...Goddammit...!
Narration: *By the time that word left his mouth, I was pressing its cold blade against his exposed throat.*
Yuuji: ...Sorry about that, Muto-san... Your attitude got on my nerves, so I didn't really go easy on you. Hope your pride wasn't too badly bruised.
Muto: ...S-Shut the hell up!
Kuwahara: All right, that's enough! Combatant neutralized! Kazami wins!
Muto: ...Kuh! Bastard...!! Get off me, damn it!
Yuuji: ...You don't know when to give up... Want me to cut you a few new holes?
Kuwahara: How long are you two idiots going to keep flirting with each other!?
Yuuji: Owww!!
Kuwahara: When I say it's over, it's over! Get back into formation, NOW!
Yuuji: ...You didn't have to kick me in the ass...
Kuwahara: What was that!?
Yuuji: Nothing at all, sir!!
Kuwahara: Get up already, Muto! You've embarrassed me! That's 200 push-ups!! In position, now!!
Muto: Hoo-ahh!!!
Kuwahara: Kazamiiii! Don't just stand there like an idiot! You're not getting off either! 200 push-ups!! In position, now!!
Yuuji: Ugh. Damn it...
Narration: *I won, didn't I? Why did I have to join him?*
Narration: *Of course, I knew logic like that wouldn't get me anywhere.*
Narration: *When your commander tells you to do something, you do it, even if it's 10,000 push-ups. When your commander tells you to eat something, you eat it, even if it happens to be dog shit.*
Kuwahara: All right! One! Twooo! Threeeee! What's the matter!? Touch your chin to the ground, damn it! We're starting over! One!!
Narration: *The Japanese instructors always counted with deliberate slowness, and set you back to zero if they didn't approve of your form. In both respects, it was the same way they'd done things in America.*
Narration: *On top of that, they'd developed a few nasty additions of their own - like the "What time is it?" trick.*
Narration: *Once you got past 100 push-ups or so, the instructor would sometimes ask "What time is it right now?" to no one in particular.*
Narration: *If you're foolish enough to respond "14 hundred hours, sir," they'll give you a gracious nod of thanks... then resume their count from "fourteen."*
Narration: *I don't think Instructor Kuwahara held a grudge over what happened with Muto, but it felt like he really had it in for me, even after I got through my first two weeks and joined the sniper squad.*
Narration: *On one occasion, a mean-spirited colleague decided to give me trouble by hiding my target in the middle of a long-range precision shooting exercise.*
Narration: *I could understand why the other trainees weren't too fond of the "cocky brat" in their midst, but it wasn't much fun having them underestimate me like this.*
Narration: *Focusing my scope on my teammate as he tried to sneak away, I took aim at the target he was carrying and fired three quick shots. Every one landed dead center.*
Yuuji: They told me to hit the target, so that's what I did... Unless you want to wet your pants again, you probably shouldn't get too close to my target...
Narration: *My colleague had been taught a bit of a lesson, and I'd gotten to whisper a few cool-guy lines to myself. Seemed like a satisfactory conclusion, but...*
Kuwahara: Kazamiiiiii!!! What the HELL are you doing!?!
Narration: *A bolt of thunder landed directly on my head, loud enough that I nearly jumped out of my skin. I was given the extremely reasonable punishment of "one million laps around the grounds!"*
Narration: *On another occasion, I happened to present a somewhat inaccurate summary of my planned activies during an off-day...*
Narration: *Then met up with a helicopter pilot who'd offered to tutor me in the art of "fine eye control," and headed out for a bit of "dynamic vision training" at the slots.*
Narration: *That probably wasn't too bad in itself, but we ended up winning ourselves a decent war chest―*
Narration: *And I let the pilot talk me into a midday celebration at a nearby bar, on the theory that it would be fine "as long as we don't get caught." Regrettably, things didn't work out that way.*
Kuwahara: You AGAIN, Kazamiiii!?!?!
Narration: *While he couldn't administer punishment in the middle of town, Kuwahara promptly dragged me back to base and sentenced me to "100 laps around the grounds, and no dinner tonight."*
Narration: *Speaking of missed meals... there's another incident that comes to mind.*
Narration: *As "S" trainees, we ate at separate tables in the mess hall, but our meals weren't particularly different from those of the active base personnel - except in terms of quantity.*
Narration: *Given our youth, and the extreme training we endured on a daily basis, they didn't give us nearly enough to fill our bellies.*
Narration: *"Hunger is the Ranger's greatest enemy" was something of a truism there; those who couldn't keep up their strength ended up failing out of the program. In other words, the "no dinner" punishment was extremely serious.*
Narration: *One day, a few members of my squad received just such a penalty. That night, rubbing our groaning stomachs, we gathered together for a commiseration session.*
Team Member A: ...God, I'm hungry...
Team Member B: Does anyone have something to eat...? Anything at all? I don't care what it is...
Team Member C: Well, I've got gum... but that wouldn't even take the edge off the hunger.
Team Member A: Hey, Kazami... What did you guys do in America at times like this?
Yuuji: They didn't starve us as punishment over there... but when people woke up hungry in the middle of the night, they'd supposedly sneak out and catch fish from the sea...
Team Member B: ...Fish, huh...? Hmm... fish...
Team Member C: Hey... there's a pond on the grounds of this base, y'know?
Team Member A: Yeah... the one we use to dump any "extra" empty shells we find lying around...
Team Member C: There's a bunch of huge koi in that pond, right?
Team Member B: Sure, I guess... Uh, wait... You want to eat those things?
Team Member C: It's not like anyone's looking after the stupid things... Who's gonna find out?
Team Member A: Are they even edible, though...? Kazami, you ever eaten a koi?
Yuuji: Well, no... but I think people make sashimi out of them. Should be edible enough.
Everyone: ...All right! Let's do this!
Narration: *It was a tough break for the fish, but by unanimous vote, we resolved to put their protein-filled bodies to use in service of the national interest.*
Narration: *After catching quite a few, we grilled them brown using some soy sauce we'd swiped from the mess hall, then messily consigned them to our starving stomachs.*
Narration: *General consensus seemed to be "They smell like mud, but they taste decent enough!" More importantly, our bellies were pleasantly full for the first time in weeks.*
Narration: *But just as we were beginning to joke about wanting a little dessert, Instructor Kuwahara arrived on the scene with impeccable timing.*
Kuwahara: What the hell do you think you're doing, you braindead chimpanzees!?!
Narration: *―Apparently, eating fish from the pond was a step too far.*
Narration: *Not only was Kuwahara furious with us, he reported my behavior to Akasaka, earning my unfortunate case officer a dressing-down of her own.*
Narration: *Later on, the shaggy-headed woman in question would call me in for a highly tedious sermon. But in the short term, my punishment was "all-night water duty."*
Kuwahara: Somehow or other, you maggots crawled your way onto this squad! I assume you've learned by now exactly how precious "water" is!
Kuwahara: Wounded soldiers bleeding on the field of battle die screaming of their immense thirst! A cup of water is a cup of blood!
Narration: *We were standing in a row along the corridor of our barracks. Expounding on his somewhat confusing theory, Kuwahara walked slowly down the line, placing a glass of water on each of our heads.*
Kuwahara: You dipshits are evidently lacking in endurance! We're going to rectify that! From now until morning, you're not permitted to let any of the water in those glasses spill!
Kuwahara: If a single drop hits the floor, be prepared to face even more severe punishment!!
Everyone: Hoo-ahhhh!!!
Narration: *Having concluded his remarks, Instructor Kuwahara promptly returned to his quarters.*
Team Member A: ...Ugggh... seriously...? This is pretty damn tough... Can't move at all, or the water's going to spill...
Team Member B: ...Probably... shouldn't talk too much...
Team Member C: I don't know... if I can last all night...
Yuuji: ...You guys sure are taking this seriously. That's Japanese people for you, I guess...
Team Member A: ...What?
Narration: *As a matter of fact, I'd once received the exact same punishment in America.*
Narration: *It's a test of your ability to think flexibly, more than anything else.*
Yuuji: ...I'm gonna go get some shut-eye, guys...
Narration: *With a sidelong glance at my squadmates, all of whom were holding still as statues...*
Narration: *I took the glass from my head, gulped down the water without spilling a drop, then headed back to my quarters.*
Team Member A: Ah... aaah! Did he just... drink the water!?!
Team Member B: What an idiot... Hope he enjoys his additional punishment!
Team Member C: No, wait... Isn't this a "joint responsibility" deal...? If we're going to get punished anyway, maybe we should forget about the water and go rest up for the next round...
Team Member A: ...You've got to be kidding! We're all going to be punished because he decided to be a selfish idiot!?
Team Member B: ...Sounds depressingly possible... Think we should just drink it too?
Team Member C: Cut it out...! What happens if he's wrong, huh!?
Kuwahara: What in God's name are you idiots babbling about out here!?! Shut the hell up!!
Team Member A: H-Hoo-ahh!!!
Kuwahara: Hrm!? Where's Kazami!? Where did he go!?
Team Member B: W-Well, sir... before we had time to stop him, he took his water, drank it, and returned to his quarters! Hoo-ah!!!
Kuwahara: He did what!?! That little bastard! Fwahah! Hah hah hah hah! That stupid little bastard!!! Hah hah hah hah hah hah!!
Team Member A: ...I-Is there something funny about that, sir...?
Kuwahara: What can you do but laugh!? Come on, maggots! Laugh with me! Hahahahahahahah!!
Everyone: Ha... hahaha... haha... hahahahaha...
Narration: *"Have to keep your eye on that one."*
Narration: *"Too clever for his own good."*
Narration: *"Kid's a bit of a flake."*
Narration: *These were just a few of the rave(?) reviews I earned from my instructors during my training period in Japan.*
Narration: *But among the officers on that base, I do think Kuwahara was keeping a particularly close eye on me.*
Narration: *A little later on, when everyone was going out for a nice "picnic" in the mountains, the two of us ended up having words.*
Team Member D: God dammit... Canned food again? The grub always goes to shit at the end of the fiscal year... Guess it's the same way in special ops...
Team Member E: If you want something that tastes good, go sneak yourself on a submarine. They get the best food of anyone in the SDF.
Team Member D: What's Captain America eatin' over there, huh?
Team Member E: Haha... Look, the kid's just eating those beans again.
Team Member D: Hey, they look pretty good.
Team Member E: It's slop from a can, y'know? I hear they call that crap "pig feed" back in his country...
Kuwahara: Stop flapping your gums, numbskulls!! How about you finish your damn food already!?!
Kuwahara: It's been said since time immemorial: Run fast, eat fast, and shit fast! Eating promptly is one of the skills you're evaluated on!! Soldiers who don't eat when they have the chance are worthless! Stuff it down your gullets!!!
Everyone: Hoo-ahhhh!!!
Kuwahara: ...As for you, Kazami... what's with that look on your face? Is that how you eat your food? Looks like you're chewing on sand in the middle of a desert...
Yuuji: ...Sorry about that, sir...
Kuwahara: Well, whatever... While I'm at it, there's something I've been meaning to ask you.
Yuuji: What would that be...?
Kuwahara: ...What exactly are you doing here?
Yuuji: ...I may be "American capital," but I'm still a part of this "company." I'm obligated to participate in training...
Kuwahara: That's not what I'm asking... I want to know why you got picked up by America in the first place...
Yuuji: ...The same as you or anyone here, sir... I didn't have anywhere else to go, and I wasn't cut out for any other line of work... That's all there is to it...
Kuwahara: Don't lump me in with the likes of you, kid... You got thrown into the military because you did something stupid, right? What was it? Tell me the truth...
Yuuji: ...I'm sorry, sir, but why do you need to know that?
Kuwahara: I'm not really interested in your life story... but some of my people are afraid of you. That's just a fact...
Kuwahara: ...Remember that Muto guy you knocked around?
Yuuji: Yes...
Kuwahara: He's been spreading rumors that you're some kind of brutal murderer... and the word's gotten around. At this point, ordering him to shut up wouldn't do much...
Kuwahara: As an instructor and an officer, I need to know what kind of person you are... and how I should deal with you. Just tell me already...
Yuuji: ...I killed my father... and my mother...
Kuwahara: I see...
Narration: *That was all Instructor Kuwahara said in reply. And after that day, he stopped aggressively finding fault with everything I did.*
Narration: *Maybe it was out of sympathy. Maybe it was out of fear.*
Narration: *Either way, it was convenient enough for me. I can't say I missed having an intimidating instructor breathing down my neck.*
Date: *July XX, 2012, 17:43 - Ichigaya*
JB: ...I had no idea any of that happened...
JB: I looked over your files from that period, but the tone of First Lt. Kuwahara's reports was positive... It seemed like he had a fairly high opinion of you.
Yuuji: Ah, well... You remember when I did my musical number? At the inn in Gifu, when we were field-testing the new gear?
JB: Oh... what was it again? Daimakaroff?
Yuuji: Right. After that incident, Instructor Kuwahara started to be a lot more accommodating toward me...
JB: He clearly did grow rather fond of you, yes... He repeatedly asked us about letting you join his special ops group once your training was complete...
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm aware... I ran into him in the mess hall on my way over here, and he tried to recruit me again.
JB: You're not just an individual, you're I-9029... a single-agent combat unit capable of rapid response to situations domestic and foreign. After all the money we've spent on you, I'm afraid we can't be loaning you out left and right...
Yuuji: Don't worry. I turned him down...
JB: If you personally want to switch posts... I think I could make it happen, although it would certainly take some time...
Yuuji: ...That's all right. I'm fine with things as they are.
Yuuji: Anyway, if I'd accepted Kuwahara-san's invitation back then, who knows what would've happened to Chizuru...
JB: Hmm... Yes, true enough...
JB: In that sense, perhaps your choosing CIRS was the right decision.
Yuuji: Well, I wasn't a formal member of "CIRS" at the time...

Narration: *―The Vancouver International Airport terrorist hijacking.*
Narration: *The origin of the affair lay in a security forces raid on the stronghold of an extremist group known as "The Divine Textbook," launched by the DoD as part of an ongoing hardline policy against insurgents of all sorts.*
Narration: *Following a violent firefight, the group's leader - one Arne Malik - had been captured and taken into custody.*
Narration: *The Divine Textbook, founded in 1964, held western education to be the root of all evil. They'd carried out a long campaign of anti-government resistance, funded largely through drug dealing and kidnap for ransom...*
Narration: *And in recent years, they had launched a series of attacks on churches, police stations, and military facilities, punctuated by repeated shootouts with homeland security forces.*
Narration: *The president, who'd publicly committed to stamping out terrorist activity, ordered a thorough search-and-destroy operation. The resulting raid killed 65 members of the organization and robbed them of their leader.*
Narration: *In response, the group had occupied Vancouver International Airport, from which Mr. Malik was scheduled to be extradited for trial. Using the website of a local newspaper, they'd posted demands for his release.*
Narration: *Long story short, it was basically one of those "Give us our boss back, or we'll blow up a bunch of crap!" deals. Not so different from a fight between children, except in terms of scale.*
Narration: *Of course, this was something of a problem for all the big shots who'd spent the last few years making grandiose promises about the elimination of terrorism.*
Narration: *If they agreed to release Malik, their opponents would spin it as a violation of their public commitments. But if the commotion got out of hand, their competence would be called into question. Neither outcome seemed too appetizing.*
Narration: *I'm not sure how the behind-the-scenes wrangling went... but one way or another, they ended up appealing for assistance from the anti-terror forces of numerous allied nations, making the whole tangled mess even more complicated.*
Embassy Staff: ..The demands they've posted on the web call for Arne Malik's release and a payment of 60 million dollars. Freeing a terrorist leader is out of the question, and the ransom is absurd... We can't possibly accept such conditions.
Airport Manager: Perhaps, but do consider... among the four hundred people in the airport when it was seized, there were a large number of financiers, celebrities, government officials, and scholars returning from academic symposiums.
Embassy Staff: Well, it's fairly clear they were targeting prominent "westerners," yes...
Airport Police Chief: It's already been six hours since the hostages were taken. I imagine some of them will be reaching the limits of their physical endurance soon...
Airport Police Chief: Shouldn't we try to negotiate on the ransom, while also issuing a demand for the release of any sick, elderly, or female hostages?
Embassy Staff: We've been carrying out negotiations along those lines for the last four hours. And as a result, their original demand for 30 million dollars ballooned to 60 million...
Airport Police Chief: ...So it's not really about the money, then...
Embassy Staff: Exactly. The more time we waste on meaningless negotiation, the more damage is done to Canada's reputation as a safe country. In other words, they're telling us to just release Arne Malik already...
Captain Garrett: ...This is idiotic. How many times do you people plan on repeating the same conversation?
Embassy Staff: I'd appreciate a little respect from a foreign delegate! We can't authorize a special forces assault. The Japanese government strongly objected!
Captain Garrett: Look, we're not playing around here either.
Captain Garrett: There are many Americans among those hostages. And if you end up letting the terrorists skip town to some enemy nation, it's pretty damn obvious that won't end well for our people.
Embassy Staff: You know, I really have to say... why is an individual with so little respect for the sovereignty of other nations even taking part in this conference? Frankly speaking, your obsession with brute force solutions is―
Operator: ...We have a reply from the Japanese embassy. They're "conditionally" prepared to accept special forces intervention.
Embassy Staff: ...What? What conditions!?
Captain Garrett: "Don't kill any Japanese nationals," right? Good god, how long can you take to decide something that simple?
Airport Police Chief: ...What do you intend to do?
Captain Garrett: I've already submitted my plan, haven't I? Leave the specifics to us.
Airport Manager: I do assume you'll be taking every effort to avoid damaging our facilities! Also, this mission summary calls for "long-distance sniping from 1300 meters." Isn't that going to be an issue?
Captain Garrett: Nah, it's really pretty simple. We just need to take out the guy holding the switch for their suicide bombs, then rush in and suppress the others.
Airport Manager: That's not what I meant! The terrorists are alert to the possibility of sniper fire from rooftops or indoor positions.
Airport Manager: We're talking about an extremely long-range outdoor shot! Given the local geography, strong winds are constantly blowing. And there's a great deal of fog at this time of year... it's no environment for sharpshooting!
Captain Garrett: Believe it or not, there are some people out there who can land their first shot dead on target under those conditions... I've known three personally.
Airport Police Chief: You're planning to bring those three here, then...?
Captain Garrett: I'd like to, but one of them died 18 years ago. Another retired after losing the use of her right eye. And there's an issue with the third one as well...
Embassy Staff: ...Are they in a prison cell or something?
Captain Garrett: Nope. Still in training over at a Japanese Academy.
Embassy Staff: What? An SDF recruit!?
Captain Garrett: No. He's a CIRS agent in training.
Airport Police Chief: Is putting a trainee in the field really such a good idea? If we're given authorization to use the anti-materio, our sniper team might be able to manage somehow...
Airport Manager: Hmmm... Ever since that mess with the electrode gun, we've been trying to avoid overkill... I'd be happier letting someone else handle this...
Embassy Staff: Well, that's what our foreign allies are here for. The problem is that the first shot absolutely has to land on target... Can this agent-in-training you mentioned pull it off, Captain?
Captain Garrett: I'll personally guarantee it. That said, it's not going to be cheap to get him over here from Japan.
Embassy Staff: I don't care. We'll cover the expenses. Just get him over here, please!
Captain Garrett: Excuse me, then. I'll make the call...
Captain Garrett: It's me...
Captain Garrett: ...It's me! Captain Agnes Garrett!
Captain Garrett: Right... No need for the pleasantries. There's a job I want you to do...
Captain Garrett: ...Look, Kazami... I'm technically your superior officer, all right? How about showing a little respect...? And don't call me Annie, damn it!
Airport Manager: ...Seems like a rather troublesome individual...
Embassy Staff: ...Did I just make a very serious mistake?
Captain Garrett: Anyway, can you come or not? Hm? Fine, go ahead...
Captain Garrett: Excuse me!? What kind of a "condition" is that!? This isn't the time for your stupid jokes!
Embassy Staff: ...What is he requesting of you, exactly?
Captain Garrett: ...He wants to sit next to Jichael Mackson at a basketball game. Asked us to get him tickets...
Embassy Staff: ...*Siiigh*... Kindly inform him that Jichael passed away recently...
Captain Garrett: ...Tch... The kid knows that. Probably his way of saying "I don't want to."
Captain Garrett: Just get over here, damn it! Right now! I'll have someone local pick you up in ten minutes! If you don't want to get carried off like a sack of potatoes, then you'd better be ready and waiting! Idiot!!
Captain Garrett: ...Damn kid! Even his backtalk sounds just like his master's...
Embassy Staff: Is everything going to be all right...?
Captain Garrett: It's not a problem!!
Narration: *―As always, Captain Garrett didn't have much of a sense of humor.*
Narration: *I don't make a habit of refusing invitations from women, but being called halfway around the world with a single phone call...? I knew I was a pawn, but this felt like a bit much.*
Narration: *Judging from the way my "ride" showed up prematurely after two minutes, instead of ten, and the fact that it was an MV-22 Osprey instead of a car, the situation seemed to be fairly urgent.*
Narration: *Before I even had a chance to murmur a few admiring words about the tilt rotors, I was pushed into the aircraft, still holding my favorite rifle to my chest...*
Narration: *And as soon as they strapped me firmly into my seat, the details of the operation popped up on the ICS.*
Narration: *The Osprey immediately headed out to sea, traveling as far as it could and then landing on an aircraft carrier.*
Narration: *There, I boarded a C-2 transport plane, which hopped over to a NATO airport. As they were refuelling us for the last leg of the journey, a large number of people with special forces patches on their uniforms climbed on board.*
Narration: *I was used to this sort of atmosphere, but that didn't mean I wanted to make small talk. At times like these, pretending to be asleep was always the best move.*
Danny: Hey, Shorty! Easy-going as ever, huh? We're about to head into action, and here you are takin' a nap!
Robbie: No, Danny... He's not asleep. Even pretending to nap can do wonders when you're tired. Right, Yuzuri?
Yuuji: ...Hm? ...Danny, Robbie, they called you two as well?
Robbie: When they call you, they're going to call me too. I'm the brains of the Bush Dog Platoon, after all.
Danny: Serious pain in the ass, man. I was takin' it easy down in California when they hit me with this outta nowhere. They pulled up and dragged me off while I was goofin' off and eatin' donuts.
Yuuji: ...What about the others?
Robbie: Lieutenant J and Eddie are already waiting at the site. As for Millie, well... she switched specialties and everything, so she won't be participating this time.
Yuuji: ...She switched specialties?
Robbie: What, haven't you heard? She applied to join Aviation, and they posted her to Miramar last month.
Robbie: Apparently she requested Camp Zukeran. Wanted to follow you to Japan, see? But I guess life isn't that easy... Probably doesn't help that she's dumb as a brick, either.
Danny: You're one to talk. Heard you requested a posting in Japan 'cause you love that "Akiba" place so much.
Robbie: But I've got a brain in my head, so I actually landed a job with Akasaka.
Yuuji: What? You're in Japan now, Robbie?
Robbie: I'm going back and forth between America and Japan, but recently they've got me working in the basement at Ichigaya.
Yuuji: Why didn't you say anything? We could've met up.
Robbie: I'm working for First Division, unfortunately. They're not big on communication with the outside world.
Yuuji: ...And there's a pretty thick wall between them and CIRS, from what I hear.
Robbie: Exactly.
Danny: Speaking of Japan, my little sister keeps sayin' she wants to go to college over there. Why's everyone so obsessed with that place? Is it really that good a country?
Yuuji: That's kind of a tough question, but... on the whole, I guess it's not bad.
Robbie: Listen to this, Danny. In Japan, every single neighborhood's got convenience stores and vending machines all over the place. Tells you something about how safe things are, right?
Danny: Hmm. Well, they do say countries with durable tissues and condoms tend to be good places to live... Maybe I'll come visit one of these days.
Robbie: ...Whoops, just got the newest info from Lieutenant J...
Robbie: There's been a change in the situation... Apparently there was a diabetic among the hostages, so they couldn't wait around for our arrival...
Robbie: Seventeen minutes before the current time, the airport police sniping team shot the terrorist group's leader dead.
Robbie: Their assault team launched a raid simultaneously and succeeded in gaining superiority over part of the airport. Almost all of the hostages were rescued.
Robbie: At present, they're in the process of removing the explosives that were set up inside the facilities...
Danny: Say what!? They finished up before we even got there!? Damn! What was the point of this trip, man!?
Robbie: It's not over yet. We've got a bonus mission on our hands.
Robbie: A few terrorists who escaped during the raid took a single hostage with them. They're apparently holed up in a business jet that was standing by on the apron.
Danny: Oh, c'mooon! Don't just let them capture you! Seriously, man!
Robbie: It's not a man, actually. The hostage they took was a female. Her age isn't clear, but they believe she's probably a middle-schooler... Her name's unknown at present. They're working on it.
Danny: Damn, that sucks... If they have a kid as a hostage, we can't try anything too risky.
Robbie: ...Oh, message from our lovely Captain Garrett. Want me to read it?
Yuuji: Please.
Robbie: From: Captain Agnes Garrett. To: Keizami Yuzuri. "You're needed. Get over here. This instant, damn it." Exact quote.
Danny: Sounds like she's a little stressed...
Robbie: The situation's changed a bit. There are three terrorists in the plane, and they're being real careful about snipers. No one's getting close. Seems they're issuing their demands by radio, from the very end of the runway.
Yuuji: What do they want?
Robbie: Fuel and a pilot. None of them know how to handle a plane, I suppose. And they want enough gas to get them to North Korea.
Robbie: The negotiators have talked them into exchanging the hostage for a pilot, so that's going to be our only chance for a rescue...
Robbie: And the runway's got nothing in the way of cover, so we're talking about a distance of nearly 2000 meters.
Yuuji: ...2000? That's not going to work. Even with special ammo and perfect conditions, 1600's as good as it gets... and given the weather there, it's more like 800.
Robbie: If you're too close, they'll notice you... If you're too far away, you'll miss. And our orders are to rescue the hostage at all costs, without letting any harm come to her.
Danny: They've only got the one hostage, right? If they kill her, they're all outta bargaining chips. Why don't we just roll up in an armored vehicle and take them out?
Robbie: I don't have confirmation on this, but it seems the middle schooler they're holding is related to someone very influential. Things could get ugly if anything happens to her.
Yuuji: ...I'm not saying it's impossible, but we don't have the right equipment or anything else prepared. When you can't look around the site beforehand, it's damn hard to finish the job on the first shot...
Narration: *When you're sniping under disadvantageous conditions like fog or darkness, whether or not you've seen the site with your own two eyes makes a huge difference in your ability to correct by "feel."*
Narration: *Even with spotters feeding you the precise range, your sense of distance is always going to be a little off. In most cases, the first shot ends up landing short of the target.*
Narration: *All you can do is try to compensate from experience... but that really only gets you so far. The training I'd received in the military was less focused on "never missing" and more on "recovering after the initial miss."*
Robbie: Oh, the equipment won't be a problem. Lieutenant J apparently has "Cheta" waiting for you at the scene. Millie said she wasn't going to use it any more, so she left it behind when she transferred out.
Yuuji: ...Cheta...? That's an anti-materiel rifle, isn't it?
Danny: Hey, sounds perfect. You never liked shooting people anyway.
Yuuji: Uh, it's not really that simple...
Robbie: Naturally, they've also procured you bullets coated with tungsten disulfide through precision shot peening.
Yuuji: Guess it all comes down to skill and luck, then...
Narration: *―Even Kusakabe Asako herself was said to have an effective range of 1600 meters.*
Narration: *Given the same equipment and presented with the same conditions, I couldn't produce results equivalent to hers. *
Narration: *I just wasn't as good as her yet. For one thing, her powers of concentration were superior to mine; for another, she had years and years more experience.*
Narration: *In the first place, while Asako had taught me the fundamentals and lectured me on the sniper's mindset, she'd never given me any "advanced" training.*
Narration: *In the words of the woman herself...*
Narration: *"I spent ten years getting this good. It ain't the sort of thing you can figure out from a bit of advice. Once you're past a certain skill level, the only way to improve is by pickin' up the tricks through sheer experience."*
Narration: *―Not exactly helpful.*
Narration: *It was frustrating to know that Asako could do things I couldn't. For a while there, I tried imitating her in every possible way.*
Narration: *But eventually, I realized there was no way I'd ever catch up using that method. By the time I got to where she'd been, Asako had already improved even further.*
Narration: *After that, I started testing out my own methods, trying to find a technique that Asako wouldn't be able to manage.*
Narration: *Fundamentally, Asako's sniping relied on her incredible vision and her instincts - honed through years of experience.*
Narration: *My eyesight was just as good as hers, but the difference in experience was hopelessly massive.*
Narration: *And so, the method I came up with was based instead on "vision" and "visualization."*
Lieutenant J: "...Can you hear me, Boomerang?"
Yuuji: Yeah, loud and clear. Haven't heard you call me that for a while, Lieutenant... Really brings me back...
Lieutenant J: "How's the situation...? Can you see the wind?"
Yuuji: Forget the wind, I can't see anything but fog... My visibility's less than ten meters...
Lieutenant J: "You see the control tower light, don't you? Your target's positioned about twelve degrees to the left of it."
Yuuji: ...I can't see anything except a vague shape...
Narration: *When I stared as hard as I could into the gloom, I could sense "something" in the darkness where my gun was pointing. But for all I knew, it was nothing more than a visual illusion produced by wishful thinking on my part.*
Narration: *When I held my eye to the scope, all I saw was a field of white. Every once in a while, the wind would part the "curtains" slightly, giving me brief glimpses of a white object. But then the fog would swallow it up again.*
Narration: *After staring into the scope long enough, the constant lateral movement of the fog started to make me feel like I was gliding back and forth myself.*
Yuuji: ...How the hell am I supposed to hit anything under these conditions? Dammit, my eyes are spinning...
Lieutenant J: "I'm afraid we can't wait for the fog to clear... The negotiators are playing for time, but I doubt it's going to accomplish much. The fuel delivery and hostage exchange will begin ten minutes from now."
Lieutenant J: "Can you do this, Kazami?"
Yuuji: Nope. Not a chance. Can I go home now?
Lieutenant J: "Hrm... You seem rather demoralized, Kazami. All right, this calls for a scolding from Captain Garrett."
Yuuji: ...Wait... C'mon, no...
Captain Garrett: "Listen up, Kazami! The word impossible isn't in the soldier's dictionary! When there's a job to be done, we make it work! I called you all the way from Japan personally! Are you planning to cover my face with mud!?"
Yuuji: I'd rather cover it with something else, Annie...
Captain Garrett: "...You son of a..."
Yuuji: Only a joke, Captain Garrett...
Captain Garrett: "...If you complete this mission successfully, I'll let you cover it with whatever you want... Anyway, just get it done! I've got a high opinion of you, dammit... Don't let me down..."
Yuuji: Aye, ma'am...
Narration: *Somehow, I'd obtained permission to smear anything I wanted onto a pompous officer's face. In the military, a bit of whining can pay off once in a while.*
Narration: *That said... "Sorry, it didn't work out" wasn't going to cut it at this point.*
Narration: *A "blindfolded" shot at an invisible target, huh...?*
Narration: *It's not like I'd never done it before.*
Narration: *On Asako's mountain, I'd given myself similar challenges several times... and during night combat, I often had to fire into the darkness, relying on the muzzle flashes to locate my enemies. It never affected my accuracy.*
Narration: *Most "first-rate" snipers aren't reliant on their scopes. Just like my master, they can hit their targets based solely on instinct and experience.*
Narration: *For them, a scope is nothing but a supplementary tool, allowing them to visualize their shot with greater clarity. There's something other than simple vision at work there; they're seeing with their "mind's eye."*
Narration: *For me, that meant concentrating until I could see "colors" in the air... a method reliant on visualization, compensating for my lack of experience.*
Narration: *I'd gotten the idea from my sister's "photographic reading."*
Narration: *When Kazuki concentrated, she was capable of rapidly memorizing books as a series of images in her mind, but any "color information" would usually be lost.*
Narration: *―However, when she concentrated even more intently, she was capable of discerning colors as well.*
Narration: *I guess I'd compare it to those optical illusions that used to be popular. The ones where you'd stare at a monochrome pattern until a full-color image emerged.*
Narration: *If you convince yourself that you're looking at something, your eyes will start to see it. With enough concentration, even the wind can take on a visible color. Think of an enemy as a "pig," and they'd look like a pig.*
Narration: *Conveniently enough, that's just the way my mind worked.*
Robbie: "...You read me, Boomerang?"
Yuuji: Yeah... loud and clear.
Robbie: "We've finished setting up the monitoring equipment. I'll send the data over, so turn on your PC."
Yuuji: It's already running.
Robbie: "See the bush dog icon in the upper left of your screen? Double click on that."
Yuuji: ...What bush dog icon...? It's not there.
Robbie: "Of course it is... Look more carefully."
Yuuji: Wait... are you talking about this icon of the girl with dog ears on her head...?
Robbie: "Yeah, that's it. Give that bush-dog imouto a double click."
Yuuji: ...You really need to get that illness of yours treated...
Robbie: "Well, let's discuss my personal hobbies another time. The application you just launched is version 4.02 of Shimoheihei-chan, a digital spotter of my own design."
Robbie: "That said, it's basically just a modified version of the control program from those vibration-sensing tablets."
Robbie: "Apart from compiling wind speed and atmospheric readings from multiple sensors, it links up with satellites to factor in stuff like geomagnetism and the Coriolis effect. Real fine piece of work, if I do say so myself!"
Robbie: "Who cares if you can't see the target? It's just like using instrument navigation to fly a plane. Instrument sniping, if you will!"
Robbie: "Keep an eye on the numbers it's feeding you and use them to visualize the shot. When it's time, just pull the trigger. Millie's old friend Cheta won't let you down."
Yuuji: ...Well, I'll give it a shot...
Robbie: "All right then, one last thing. Let's go over the procedure. As soon as the hostage exchange begins, they're going to lift the hold-fire order. That's when you get us started."
Robbie: "You neutralize the leader with your first shot. In the same instant, the suppression team Danny's leading will roll up in HMVs. Once the assault's begun, we'll handle the rest."
Robbie: "The only thing to remember is that you absolutely can't miss. Fully neutralize the main target without causing any harm to the hostage. We'll take it from there... Understood?" 
Yuuji: Got it. Just let me concentrate for a while...
Robbie: "The hold-fire order will be lifted in five minutes... Good luck..."
Yuuji: ...Hooooh...
Narration: *Slowly, deliberately, I pushed the air from my lungs.*
Narration: *They'd given me two of those special bullets. I loaded them into the chamber one at a time, careful not to damage their coated tips.*
Narration: *The gun felt a bit different from my usual rifle. Fortunately, this wasn't my first time holding "Cheta"; Millie had let me borrow him three times before. Unlike his owner, he was a straightforward guy without any odd quirks.*
Narration: *Don't wonder if you're going to hit the target. Don't think about the possibility of failure. No matter how carefully you aim, you'll end up missing every single time if you do.*
Narration: *There's only one question worth asking yourself at times like these: "Am I actually calm right now?"*
Narration: *In the Navy, the traditional trick is to check the time.*
Narration: *Glance down at your watch. Check the current hour, minute, and second. If you can tell what time it is, that's proof you're calm. It's something our instructors taught us.*
Narration: *You might think that sounds awfully simple.*
Narration: *But when you're on an actual battlefield with bullets flying back and forth, it really can be surprisingly challenging to read the time.*
Narration: *With an analog watch, you won't be able to tell the difference between the hour hand and the minute hand. And if it's a digital model, you won't be able to recognize the segmented numbers on the screen for what they represent.*
Narration: *When your head's too full of other thoughts, even the simplest tasks become impossible.*
Narration: *I glanced down at my wrist and checked my watch's display. The time was 14:32:14. The hold-fire order was probably going to be lifted in less than three minutes.*
Narration: *Still... I could read the time just fine.*
Narration: *It was going to be all right.*
Yuuji: ...Hooooh... haaaaah...
Narration: *I closed my eyes and took another deep breath.*
Narration: *And then, holding my finger to the trigger to remind myself what it felt like, I began to focus on the task at hand.*
Narration: *Consciously steadying the rhythm of my breathing, I peered through my scope. The only thing visible was pure-white fog, flowing past like spilled milk trickling across a table.*
Narration: *All I needed was a glimpse.*
Narration: *A fraction of a second would be enough. I wouldn't forget what I saw.*
Narration: *I'd record it in my mind, and burn that image into my eyes.*
Narration: *―There it was...*
Narration: *No problem... It was only a glimpse, but I captured it perfectly.*
Narration: *This wasn't any different from fighting at night, using brief bursts of light to spot the enemy. I just had to approach it the same way.*
Narration: *―Convince yourself they're visible, and you'll start to see the colors.*
Narration: *It's pure visualization. The more you concentrate, the clearer the image becomes.*
Narration: *It was fine. I could see him.*
Narration: *...More importantly, when were they going to let me shoot? Sooner or later, this image of mine was going to dissolve back into mist.*
Captain Garrett: "...Hold-fire order lifted. Repeat. Hold-fire order lifted..."
Captain Garrett: "Let 'em have it whenever you're ready, Boomerang."
Narration: *...About time...!!*
Yuuji: ...!!!!
Narration: *Aiming at the image I'd formed in my mind, I pulled the trigger.*
Narration: *The firing pin smacked into the case, detonating the primer. Propelled forward by exploding gunpowder, the bullet burst out of the rifled barrel, spinning rapidly as it went.*
Narration: *I couldn't follow it with my eyes, of course.*
Narration: *But even so, by the time my mentally-colored "image" faded back to monochrome...*
Narration: *The shot I'd fired reached its target.*
Yuuji: ...Bang... Hahahahaha...
Lieutenant J: "The sniper's shot has landed! The target's been hit! A team! B team! C team! Everyone get in there! Begin the assault!"
Yuuji: ...Crap... I didn't hit the hostage, did I?
Captain Garrett: "...Good work, Boomerang. I'll send someone to pick you up..."
Yuuji: ...Tell them to bring a barf bag, will you? Urp... I think I'm gonna hurl...
Captain Garrett: "If you've got the energy to make idiotic jokes, you'll be fine... Get back here immediately, Boomerang..."
Narration: *They say the bullets you fire on the battlefield will come flying right back at you someday. But for the moment, I'm still alive. Guess I'm lucky that way.*
Narration: *In the chaotic minutes that followed, the assault by our suppression team ended up getting badly out of sync with the airport police.*
Narration: *As the hostage sat on the ground in a daze, one of the surviving terrorists managed to grab her, then make a run for a high-speed boat moored at the nearby pier.*
Danny: ...And that's where I come in, man!
Danny: Dude's still holding the hostage as he unties the mooring rope. So I rush up and tackle his sorry ass! Bam! Gaaaah! Game over!
Yuuji: ...Uh, you probably shouldn't have knocked the hostage into the sea with him...
Danny: Mighta hit the hostage if I used a gun, man! And the dude was unarmed, anyway. A good tackle was the quickest way to take him out!
Danny: Talk about quick thinking, huh? Wish you coulda seen me jumpin' in to save the day!
Yuuji: ...Well, I saw the whole thing, but...
Narration: *By the time I ran over to help, the terrorist who'd tried to escape was already in custody... and the middle-school hostage who'd fallen into the sea was thrashing around in the water.*
Chizuru: ...Ablublub... He'p meeee...!! Ablup... Pleease! I caaan't swiiim! Ablbublh!!
Danny: Hey, Shorty! Lookie here. Hilarious! What's this middle schooler yellin' about, anyway?
Yuuji: ...Hrm... Sounds like she can't swim...
Danny: What!? Why didn't she say something!?
Yuuji: I think she's been screaming for a while, actually?
Danny: Huh? It's not like I speak Japanese, man...
Yuuji: ...C'mon, stop poking her with the oar. Sure you don't want to help? We went through a lot of trouble saving the kid, but at this rate she's gonna drown.
Danny: Damn, that's no good... All right. Try saying somethin' to her in Japanese, Shorty.
Yuuji: Heeey! You have any last words!?
Chizuru: Help me, for crying out loud!!! Fugablblblblblbl!! Soomeone heeeee'p meeee!!
Yuuji: This might be bad, Danny... If they decide that was child abuse, you could get court-martialled.
Danny: Hey, I helped her eventually, right? That means it's all good. Just like how it ain't rape if you make 'em come!!
Yuuji: ...Uh, no, that's still a crime...
Chizuru: That was atrocious behavior!!
Yuuji: Whoops... The young miss does indeed appear to be a bit upset. What do we do, Danny?
Chizuru: I'm very grateful to you people for saving me! However, I have to think there were better ways to go about doing so!! Allow me to express my objections!
Chizuru: First of all, you covered me in someone else's blood! Then you knocked me into the sea! When I asked for help, you pointed at me and guffawed! When I floundered over to the pier, you poked me in the head with an oar!
Chizuru: What a nightmare! I'll sue!!
Danny: Hey, Shorty... What's got this little lady so upset, huh?
Yuuji: ...Dunno. Sounds like she didn't appreciate the roughness of our rescue.
Danny: Girl managed to survive and she's still bitching? Damn, her life must be nice. C'mon, little lady, don't get too worked up. Here, want some gum? Japanese kids love this stuff, right?
Yuuji: C'mon, Danny. Japanese middle-schoolers don't swarm GIs for candy these days... It's not 1946 any more.
Chizuru: Excuse meeee! I am NOT a middle schooler! Arrrrrrrgh!!
Narration: *Apparently, Chizuru took exception to my six-foot-three comrade patting her on the head and offering her sugarless chewing gum.*
Narration: *She responded by pulling a wallet from her pocket... and showing us the driver's license within it.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Danny, take a look at this.
Danny: Hm? What's that?
Yuuji: A Japanese driver's license... Uh, this lady was born in the Showa era.
Danny: Show what now?
Yuuji: Sorry, it's a Japanese thing... Means "before 1989," basically.
Danny: What? Hold on, you saying this little lady's in her twenties?
Yuuji: Yeah, I guess she would be...
Danny: C'mon, you've gotta be pullin' my leg. Gimme a break here, Shorty... Eddie's niece just got into elementary school this year, and she looks more grown-up than this girl!
Danny: Damn. I guess Japanese people really do look younger than their age!
Yuuji: ...Uh, well... I think this one's kind of a special case, actually.
Chizuru: Excuse me! I have a name! And for crying out loud, will you stop patting me on the head!?
Chizuru: I'm older than you, all right? I'm an adult! A teacher! A principal, in fact! Arrrgh! I won't stand for this!!
Danny: Fwahahaha! Hilarious! I knew an old lady back home with a puppy that yapped just like this!
Date: *July XX, 2012, 18:04 - Ichigaya*
Yuuji: ...Anyway, given the way we met, I've always had a hard time talking respectfully to Chizuru. It'd be a pain to try and change that now, so I'm still not as polite as I should be.
JB: Considering the way you treated her, I'm amazed Chizuru-san decided to let you into her academy...
Yuuji: Well, she had her pride as a grown-up, I guess. Said she wanted to repay us for saving her life...
Yuuji: The woman's got some clout in academic circles, so she managed to help Danny's sister get into a Japanese university as a foreign student...
Yuuji: But there wasn't really anything I wanted, so I tried to decline. Chizuru was damn stubborn about it, though... Told me to say anything at all...
Yuuji: At the time, I'd never really gotten to experience an ordinary school life... So just on a whim, I told her I'd like to try being a "normal student" at a "normal school."
Yuuji: And that's how I ended up where I am today.
JB: Even so... if Asako was still alive, you wouldn't have gone to Mihama, would you?
Yuuji: Well... probably not...

Narration: *―After completing my training and examinations at Narashino, I received the stamp of approval to graduate from trainee to agent, officially inheriting Asako's ID number. In no time at all, my workload increased dramatically.*
Narration: *I imagine it had something to do with that 2000-meter shot I landed in Vancouver, just after returning from America and obtaining "auxiliary" status...*
Narration: *But as a full-fledged agent, I found myself in demand both domestically and abroad.*
Narration: *It might be an exaggeration to say I was doing the work of ten men, but my employer definitely kept me hopping from one job to the next... and they generally deployed me to support teams in sore need of assistance.*
Narration: *I suppose it's only natural, but the teams in question tended to greet me with words like "Thank you for coming" or "We're expecting a lot from you."*
Narration: *Until this point, I hadn't experienced much in the way of trust from strangers...*
Narration: *So these enthusiastic welcomes weighed pretty damn heavily on my shoulders, and I often pushed myself harder than necessary to avoid letting them down.*
Narration: *Taking Asako's place, I traveled all around the world as "9029," consistently producing results 50% beyond the expectations of my "client" in any given situation.*
Narration: *After a while, I began to realize that trying any harder wasn't necessary, since overly positive evaluations only made life more difficult in the long run...*
Narration: *And around the same time, I started gaining some actual confidence in myself and my ability to succeed in this line of work.*
Narration: *One day, I even found myself mouthing off a bit in front of my master.*
Yuuji: You know... I think I might be a match for you by now, Asako...
Narration: *To me, Kusakabe Asako wasn't just a "master" to follow; she was a "mother" worthy of devotion, and a "father" who I wanted to surpass.*
Narration: *Every time I pulled off a difficult shot in the field, I jubilantly shouted "How do you like that!?" in my mind. And those words were always directed at Asako.*
Narration: *Silently, I'd call out to her in celebration: "Just watch me." "See how much your student's grown?"*
Narration: *Of course, I also tried to act totally nonchalant around my teammates, as if none of this was any big challenge for "Kusakabe Asako's apprentice." At the time, it made me feel pretty good about myself.*
Narration: *Up until this point, I'd worked my ass off over and over again to produce superb results, hoping to bolster Asako's reputation by proving my effectiveness as a "tool."*
Narration: *It felt like I'd earned a few words of praise by now.*
Narration: *And yet...*
Asako: ...Th' hell...? Sounds like somebody's gettin' too big for their britches... Let's take this outside, punk!
Narration: *―Asako growled at me angrily, crushed the empty beer can in her hand, then grabbed her rifle and rose to her feet.*
Narration: *By this point, her right eye was almost entirely useless. I was handling virtually all of the work, while she enjoyed a "retirement" mainly occupied by drinking, eating, and sleeping.*
Narration: *When you go three days without firing a rifle, it takes a week to get the feel for it again. I hadn't seen Asako take a single shot in the last six months.*
Narration: *I didn't think there was any chance she could beat me, and I honestly didn't want her to fire a gun ever again. I'd take care of those jobs for her from now on. I wanted the rest of her life to be peaceful.*
Asako: ...Okay then... if yer that confident, I'll take you on. Time for a duel! Hic...
Yuuji: You sure about this...? You're obviously drunk...
Asako: The enemy doesn't care if you're plastered, kid... If you can't shoot with a little alcohol in your system, you're not gonna last long out there.
Yuuji: ...You can't use your right eye anymore, can you?
Asako: When you lose your right eye, you use your left. Seein' as I'm up against a baby chick who still has bits of shell stuck to his ass, it should be a fair handicap.
Yuuji: Now you're just being ridiculous...
Narration: *The nature of our "duel" was simple.*
Narration: *Asako would drop an empty beer can into the nearby river, and we'd let it float along for ten minutes. After that, the first person to land a shot on it would be the winner.*
Narration: *The rules were easy enough, but the game itself was genuinely challenging.*
Narration: *After ten minutes floating downstream, the can would travel far enough to be invisible to the naked eye.*
Narration: *And this particular river followed a complicated path through the woods, so our target would actually disappear from view in less than a minute. The terrain was such that you couldn't hope to catch up by sprinting after it.*
Narration: *Asako and I both knew the layout of this mountain intimately. It would come down to us lying in wait, trying to land the first hit by aiming at a point where the can was likely to flow past.*
Narration: *―Ten minutes later, I was running through the woods carrying my favorite rifle.*
Narration: *Back when my pet dog was alive, I'd run through this mountain every morning. It was basically my backyard; I knew plenty of landmarks in these woods that Asako didn't.*
Narration: *And of course, she'd basically retired from active duty. I was confident that I'd win.*
Narration: *Asako clearly wanted to make me eat my words, but I wasn't about to just let her. I had my pride as a full-fledged agent.*
Narration: *Today, I was going to turn the tables and show my master a thing or two.*
Narration: *In the first place, I was a little angry at Asako for underestimating me so badly. Did she really think I was going to have trouble sniping a floating can?*
Narration: *I'd actually given myself this exact challenge a number of times back in the day, on my daily walks with John. And from experience, I'd identified a number of ideal locations for sniping.*
Narration: *Soon enough, I was lying prone at one of these points - the edge of a cliff, looking down on a part of the river where it grew deeper and slower. The distance was about 800 meters.*
Narration: *Peering into my scope, I studied the area through the lines of my reticle.*
Narration: *Swaying treetops showed me the wind; heaving water showed me the river's flow. Mentally calculating the time it would take a bullet to reach my target, I set my sights on the point where I expected the can to appear.*
Yuuji: ...All right, I've got this...
Narration: *I couldn't resist a silent chuckle.*
Narration: *I'd already convinced myself: this was the day I'd finally surpass Asako.*
Narration: *All I had to do was wait for the can to float into view.*
Narration: *In my experience, I'd usually have about 11 seconds to fire after spotting the target from here. A bit less if rain had fallen the day before.*
Narration: *But just as I was bracing myself, expecting the can to enter my field of vision at any moment... I heard that sound.*
Yuuji: ...What!?
Narration: *It was unmistakably a rifle shot.*
Narration: *Specifically, the familiar sound of Asako's M40A1.*
Narration: *"Where did that come from!?"*
Narration: *Even as the thought was flashing through my mind, I saw something unbelievable through my scope.*
Yuuji: ...Ah...
Narration: *The empty beer can floated peacefully into view, indifferent to my panic...*
Narration: *...and then burst silently apart.*
Narration: *―I hadn't even gotten the chance to pull the trigger. All I could do was lie there and watch the broken can sink beneath the water's surface.*
Narration: *Jumping hurriedly to my feet, I turned to look up at the mountain behind me.*
Narration: *The cabin was about halfway up the mountain; another 400 meters or so above it, there was a small clearing. It was the place where Asako had made a grave for John.*
Narration: *"From all the way up there...?"*
Narration: *It wasn't an impossible shot, to be sure.*
Narration: *The firing distance would increase to 1400 meters, but the higher elevation gave you a longer window to fire. I'd carelessly assumed Asako wouldn't try something like that without the use of her right eye... and it cost me.*
Narration: *Pointing my rifle toward the spot where Asako was likely positioned, I looked into the scope. Sure enough, she was standing there, her white teeth gleaming in the sun.*
Narration: *"Dammit... She's laughing at me..."*
Narration: *For some reason, I found that utterly frustrating.*
Narration: *I'd never really gotten the chance to go through a "rebellious phase" with my actual parents. So at the time, I didn't recognize this feeling for what it was.*
Narration: *I responded to Asako's condescending smirk by raising my right hand and thrusting my index finger up into the air.*
Narration: *"One more round!"*
Narration: *My message evidently got across; within my scope, I saw Asako give an emphatic nod and hold her arms up in a circle. We proceeded to repeat the same challenge.*
Narration: *The second time around, I was holding my breath to fire when a bullet zipped across my field of vision. Startled, I reflexively looked around the area; and Asako took the opportunity to line up a shot on the can.*
Narration: *There wasn't any rule about not interfering with the opposing sniper. In fact, trying to locate and disrupt your opponent is just a common-sense method of "defense" on the battlefield.*
Narration: *In the third round, Asako shot a branch off an overhanging tree just as I was preparing to fire, shifting the course of the can. I hurriedly adjusted my scope, but she claimed the target a few seconds before I could.*
Narration: *There wasn't any rule against modifying the target's path, either. In the end, I challenged Asako three times and suffered three clear defeats. There wasn't much to do except moan.*
Yuuji: ...Uuugh...
Asako: Uuugh yourself, dumbass. Don't go gettin' cocky just because you got a little real-world experience. Hope I already made this clear, but you're still total crap.
Narration: *In a precision sniping contest held under fair and equal conditions, I was confident Asako wouldn't have beaten me.*
Narration: *However, the battlefield was the stage where I'd put my skills to work, and you couldn't expect a "fair" duel there. Real combat was all about disrupting and deceiving your opponent.*
Asako: Listen up, Yuuji. I'm sure you've heard the saying "tighten your helmet strings in the hour of victory," right? Well, it's right on the money.
Asako: Don't ever let yourself think "I've got this! I'm in peak form today!" That's when you start making stupid fuckin' mistakes. When you screw up out there, you don't come back alive. There's no second chance.
Asako: When you win, you need to think real hard about why you won. And you need to figure out how to do even better next time. You keep workin' at it, and you get smarter.
Asako: The tricks I showed you today are things I repeatedly tried out in the field, then slowly refined and perfected. A few of my "special skills," ya might say.
Asako: I know this sounds kinda extreme, and I didn't mention it before 'cause I was afraid you'd pick up some bad habits... but at the end of the day, snipers with an "ace up their sleeve" are the ones who survive.
Asako: No matter how lousy the conditions are, you land your shot. That's just a given. Still, you want to find advantages that can tilt the playing field more reliably in your favor...
Asako: Nah, maybe it's better to say that you "create" your advantages. When the deck's stacked against you, start off by making yourself a better hand. That's step one for any sniper.
Asako: When you're winning, when everything's going your way... Those are the times when you need to bust your ass. That's how you win the next one, too. Everything you see and hear and feel is a hint that can guide you to victory.
Yuuji: ...Hmmm... For the ramblings of a drunkard, that sounded surprisingly profound...
Asako: Look, kid... I thought you'd be able to understand now, so I gave you a serious fuckin' lecture even though it's embarrassin' as hell. Do ya have to give me attitude?
Yuuji: ...I know, I know. I'm embarrassed too... by my own arrogance. Thanks, Asako... You've made it very clear that I still have a long way to go...
Asako: Don't look below you and relax. Look above you and struggle. I don't know how much longer I'll be around, but feel free to make me your goal.
Yuuji: You're too cool, Asako... I've fallen for you all over again...
Narration: *I was very lucky to have a goal ahead of me on the path I'd chosen to follow.*
Narration: *I'd climbed my way up a flight of stairs, growing with every step. But by the time I reached the landing, my goal had moved even higher up the "staircase."*
Narration: *It seemed like I'd never be able to reach it. And that meant I could chase it forever.*
Narration: *As long as I had Asako, I could keep going.*
Narration: *On that day, my ego received a much-needed reality check, and I realized once again exactly how huge a presence Asako was in my life.*
Narration: *That defeat also made one other thing painfully clear: I didn't know how to flexibly adapt to unexpected circumstances in the field.*
Narration: *No matter how many "tricks" or "techniques" I learned, they weren't going to do me much good unless I could combine and apply them as the situation required.*
Narration: *In other words, my fundamental lack of experience had come back to bite me yet again. It was the inescapable conclusion.*
Narration: *Ever since I started living with Asako, my inexperience had caused me all sorts of problems... but after following her example and joining the military, I thought I'd closed the gap in our practical knowledge.*
Narration: *Of course, my crushing defeat proved otherwise, and I was left more than a little ashamed by my previous arrogance.*
Narration: *After that day, I asked JB to keep me working constantly.*
Narration: *Up until then, she'd been picking out the jobs "only I could handle," limiting the scope of my assignments. It made things simpler, given my unusual background and numerous weaknesses...*
Narration: *But at the end of the day, that meant I was avoiding any real challenges, sabotaging my own potential for growth.*
Narration: *In the words of Kusakabe Asako...*
Asako: "Running around energetically is what being a kid's all about. Without experience or imagination, energy's the only thing you've got goin' for you. Gotta take advantage of it, or there's no point bein' young."
Asako: "You'll have plenty of time to worry about crap like money, time, or health when you're a wrinkly old fart."
Narration: *In other words, experiences or hardships that might seem "pointless" when you're young can actually go a long way toward determining your "breadth as a person" 10 years down the line.*
Narration: *It wasn't so different from what Kazuki used to say: "Live your life imagining the person you'll be 10 years from now."*
Narration: *I nodded and agreed with Asako's words, but... it'd probably be another decade before I really understood them.*
Narration: *In any case, after that day I asked JB to assign me "any job I can possibly handle," as opposed to "the jobs only I can do."*
Narration: *I told her I'd do anything, even dogwalking or babysitting. She took this a bit more literally than I'd expected.*
Narration: *Of course, my "babysitting" stint wasn't exactly your typical part-time job.*
Narration: *After the leaders of a Colombian drug-smuggling organization were exposed, its "accountant" was arrested and offered a plea bargain in exchange for testimony... and he accepted, on the condition that his family's safety would be guaranteed.*
Narration: *What's more, the man insisted he "didn't want to worry" his wife (36) and child (9). They couldn't be placed in protective custody and had to be guarded without their knowledge.*
Narration: *Given the circumstances, eight agents were selected to monitor and protect the family in their current home.*
Narration: *As part of that team, I infiltrated the accountant's home in the role of a "new employee" at the company where he worked, and was tasked mainly with looking after his young daughter.*
Narration: *I took my place as a bodyguard easily enough, but... the girl in question turned out to be a shockingly nasty little brat.*
Narration: *Basically, the kid was just full of herself.*
Narration: *She demanded preferential treatment from everyone at all times, and she fully expected that anything she wanted would become hers. As an only child who'd been spoiled rotten, she didn't even realize how selfish she was being.*
Narration: *I'd have preferred to lock her up in her room, but unfortunately, that wasn't really an option. All too often, I found myself accompanying the little lady on her shopping expeditions as a "bag boy" of sorts.*
Narration: *The instant we entered one of her favorite stores, the 9-year old princess would point her finger at one item after another, demanding "this one! And this one!" until I was about ready to snap.*
Narration: *As the trip wore on, I was trudging along behind her carrying countless bags, almost wishing for some kind of trouble to arise so I'd have an excuse to throw it all aside...*
Narration: *...when the little lady abruptly stopped, turned around, and said "You there. My bootlaces seem to have come undone."*
Narration: *She didn't even bother to add a "would you please?"*
Narration: *Of course, from this little lady's point of view, it was only natural that I'd help. It just wasn't clear how exactly she expected me to do that, given that both my hands were full.*
Narration: *As I stood there trying to decide how to proceed, she shrugged theatrically and said "You Japanese really aren't very considerate, are you?" That was the last straw. Not long after, I found myself whining to JB over the phone.*
Yuuji: ...I've had it... I've had it up to here... I used up the last of my patience resisting the urge to shout "tie your own damn shoes, you brat"... I can't take this anymore... I'm begging you, put someone else in for me...
JB: "Whaaat? Giving up already? You're the one who asked for any job we had available. And aren't women a specialty of yours?"
Yuuji: She's a child, not a "woman"... And more importantly, I'm allergic to people who decide they're "special" and don't even try to put themselves in anyone else's shoes...
JB: "The world's full of people like that. Didn't you want to gain real-life experience?"
JB: "It's like Asako always says... Stay patient, work hard, and be smart. There aren't many problems you can't overcome that way."
Yuuji: ...Ugh... Yeah, but... I'm seriously at my wit's end here... I just don't know how to deal with children...
JB: "Right after she adopted you, Asako worried about the same thing. She was always calling me for advice. Remember the things she tried that made you happy, then use them on that girl."
Yuuji: ...Hrm... You telling me to give her a blowjob?
JB: "I'd be punching you right now if I could. Don't even joke about that."
Yuuji: Ah, wait... I think I get it...
JB: "What...?"
Yuuji: I don't know how to deal with her because I'm thinking of her as a "child." All I have to do is pretend she's a slightly undersized "lady," right?
Yuuji: She already bought herself clothes and a bag, so the next step would be a sappy movie... then a meal at a nice Italian place... I'm starting to get the picture...
Narration: *When she starts tearing up during the cheesy romance movie, glance over and ask "Are you crying?" She'll deny it indignantly. Pretty cute.*
Narration: *When you get to the restaurant, tease her for being a sloppy eater, and wipe her cheek with your napkin...*
Narration: *Then add something like "But I guess that's part of your charm" and watch her face go red. Cute, right?*
Narration: *Once you've gotten through a few after-dinner drinks, she'll inevitably start complaining about her job. Listen quietly. Even if you disagree, don't say so.*
Narration: *Just nod, make sympathetic noises every once in a while, and wait for her to state the conclusion she's already reached well in advance.*
Narration: *Once it finally comes out (along with a deep sigh), offer a bit of gentle advice.*
Narration: *All you need to do is give her a little hint - "maybe you could approach it this way instead?" After that, her stubbornness will melt right away, leaving her surprisingly sweet and grateful. See? She really is cute.*
Yuuji: ...In other words, it's the same as with you.
JB: "Wh-What's that supposed to mean!? Don't go reaching conclusions all on your own!"
Yuuji: Sorry. I think I figured out how to approach this, that's all... Thanks, Julia. You're always there for me when I need you... I really am grateful.
JB: "Uh... okay... Well, that's... Sure. Fine, then..."
Yuuji: ...Mind if I call you up again if I run into any more trouble?
JB: "I'm your case officer... That's what I'm here for."
Yuuji: When I finish up this job, I'll bring a souvenir back to Japan for you. Talk to you later...
JB: "...Watch your back out there. Good luck..."
Narration: *Even loud-mouthed, shaggy-headed women can be sweet and adorable if you adjust your attitude appropriately. I'd already mastered that particular skill.*
Narration: *Thinking of the girl I was protecting as a "mini-JB" made the whole problem seem almost trivially easy.*
Narration: *It was as simple as changing my own mindset.*
Narration: *Of course, a romance movie wouldn't be appropriate for a 9-year old. Buying her dinner, getting her a bit tipsy, and listening to her complain about school wasn't exactly a possibility either.*
Narration: *Instead, I could just follow Asako's example and take the little lady to the nearest zoo.*
Narration: *Afterward, we could stop to eat at one of the nicer "kid-friendly" restaurants in town. At that point, a casual question like "Is school fun?" should get her to open up a bit.*
Narration: *My side of the conversation, of course, would be nothing but the occasional "I see," "That's amazing," or "It's not your fault."*
Narration: *At the very end, I'd just act sympathetic and give some vague advice like "Why don't you start by trying to resolve their misunderstandings?"*
Yuuji: ...Hrm... This would definitely work on JB, but will that apply for the "mini-JB" subspecies as well...?
Narration: *Combining "tricks" as the situation dictates, you find your way to the correct answer. Sometimes you force your way there. When you're at a disadvantage, you flip it into an advantage.*
Narration: *That's probably what it means to be "flexible."*
Narration: *Knowledge and experience you gain in one field can often be applied creatively in many others.*
Narration: *When you view something you're "bad at" through the lens of something you're "good at," even problems that seemed impossible sometimes melt away easily.*
Narration: *I'd almost given up on life entirely once. Now, I was starting to think I might be getting the hang of it. But before I could really savor that feeling, a certain phone call arrived.*
Yuuji: ...JB, huh...?
Yuuji: Hey, JB. Nice timing. Do you want a penguin or a polar bear for your souvenir?
JB: "This isn't the time! You need to come back to Japan right now! ASAP!"
Yuuji: ...What happened?
JB: "Asako collapsed. There isn't much time. Hurry!"
Yuuji: All right.
Narration: *―Clouds always follow the sunshine.*
Narration: *The times when you think everything's going well are when you're in the greatest danger.*
Narration: *The moment you let down your guard, the devil's hand reaches out for you.*
Narration: *The moment I got that phone call, my mind went absolutely blank.*
Narration: *I couldn't immediately process the things JB was telling me. And I don't remember exactly how I replied, either.*
Yuuji: ...I've got to get back...
Narration: *There was nothing else in my mind.*
Narration: *I had to get back as soon as I possibly could.*
Narration: *That single thought swirled through my mind again and again.*
Narration: *Asako collapsed...?*
Narration: *...There isn't much time?*
Narration: *What was that supposed to mean?*
Narration: *I don't even remember the way I got back to Japan after receiving that phone call from JB.*
Narration: *I know I kept my cell phone clutched tightly in my hand the whole way.*
Narration: *When I finally looked up after hours of staring at my feet, I found signs in Japanese around me, but the meaning of the characters didn't register. It almost felt like I was dreaming.*
Narration: *"Don't panic... It won't do anyone any good... You need to calm down!"*
Narration: *I glanced down at my watch, but couldn't read the numbers on its face. I couldn't bring myself to care, either. What did the time matter?*
Narration: *Realizing that I could barely feel my feet touching the ground, I abruptly stopped walking and looked down at the screen of my cell phone, which I'd been holding for god knows how long. The notification light was flashing.*
Narration: *I'd received three emails. All of them were from JB.*
Narration: *The first was a simple summary of what had happened to Asako and the location of the hospital where she'd been admitted - with a street map attached.*
Narration: *The second contained a time table showing the quickest way for me to return to Japan, along with a simple certificate that granted me emergency permission to utilize military transport.*
Narration: *The third message said that Asako had been discharged from the hospital at her own insistence and explained that her physical condition remained highly unstable.*
Yuuji: ...In other words... I need to head back to Yamanashi...
Narration: *Belatedly, the meaning of the words on my screen sank home.*
Narration: *Looking up from my cell phone, I glanced around and hailed a nearby taxi, then gave the driver the name of the mountain where Asako's cabin stood.*
Narration: *I was aware Asako had entered the reserve primarily because of her poor health. And I knew her illness was a kind of "vein thrombosis."*
Narration: *The original cause was a capillary rupture she'd suffered in her youth when hit by a shot from a large-caliber gun. Its after-effects had grown progressively worse over the years.*
Narration: *Looking back on it now, there were more than a few warning signs.*
Narration: *In the middle of cooking something, her hands would go numb, and she'd drop a knife to the floor.*
Narration: *Sometimes she'd look me right in the face but struggle to remember my name for a moment.*
Narration: *Her right eye slowly lost its vision, until eventually it couldn't even tell darkness from light.*
Narration: *Once or twice, she broke down sobbing after a few drinks, and I had to carry her to bed.*
Narration: *In retrospect, all of that was probably related to the blood clot that was forming near her brain stem.*
Asako: "I've put this body through hell for a long, long time... Not much point treatin' it kindly now..."
Narration: *Watching Asako try to put a brave face on, I'd told myself that it was my turn to protect her. I'd assumed that vein thrombosis was a curable condition.*
Narration: *Of course, she'd been going to a doctor and receiving periodic treatment. An ordinary case of thrombosis might very well have cleared up.*
Narration: *The "booster" drugs she'd been using habitually for many years probably had something to do with the way things turned out.*
Narration: *Her blood vessels were already fragile, and the thrombosis had caused multiple chronic inflammations. There wasn't much the doctors could do.*
JB: ...Yuuji...
Yuuji: Sorry I'm late... How's Asako doing?
JB: She's been slipping in and out of sleep since yesterday... and the periods when she's conscious are getting shorter and shorter...
Yuuji: ...I see...
Narration: *This cabin had been our "den" for a long time. Over the years, Asako and I had ingrained it with our scents.*
Narration: *Whenever I returned, she'd been waiting here to welcome me back with a smile. But now the place seemed oddly empty and cold.*
Narration: *In the same bedroom where we'd slept in each other's arms, Asako was lying with her eyes shut, silent and alone.*
Yuuji: I'm home, Asako... Sorry it took so long...
Narration: *Twitching in response to my voice, Asako slowly woke from her slumber.*
Asako: ......
Narration: *She stared up at me, barely holding her eyes open, and extended her hand without a word.*
Narration: *I silently took it in mine, following her example.*
Narration: *Asako's hand was much colder than I'd imagined it would be.*
Narration: *It didn't belong to the woman I'd known.*
Narration: *This hand had wrapped itself around mine when I was young, but it felt very small now.*
Asako: ...Welcome back... Yuuji...
Narration: *Asako's voice was slightly raspy. The sound of it filled my chest with an inexpressible sadness.*
Narration: *The woman I'd known didn't have such a weak voice.*
Narration: *She was a force of nature. A human tornado. A superwoman.*
Yuuji: ...Hey, Asako... Are you going to die...?
Asako: ...Yep...
Yuuji: There's... nothing they can do...?
Asako: Yeah... I've known it was coming for years now...
Yuuji: I can't... do anything...?
Asako: ...You've got plenty of things to do, kid...
Yuuji: Who cares about that crap? Weren't you going to decide the meaning of my life for me...?
Asako: Sorry, Yuuji... after all that about teaching you how to live, the best I could do was train you for a job in the shadows...
Yuuji: What are you saying...? I'm still just a stupid kid... no good at anything I try... didn't you tell me... I've got a hell of a long way to go...? Don't go dying on me now, damn it...
Asako: Haha... You're still such a baby, kid... Didn't I tell you a man shouldn't cry over every little thing?
Yuuji: ...Shut up... Someone I love just told me she's dying, so let me cry if I want to...
Asako: Listen, Yuuji... People are born to die... Everything with a form eventually breaks down, and everything that's breathing eventually stops...
Asako: You won't really understand the reason you were born... until the moment you die...
Asako: I've been talking down to you for a long time, but... fact is, I didn't know the meaning of my own damn life... and the way I lived, it could've ended at any time...
Asako: Even so... right now, I think I'm finally starting to understand...
Asako: I lived as a soldier, so I needed to go out like one. And a soldier doesn't croak until they've done what they need to do...
Asako: I killed a lot of "bad guys" because I convinced myself I didn't have a choice... I saved a lot of "good guys," too... I did everything I could out there...
Asako: And on top of it all... I managed to keep you alive, Yuuji... That's good enough for one life, right...?
Yuuji: Don't be so damn irresponsible... I'm only here because you saved me... and now you want to leave me on my own...?
Yuuji: Listen, Asako... If you can't pull the trigger any more, I'll do it for you...
Yuuji: I'd do... anything for you, all right...?
Yuuji: You're the only thing I have left... What am I supposed to do with my life if you're gone...?
Yuuji: My whole life was one betrayal after another... but at the end, I decided to trust you... to live for you...
Yuuji: You were my goal... The one thing that kept me going... You can't just disappear on me...
Asako: ...It's fine... You can live for your own sake now...
Asako: You can do anything... No matter how many times you stumble, you'll get back up again... That's the sort of man I raised you to be...
Yuuji: You don't understand! I could do anything because I had you! I could endure anything! I knew I had a home waiting for me! That's why I never gave up, no matter how bad things got!
Yuuji: And now... what am I supposed to do now...? Please, Asako...
Yuuji: Am I just going to stand here... and lose someone else I love...? What's the point of a future without you, anyway...?
Asako: You'll just have to figure that out for yourself... Flounder around all you want... Life's all about the struggle, see...? Don't try to make things easy on yourself...
Yuuji: You're one to talk! Don't just... give up, damn it... Makes your lectures a lot less convincing...
Asako: Haha... Cute. But I'm not like you, kid. I'm allowed to die...
Asako: Y'know, some soldiers kick the bucket their first day in action... and others just keep surviving, no matter how many brutal battles you throw 'em into...
Asako: ...The difference between the two... is the difference between someone who's done enough... given their all... and someone who's still got things left to do... before they're allowed to die...
Asako: I've... finally gotten permission... Understand, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: ...What the hell's that supposed to mean...? Who gave you "permission"...? God...?
Asako: Dunno... Sounds about right, I guess...
Yuuji: ...That old asshole... Give me his address and social security number... I'll blow his brains out from 2000 meters...
Asako: Haha... hahahahaha... You're such an idiot, kid... Don't make me laugh too much... Hah...
Asako: ...Haaa...
Asako: ...What time is it right now, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: 4:13 in the afternoon...
Asako: No kidding... The stars... are real pretty today, huh...?
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: ...Yeah... they're beautiful...
Asako: A few days after I took you in... when you slipped out of your bed that one night... the sky looked a lot like this, didn't it...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Asako: What were you thinking... when you stared at it...?
Yuuji: ...I don't remember...
Asako: ...Figures... Thought you'd say that...
Asako: ...Man, I'm... a little tired... Can I sleep now...?
Yuuji: Yeah... Sleep well, Asako...
Asako: ......
Narration: *I watched as Asako fell quietly and peacefully into sleep. In the end, she never woke up again.*
Narration: *Strangely enough, I didn't cry.*
Narration: *All I could feel was a dazed awareness of the cold, gaping hole in my heart.*
Narration: *JB couldn't find much to say to me, but she quietly took care of Asako's body.*
Narration: *There was no funeral.*
Narration: *After all, anyone who'd come to Kusakabe Asako's funeral was probably going to end up in exactly the same place as her sooner or later.*
Narration: *By the time my master's body was cremated, I'd managed to regain at least a little presence of mind.*
Narration: *When JB came back from the crematorium and told me an old 9mm bullet had emerged from the remains, I even managed to crack a smile. Typical Asako.*
Narration: *―Still, I didn't feel much of anything.*
Narration: *On some level, I didn't really believe that Asako was never coming back to this cabin.*
Narration: *All I had to do was close my eyes, and I could see her... swinging open the bedroom door with a yawn, her hair unkempt... scratching her big behind... poking her head into the fridge to find a beer...*
Narration: *And the images were so vivid, I could almost convince myself they were real.*
Narration: *I saw these ghostly traces of Asako constantly. And so, I had to keep reminding myself that she was gone. Over and over again.*
Narration: *―Where do people go when they die, anyway...?*
Narration: *If I died as well... would I end up in the same place as Asako...?*
Narration: *―I'd go to the station where I'd waited for my mother and board a train in the beautiful sunset.*
Narration: *Simple as that. I'd take the train to wherever Asako was.*
Narration: *All the people I loved were probably there, waiting for my arrival.*
Narration: *But I couldn't go to them. Not yet.*
Narration: *I didn't have permission to die yet.*
Narration: *Asako had left me something to do.*
Narration: *Until I saved the lives of five people, I wasn't allowed to die.*
Narration: *It was the only chance I had left to find some kind of meaning in my survival.*
Narration: *Still... someday, in the red glow of a summer sunset, I'd board that train―*
Narration: *I no longer had anything left to live for, but I still had something left to do.*
Narration: *Tell me something, Asako. Did you dump that "job" on me knowing you didn't have long to live?*
Narration: *Did you deliberately leave me a nasty piece of "homework" so I wouldn't try to follow you?*
Narration: *...You're an idiot, you know that...?*
Narration: *I'm not the quitter you think I am. Not any more.*
Narration: *I'll try struggling with life for a while, just like you said...*
Narration: *But right now, I'm kind of tired... I don't want to move for a while.*
Narration: *Let me lie here like this... just a little longer.*
Yuuji: ...Owww!!
Yuuji: What the hell!?
JB: ...Whoa, what a shock! He lives...!
Yuuji: ...JB...
JB: What exactly have you been doing for the last week?
JB: You don't answer the phone no matter how many times I call. I left you messages, but you never called back. And when I actually come over, I find you lying on the floor! I thought you were dead or something.
Yuuji: Oh... sorry... Where'd I put my phone, anyway...?
JB: It was lying next to the front door. The battery's dead, by the way.
Yuuji: Right... I tossed it over there right after I got back to Japan. Must've just forgotten about it...
JB: ...I don't really want to say this under the circumstances, but you need to get a hold of yourself...
Yuuji: Yeah, probably...
Narration: *Asako's death had to be hitting JB hard, too.*
Narration: *Even so, the woman hadn't let herself shed a single tear in front of me.*
Narration: *I knew she was incredibly sad, but she was trying to be strong anyway.*
Narration: *"Get it together" had to be the last thing she wanted to hear right about now, but she was saying it anyway. For my sake.*
Narration: *After slowly exhaling the air inside my lungs, I drew a deep, quiet breath.*
Yuuji: ...Haaah... Okay. So why are you here? Do I have a job?
JB: Nope. I'm here to help with the move.
Yuuji: What? Who's moving?
JB: You are.
Yuuji: ...To where?
JB: My apartment.
Yuuji: Why?
JB: Because you're going to fall apart if I leave you alone.
Yuuji: ...Ah, I see...
Narration: *She had a point. Staying in a cabin where Asako's scent still lingered in the air would just keep my mind running in circles. This place was paralyzing me.*
Narration: *If moving could change my mood even slightly, it probably wasn't a bad idea.*
Narration: *The "move" itself didn't take particularly long. It only took me ten minutes to push all my possessions into a backpack.*
Narration: *After depositing it in the trunk of JB's bright yellow car, I took a nap in the passenger's seat. By the time I woke up, we'd arrived at my new residence.*
Narration: *―JB's apartment building stood in the Akasaka district of the Minato ward. From Roppongi Street, you reached it by climbing a hill lined with cherry blossom trees; a hotel owned by an airline was visible nearby.*
Narration: *I was a little impressed that she managed to live in a neighborhood this nice, considering that CIRS wasn't exactly known for its generous salaries...*
Narration: *But I had to assume that they paid the desk types a good deal better than us field agents, whose pitifully low base wages were supplemented by commissions.*
Yuuji: ...Nice place.
JB: Well, it's not really mine. Someone's just letting me borrow it.
Yuuji: What? Who's letting you borrow an apartment like this?
JB: Uncle Sam. He's a real sweet guy, once you get to know him.
Yuuji: Ah, I see...
Narration: *Basically, she was using a spare apartment Uncle Sam had purchased near the American Embassy as housing for important diplomats.*
Narration: *Somehow or other, this shaggy-head had earned herself the title of "Auxiliary Section Chief" in Central Intelligence and Research's Second Division. That was probably enough to earn her a few perks like this.*
Narration: *Shaggy as she might be, she really was one hell of a career woman... on top of which, she drove an expensive Italian car and lived in a pricey Akasaka apartment.*
Yuuji: ...I don't understand why you have such trouble getting men, JB...
JB: Excuse me? Where did that come from...? And why are you thinking it over so seriously?
Yuuji: Guess it's because you're a little annoying? Nothing else comes to mind...
JB: Oh, shut up! I'm just prioritizing my job! It's not that I have trouble attracting men, all right? And don't call me annoying!
Yuuji: Sorry... I meant it as a compliment.
JB: How is that a compliment!? ...*Sigh*... Well, whatever. The room in the back is open, so use it however you like.
Yuuji: ...All right...
Narration: *―I tried my best to adapt to my new lifestyle in this "comfortable" environment.*
Narration: *Living with someone who shared my sadness would make everything easier on us both. We'd be able to support each other. That was what I thought, at least.*
Narration: *It proved to be a good deal more complicated and difficult than I expected. The two of us couldn't quite figure it out.*
Narration: *Even so, it's not like living with JB was exactly unpleasant.*
JB: "...Wake up, Yuuji..."
Yuuji: ...Yeah... I'm awake...
JB: ...Good morning. You look awful... Were you up all night again?
Yuuji: No, I slept just fine. Saw a weird dream, that's all...
JB: I see... I've got to head out to work now. Think you can get breakfast for yourself?
Yuuji: It's fine. Don't worry about it... I'll take out the garbage, so you can just leave that.
JB: This isn't a garbage bag. I bought you some clothes, so try them out when you leave the apartment, okay...? Also, make sure you take your phone with you.
Yuuji: Got it...
JB: Also, I'm leaving some money on the table, so buy yourself whatever you want for lunch.
Yuuji: Thanks...
JB: Well then, I need to get going...
Yuuji: Right... See you later...
Narration: *―The smell of coffee. The sound of a television set left on.*
Narration: *Whenever JB left for work, her apartment instantly became a much larger and lonelier place.*
Narration: *Pouring myself a cup of coffee from what remained in the pot, I took an orange and some natto from the fridge, then cut a thick slice from a loaf of 1800-yen bread.*
Narration: *I opened the package of natto, mixed in the included mustard and sauce, and stirred the beans around.*
Narration: *Once the mixture was nice and sticky, I added a bit of mayo and stirred it up again.*
Narration: *Plopping this mixture onto my piece of bread, I added a bit of sliced cheese, then slipped it into the toaster oven.*
Narration: *As I waited for the machine to toast my breakfast, I took a few sips from my cup of caffeine-free coffee. It was oddly flavorless.*
Narration: *Opening the curtains, I looked down to see that JB's Modena was just poking its yellow nose out of the building's underground garage.*
Narration: *Her flashy "prancing horse" would be warming up in traffic before long. No doubt she'd end up locked in another battle with her commuting rival, a red-brown "Gallardo" made by a tractor company with a water buffalo for a logo.*
Yuuji: ...Oh, it's done...
Narration: *There wasn't a toaster in JB's apartment originally.*
Narration: *Until I arrived, she'd just been using the "toaster mode" on her microwave. But I really wanted a traditional model, so I'd picked one up for 2,000 yen at a Shinjuku electronics retailer.*
Yuuji: ...Tastes good...
Narration: *A luxury apartment, full of luxury furnishings.*
Narration: *In this sleek, high-class environment, the cheap toaster on the kitchen counter stuck out like a sore thumb.*
Narration: *We had a great deal in common, me and that toaster.*
Narration: *We weren't completely useless, but we just didn't fit in here.*
Narration: *JB and Asako...*
Narration: *For two old friends who'd grown up in the same orphanage, they certainly approached life in different ways.*
Narration: *―That morning, I'd dreamed of Asako for the first time in a while.*
Narration: *In my dream, Asako had been chopping up cabbages from the garden out behind her cabin and stuffing them into beer mugs...*
Narration: *...then adding crushed ice drenched in French dressing, producing a bizarre concoction she referred to as "ice-cabbage."*
Narration: *"My god, she never stops with the creative cuisine..."*
Narration: *Glancing over at me as I watched in horror, Asako had proceeded to grab bits of cold, crisp cabbage with her chopsticks, while simultaneously guzzling sweet potato shochu on the rocks.*
Narration: *If I'd told JB about this, she would probably have answered "That sounds like Asako, all right," with a gentle smile.*
Narration: *But even so... I was trying not to mention Asako around JB when I could possibly help it.*
Narration: *For her part, JB seemed to be avoiding the subject, and it didn't seem to make her too happy when I brought it up.*
Narration: *The two of us couldn't keep looking back forever. At some point, we had to start moving forward.*
Narration: *―Once I finished my breakfast, I washed my face and brushed my teeth.*
Narration: *There were three toothbrushes on the stand just outside the bathroom.*
Narration: *Until the other day, there had only been one.*
Narration: *There was a reason for this sudden increase, of course.*
Narration: *It was three days after I moved in...*
JB: Have you gotten used to living here yet?
Yuuji: Hm, well... more or less.
JB: If we're missing anything, just let me know, okay? I'll pick up anything you need.
Yuuji: Uh, let's see... Oh, right. How about a firmer toothbrush? Yours is way too soft.
JB: ...What?
Yuuji: I like the kind with stiffer hairs. It's not that big a deal, though. I can just buy one at the convenience store...
JB: Uh, hold on, that's not the issue here. Look, Yuuji... Did you use my toothbrush? The one that belongs to me? To brush your teeth?
Yuuji: You said I could use anything in the apartment, didn't you...? Was it off-limits?
JB: Gaaah!! I was so sure everyone had their own!! To think my own common sense would betray me!!
JB: What a blunder... This kid's got the same worldview as Asako, doesn't he? How could I let myself forget that...?
Yuuji: Sorry, JB...
JB: Fine... A toothbrush... Got it... I'll go get you one... with stiffer hairs...
Narration: *I hadn't been aware of this previously, but apparently I was just as "crude" as Asako in some respects.*
Narration: *Ever since that day, there were three toothbrushes in the apartment: mine, JB's, and the one she'd used before I moved in.*
Narration: *I didn't really mind. JB was probably in the right, and a few minor hassles seemed to be par for the course with women.*
Narration: *When I finished brushing my teeth and washing my face, I glanced into the mirror and realized my hair had grown out a little.*
Narration: *Sooner or later, JB would probably tell me to cut it.*
Narration: *That was the sort of woman she was.*
Narration: *After returning to my room, I dressed myself.*
Narration: *For some reason, JB seemed to enjoy buying me clothes.*
Narration: *When I lived in that cabin with Asako, I'd never given much thought to what I wore. We were both the kind of people who felt perfectly at home running around in blue track pants and a combat jacket.*
Narration: *They do say that a man's wardrobe tends to change depending on the woman he's with, but I think JB was actively trying to change me from the clothes up.*
Narration: *The outfit she'd left me on this particular morning was, as usual, a bit much.*
Narration: *First, there was a black Italian shirt, tight-fitting and narrow in the arms. (The collar was designed to be worn widely open.)*
Narration: *She'd also picked out a banker-stripe suit to go along with it. (What's more, the color was a highly regal shade of purple.)*
Narration: *The suit was unusually short in the arms, so you were probably supposed to fold the cuffs of your inner shirt over the sleeves of the jacket.*
Narration: *When I tried on the pants, I discovered they were also very "slim." If I sweated while sitting down in these things, they'd probably glue themselves to my thighs.*
Narration: *To top it all off, a bottle of French cologne tumbled noisily out of the bag. Apparently she even wanted to decide my body odor for me.*
Narration: *The instructions (in French, naturally) indicated I should spray it on my neck, behind my ears, on my wrists, and on either side of my abdomen. I hadn't struggled my way through training in five languages for this.*
Narration: *Putting on the shirt, jacket, and silver necklace to complete the outfit JB had left me, I stood in front of the mirror and evaluated myself.*
Yuuji: ...I'm either an intellectual yakuza or a Roppongi host...
Narration: *If I walked around Yamanashi wearing something like this, they'd probably heckle me for "dressin' like a peacock." If I went to the harbor in Shizuoka, it'd be "where ya headed in them purty clothes, brother?"*
Narration: *Then again, this was Akasaka, right next door to Roppongi... I probably wouldn't stand out too much in a neighborhood like this.*
Narration: *Sooner or later, I'd probably grow accustomed to my new life here.*
Narration: *Right. "Accustomed."*
Narration: *In other words, I still had to adapt myself to the world around me. And honestly, it felt a bit stifling.*
Narration: *That wasn't just true for me. I think it applied for JB as well.*
Narration: *It was a fact that Asako was dead. We had to accept that and accustom ourselves to it.*
Narration: *But that proved much more difficult than either of us had expected.*
Narration: *Even when we talked about work, Asako's name would inevitably pop up when the discussion turned to specific tactics or general strategy.*
Narration: *During meals, just seeing a favorite of Asako's on the table would remind us of her.*
Narration: *Eventually, we began to fall silent every time she came up in conversation.*
Narration: *Kusakabe Asako had been an even larger part of us than we'd known.*
Narration: *Words almost spoken, trapped by our closed mouths, curdled to frustration in our chests.*
Narration: *The memory of Asako became a thorn in our hearts.*
Narration: *By the time things got this far, the two of us no longer knew how to interact with each other.*
Narration: *We tried to fill the holes in our hearts by holding each other. Hurting each other.*
Narration: *No... I was hurting JB, that's all. Out of selfish sadness.*
Narration: *I'd lost one woman, and now I was taking my pain out on another.*
Narration: *Even so, JB accepted my actions without saying a thing. Maybe she knew it was the only form of comfort she could offer me.*
Narration: *Her kindness was almost unbearable.*
Narration: *Sometimes, when I thought about how dependent I was on her compassion, the guilt and shame would bring me to the verge of tears.*
Narration: *Whenever JB saw me holding back the urge to cry, tears filled her eyes as well, and she hugged me tightly.*
Narration: *We had to find a better way forward than this.*
Narration: *We needed to live more boldly. More crudely.*
Narration: *The way Asako had...*
JB: ...If you can't help remembering when you're around me... then maybe we shouldn't be together...
Narration: *When JB got home late from work, she'd take a bath, have a few drinks, and say the same things she always did.*
Yuuji: ...You don't have to worry about me...
Narration: *As she slumped back on the couch, I stood behind her, using a dryer on her hair and giving her my usual replies.*
JB: ...Maybe I'm the one it's hardest for... Sorry, Yuuji. Forget I said anything...
Narration: *Tears rolling down her face, JB fell asleep right there on the couch.*
Narration: *My heart aching, I picked her up without a word and carried her to her bed.*
Narration: *One day, after things had continued like this for some time, JB left for work and didn't come back.*
Narration: *Periodically, she'd check in over the phone.*
Narration: *JB claimed she was "busy with work," but in reality, she was probably just avoiding me... or the suffocating sadness that had come between us.*
Narration: *Without her around, the apartment was nothing more than a well-furnished birdcage. I might as well have stayed shut up in Asako's cabin.*
Narration: *―What was I supposed to do now?*
Narration: *They say life's a journey. And when you lose sight of your destination, it's usually best to turn back and retrace your steps.*
Narration: *But Kusakabe Asako had always been my home. Now that she was gone, where was I supposed to return to?*
Narration: *―A journey, huh...*
Narration: *Come to think of it, I hadn't done much in the way of traveling.*
Narration: *I don't know when this was exactly, or how the topic came up, but I did talk to Asako about traveling once.*
Asako: ...Hm? Hokkaido? Yeah, I've been.
Yuuji: ...For a job?
Asako: Nope. Personal trip.
Yuuji: ...To fight a bear?
Asako: The hell...? I just did some sightseeing, kid.
Yuuji: Hmm... Did you take a bus tour or something?
Asako: Nope, I hate those things. Remember that oil-cooled piece of junk in the shed out back? I rode up on that.
Yuuji: ...Oh, the motorcycle... What's wrong with bus tours, though?
Asako: C'mon, those things are the fuckin' pits. It's nothin' but "Okay, everyone, time's up. Look at this, please. Look at that, please." They even tell ya when to take a dump, for cryin' out loud.
Asako: Where's the fun in a trip where ya come home with nothin' but fatigue to remember it by?
Yuuji: ...I've never been on a trip, so I can't really say...
Asako: Listen, Yuuji. When you travel, what matters is the things you find for yourself... the things you bring back home with you. If you want to see the same crap as everyone else, there's no reason to bother takin' a trip.
Asako: Get out there on your own. Ride your bike whichever way you feel like; when you spot something interesting, stop to take a look. Head down roads you don't recognize. Don't worry if you get "lost."
Asako: See things and feel things for yourself. Make your own discoveries. Learn your own lessons.
Asako: Once you've done enough of that, you'll start to look at things in ways other people don't.
Asako: Havin' a bit of a unique perspective can actually come in real handy when you're working in the military. Catch my drift?
Yuuji: Yeah... Well, more or less...
Asako: More or less...? Well, guess that figures...
Asako: All right then! Once you get your license, let's ride to Hokkaido! After a month or so up there, you'll start seein' the world a little differently.
Yuuji: ...What about work?
Asako: I'm not a damn office drone. I'll just take some time off.
Yuuji: ...I think an "office drone" would have less trouble taking a vacation, actually...
Asako: Don't sweat the small stuff! We'll ride up to Hokkaido on our bikes, then split up and look around for ourselves. Got it?
Yuuji: ...Why even bother going together, then?
Asako: Don't be an idiot. If ya follow me around and let me tell you what to look at, it's the same as a damn tour bus. We'll decide on a place to meet up later, then head our separate ways.
Asako: Once we're done, we'll crack open a few beers at the campground and talk about all the things we saw. It'll definitely be more fun that way, and we'll get double the stories from one trip, see?
Yuuji: ...Sure. I guess we'll need two cameras, then...
Asako: At first, it's a little nervewracking on your own. You'll be so focused on keeping your motorcycle goin' that you won't spare a thought for the scenery.
Asako: But once you get used to it, you'll start noticing all sorts of stuff. Eventually you'll find yourself singin' inside your helmet at the top of your lungs, enjoyin' the solitude.
Asako: If you're worried about getting lonely, you can bring John along with you.
Asako: All you gotta do is make her lie real flat on top of the tank, see? Takin' a dog on a trip like that makes ya realize how reassurin' it can be, just having one around.
Yuuji: ...Hmmm...
Asako: Compared to a tour bus, you'll get sidetracked a lot. But the thing is, Yuuji... wasting time is what life's all about. The more time you spend doing "pointless" stuff, the better off you'll be. It's the secret to enjoying life.
Asako: Well, guess a little punk like you wouldn't understand yet. Hahahaha!
Narration: *―Some day, let's go to Hokkaido.*
Narration: *That proposal of Asako's never actually became a reality.*
Narration: *But that didn't mean it was too late for me.*
Narration: *I hadn't known what to do with myself after losing her, but now, I was starting to get an idea of how to move forward.*
Yuuji: ...Long story short, I'm going to leave and have myself a bit of a journey...
JB: ...Where are you planning to go?
Yuuji: Hmm, good question... Guess I'll just go with the breeze for now...
JB: In other words... you've lost your bearings, so you're going to let the wind carry you...?
Yuuji: Sure. I'm still a Marine at heart, I guess.
JB: ...Are you going to come back?
Yuuji: ...Of course I am... Absolutely...
Yuuji: I mean, this is me we're talking about. I'll probably come asking you for help if I run into any trouble...
JB: ...Now I'm worried... You do have money, right?
Yuuji: Yeah, I've got a bit saved away... and if I run out, I'll just look for work locally...
JB: ...Well, fine... Have a nice trip. Just make sure not to lose your cell phone, all right?
Yuuji: That's a surprise. I was sure you'd try to stop me...
JB: Did you want me to?
Yuuji: I mean, you're going to be lonely without me around, right? Especially at night...
JB: Oh, get lost already. What an idiot...
Narration: *At first, I figured I'd head up to Hokkaido and go looking at the same things Asako had seen...*
Narration: *But deciding on a destination beforehand felt a little wrong, somehow.*
Narration: *For the time being, I returned to Asako's cabin and retrieved her motorcycle from the shed out back.*
Narration: *Taking the battery off its trickle-charger, I reinstalled it on the oversized, oil-cooled 1100cc bike, then pressed the self-starter switch.*
Narration: *I'd half-expected some trouble with the engine, but it started up just fine on the first try.*
Narration: *Then again, I'd taken the bike for a ride about four months previously...*
Narration: *And when I was done, I'd removed the battery and added a fuel stabilizer to the tank and carburetor, so there wasn't any real reason to be surprised.*
Narration: *As long as the engine started up, there wasn't much else to worry about.*
Narration: *Once I tied my backpack to the tandem seat, my packing was basically complete.*
Narration: *Next, I put on my riding gear: a pair of deerskin gloves, a leather double-riders jacket from the UK, and engineer boots with visible wear on the left instep (where the shift pedal rested).*
Narration: *All I had to do was strap on Asako's old silver jet helmet, and I could leave any time I pleased.*
Narration: *―Soon enough, I was on my way.*
Narration: *Doing the things Asako had done... seeing the things she'd seen... wasn't going to help me regain any of the things I'd lost.*
Narration: *But it was the only way I could think of to fill the hole her death had left in my heart.*
Narration: *I hadn't decided on a destination, but just riding around randomly wouldn't be any different from taking a walk. I kept unconsciously following roads I was already familiar with.*
Narration: *Deliberately choosing routes I'd never taken before, I circled up and down Honshu for a good two weeks. Ultimately, I found myself heading for Hokkaido, the same way Asako had.*
Narration: *I tried to take the ferry in Oarai, but there weren't any tickets available, so I rode over to Sendai instead.*
Narration: *They didn't have many spots for two-wheeled vehicles on the ferry, so if you wanted to be on the safe side it was best to reserve a spot in advance. As soon as I heard that, I ordered a ticket using the web browser on my cell phone.*
Narration: *From Sendai, I'd be riding over to Tomakomai. The ferry left at 8 PM, but I got there at 3:30 in the afternoon, so I ended up napping on the second floor of the terminal.*
Narration: *In time, the boat pulled into the harbor, let off the passengers from Nagoya, and finally allowed us to board.*
Narration: *I'd taken a few boat rides inside of combat vehicles, but this was my first time taking a motorcycle onto a ferry. Honestly, the process made me a little nervous.*
Narration: *Given the size of my bike, I had to be very careful. If I opened the throttle, the rear wheel might skid on the metal deck; one panicked squeeze of the front brake might send me toppling over.*
Narration: *Following the staff's instructions, I made my way toward the bottom of the boat, put on my handle lock, and tied the motorcycle down, leaving it in low gear. It seemed to be fixed firmly in place.*
Narration: *They explained I wouldn't be able to touch the bike again until we reached Hokkaido, so I took my backpack off the rear and headed up to the passenger cabin.*
Narration: *Eventually, a gong rang out to signal our departure, and the ferry set sail with a bit of assistance from a tugboat. Outside the cabin window, the lights of Sendai harbor and the city beyond rolled slowly by.*
Narration: *I left mainland Japan behind with a silent farewell, swearing that I'd return one day with my strength renewed... or something like that.*
Narration: *The ferry reached Tomakomai a bit past 10 the next morning, and the passengers promptly began to disembark. After untying my motorcycle, I waited for the four-wheeled vehicles to finish, then finally made my way off the boat and onto northern soil.*
Narration: *My first impression of Hokkaido was simple: it was a seriously spacious place.*
Narration: *The roads were all very wide. And once you got a bit outside a town, you tended to find a whole lot of nothing.*
Narration: *Glancing down at my trip meter, I realized it had been 168 km since the last time I refueled the tank. I rode around looking for a gasoline station, but to my surprise, there were none to be found.*
Narration: *On the verge of panic, I stopped my bike and took out a road map.*
Narration: *Using my cell phone to pinpoint my location, I scoured the map and found that the nearest gas station seemed to be over in Iwamizawa.*
Narration: *After finally getting my hands on some gasoline, I was wondering what to do next when a small group of bikers rode by, their motorcycles burdened with luggage.*
Narration: *I followed them on a whim; they led me past a city famous for its melons and ultimately to a place called Nissho Pass.*
Narration: *I stopped to eat at a drive-in there and asked a biker in his 50s who looked like a veteran where I could find the local campground. He pointed it out on my map.*
Narration: *I suppose I'd gotten used to city living, but Hokkaido really did seem huge at first.*
Narration: *I couldn't remember the last time I'd seen the horizon like this. It almost felt like I was in a foreign country.*
Narration: *The road stretched out endlessly in front of me.*
Narration: *I was riding a gas-guzzler that couldn't manage more than 20 km per liter, so the numbers on my trip meter were a source of some real anxiety. I made a habit of fueling up every chance I got.*
Narration: *Who knew if there'd even be another gas station after this one?*
Narration: *Had Asako felt the same way, looking out on this scenery?*
Narration: *For no particular reason, I picked up a pack of the cigarettes that Asako always used to smoke from a gas station.*
Narration: *After smoking a single one, my eyes started spinning, and I ended up developing a headache. I don't think this is going to become a habit.*
Narration: *My ninth day in Hokkaido.*
Narration: *In the campground at night, I noticed a man heating his food inside an empty can, which he held over a small gas stove.*
Narration: *He told me it was a good way to cook simple meals for one, since you could just throw away the can later. No need to bother finding water to wash your mess kit.*
Narration: *Seemed pretty logical. I was a bit impressed.*
Narration: *When I tried it out for myself, it worked well enough, but the food tasted noticeably worse than usual. I decided to file this trick away under "might come in handy some day."*
Narration: *Day 12.*
Narration: *Leaning into the fairing as I barrelled down a long straightaway, all I could hear was the sound of my engine, exhaust system, and drive chain.*
Narration: *Somehow, it felt like the world had left me behind. Irrational anxiety rose up inside me.*
Narration: *I'd never been that social a person, but right now I wanted to see another human being so badly I felt like screaming.*
Narration: *For lack of a better alternative, I gave it a try.*
Yuuji: Asakooooooo!!!!
Narration: *I'd come all the way up north, and here I was shouting the name of a dead woman. Pretty pathetic, really.*
Narration: *I didn't have any intention of forgetting her, but maybe it was about time to work on moving forward.*
Narration: *Day 15.*
Narration: *I found myself behind an American motorcycle moving sluggishly down a long, straight stretch of road.*
Narration: *For a moment I thought about trying to pass them, but it seemed like more trouble than it would be worth. I slowed to a leisurely pace and spent some time studying the scenery.*
Narration: *Eventually, we passed a policeman who'd been lying in wait at an intersection. Now it all made sense.*
Narration: *Things might get messy if a cop hauled me in, and JB would probably end up giving me a scolding. It wasn't like I had any place to be; might as well take it slow and easy.*
Narration: *Day 21.*
Narration: *Two hundred meters ahead of me on a long straightaway, I spotted something black lying in the middle of the road.*
Narration: *I approached slowly and found it was the carcass of a deer. A wave of nausea hit me hard; apparently, I still hadn't gotten over my issues with dead bodies of any kind.*
Narration: *I looked around for a car with a big dent in its hood, or a motorcycle with its fork lodged in the exhaust pipe, but there was nothing. No biker lying with his head twisted at an unnatural angle, either.*
Narration: *That was a bit of a relief.*
Narration: *Day 25.*
Narration: *The weather took a turn for the worse, and my body temperature quickly plunged. I was shivering in my leather jacket.*
Narration: *At first, I tried to tough it out until the next rest stop...*
Narration: *But after a terrifying moment of light-headedness, I pulled over and opened my backpack with trembling hands, then put my long raincoat on over my jacket and jeans.*
Narration: *It made a surprisingly big difference.*
Narration: *The only problem now was my hands.*
Narration: *I could rest my left on the head of the engine, but my right grew colder and colder with every minute on the handle.*
Narration: *Experimentally, I put on work gloves on top of my riding ones.*
Narration: *It helped a little, but I clearly needed a better solution.*
Narration: *Day 28.*
Narration: *With my bike running in 5th gear at 2500rpm, I casually opened the throttle. For some reason, my rear wheel spun sideways.*
Narration: *I stopped to see if I'd run over a patch of leaves or a cow patty, but it turned out that the wheel had gone completely bald.*
Narration: *When I checked the front tire as well, I realized it was badly worn on the right side but not the left. No wonder she'd been shaking every time I let go of a handle.*
Narration: *I hurried over to the nearest motorcycle shop, but they said they'd have to send away for the new tires.*
Narration: *Their inventory was apparently better in bigger towns, so I asked the clerk to call around to their other stores. Once we found a place with the right goods, I rode over carefully and had the tires replaced.*
Narration: *On top of that, they swapped out the front wheel bearing, distance collar, and axle shaft, all of which had warped from wear. The total cost came to 67,000 yen.*
Narration: *I knew these parts wore out eventually, but the bill was pretty painful.*
Narration: *I'd have to try and cut down on my food expenses from now on.*
Narration: *Day 31.*
Narration: *Stopping at a random drive-in, I gave their "deep-fried salmon" meal a try.*
Narration: *It proved to be unbelievably salty - practically inedible without rice. And they made up for the poor quality with truly massive portions.*
Narration: *Looking down at my overly-full plate, I found myself thinking of JB.*
Narration: *Despite her size, the woman wasn't a big eater. When we went to restaurants together, she often couldn't finish what she was served. (That said, she did have a good five meals per day...)*
Narration: *Whenever she ran out of steam, JB would smile at me and silently push the rest onto my plate. "You're young, so eat up!" seemed to be the message.*
Narration: *Back when Asako was alive, she'd apparently played a similar role.*
Narration: *JB might be a large, noisy, shaggy-headed woman, but you had to admit... she did have a bit of a cute side.*
Yuuji: ...Wonder what JB's doing right now...
Narration: *For the first time since I'd left, I found myself missing her.*
Narration: *My mind had been full of Asako for a very long time. Maybe it was finally beginning to make a little space for other things?*
Narration: *That same night, I sent JB an email from my phone.*
Narration: *"I love you, Julia."*
Narration: *I received a response to this brief message in less than a minute.*
Narration: *"Are you drunk?"*
Narration: *My first reaction was something along the lines of "that damn shaggy-head." But at the same time, I couldn't help smiling at how typically JB it was.*
Narration: *I'd seen and experienced a lot since arriving in Hokkaido, and I was starting to regain something that resembled self-confidence... but at this point, I also began to notice something strange.*
Narration: *Even when I gunned the throttle, the needle on my RPM gauge was responding very sluggishly.*
Narration: *Asako hadn't exactly treated this engine kindly in her day, and it had a good 70,000 km under its belt. It tended to burn through gasoline quickly.*
Narration: *I'd been riding it carefully and changing the oil on a regular basis, but one day I noticed a strange clattering noise coming from the head. And when I pulled over into a convenience store parking lot...*
Narration: *The engine promptly gave up the ghost.*
Narration: *No matter how many times I pressed the switch, the starter relay just click-clacked, and the bike didn't even twitch.*
Narration: *I tried push starting it in second gear, but the instant I released the clutch, the rear wheel just locked up.*
Narration: *For lack of any better options, I spent six hours pushing the heavy hunk of junk down the road to the nearest repair shop.*
Narration: *From what the mechanic could tell, either the journal bearing in the crankshaft or the big-end bolt of the conrod had probably broken...*
Narration: *And repairing it would be a major operation, requiring them to remove the engine from the body of the motorcycle.*
Narration: *My financial situation wouldn't allow that, so I called up a vehicle-transport company instead. Ended up having to push it another 27 km to their nearest depot.*
Narration: *Having lost my "wheels," I turned back and began to retrace my path on foot, weighed down by my backpack.*
Narration: *Honestly, what the hell was I doing? It might've been funny if it wasn't so ridiculous.*
Narration: *As I trudged down the road with my leather jacket and oversized backpack, a group of bikers roared past. A few of them were going ridiculously fast. Where were they off to in such a hurry?*
Narration: *If they had some place they wanted to be that badly, I envied them.*
Narration: *One of the motorcycles in the group actually took the time to turn around and come back after passing me. It was a Kawataki D1 with a strange orange and purple paint job.*
Narration: *The person riding seemed to be a relatively young man. Lifting the visor of his helmet, he asked me if I'd been in an accident.*
Narration: *When I honestly replied that my bike had simply met its end, the guy gave me a knowing grin and said "Bet you rode it to death and never changed the oil, right?" Making excuses seemed like a waste of effort, so I just gave him a wry smile.*
Narration: *The man offered me a ride toward my "destination," but of course, I didn't have any such thing. That was the only reason I'd ended up here in the first place.*
Narration: *"I'm just a moron who spent the last month riding around in circles."*
Narration: *The man's reply to this was "Ah, youth!" and a loud burst of laughter. Adding "Guess I'll leave you to it, then," he raised a hand in farewell and rode off the way he'd come.*
Yuuji: ...Youth...?
Narration: *A number of giant question marks popped up over my head.*
Narration: *The word didn't really mean much to me. I hadn't attended ordinary school since I was very young, and my adolescence hadn't exactly been a typical one.*
Narration: *Wasn't "youth" for people who go to normal schools...?*
Narration: *The kind of kids who still think the world's a nice place...*
Narration: *The kind of teenagers who get worked up over the girls they like, or lash out at their parents when reality doesn't live up to their expectations...? That was what I'd always thought it meant...*
Narration: *Right now, I was lost as a human being. Lost in the face of the future. Uncertain what I could do with my life; acting on impulse, in the hope something might change. I had nothing to be passionate about, but I was too young to be jaded...*
Narration: *And all these jumbled feelings had slowly filled me with a vague sense of anxiety.*
Narration: *From anyone else's perspective, it was probably a textbook case of youthful angst.*
Narration: *Once I realized that, the whole thing suddenly seemed remarkably idiotic.*
Yuuji: Youth, huh...?
Narration: *It was embarrassing even to say the word out loud, but somehow, it felt like a symbol. Maybe that was exactly what I'd been lacking.*
Narration: *"Time to go home..."*
Narration: *I still wasn't sure exactly where "home" was, but that wasn't important right now.*
Narration: *A few days later, I called JB and informed her I'd be returning, then caught a flight from New Chitose Airport.*
Narration: *Compared to my long outward journey, the trip back was over in the blink of an eye. It really drove home exactly how much time I'd spent blundering around like an idiot.*
Narration: *Still, Asako probably would've smiled and told me "that's just fine, kid."*
Narration: *"Flounder around all you want. Life's all about the struggle, see...? Don't try to make things easy on yourself..."*
Narration: *With my master's words ringing in my ears, I returned from my travels with nothing concrete to show for them...*
Narration: *And bearing only fatigue for a souvenir, I made my way back to Yamanashi, where Asako's memory still lingered strongly in the air.*
Yuuji: ...It didn't work, Asako... I came back empty-handed, and I still don't understand anything...
Yuuji: ...Also, I kinda busted your bike... My bad. It's in the basement at JB's apartment building for now, but I'll definitely get it fixed... Sorry...
Narration: *I offered my report to Asako while burning an offering of incense, then opened a can of beer I'd picked up at a convenience store and placed it upside-down on top of her grave.*
Narration: *In that moment, I thought I heard a voice emerge from her gravestone.*
Narration: *    "Did you have fun?"*
Narration: *It was the voice of a mother, addressing a son who'd returned covered in mud after an energetic afternoon outside. Before I knew it, I'd spoken my answer out loud.*
Yuuji: Well, I guess I enjoyed myself a little...
Narration: *Now I was talking to phantoms. Probably not a good sign.*
Yuuji: ...Anyway, what am I supposed to do with myself now?
Narration: *Naturally enough, the slab of stone in front of me didn't provide a reply.*
Narration: *Still... it felt like an answer did flash briefly through my mind.*
Yuuji: Yeah, sure... Can't hurt to give that "youth" thing another try... Maybe spend some time in a normal school for once...
Narration: *There was no guarantee it would change anything, but it probably beat doing nothing at all.*
Date: *July XX, 2012, 18:37 - Ichigaya*
Yuuji: ...So anyway, I asked you to arrange my transition to "reserve" status with CIRS, then approached Tachibana Chizuru and got her permission to enroll at Mihama Academy...
JB: ...You certainly make it sound simple. Do you have any idea how much work it took to arrange all that?
Yuuji: I'm grateful, of course.
Narration: *Children grow up by chasing after their father.*
Narration: *And when they lose their way, they turn back and look for their mother.*
Narration: *When I turned around, lost and uncertain, you were always there for me.*
Narration: *It's too damn embarrassing to say this out loud, but I really am grateful to you for that, JB...*
JB: ...Well, whatever. I suppose that about covers it for today. I'll update the documents you submitted.
Yuuji: Hm. You really are a fine woman, JB... Let me sleep with you sometime, will you?
JB: Yes, yes. Maybe next time. Thanks for coming in. You can head home for now.
Yuuji: ...Right. Thanks, JB...
JB: Come in.
Chiara: Pardon me. I've finished looking over the personnel records that Lt. Kuwahara provided, from Kazami Yuuji's time as an "S" trainee. Could you please review my comments?
JB: Good job. The man himself is still here right now, so I'll look them over later. Leave it on my desk.
Chiara: ...Oh, Kazami-san. You're here.
Yuuji: "Oh, Kazami-san," my ass. You were obviously watching on a monitor from the other room and came in when the conversation ended. Don't act like you're surprised...
Chiara: Ah... uhm... sorry about that. It's sort of what I do for a living and all... Are you upset?
Yuuji: Can't say it put me in a good mood.
Chiara: I'm sorry... Uhm, would you like to touch my butt?
Yuuji: Where'd that come from...? Makes it sound like I'm some kind of ass-grabbing serial molester...
Chiara: ...You're not going to grab it, then?
Yuuji: Maybe next time. When we're alone.
Chiara: ...Boo...
JB: Stop moaning! You're not a damn cow! Just leave the documents and get back to work!!
Chiara: Y-Yes, ma'am!
Yuuji: Well, see you next time, Chiara...
Chiara: ...It's always "next time" with you... I'm going to hold you to that, all right?
JB: Chiaaaaraaaa?
Chiara: Ah, right! Sorry! Oh, uhm... Chief, can I have a little of your time later?
JB: Hm? What is it?
Chiara: ...Just between you and me... there's been a strange leak from First Division. I'd like to hear your thoughts...
JB: ...All right...
Yuuji: I'm just leaving, anyway. You can discuss it here.
Chiara: Oh... but...
Yuuji: Goodbye, Major Harudera! I'll be on my way for now!
JB: ...Thanks for your time...
Narration: *―A leak from First Division probably means Akasaka's up to something fishy.*
Narration: *It's better for field agents like me not to hear too much about that sort of thing.*
Narration: *Some jobs are easier to do when you don't know about the politics or behind-the-scenes maneuvering involved.*
Narration: *And in any case, I'm pretty damn tired...*
Narration: *I did stay up late working on those documents, but revisiting the less pleasant parts of my past was also more exhausting than I'd expected.*
Narration: *Right now... I just want to get back to the dorm, collapse into my bed, and sleep.*
Date: *July XX, 2012, 18:46 - School Dormitory - Hallway*
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama? Are you in there?
Michiru: "......"
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama, please open the door...
Michiru: "......"
Sachi: ...Yo, Michiru. It's me. Wire a million yen into the followin' bank account, will ya?
Michiru: "...Who are you supposed to be!?"
Sachi: Oh, honestly... How long are you planning to sulk in there? Please come out already...
Michiru: "...Just leave me alone..."
Sachi: I'm afraid that simply isn't an option... My concern for you is so grave that there's no telling what I might do...
Sachi: For now, please get at least three meters away from your door... Also, it might be best to take cover behind something...
Michiru: "...Excuse me!?! Sachi! What are you planning to do!?"
Sachi: Judging from the tale of Amano-Iwato, an amusing dance has long been considered the best way to lure shut-ins out of their self-imposed isolation...
Sachi: Therefore, I propose an explosion! I myself have no talent in this area, but a good blast of pressure and heat will no doubt produce a soulful "dance number"... of sorts...
Michiru: "Hold on a second!! I'm coming, I'm coming! I'll be right there, okay!?!"
Sachi: I'm not here to deliver soba, you know... Do you really expect me to believe such promises now? Here we go, time to start the gig. This one's going to blow you away... Quite literally, in fact...
Michiru: I told you to hold your freakin' horses!!
Sachi: ......
Sachi: ...Wah...
Michiru: "Wah" yourself! You're not surprised in the slightest!!
Sachi: ...Tch...
Michiru: Why'd you just click your tongue!? And why do you look a little disappointed!?
Sachi: ...What a letdown...
Michiru: You said it! You actually SAID it was a letdown! What is wrong with you!?
Sachi: Well, since you've emerged, I suppose there's nothing for it... I'm here to call you for dinner, Michiru-sama. It's almost ready.
Michiru: That's it!? Seriously? You nearly blew up my door just to tell me that!?
Sachi: Indeed. I was rather convinced you wouldn't come out unless I did so...
Sachi: And leaving you alone, while tempting, would only have encouraged you to grow even more painfully stubborn and annoying. I thought it best to nip that problem in the bud.
Michiru: Wow, way to pull your punches! Don't call me annoying!
Sachi: My apologies... I know my methods were somewhat forceful, but...
Sachi: I have some pride in my abilites as this dormitory's dedicated "tsundere wrangler," and I estimated it might be difficult for anyone else to coax you out if I were to fail.
Michiru: ...Guh...
Sachi: ...How are you feeling, Michiru-sama? Have you managed to calm yourself slightly?
Michiru: Yeah... Sorry, Sachi... I've got it under control now...
Michiru: I feel pretty stupid about getting all worked up like that... Seriously, I'm sorry.
Sachi: I'm not mad in the slightest, so please direct those words to Maki-chan instead...
Michiru: Oh, right... I sorta hit her when I lost my temper, didn't I? I've got to apologize...
Sachi: Indeed. I myself am not angry in the slightest little bit whatsoever, so please don't concern yourself with me... punk.
Michiru: ...Uh, Sachi? Are you actually a little mad?
Sachi: ..."A little"...?
Michiru: Uh, sorry, guess it's worse than that? Yeah, I'm sorry... I didn't mean to freak out like that, really...
Sachi: ...And so, I've taken the suspect Matsushima Michiru into custody! The charges are assault and battery against a girl of tender years! 
Michiru: Custody!? What's that supposed to mean!? You set me up, Sachi!
Makina: Chiruchiru!!
Michiru: Ah... nuh... er, M-Makina... Uhm...
Sachi: ...Michiru-sama? Honesty is the best policy...
Michiru: P-Pipe down already...! I-I know that!
Michiru: Uhm... Makina, I'm... sorry for hitting you like that... 
Makina: That's okay. I'm not angry or anything.
Makina: Just promise me one thing, okay?
Michiru: Promise you... what...?
Makina: Uhm... well, ya know... Don't go dyin' on me or anything, okay?
Michiru: ...Look, it's not like I was really planning on killing myself...
Sachi: ...Well, Michiru-sama, you did start shouting about suicide rather loudly. Maki-chan seems to have misunderstood somewhat...
Makina: ...Uu... uuu... uggghguu...
Sachi: Take a look at that. The poor dear is crying.
Michiru: ...What? Is that what this is? Seriously...?
Makina: Bwaaaaaaaaah! You caaaan't die, Jirujiruuu!!
Sachi: Maki-chan truly adores you, Michiru-sama... The mere thought of you committing suicide leaves her weeping in a most unsightly fashion...
Michiru: ...Like I said, I'm not gonna commit suicide or anything...
Makina: If you're gone, Jirujiru... who am I gonna have fun messin' with from now on!?! Bwaaaaaaaaah!!
Michiru: ...What!? That's your reason!?
Sachi: Her emotional turmoil appears to have resulted in a bit of unfortunate honesty, but you mustn't pay that any mind...
Makina: Jirujiru! Jirujiruuu!!
Michiru: Wh-What is it? And stop calling me "Jirujiru," for crying out loud...
Makina: ...Hic... Jirujiru... ya can't die, ya just can't! Hic... Blergh... *Gulp*...
Sachi: Ah, the classic cry-puke... The convulsions of her diaphragm caused the poor thing to spit up into her mouth, then swallow it right back down. Much like a cow ruminating its cud...
Michiru: Gaaah, so gross... Listen, I'm not going to die, so just... calm down, okay? 
Makina: ...Really? Ya aren't gonna go off and die somewhere? Do ya promise?
Sachi: There it is! The final, teary-eyed plea! It's time to grab Maki-chan in a firm embrace, then whisper gently in her ear...Go on! Grab!
Michiru: ...Ah... uhmm... grab!
Makina: ...Oooh...
Sachi: Now then, Michiru-sama... let's hear your true feelings.
Michiru: ...You're being silly, Makina... I wouldn't kill myself or anything. I already decided to keep going on my way, no matter what anyone else thinks...
Makina: ...Really?
Michiru: ...Yeah, I promise...
Makina: ...You're gonna keep goin', no matter what? Bold as brass...?
Michiru: Yeah, that's right... Bold as brass...
Sachi: ...What a beautiful friendship... If we had appropriately emotional music at this point, the audience would surely be moved to tears.
Sachi: And so, while my talents may be modest, please allow me to perform a song...
Sachi: The sun is setting in the sky... So find your way back home to me... ♪ And when you rub your tired eyes... We'll kiss and say goodnight... ♪
Michiru: Uhhh... Sachi?
Sachi: Yes? What is it?
Michiru: Look, err... I understand you're trying to liven things up and all... but you're kind of ruining the mood...
Sachi: Oh... am I? Perhaps the Komine Sachi original "Song of the Sharks" would have been more suitable?
Michiru: Your set list isn't the problem here, okay!? Do you really not get it!? Someone, please! Make her understand!
Makina: Anyway! Ya can't die, and that's final! Capeesh!?
Michiru: ...I'm telling you, I'm not going to...
Makina: I mean, sure, yer an idiot. And kind of an uggo, on closer inspeck'shun. You might not ever manage to get yourself a boyfriend. But...!!
Makina: You can't give up, Chiruchiru! Don't let 'em get ya down!! Just keep workin' your pants off, girl!!
Makina: Oh. I'm not implyin' ya literally get naked with random people on a regular basis, okay? Just a figger of speech. I was complimentin' you! Kinda.
Michiru: For some reason, I feel like there was something seriously obnoxious about that "compliment"... Is it just my imagination?
Sachi: Who can say? I'm cute as a button, so the "uggo" mentality lies outside my range of experience...
Michiru: Oh, is that a fact...? Whatever. I don't even care anymore.
Sachi: In any case, it seems we're all friends again, yes?
Michiru: I'm really not satisfied with wrapping things up that way, but... fine. I guess I did make you guys worry and all. Sorry about that...
Michiru: Oh, do you know where everyone else went...? I wanted to apologize to them for making things all awkward.
Makina: Ama-nee's busy makin' dinner. She said it's gonna be ready any minute now.
Michiru: What about Yumiko?
Sachi: Sakaki-san has returned to her room, and she appears to be occupying herself with an internet browsing session...
Makina: Hittin' up them porn sites again?
Sachi: No. Today she seems to be spending most of her time on a members-only information exchange website.
Michiru: Uh, "today"? That makes it sound like she usually spends all her time looking at porn... Anyway, how do you even know what Yumiko's doing on her computer, Sachi?
Sachi: ...What a peculiar question... You are aware that I'm responsible for the management of this dorm, yes? Naturally, that means I serve as the system administrator of its gateway server...
Michiru: ...Talk about a jack of all trades... Is there anything you can't do?
Makina: Sacchin's the real deal, man. Girl could make a livin' as a spy pretty much anywhere in th' world.
Sachi: Oh, really... I don't think I'm quite that good just yet...
Michiru: The idea actually appeals to you!?
Amane: Okay, everyone! Dinner's ready! Come and get it!
Makina: Yaaaaaaaaay! Grub time! What's on th' menu tonight, Ama-nee!?
Amane: Heh heh heh... Today, we've got a nice cream stew bulging with big chunks of veggies. It's packed with pumpkin! Crammed full of chicken! Goes great over rice, too!
Michiru: Huh? Isn't that just a soup? You didn't make anything to go with it?
Amane: Not to worry! We've got bread and salad too. I made a huge bowl full of cobb salad, so just help yourself.
Michiru: Mehhh... Well, I guess I can just think of it as stewed chicken or something...
Sachi: Pardon me, everyone. I'm going to go call Sakaki-san...
Amane: Huh? Where's Yuuji? He still isn't back yet?
Makina: Ya think we should give him a call?
Amane: Hm... Well, I don't want him to think of me as a nag... Why don't we just start eating while we wait?
Michiru: Yuuji... Right...
Michiru: What am I... supposed to say to him...?
Amane: Oh, come on. You don't have to say anything. Just act the same as always...
Makina: Fer sure! Hope Onii-chan gets back soon!
Date: *July XX, 2012, 19:00 - Mishima Cape - Station Area*
Yuuji: ...Hrm... That took a lot longer than I expected. It's already 7 PM... They're probably eating dinner back at the dorm.
Yuuji: Couldn't hurt to let them know I'm on my way...
Narration: *After sitting down near the priority seats on the train back, I take out my two cell phones (one private, one for work) and turn them on.*
Narration: *Once they've read their SIM cards, the phones take me to their home screens. From there, I give my voicemail and email inboxes a quick check...*
Yuuji: ...Hm? There's a new message... From JB, huh...
Narration: *I open my mail box and check the email I just received. It's definitely from JB, but... both the subject and the body of the email are completely blank.*
Yuuji: ...What's with this? A blank message is one thing, but there isn't even a title...
Narration: *Some sort of network error, maybe?*
Narration: *For some reason... I have a bad feeling about this...*
Yuuji: ...Guess I'll check in over the phone...
Narration: *But just as I open the address book on my black "business" cell phone, it suddenly begins to ring.*
Yuuji: Uh, that's some strange timing... Is it JB?
Yuuji: ...Hello?
Man's voice: "...9029, I presume?"
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right... And who are you?
Man's voice: "I'm from the First Intelligence Division. You understand what that means, I assume?"
Yuuji: ...What does CIRF want with me?
Man's voice: "You've got a job, 9029. Your ride will be there in 17 minutes. Stand by at your current location."
Yuuji: Hold on, I'm Second Division. I can't take orders from anyone other than my commanding officer. Where's Major Harudera?
Man's voice: "Major Harudera is currently overseeing an operation of a special nature. As of now, I'm your commanding officer. Do you need me to introduce myself?"
Yuuji: ...What's going on? Did something happen?
Man's voice: "Save the questions for later. We'll explain your mission in the car on the way to the site."
Yuuji: Hold on a minute... I'm in the reserve now, aren't I? At least let me speak with Major Harudera first.
Man's voice: "...Listen carefully, 9029. Your current orders fall under the provisions of Special Directive #9. You have no right to refuse. Stop whining and stand by."
Yuuji: Directive 9...? Seriously...?
Narration: *He's talking about Special Presidential Directive #9... This is a direct order from the current incarnation of Uncle Sam, and an ultra-critical mission that takes priority over everything else...*
Yuuji: ...Understood. 9029, now standing by...
Man's voice: "Good boy. We'll bring your toys, so wait patiently for now."
Yuuji: ...Tell me your name, at least...
Man's voice: "...It's Adam..."
Yuuji: Adam...?
Narration: *Well, that's certainly bland enough... but with urgent missions like this, many case officers prefer to temporarily adopt simple names that are easy to remember.*
Narration: *In that sense, an alias like "Adam" isn't anything out of the ordinary.*
Narration: *Of course, I'm also acquainted with a shaggy-headed case officer by the name of Major Harudera Yuria who favors the downright embarrassing codename "Queen of Hearts"... What exactly is going on with her, anyway?*
Yuuji: ...Wonder if I can get through...
Narration: *Private phone calls are forbidden during operations, and sometimes they even block you from the network entirely.*
Narration: *Clinging to a final thread of hope, I call JB's number from my address book... but as expected, the call doesn't go through.*
Narration: *Just for the hell of it, I use my private phone to call the digital line linked to her computer terminal, but that's no good either.*
Narration: *According to the robotic messages from the telephone company, either her phone's off, or she's somewhere without adequate reception.*
Narration: *At this point, I don't have much choice except to follow Adam's orders.*
Narration: *Precisely 17 minutes later, I'm standing in front of the station when a black vehicle pulls up to the curb.*
Narration: *It's a minivan with the symbol of a leading automaker on the hood. Makes for a bit of a contrast with the off-white commercial vans CIRS tends to remodel for their purposes.*
Narration: *The guy behind the wheel doesn't look Japanese at a glance... and when I'm practically pushed into the back seat, there's another foreign-looking man waiting for me there.*
Narration: *Even by First Department standards, I'd imagine they're deeply connected to Akasaka.*
Yuuji: ...Are you "Adam," then?
Adam: Yes, that's right. I'm afraid there isn't much time for pleasantries, though. Let's get down to business.
Yuuji: I was just confirming your name. Don't worry, I'm not particularly interested in you either...
Adam: Well then, 9029, I'm going to explain the situation. This is a sniping mission falling under the provisions of directive 9. We've brought your weapon and ammunition. Please look them over.
Yuuji: ...What the hell...?
Narration: *The rifle case he passes me is bizarrely oversized.*
Narration: *When I snap it open and take a look inside, I find an absurdly long barrel and a surprisingly compact rifle body in a bed of shock-absorbing foam.*
Narration: *There are also three bullets sitting snugly in their own cutout sections of foam. They're 12.7x99mm rounds.*
Yuuji: ...This is an anti-materiel weapon...
Adam: You know how to use it, I assume?
Yuuji: ...Uh, sure, I guess...
Narration: *It doesn't have a magazine or a loading mechanism. You have to feed it bullets manually, one by one. I understand that provides advantages in power and stability, but this is the first time I've ever held a rifle like this.*
Yuuji: ...Mind if I play around with it a little?
Adam: Do as you please... just don't break it.
Narration: *Can't say I'm too worried about that. This thing's not particularly complex, mechanically speaking. The trigger unit's a cassette model; if something goes wrong with it, you can swap it out just by removing two takedown pins.*
Narration: *I lift the bolt handle and pulled it back, revealing a red plastic dummy cartridge. This has to be my first time handling a gun where the bolt handle connects directly to the rim of the bullet.*
Narration: *After pushing the dummy cartridge back into the rifle's chamber, I pull down the bolt handle. The cocking indicator changes to red.*
Yuuji: ...I'm going to pull the trigger.
Narration: *After warning Adam as a courtesy, I go "on trigger." Its edges are a bit on the sharp side, but it shouldn't be a problem once I'm wearing gloves. I give it an experimental squeeze.*
Narration: *There's no mushiness; the rifle's simple design makes for a nice, linear trigger pull. The instant the striker falls, the back of the bolt handle drops down with a satisfying whack. Kind of a neat gimmick.*
Yuuji: ...All right... Not bad...
Yuuji: So anyway, what exactly am I supposed to be shooting with this thing?
Adam: Look over the documents first. If you have any questions after that, I'll provide an oral explanation to the degree that I'm able.
Narration: *―On the afternoon of the 14th, a number of individuals illegally entered Japan at Yokohama harbor. The Maritime Safety Police arrested a freighter captain and three crew members for violating the Immigration Control Act.*
Narration: *During the resulting investigation, the police learned that a Hong Kong freighter had allowed at least five individuals to illegally disembark at Daikoku Pier on the night of the 13th.*
Narration: *Suspecting that these individuals went on the run, the maritime authorities began coordinating with Kanagawa Prefectural Police in an attempt to locate and apprehend them.*
Narration: *After receiving these reports, First Division of the Central Intelligence and Research Department used their intelligence network and discovered that the group was led by "Ethan Glow," an internationally wanted terrorist.*
Narration: *The situation was designated an "urgent threat to national security." A shoot-to-kill order has been authorized by the commander-in-chief.*
Yuuji: ...Basically, a nasty terrorist slipped his way into Japan, and it's our job to kill him?
Adam: You catch on quick. That's about the shape of it.
Yuuji: What kind of terrorism was this Ethan Glow involved in?
Adam: I'm not obligated to answer that.
Yuuji: You don't even have a photograph or anything? There's a possibility I'll target the wrong person in the field.
Adam: We'll identify the target and issue you instructions. It won't be a problem.
Yuuji: You're going to send me out with a spotter, then? Also, how many other sniping teams are going to be deployed?
Adam: I'll be acting as your observer. My first priority is to confirm the target's presence, so we won't be in close proximity. I assume that won't be an issue. You always work alone anyway.
Adam: Also, there won't be any other snipers deployed. It's just you and me this time.
Yuuji: ...Isn't that kind of weird? What other teams are we coordinating with?
Adam: An intelligence team will be in the field as well, but we're the only ones who will be taking direct action. We're not starting a war here. The goal is to do this cleanly and secretly.
Yuuji: ...Why all the secrecy, anyway...? Would it be inconvenient if someone found out about this assassination...?
Adam: I'm not authorized to answer that question.
Yuuji: Very enlightening...
Adam: If you're done asking questions, I suggest resting your eyes until we arrive. Do you want to apply eyedrops?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Adam: Use this. Don't worry, it's a new bottle. Hasn't been opened.
Yuuji: Thanks...
Narration: *The eyedrops Adam hands me are the same kind I always use - a product made by a Japanese pharmaceutical company.*
Narration: *Seems like their dossier on me must be pretty damn thorough.*
Narration: *After applying the eyedrops in my usual manner, I close my eyelids and begin moving my eyeballs in figure eights.*
Narration: *In any case... I guess this is going to be the second time I've shot someone with an anti-materiel rifle.*
Narration: *During the airport hijacking, my instructions were simply to "neutralize" the target. But today, it's an unambiguous kill order. I might be able to manage it, but the after-effects aren't going to be pretty.*
Narration: *If they know my favorite brand of eyedrops, these bastards have to be aware I can't kill people. They probably just don't care.*
Narration: *They're probably planning to coax me into pulling the trigger through hypnosis... but in my case, the effectiveness of that depends on the person doing the "suggesting."*
Narration: *Lieutenant J and I had eaten the same food and trudged through the same mud. I pulled the trigger for him because I genuinely wanted to protect him and my other comrades.*
Narration: *And back then, Asako was still alive.*
Narration: *She was the only reason I recovered from my brainwashing.*
Narration: *If they hypnotize me into murdering someone now... what happens if I can't get back to normal...?*
Narration: *Will I end up... killing one person after another, as an escape from my fear? The same way I did when I was a kid...?*
Narration: *Guess I'd end up locked in some basement again, numb to the world around me, drugged and wrapped up so I can't thrash around...*
Narration: *I'll rot down there until someone else comes to save me... or until I starve to death...*
Narration: *Wonder what everyone back at Mihama Academy's going to think if I suddenly disappear from their lives...?*
Narration: *I just told them I was going to work... If I don't come back tonight, will they worry about me a little...?*
Narration: *The idea makes me feel kind of guilty... and a little happy, as well.*
Narration: *Now that I think about it... I lost my "home" when Asako died, but... I guess I've found another at Mihama...*
Narration: *I've got Sakaki. Amane. Michiru. Makina. Sachi.*
Narration: *Hmm... Guess it wouldn't hurt to include Chizuru, either? She's done a lot for me, I guess...*
Narration: *God, I want to go home... Wonder what they had for dinner at the dorm tonight.*
Narration: *With these absurd thoughts running through my head, I slip into a half-conscious state... and before I know it, we've arrived at the site.*
Narration: *Roused by a brusque "wake up!" from Adam, I swallow a twinge of irritation and get out of the minivan, lugging the oversized rifle case along with me.*
Narration: *I wasn't provided with any detailed information on our current location, but it's probably somewhere in the vicinity of the Yokohama pier mentioned in that report.*
Narration: *My assigned position is located in a fourth-floor office within a building that once belonged to a bankrupt design management company. Outside, it's a jumble of warehouses and cranes.*
Adam: "...This is Adam. Radio check, 9029... Do you read me...?"
Yuuji: Yeah. Loud and clear.
Adam: "...Are you ready? I'll give you your target..."
Yuuji: Yeah, any time...
Adam: "You see that particularly huge 'giraffe' in front of you, at 12 o'clock? The orange gantry?"
Yuuji: ...I see a few of them. Which one?
Adam: "The second giraffe in the row, from your perspective. Look down at its front feet... the target will be making his appearance there..."
Adam: "According to the freighter captain who was arrested, more terrorists will be arriving on another boat tonight."
Adam: "They're apparently bringing a sizable package with them. Ethan Glow will definitely show up to receive it."
Adam: "Listen carefully. You absolutely have to take him out... Failure isn't an option."
Yuuji: Should've deployed a larger force, then... Why is it all on me?
Adam: "That would have been my preference, of course, but a large unit would have attracted too much attention. As for why you were selected... that was her decision, not mine."
Yuuji: ..."Her"?
Adam: "You don't need to know. The boat will be docking at the harbor soon. Get ready to fire..."
Yuuji: ...Fine, whatever... I just want to get this over with and go home...
Adam: "...Hmph..."
Yuuji: Hey... Stop it... Don't play that song... I can't concentrate on the sniping...
Adam: "Concentrate on the music, then... You want to get this over with quickly, don't you?"
Yuuji: ...Dammit...
Adam: "And anyway... what's this 'home' you want to get back to? That school full of rejects and delinquents...?"
Yuuji: ...How is that... any of your business...?
Adam: "Does it relax you, being around people even unhappier than you are? Or maybe you think you're helping them? Charity does feel good, doesn't it..."
Yuuji: ...It's not... charity...
Adam: "Then what is it? Sympathy? Do you feel pity when you look at them?"
Yuuji: ...What's wrong with sympathy...?
Adam: "There's nothing wrong with it. But do you have any right to look down on them? What good has your pity really done? Do you think you're some kind of savior?"
Yuuji: ...No... it's not... like that...
Adam: "Is saving someone going to erase your past? You're only using them as a pretext. Making yourself feel better. Do you really think you'll be forgiven that easily...?"
Yuuji: ......
Adam: "It doesn't matter how many people you save. Your past won't disappear until the day you die... and even then, you'll relive it... You'll be reborn again and again..."
Adam: "All you're doing is dragging those women down into your misery. Can't you see what you're putting them through...?"
Adam: "They're naive enough to think you're a good person. But look in the mirror sometime when you're with them... Take a careful look at your face..."
Yuuji: ...Just... stop it already... I get it... Please...
Adam: "You're good for one thing, and that's killing people. Am I wrong...?"
Yuuji: ...No, you're not... That's... all I'm good for...
Adam: "Then kill... Follow your orders and kill your enemies. It's the reason you're alive. The purpose of your existence... You can do it, can't you?"
Yuuji: It doesn't matter... if I can... I have to do it, right...?
Adam: "Exactly. Good boy, 9029... You can do this. I know you can..."
Adam: "Can you see the target, 9029...? He's approaching the designated point... Take a look."
Yuuji: ......
Adam: "...Most of the group's in work clothes, but there's one man wearing a suit. Do you see him...?"
Yuuji: ...Affirmative...
Adam: "That man is our target... Ethan Glow..."
Yuuji: ...Ethan... Glow...
Adam: "That's right... A vile enemy of your country... Kill him..."
Yuuji: ...You're wrong...
Adam: "What? ...Tch! I can't hear you, damn it! Speak more loudly!"
Yuuji: ...You're wrong... That man... isn't Ethan Glow... This is wrong... wrong... wrong...
Adam: "Hey, 9029! What's the matter!?"
Yuuji: It can't be... No, no, no, no, no, no... That man isn't Ethan Glow... He's... He's...!!
Yuuji: Ah... aah... aaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!!!
Narration: *"I have returned, Kazami Yuuji."*
Yuuji: ...I have... returned... Kazami... Yuuji...
Adam: "9029!? What's the matter!? Shoot him! Open fire!!"
Yuuji: ...Gah... ah... My hand...
Narration: *My right hand... can't pull the trigger...!*
Adam: "9029! Get it together! 9029!!"
Narration: *Why... After all this time... why did he come back now...!?!*
Yuuji: Ah... aah... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!

Kazuki: Yuuji, let's take a bath.
Yuuji: Okay...
Narration: *A sister and brother taking a bath together isn't anything out of the ordinary at that age. I knew a few of my classmates did the same thing.*
Narration: *So I got into the bath with my big sister and let her wash my hair from behind. Perfectly normal family bonding stuff, at first.*
Narration: *But after thoroughly washing my head and cleaning behind my ears, Kazuki reached for the body soap and started working on my back.*
Narration: *This involved gluing her body against mine in a tight embrace and using her chest as a sponge.*
Narration: *A few minutes of intense "scrubbing" later, she reached down from behind me and began touching my genitals as well.*
Narration: *By this point, I was (naturally enough) starting to feel a little nonplussed...*
Narration: *But when Kazuki softly breathed the words "Friendly siblings do this sort of thing all the time" into my ear, I didn't really have any choice but to try and believe her.*
Kazuki: ...Tell me, Yuuji, have you had your first kiss yet?
Yuuji: You're always kissing me...
Kazuki: That's not what I'm talking about. You know, like in that manga you read before... The sort of kiss grown-ups use to show that they love each other. Have you ever done that?
Yuuji: Not really... I mean, I haven't kissed anyone except for you, Nee-chan.
Kazuki: Really? Good boy. Very good boy, Yuuji... In that case, why don't you give it a try with me...?
Yuuji: Why?
Kazuki: Because I want to. Are you refusing?
Yuuji: Well... Okay, I guess...
Narration: *―And so, well, we kissed. Didn't seem like anything too dramatic.*
Narration: *My sister had kissed me plenty of times before.*
Narration: *But this one sort of lingered... and there was some tongue-tangling involved. Was this really the sort of thing siblings should be doing?*
Kazuki: ...Yuuji, are you familiar with the term "incest?"
Yuuji: What's that?
Kazuki: It's when a brother and sister make love to each other.
Yuuji: Oh. Okay.
Kazuki: That's perfectly normal, isn't it? Surely there's nothing strange about siblings loving each other. You love me, don't you, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Yeah, that's right...
Kazuki: Hehe... of course you do. I love you too, Yuuji. Very much... But siblings can't get married no matter what. Isn't that what's really strange here...?
Yuuji: Why can't a brother and sister get married?
Kazuki: Well, there's a risk of hereditary disorders and such... People come up with all sorts of reasons. But if I'm this strongly attracted to you, we must be genetically compatible...
Kazuki: Either that or my genes are already abnormal, I suppose.
Kazuki: In any case, there's nothing wrong about these feelings...
Yuuji: I don't really get it...
Kazuki: In the first place, who gets to define "abnormal?" Is it abnormal for siblings to kiss? Is it abnormal for them to strip naked and hold each other...?
Yuuji: I dunno...
Kazuki: Then... how about putting a sister putting her brother's penis in her mouth...?
Yuuji: ...Nee-chan...
Narration: *A big sister who holds her little brother's undeveloped genitals in her mouth and eagerly moves her head back and forth...*
Narration: *Pretty clearly "abnormal" any way you look at it.*
Narration: *But for any number of reasons, I couldn't tell her to stop.*
Narration: *That's the way it had always been - for as long as I could remember.*
Narration: *I couldn't oppose my sister.*
Kazuki: Nn... mmm. *Smack* You've got to... do a better job washing down here, Yuuji... Nngh... mf... *Slurp* See...? There's all this white gunk stashed away inside... Bad boy... *Slrrrrp*
Yuuji: I'm s-sorry, Nee-chan... Nnngh...!
Kazuki: It's all right... Nnm... There. I'll clean it up for you... *Slrrrp*... Does that feel good...?
Yuuji: Yeah... really good...
Kazuki: ...Hya... Ah, haa... Look... My tongue's going under your foreskin... Can you tell...? Nn... nnah...
Yuuji: Ah... S-Stop it, Nee-chan... That hurts...!
Kazuki: Mm... Don't worry. I couldn't peel you last time, but today... I'll pull it back... nn... inside my mouth... slowly and carefully... *slrp*... just like this... Here we go...
Yuuji: ...Ngh!!
Kazuki: Ahah.♪ See, what did I tell you... I peeled you just fine... That's a good boy, Yuuji. Nnm... *slrp*... *kiss*... mmm...
Yuuji: Gh... ah! Stop it, Nee-chan! That's just... gross...!
Kazuki: ...I don't mind. There's nothing "gross" about you, Yuuji... I'll do anything you want... Here we go... *Slrrrp*...
Yuuji: Ah... gah... Wh-What is this...? I can't... think straight...
Kazuki: Nnh. *Slurp*... Feels good, doesn't it...? It's all right. This is the first time you've had it peeled back... nnn... You're not used to the stimulation yet, that's all... *Slurp* *Kiss*...
Yuuji: Ah... ah... aaah! It's gonna come out...! That white stuff's gonna... gaah! Ah! Aaah!
Kazuki: Very well then. Get it all inside your big sister's mouth, just like you always do... Hurry up... *Slrrrrrrrp*... Nnn...
Yuuji: ...Nnh! Uwaaaaaah!!
Kazuki: Aah... You came quite a lot today, Yuuji... Did that feel nice...?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *For some reason, Kazuki's face looked all the more beautiful covered in that gross white liquid.*
Narration: *My sister loved me so much. It almost made me want to cry. I couldn't do anything for her... so at the very least, I had to obey her.*
Kazuki: Tell me, Yuuji... what do you think? Am I abnormal...?
Yuuji: No... you're never wrong, Nee-chan...
Kazuki: Thank you, Yuuji... I think you've earned a reward. I'll show you something nice...
Yuuji: Something nice...?
Kazuki: I'll give you your first look at a "woman." Come here...
Narration: *Kazuki definitely wasn't a "normal" big sister.*
Narration: *But I'd figured that out a long time ago. It wasn't anything worth getting surprised about now.*
Narration: *My sister sluggishly picked herself up off the ground, settled onto the edge of the bathtub, then spread her vagina open with two fingers.*
Narration: *There was a soft fleshy pop as her hole slowly expanded. I wasn't particularly overwhelmed at the sight... Honestly, my first impressions were something like "It looks kinda slimy."*
Narration: *More than anything else, I was worried about my sister. Wasn't this embarrassing for her?*
Kazuki: ...See? This is the labia majora, and this is the labia minora. This is the clitoris, and this small hole is the urethral opening... The bigger hole underneath that is the vagina. That's the hole you use to make babies...
Yuuji: Whoa...
Kazuki: And... this right here is my hymen.
Yuuji: So this is what girls look like down here...
Kazuki: Well, not everyone's exactly the same. My membrane is a ring-shaped type... Relatively run-of-the-mill, I suppose. Want to touch it...?
Yuuji: Can I...?
Kazuki: Of course... Go ahead, put your finger inside...
Yuuji: ...Like this?
Kazuki: Nn...! Yuuji...
Yuuji: Did that hurt?
Kazuki: It's fine... but be gentle, all right?
Yuuji: Okay...
Kazuki: ...Next... try touching the clitoris...
Yuuji: ...The clitoris? Oh... this?
Kazuki: Yeees! That's it!!
Narration: *My big sister taught me a lot of things.*
Narration: *What girls want you to do for them... Where and how to touch them to make them happy... *
Narration: *For example, "be gentle" only applies for the start. Some sort of thin, clear liquid should come out after a while...*
Narration: *And once their voice starts getting high-pitched and sweet, it'll change to a thicker, sticky juice... Anyway, it was highly educational.*
Narration: *I'd passed through my mother's vagina once, but this was my first chance to investigate that mysterious body part at my leisure. I took my time and carefully explored Kazuki's genitals with my fingers.*
Kazuki: ...Nnn! Nh... ah...!
Yuuji: What's wrong? Did I poke it too hard...?
Kazuki: Don't worry, Yuuji... it feels very nice. Aah, whatever shall I do...? At this rate, I might end up crossing the line... I suppose that would be problematic, wouldn't it...
Yuuji: Crossing the line...? What line?
Kazuki: Well, let's see... We'll save penetration for when you get a little older. For today, make do with rubbing against it, all right...?
Narration: *With those words, Kazuki braced herself with both hands on the rim of the bathtub and stuck her rear end out toward me.*
Yuuji: ...What should I do?
Kazuki: There's a gap between my legs and my crotch, yes..? Slide your penis into that, then move your hips back and forth so you rub against me. Can you do that?
Yuuji: Okay, I'll try...
Narration: *Embracing my sister from behind, I slipped my penis in between her thighs and began to rub myself against her.*
Narration: *Pretty simple stuff, but for some reason it got me unbelievably excited.*
Kazuki: Nn... ah... haah! Yuuji... you're good at this...! That freshly-peeled penis of yours... keeps rubbing against my clitoris... Nnh! It's... wonderful! Naah, haah...!
Yuuji: ...Ah... Nee-chan...! Nee-chan!!
Kazuki: Guh... ah... ah! W-Wait, Yuuji... not so violently... You're going to make me... ah, aah!
Yuuji: Nn... What the...? This is... amazing... It feels so good when I rub you here... Ugh...
Kazuki: P-Please, Yuuji... wait... slow down! Or else... I'll just... ah... aaaaaah!
Yuuji: I'm sorry, Nee-chan... I can't stop moving... Haa... haa... Nee-chan...
Kazuki: Hnnh!! Hnh!! No more! I mean it! I won't be able... to stand up str... ah! Hnnh!!
Yuuji: Aah... Awesome...! There's all this slimy stuff coming out of your crotch, Nee-chan... and your "labias" keep sticking to my penis... It feels so good!
Kazuki: Aah... Yuuji... ah... hngh... Yuujiii! Ah... uwah! Ah! Ah! Aaah!!
Yuuji: ...You've got a really amazing look on your face right now, Nee-chan...
Kazuki: Nooo! You jerk! Don't look at me...! Yuuji, you stupid jerk!!
Yuuji: You don't have to tell me I'm stupid, okay...? I already noticed...
Kazuki: Hyaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *Kazuki squirmed with pleasure, completely transformed.*
Narration: *Her tongue was hanging out of her mouth, drool was running down her chin, and her eyes seemed about ready to roll back in their sockets. Seeing her like that was strangely enjoyable. In retrospect, I was probably feeling a sense of conquest.*
Narration: *All I had to do was thrust my waist back and forth a little, and I could turn the tables on my invincible big sister. It felt like some sort of triumph.*
Narration: *But just as I was getting close to a climax, I felt an indescribable pain in my groin - completely unlike anything I'd experienced before.*
Yuuji: ...Nnggh!!
Narration: *My abdomen felt like it was on fire.*
Narration: *When I grabbed my sides and moaned at the sudden pain, my sister looked back at me in concern.*
Kazuki: ...Are you all right? Let me see...
Narration: *And the instant Kazuki turned to bring her face closer to my groin, I felt myself explode.*
Yuuji: ...Uwaaaaaaah!!
Kazuki: ...Kyaa!!
Yuuji: Ah... aaah... I c-can't stop... S-Sorr... Nee-cha... nnnngh!!
Kazuki: Wha... Wait... Yuuji!
Narration: *As violent pulses of pleasure ran through me, I spewed semen all over my sister's face.*
Kazuki: ...Honestly... just look at this mess... Did it feel that good...?
Yuuji: Uh-huh... I dunno why... but that felt really, really good...
Kazuki: I see. Good for you. In that case, I'll let you do it again sometime... Aren't you a lucky boy?
Yuuji: Yeah... I'm happy... Thank you, Nee-chan...

Asako: ...Mmmm... *Sluuurp*...
Yuuji: ...Wow... that feels good, Asako...
Asako: Heh... no kidding?
Yuuji: Well... I'm supposed to say it feels good before you can ask, right...? Isn't that one of the rules...?
Asako: Uh, yeah... but you don't want to bring that up while we're getting it on, okay? It really kills the mood...
Yuuji: ...Hehe..
Asako: And what exactly are you laughing about?
Yuuji: Nothing... you really are pretty good at this, Asako. Thanks...
Asako: ...Hey... stop patting my head, punk...
Yuuji: Why...? Don't you like it?
Asako: Th-That's not what I'm sayin'... I'm just not used to it, okay...?
Yuuji: Oh... I guess you didn't get many headpats as a kid, huh? You must have been one rude little punk...
Asako: ...Fuck... mind your own business, kid...
Yuuji: I'm not that different, you know...
Yuuji: My parents never patted me on the head... the only one who did was my sister...
Yuuji: That always made me really happy, so I always did everything I could for her... I wanted her praise so badly...
Yuuji: Right now, you're doing something nice for me... so I figured I should reward you. Good girl, Asako...
Asako: ...You're really throwin' me off my game here... just focus on your dick, okay?
Yuuji: Mmm... sure. Keep going...
Asako: ...Mmm... *Smack*... mmmm... *Sluuurp*... mmm. Hey, did this thing get bigger since last time? You're all grown up down here now, aren't you...
Yuuji: ...It's your fault, Asako... you played with it too much...
Asako: ...Mmmm... *Sluurp*... Haah... Well, all right then. Guess I'll squeeze one out of you, as requested... here goes, kid... mmmm...
Yuuji: ...Ngh! Asako... you really love giving head, don't you...?
Asako: ...Mmmm... *Sluurp*... mm... haah... Can't deny that... mm... mm... mmn... ngh...
Narration: *He really doesn't get it, does he? Still just a punk kid, I guess...*
Narration: *It ain't like I'd going around giving head to every guy I run into, you know?*
Narration: *I mean, yeah... at first, I was just trying to mess with him a little. Figured I'd knock that cocky brat down a few pegs.*
Narration: *The first time I gave him a blowjob, there wasn't really any special meaning behind it... I think...*
Narration: *But looking back on it now, I guess I'd already taken a bit of a shine to him.*
Narration: *That's the whole reason I wanted to see him quivering in pleasure with tears running down his cheeks.*
Narration: *You know how little girls always pick on the kids they like? Yeah, turns out I'm the exact same way.*
Narration: *And until I figured that out, I'd barely even realized how I felt about him. Guess I'm pretty damn immature myself.*
Asako: ...Mmm... *Sluurp*... nfh... *Smack*... mmmm... Hey, Yuuji... That feels good, right...? Mmmm... mmmm... *Sluuuurp*... nmmm... haaah... mmm...
Yuuji: ...Yeah, it does... What about you, Asako? You enjoying that...?
Asako: ...Mmm... Shaddup, dumbass... mmm... *Sluuurp*... mmm... ngh... nfh... mmm... *Smack*... mm...
Narration: *Of course I'm enjoying it.*
Narration: *Even a smegma-encrusted dick's a delicacy when it belongs to someone you love... that's something I learned from you.*
Narration: *Hell... sometimes, it almost feels like sucking this thing's my whole purpose in life...*
Narration: *I'm honestly... willing to do anything... if it'll make him happy... *
Asako: ...Mmmm... so what next? Wanna enjoy this a bit more? Or maybe it's time for... you know what?
Yuuji: ...Uh... you wanna stick your finger up my ass again...? No way...
Asako: Heh, you know you like it... you should learn to be a bit more honest with yourself... Hm... mm... here we go...
Yuuji: ...Ugh!!
Asako: Mmm... *sluurp*... mgh... What's wrong? You can be louder if you want, you know? Nfwah... mmm... *sluurp*
Yuuji: Uwaah! Aaaah! Aaaaaaaaaahh!
Asako: See? You like that, don't you? Nfwah... nmmh... *sluurp*... mmm... mm... mm... *sluuurp*
Yuuji: Cut it out... Asako... If you keep this up... I'm gonna... come...! Uuuungh!
Asako: Fufu... Your ass is pretty warm Yuuji... it's really squeezin' down, too... Man, and your dick's hard as a rock... wanna come...?
Yuuji: ...I can't... Asako... I'm... coming!!
Asako: Oh? Wah! Hey! Kid!!
Yuuji: ...Asako!! Asakooo...!!
Asako: Hey... Okay, okay, I get it! Stop flailing around so much! That hurts! 
Yuuji: Sorry, Asako! But... it feels too good to stop! I'm gunna come... just like this...
Asako: H-Hold on a second... let me at least get it back in my mouth, okay?
Yuuji: Don't wanna... I wanna come on you just like this... please?
Asako: ...Sheesh, what a spoiled brat... fine... do whatever you want...
Yuuji: I'm... coming...!!
Asako: ...Bwah!! Geh!! Why, you little...! You got it all over my face!!
Yuuji: I'm... I'm still... coming!!
Asako: Ugh... *Cough*... *Cough*! C'mon, kid, cut it... G-Gah! You're still going!? Just how much come did you have saved up...? Uwaaah! Christ, that's a lot...
Yuuji: ...Haah... Haah... Haaah... Aaah...!
Asako: Ugh... shit... you always come so much... I'm all sticky now...
Yuuji: ...Sorry for getting it all over your face...
Asako: It's fine... It IS your birthday, I suppose... I'll let it slide just this once...
Yuuji: ...So how did it feel to get a facial from a guy who's way younger than you...?
Asako: I gotta say it was a bit humiliating... You're one hell of a sadist, aren't you...?
Yuuji: ...Am I...?
Asako: Last time I gave you a blowjob you practically choked me with your come... and then you pinched my nose and told me I had to swallow it all... that was pretty brutal, kid...
Yuuji: Oh... Sorry... I was kind of caught up in the moment, so I don't remember that too clearly...
Asako: ...Well, whatever... Anyway, ready to become a man now?
Yuuji: ...Okay...
Asako: ...Ready when you are... You know what to do, right?
Yuuji: Yeah, more or less...
Asako: Mmm...
Yuuji: Aaah... Haaah... It's... going in...
Asako: ...Mmm... Mmmmmm... There you go... now just... push a little deeper...
Yuuji: Ah... This is... amazing... It's warm and soft... and wet... It feels totally differnt... from your mouth...
Asako: ...Nice stuff, right? This is what a "woman" feels like... You can move any way you want.
Yuuji: Asako... This is amazing... It feels so good... I can't believe this... I'm inside you right now...
Asako: ...Good for you... You're a man now, I guess.
Yuuji: Nnngh! Asako... Please don't move... This... is too intense...
Asako: ...Hm? Haha... I'm not doing anything. Let me tell you something, Yuuji. When a girl's fucking a guy she likes, her pussy's gonna try to pull his dick further in all on its own...
Yuuji: ...Asako... do you like me?
Asako: Of course I do, dumbass... Mm... you think I'd have sex with you otherwise...?
Yuuji: Crap... that actually makes me kinda happy... really happy, actually... I like you too, Asako...
Asako: ...That so? Well, don't get too attached to me, you hear? It'll just make it harder on you when I kick the bucket.
Yuuji: I'm not worried... You're pretty tough to kill, Asako...
Asako: ...What am I, a cockroach? Stop flapping your gums and start moving your hips...
Yuuji: Okay...
Asako: Mmmm! Aaah... haaah... that's good... now faster...
Yuuji: A-Asako... Asako, it's amazing... All the softness is... wrapping around me... sticking to me...
Asako: ...That feel good...?
Yuuji: Yeah... I don't know why, but... you look really cute today, Asako...
Asako: ...Uh... S-Stop staring at my face, dumbass...
Yuuji: Why...? You're cute, Asako...
Asako: S-Shut it... Where d'you get off calling an older woman "cute"? Idiot...
Yuuji: You're a big woman... you always hit me... you get mad easily... you're not ladylike... you suck at cooking...you make weird noises when you brush your teeth in the morning... you're more like a dirty old man than a girl...
Yuuji: ...But even so... my heart's beating really fast right now... I love you, Asako...
Asako: Ughh...
Yuuji: Ungh! You suddenly got really tight...
Asako: I-I-I-Idiot... What the hell are you saying... to an old hag like me...? You're hopeless, you know that...? A hopeless moron...
Yuuji: Could you please stop insulting me? I already know I'm being weird...
Asako: ...Say it again...
Yuuji: Hm?
Asako: You uh... love me... right?
Yuuji: Yeah... I love you, Asako...
Asako: Mmmm...!!
Yuuji: Nngh!! Asako...! Wait... that... feels too good!
Asako: Aah... Come on... you're a man aren't you? Hold it in a bit longer...
Yuuji: Aaah... I... can't... I'm... coming... again!!
Asako: ...Nhooooh!!
Yuuji: Aah...! Aaaaaaaaaahh!!
Asako: ...Damn... you really came...
Yuuji: Aaaah... I can't... stop... Ungh!
Asako: ...That's fine... just let it all out.
Yuuji: Aaaaaaaaahh!!
Asako: ...Buh... dammit... another facial...? Bweh!!
Yuuji: Awww... I messed up... I came on your face... I wanted to come inside you and make you squeal... what a downer...
Asako: Well, no big deal... ain't like screwing this up's gonna kill you. You can mess up as many times as you need, I'll always be here... Congrats on losing your virginity, Yuuji...
Asako: ...I think that's more or less how it went. Sorry, JB! I already took his virginity!
JB: ...Okay, I'm not really angry about that...
JB: In any case... was that it?
Asako: Hm? What do you mean?
JB: I mean, well... that was the only time you had sex with Yuuji?
Asako: Huh? You're kidding, right? When a guy his age has free access to a pussy, they sure as hell aren't gonna stop after the first time.
JB: You did it again!?
Asako: Well, of course. Pretty much right after the first time.
JB: ......
Asako: Hey, cut it out with the judgmental glare... I do regret it a little now, okay...?
JB: ...You? Regretting something!? Well, well... never thought I'd live to see the day...
Asako: ...Yeah, let me come clean... I screwed up big time. I never thought my little pranks would lead to the birth of a total monster...
Narration: *Anyway... I'd gotten multiple facefuls of youthful enthusiasm that day, so I went to take a shower and clean myself off.*
Narration: *When I came back, I figured I'd find him in a good mood. But the little twerp was sitting in the bathtub, hugging his knees and looking all miserable.*
Yuuji: ...Ugh...
Asako: What the hell...? Don't tell me that's still bothering you?
Yuuji: Ugh... I'm such a quick shot... I couldn't even make you come, Asako... this is so humiliating...
Asako: Uh, look... for a virgin, you didn't do half bad. It ain't like I'm gonna hold it against you or anything.
Yuuji: ...Can we go again, then?
Asako: Huh? Right now?
Yuuji: Yeah, I'm ready...
Asako: Damn, must be nice to be young. Alright then, get over here!
Narration: *―Since it was his second time around, he lasted a lot longer. Knew how to handle himself better, too.*
Yuuji: ...Asako... it feels amazing... Sorry, but I can't stop anymore...
Asako: ...Ngh... haah... haah.. Yuuji... whoa... gaah... haah... Guh...
Narration: *"Damn... the kid's already starting to learn how to pleasure women..."*
Yuuji: ...Right here? Does that feel good, Asako? I... think I'm getting the hang of it...
Asako: ...Mmmm!! Oooh... aaah! Stop... hey... no... that's... Unngh!!
Yuuji: ...Asako... open wide... I'm gonna give you more of my drool...
Asako: ...Ngh... mmm... nggh... mmmm... nghh... gah... nmh... mm... ngh... haaah... Yuuji... that's... too much... cut it out... you tryin' to fill me up with drool...?
Yuuji: ...That's what I'm going for. If you don't like it, I can stop...
Asako: Idiot... mmmm... ngh... mmmm... haaah... *Cough*... *Hack*...
Narration: *He keeps on thrusting right at my weak points as hard as he can, and he's forcing me to drink his saliva.*
Narration: *When I try and turn my face away, he forcibly turns it back... and then makes me drink even more, as if punishing me for trying to escape.*
Narration: *This kid's a real piece of work.*
Narration: *Getting pushed around like this... is actually kind of thrilling, though. Feels like he's asserting that I'm his woman.*
Narration: *Damn it... this kid... knows more about women more than I thought...*
Narration: *Is it just instinctual...? Or did "someone" train him to be like this...?*
Narration: *Well... it doesn't really matter... either way, this feels awesome...*
Yuuji: ...Aaah... Asako... it feels so good inside you... can I... come inside?
Asako: Mmmm... aaah... hah... *pant*... Wh-What? What did you... just say?
Yuuji: Asako... I wanna come inside you... just say "okay," will you...?
Asako: O-Okay...
Yuuji: Asako... I'm coming...!!
Asako: Aaaaah! Unnngh! Mmmm! Ah... aaaaah!!
Narration: *Christ... this is the third time today, but he's still coming buckets...*
Yuuji: Asako... Asako!
Narration: *Even after he finishes ejaculating, he still keeps on thrusting until every last drop was out. It's like he's trying to rub his own come into my pussy...*
Asako: Mmm... aah... haah... haaah... Damn, Yuuji... you're somethin' else...
Yuuji: Nhaah... what do you mean...?
Narration: *He's either got a real aptitude for sex... or maybe he just picks up on things extremely fast...?*
Narration: *It was only his second time ever, but Kazami Yuuji managed to give me a pretty damn impressive orgasm.*
Asako: ...Yuuji... You're damn good at this. That was amazing...
Yuuji: Really? Then let's do it one more time, before I forget how I did that.
Asako: Are you serious? Man, you really are young. W-Well, I guess it's fine... I did say you could have your way with me, birthday boy... come on, then...
Narration: *By the time we started our third consecutive round, I was pretty damn out of it. Couldn't even bring myself to move.*
Asako: ...Ungh... nghhh... aaah... aaaaaaah!
Yuuji: Come on, Asako... you've gotta... do your part too...
Asako: Bweagh!! Stop it... Yuuji... That's... not the right... uwaaaah...
Narration: *...Well, I did say it.*
Narration: *I told him he could have his way with me.*
Narration: *But I guess I figured his virgin status would put a natural limit on things.*
Narration: *This wasn't part of the plan.*
Narration: *To think a virgin brat like him would make me come, then start riding me doggy style while sticking his fingers in my ass...*
Narration: *I know the Japanese have a history of underestimating their opponents... but who the hell knew the kid was hiding this kind of talent...?*
Yuuji: ...What's wrong, Asako...? You look like you're about to fall over.
Asako: S-Shut up! Just... take your fingers out of there, or I'm really gonna get mad!
Yuuji: ...It's my birthday... didn't you say I could do anything I wanted today...? I guess adults are just all liars...
Asako: Gah... fine! I give up. Stick your hand or your dick up there for all I care, you little shit! 
Yuuji: ...Wait, really? Can I?
Asako: Uh... Sorry... I didn't really mean that last one...
Yuuji: And now you're toying with an innocent boy's heart? You're a bad girl, Asako... And bad girls need to be punished!
Asako: Owww!! You brat! You smacked me for real, goddammit!!
Yuuji: You've got a really big ass, Asako... not that I'm complaining...
Asako: ...You're pretty hardcore for a punk kid, aren't you...? Shit...
Narration: *He's really enjoying getting back at me for all the crap I put him through during his trainig.*
Yuuji: ...I'm gonna stick it in your butt now... Don't get mad, okay?
Asako: Ohwooo!! Ooooohh! Ooooooooohnn! Hey... Wai...! Uwaaah! You little! You serious...!? Uwaaaaaaah!!
Yuuji: Wow... this is amazing... your asshole's going all pale as it spreads open... does that hurt?
Asako: Of course it fucking hurts!! Nhooooo!!
Yuuji: Oh, it does? Sorry... but I'm really enjoying it, at least. Every part of your body's seriously amazing, Asako... no wonder you're such a legend...
Asako: Aah... Shut up, you jerk...
Yuuji: Ungh... Asako... don't shake your butt like that... or I'll come again...
Asako: ...Shut up... Just come already... that's what you get for jamming your cock in someone's ass, dumbass...
Yuuji: ...Ugh... aah... aah... Asako... I'm coming again...
Asako: Uwaaah... aaah... aaaaah... christ... that's too much, dumbass...! Ugh... aoooooh... uwoohn!
Narration: *It's his fourth ejaculation of the day. There wasn't that much force behind it this time.*
Narration: *But as the thick semen slowly pours into me, I still climax gently.*
Narration: *Unlike the previous orgasms that came on suddenly and violently, I was slowly coaxed into this one. Can't say I dislike that, though.*
Narration: *Yuuji's dick keeps twitching inside my ass, as if reluctant to admit his orgasm is over. It's kinda cute, honestly.*
Narration: *It's a shame we're doing it doggy style. Right now... I kind want to turn around, kiss him, and tell him I love him.*
Asako: ...Yuuji... Yuuji...
Yuuji: Hm? What's up, Asako?
Asako: You don't need to respond, dumbass... I just felt like saying your name... if you're done coming, how about taking your dick out of my ass?
Yuuji: Mmm... can we stay like this... for just a little bit longer...?
Asako: ...Well, I guess... man, I really spoil you rotten...
Yuuji: Yeah... you're always so good to me, Asako... I'd be hopeless without you...
Asako: ...Idiot...
Yuuji: ...Anyway... can we go one more time, Asako?
Asako: Wait... are you serious? Isn't it about time for a break...?
Yuuji: Oh, you're already tired? I mean, I'm still good to go... but if you can't keep going, then...
Asako: Say what!? Don't be stupid! I'm just getting warmed up!!
Yuuji: Right. There's no way the iron woman Kusakabe Asako would be done after just four rounds! Let's keep going!
Asako: Goddamn it... Fine, fine!

JB: ...And of course, I end up giving in anyway... I'm just too soft...
Yuuji: That's not a problem. I love soft girls...
JB: ...Could you please stop talking to my breasts...?
Yuuji: But they're so big...
JB: That's not much of an excuse... I did say you could touch them, but I never said you could bury your face into them...
Yuuji: I love big boobs... didn't you know that?
JB: ...Well... maybe I would have been a bit more careful if I did...
Yuuji: ...Your boobs smell really nice, JB...
JB: Well, I'm an adult woman... I use perfume like everyone else...
Yuuji: It's a really relaxing smell... almost like a mom's...
JB: ...I-I see...
Narration: *That's right... He lost his mother at a young age, didn't he...?*
Narration: *It's only natural that he's... a little lonely...*
JB: ...Umm... do you... want to try sucking on them...?
Yuuji: ...Hm?
JB: I mean... my boobs...
Yuuji: Can I?
JB: ...Just a little bit... okay?
Yuuji: Yeah. Thank you...
JB: ...Ah...
Narration: *Oh geez... his mouth... feels so warm.*
Narration: *His tongue's all wet... it feels so weird...*
Yuuji: ...Ah... your nipples got hard...
JB: Y-You don't have to say that!
Yuuji: Your nipples are really... pink and pretty, JB...
JB: Th-Thank you... nm... b-but, umm... could you please stop... pinching them with your fingers... mgh... like that?
Yuuji: ...Does it hurt?
JB: I-It doesn't... but... aah... it tickles, so... nfwah... aaaah!
Yuuji: That a fact? All right, guess I should do it a little harder...
JB: Nhaaah!! Aaaah! H-Hey! Don't... bite them!!
Yuuji: Oh... sorry. I got a bit carried away there...
JB: Ah...
Narration: *Oh no... his penis is rubbing against my thighs...*
Narration: *I see... my boobs... got him all excited...*
Narration: *It's so hard... if I just leave him like this, I think I'd feel a little bad...?*
Narration: *Ugh... what do I do...?*
JB: Hey... Yuuji... Do you want to... have sex with me?
Yuuji: Yeah... But don't worry, I can control myself...
JB: ...You don't... have to. It's all right... let's do it...
Yuuji: Seriously? Thanks, Julia! I love you!
JB: D-Don't just call me Julia whenever you feel like it... Honestly, do you just tell every girl willing to have sex with you that you love her?
Yuuji: Don't be stupid. It's not like I'll have sex with just anyone. If Asako told me to do it with someone other than you, I would have refused...
JB: ...Oh... I see...
Yuuji: Okay, I'm gonna get started. If I stick it in all at once it'll probably hurt, so we'll take things slow...
JB: ...Huh? Hey... Waaah!?
Yuuji: ...I'm gonna start licking you now, okay?
JB: Aah... Hey... Hyaaah!
Narration: *Oh god... no way... he's actually licking my... aah!!*
JB: No... Stop, not there... don't peel that back!
Yuuji: Why not?
JB: Why not...!? Because it's embarrassing!
Yuuji: Deal with it. I want to see your pussy, Julia... you're gonna show me, right?
JB: G-Gaaaaaaah...!!
Yuuji: Don't worry, it's really pretty. What a nice shade of pink...
JB: He's looking anywaaaay! He's peeling it opeeeen!!
Yuuji: You're cute, Julia.
JB: Morooooooooooon!!
Yuuji: All right, I'm gonna go nice and slow. Close your eyes and focus on your private parts...
JB: Auuuuu...
Yuuji: Mmm. Good girl, Julia... Ready to start?
JB: ...Uuu... aaah... haah... mmm... kngh...
Narration: *Aah... what's with this...? Every time his soft, warm tongue touches me, my hips twitch on their own...*
Narration: *It's nothing at all like masturbating...*
Narration: *Having someone else do it... feels so much better...*
JB: ...Ah... mmm! There...!!
Yuuji: Hm? Do you like it when I lick you here?
JB: Yeah... it feels... really good...
Yuuji: All right, then. I'll do it some more...
JB: Ah! Aaaaaah!!
Narration: *This... is actually... amazing...*
Narration: *And the guilt of knowing that I'm making a younger guy do this for me... only makes it better.*
Narration: *...More to the point, this kid's really good!*
Narration: *It's... kind of thrilling that a boy this young's already so talented at pleasuring women... he's finding all my weak spots...*
Narration: *I know all about his past... so I know I really shouldn't be doing this with him... but... but...*
JB: It feels so good!!
Yuuji: ...That's great... I'll make you feel even better now...
Narration: *Aah... I don't believe it... he's already taken total control of the situation...*
Narration: *At this rate... I'm definitely going to come...*
Narration: *But one little orgasm... wouldn't be the end of the world, right...?*
Narration: *...Wait, what?*
JB: ...Um, Yuuji?
Yuuji: What's up?
JB: "What's up," he says... why are you grabbing on to my legs like that...?
Yuuji: Well... things are gonna get a bit more intense, so... I need to make sure you can't run away.
JB: ...What?
Yuuji: Okay, I'm gonna keep going.
JB: Hey... wait...!
Narration: **Sluurp*...*
JB: Hyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *No... no way... he's... you can't just suck on my clitoris!! Nooo...!!*
JB: Yuuji! Stop! Yuuji! Wait! Wait! That's too rough!!
Narration: *He's pulling back the skin around my clit with his tongue... rolling it around inside his mouth... cleaning up the smegma in my folds... this is too much... I can't control myself...!*
JB: T-This is too embarrassing, Yuuji! Cut it out!! If you get any rougher... I'm gonna melt!!
Yuuji: Nnnfh... I think you already are, Julia...
JB: Eeeeek!! Aaaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaaaaah!!
Yuuji: Hm? Did you just come a little? Well, we're not done yet...
JB: No way!! Stop! Please! Please let me go!!
Yuuji: Hahaha, don't be stupid... there's no way I'm going to let you off that easy. I guess blondes really are airheads...
JB: Aaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!
Narration: *Aaah... you're terrible, Yuuji... My clitoris is still sensitive... if you keep licking it like that... I'll... I'll...!*
JB: Aah! Uwaaaah! Auuuu!! Noooooo!!
Narration: *I'm melting. From the inside out.*
Narration: *This hard little lump below my stomach... is melting into a hot liquid... and dribbling out of me...*
Yuuji: Mmm... you're really wet now...
JB: Aaah... haah... uwaaah... aah... aah...
Yuuji: What next? Normally this is where I'd stick a finger or two up your ass and keep sucking your clit until you come again, but...
JB: S...Shtop... h't... do... hat.. I'll die...
Yuuji: You're not even making sense now...
JB: Th-That's enough... please, let's just...
Yuuji: Hm... okay then...
JB: Ah...
Narration: *Thank goodness... he's stopped. I knew it... Yuuji's a nice kid at heart...*
Narration: *Yeah... the only reason he's like this... is because of Asako... it's all Asako's fault...*
Narration: *I'll need to scold her later...*
Narration: *Wait... what was that noise just now...?*
Yuuji: ...There we go. It's in, Julia.
JB: ...What?
Yuuji: It didn't hurt, did it?
JB: Whaaaat?
Yuuji: ...Congratulations on losing your virginity, Julia!
JB: Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!?
Yuuji: ...What are you so surprised about?
JB: Hey! When did you...!? Whaaat!? Hold on! No way!
Yuuji: ...Huh? You said that was enough foreplay, didn't you...?
JB: Huh? No, no, no!! That's not what I meant, okay!?
Yuuji: ...???
JB: I didn't mean "That's enough foreplay, so let's have sex!" I meant that's enough, so let's stop!
Yuuji: Oh, really? Sorry... but I'm already inside you now, so...
JB: Whaaaat!?! Aagh, it's really all in already!!
Yuuji: Yep, it is. All of it.
JB: That's all you have to say!?
Yuuji: Oh... uhm, it feels good. You're tighter than Asako...
JB: This is NOT the time to be comparing me to other women!!
Yuuji: Right, sorry... you're starting to get a little annoying, but... I guess I'll apologize anyway...
JB: Oh god... this isn't right at all... calm down. Calm down Julia... You've gotta come to your senses...
Yuuji: Hey, can I start moving?
JB: Listen when I'm talking!
Yuuji: Look, I couldn't help myself, okay? I put it in because I love you, JB...
JB: ...Gah... Y-You love me!? A kid like you doesn't even know what that really means!
Yuuji: ...Oh, okay. Didn't mean to offend you. I guess I won't say it anymore...
JB: Why are you being such a bully!?
Yuuji: "...Look, what do you want from me here?"
JB: "How dense can you be!? This isn't that hard to understand, is it!?"
Yuuji: "You're not even making any sense, woman...!"
Asako: ...You still got a ways to go, Yuuji... didn't I tell you what to do when a girl starts talking nonsense like that...? Get it together, fer fuck's sake...
JB: "In the first place! When you're going to stick it in, you need to tell the girl first! You can't just shove it in there! This is rape, all right!? Rape!"
Yuuji: "...I'm sorry, Julia... please forgive me..."
JB: "...Hey! Nmmgh!? Mmmmmm!! Aaah... no... hey... don't just start... mmmm!!"
Yuuji: "Aah... your lips are really sweet, Julia..."
JB: "Mmmm... haah... mm... Idiot... nnmgh... mmm... haah..."
Asako: ...There you go, that's the ticket. When a woman gets noisy, just kiss her. Same way you shut me up that time you raped me in the bathroom...
Yuuji: "...Julia... I can't hold back any longer..."
JB: "...Cut it out... don't think... you can distract me with a kiss..."
Asako: ...Damn, JB, you're still putting up a fight...? That's one stubborn woman...
Asako: But don't give up, Yuuji... You've overcome a lot to make it this far. Believe in yourself, and the skills you've honed... bring her down! Push harder, Yuuji!
Yuuji: "...You know, I'm honestly kind of annoyed at this point, so I'm gonna start moving anyway."
JB: "Nooooooo!! I'm going to be raaaaped!"
Asako: ...Come on, Yuuji... why do you always mess it up in the endgame? You gotta learn when not to say what you're thinking...
Asako: And seriously, JB... it's already in, so stop squawking already... if you don't put a lid on it eventually, the kid's gonna get sick of you for real...
JB: A-Aaah! Nnngh! Nnnnngh!
Yuuji: Wow... it's really... warm inside you Julia. It feels amazing. Look how your pussy's clinging to me...
JB: Aaaah... S-Stop talking about it... that's embarrassing...
Yuuji: There's nothing embarrassing about it... you weren't in any pain when I put it in, either. I guess we're pretty compatible... I'm sliding in really easily, see...?
JB: Ngh... haah... nooo... Stop saying... such weird things...
Yuuji: ...I can't believe how easy I got it inside you... This feels pretty amazing, too... I guess older girls all have wetter pussies...?
JB: ...Mmmm... cut it out... it's embarrassing... and stop comparing me to other women!
Yuuji: Jealous...?
JB: ...D-Don't be stupid! Why would I be...!?
Yuuji: But your pussy's... clinging to my dick so tightly, Julia...
Yuuji: You know what that means? You're not embarrassed that I'm comparing you to other girls... you just don't want anyone to take my penis away from you. Your pussy's desperate to keep me inside you...
JB: That's not... true! I'm not thinking that at all! It's a lie! A lie!
Yuuji: ...You'll enjoy this more if you just accept it...
JB: No!!
Yuuji: C'mon, give it a try. Say "I love you, Yuuji" and see what happens.
JB: No way! I'll never say that!
Yuuji: Just say it... I won't let you off the hook until you do. Come on...
JB: Auuuu!! Noooo!! Stop! Don't move! It hurts! Don't be so rough! Aaah! Aaaaaah!!
Yuuji: Oh crap, right... you're a virgin! Sorry, my bad. It just went in so easily that I forgot... I'll go slower, Julia... like this...
JB: ...Gah... aaaugh... ngh... eegh... aah... mmm... haah... mm...
Yuuji: ...Well? Is that better? Does it still hurt?
JB: ...No... it feels good now...
Yuuji: Haha... so you finally admitted it...
JB: Aaah... guuh... It doesn't feel... good at all...
Yuuji: ...Really? I guess it must still hurt a little bit... how about a kiss to keep your mind off it?
JB: ...Don't wanna...
Yuuji: It's nothing but "no" and "don't wanna" with you... do you really hate me that much?
JB: ...It's your fault for bullying me...
Yuuji: Well... if you already hate me, I guess it won't matter if I bully you a little more. Okay, Julia... open your mouth.
JB: ...No! Nmoooo!! Fhmooo!! Nmuuu!!!
Yuuji: ...Maybe you'll be a bit more honest with yourself once you drink some of my drool.
JB: Nwooooh!! Mmmmm!! Nmuuuuu!!
Yuuji: Ngh... Haah... Amazing... You've gotten even tighter...
JB: Haah... haaah.. haaah... nooo... Stop... Ddon't... put your drool in my mouth... it's making... my body all hot... haaah... haah... ngh... haaah... haah...
Yuuji: ...Look at that, Julia... Your pussy's pulling me further and further in... it's like you're trying to tear my dick off... nngh..
JB: Aaaah!! Aaaaaah! Aah! Yaaah! Nnngh! Wait... Stop! Please stop! That... hurts!! I'm gonna die!!
Yuuji: ...Want another kiss? It'll help you forget the pain.
JB: Y-Yes, please! Quickly! Kiss me!! Kiss meee!!
Yuuji: Mmm... Okay, stick out your tongue a bit more...
JB: Nhaah... aaah... haaah... ahnn... mmgh... mmm... Aah... I like it... when you kiss me... I think... I'm going crazy...
Yuuji: You already sound pretty crazy to me... Well, whatever. You're kind of cute when you're acting stupid like this...
JB: Nnngh! Aaaaah!
Yuuji: ...Seems like you can even hear me anymore... Hey Julia, I'm gonna start going faster, okay? Are you listening?
JB: ...Yeah! I'm listening! Aaaah! Aaaah! Aaaah!! Kaha!!
Yuuji: How about here? A little behind the bladder... this is the G-spot, isn't it? Let's try rubbing that a little...
JB: Agaah!! Yaaaah! That's...! Stop! My... My hips are giving out!! Eeeek!!
Yuuji: For all your complaining... you seem to be moving your own hips too...
JB: That's not true! I-I'm not doing anything! Mmmm!! Mmmmmm!!
Yuuji: Really? Then I guess you must be doing it unconsciously. What a pervert... I love it!
JB: I-I'm not! I'm not moving! I-I-... Aah! Aaaaaaaah!! What's hapening!? I don't understand! I don't know... what's happening to me!
Yuuji: ...Can't hold it back any longer? Come whenever you want, Julia...
JB: Uwaaaah!! Aaaah! Aaaaaaah! I'm gonna come! I'm coming... comiiiiiiing!!
Yuuji: Whoa... that's pretty impressive... but I think... I'm about to come too... Nngh!
JB: Aaaaaaaaaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaah! You're pouring it... inside meeeee... mwaaah...
Yuuji: Yeah... I'm coming real deep inside you... that feel good...?
JB: Auugh... it's hot... no, Yuuji... you can't... come inside me...
Yuuji: I can and I did.
JB: You haaaaan't...
Yuuji: I don't really know what you want me to tell you...
JB: Hehe... ehehehehe... ahahahaha...
Yuuji: ...Huh? Did you finally lose it?
JB: Oh, leave me alone... I'm just laughing at how ridiculous I am...
Yuuji: There's nothing wrong with being ridiculous. I like you either way, Julia...
JB: Well, good for you... did you enjoy fucking the girl you like senseless, then?
Yuuji: Yeah, it was great. I want to do it again.
JB: Sarcasm's lost on you, isn't it?
Yuuji: Is that a no?
JB: ...I... didn't say that, did I? Don't give me that look! You're going to make me feel bad!
Yuuji: Oh. So we can go again?
JB: ...Are you kidding me? Right now?
Yuuji: ...Yep...
JB: Can't we rest for a bit?
Yuuji: That's a waste of time. I'm still good to go.
JB: Well, uhm... that's nice, but I'm really not. I need a little time...
Yuuji: I'll be gentler this time, okay...? Please?
JB: H-Hmmm... well... just for a minute, maybe...
Yuuji: Huh? There's no way a "minute" is going to be long enough... what are you even talking about?
JB: ...Huh?
JB: "Hey... Wait! No way! Eeeek!! Nooo, let me go! Stop pulling my legs! You'll see everythiiing!!"
Asako: Oh? Looks like round two's started... Well, figured as much... Yuuji's never satisfied just coming once.
JB: "Nhaaah!! Aaaaaaaaah!! Shtoooooop!! Don't lick me there... Awawawawah! Uheee!!"
Asako: ...Don't tell me... he's going for the asshole again?
Asako: I don't know where he learned that trick, but... once he starts licking your asshole, you're gonna come before you even know it...
JB: "Ooooh! Oooooh! Nwoooh!! Nhoooooo!!"
Asako: I feel you, girl. Hard not to sound like an idiot when he's going to town on your ass...
JB: "Aaaaaah!! Nooo! Shtooooop!! Nosh shere! I'm sensitive there!! Shtooop iiiit!! Nhiiiii!!"
Asako: ...The classic ass-clit combo... Never fails, that one... especially when you remember that you're being dominated by a friggin' kid... adds an extra layer of spice to the whole thing...
JB: "Hey! That's enough right? That's totally enough! Please stop sticking your tongue in there! I'm begging you! Or else I'll... I'll coooome!"
Asako: But man, he's taking their sweet time... how long is the kid planning to keep this up for? I'm starting to get sleepy out here...
JB: "Aaaaaah!! Nooo! I'm gonna pee if you keep sucking that hard...!! Aaaaah! Aaaaaaaah!"
Asako: ...Yuuji's really going at it... guess he really does like JB, huh...?
JB: "Nooo... no way... you're drinking it!? No, don't drink iiiiiiiiit!! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
Asako: ...Damn. He's got some pretty hardcore fetishes, though...
JB: S-Save meeee... Asakooo!!
Yuuji: Hey, where do you think you're going? We're not done yet.
JB: Aaaah! Nooooo! Let me go! Please!! Please have meeeercy!
Yuuji: Ahaha. Don't be stupid Julia, there's no way I'll let you off the hook that easy. C'mon, get back here.
JB: Noooooooooooooooooo!!!
Asako: ...Hmm... look at him dragging her off like a lion with its prey... that kid's pretty brutal, all right. Can't believe he'd treat an innocent little virgin that roughly...
Asako: ...You know, now that I think about it... maybe it wasn't the brightest idea to let Yuuji be her first...
Narration: *Around the time Asako was realizing her mistake, my mind was already floating in a sea of ecstasy.*
JB: Aaah... bwaaaaah...
Narration: *My face was pressed against the bed. It was all I could do to withstand the countless waves of pleasure crashing over me.*
Narration: *By that point, I was basically just a sex toy for Yuuji to pleasure himself with.*
Yuuji: You're amazing, Julia... I could keep fucking you forever...
JB: Aaah... No more, please... I'm begging you... I'll give you as much money as you want...
Yuuji: Okay, we'll make this the last time then. Just hang in there a bit longer...
JB: Ugh... please... just finish up already... my pussy's so sore...
Yuuji: Sorry... look, I'm already coming... here goes, Julia... nnngh!
JB: Aguuuu... inside me...? Not again... aaaah... eegh..
Yuuji: Okay, now I'll just... rub it inside you one last time... there we go... and... just a bit more...
JB: Ngh... Ugh... aaugh, my stomach... feels so hot... it feels good... go die in a fire, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Whoa, that's a pretty mean thing to say! You little...
JB: Hyah...!!
Narration: *In the end, he started spanking my ass as he was coming inside me. I let out a little scream and lost consciousness...*
Narration: *And as my mind slipped into the darkness, my final thought was... "I can't let this monstrous sex machine loose on the world"...*

Yumiko: ...Heheheh. Yuuuuji...♪
Narration: *After our lovemaking session came to an end, the two of us took a shower together. Yumiko's been clinging to my arm happily ever since.*
Narration: *If it were anyone else, I'd respond to such clinginess with a quick chop to the forehead, but this woman happens to be my girlfriend.*
Narration: *Until very recently, we were living a stressful life on the run. But with the help of our friends, we managed to oust Sakaki Michiaki from his position as the East Beach Group's CEO.*
Narration: *Through that victory, we've gained ourselves a bit of peace and quiet.*
Narration: *Yumiko understands exactly how precious that prize really is. So when I see a smile like this on her face, I can't bring myself to ruin the moment.*
Narration: *Still... no matter how much she hates him, Sakaki Michiaki is Yumiko's father.*
Narration: *And instead of reaching anything like mutual understanding, they've severed all ties from each other. I know that's weighing heavily on her mind.*
Narration: *Of course, I'm aware this isn't the time to bring up that particular subject, but...*
Yuuji: There's still something I need to ask you, Yumiko.
Yumiko: What? Oh... Suou-san said we'd be having eggplant mapo tofu for dinner tonight.
Yuuji: We haven't even had lunch yet, you know...
Yumiko: Then... is it about earlier? It should be fine. I'm... fairly sure today's a safe day...
Yuuji: That's not it either.
Narration: *Interrupting Yumiko's desperate attempts to change the subject, I reach out and grab her firmly by the shoulders.*
Yuuji: I want to know why you felt the need to put on a bunny girl suit and attempt to seduce me.
Yumiko: W-Well... does it really matter that much?
Yuuji: As the victim, I think I'm entitled to an explanation.
Yumiko: U-Ugh... All right, all right...
Narration: *From what Yumiko tells me, it all began two days ago...*
Amane: Hmmmm... So they're coming out with cosplay-type lingerie this year...
Makina: Hey, Ama-nee... I know Tiger Girl's a magazine fer the more aggressive girls... but can ya really even call this "underwear"?
Amane: Well, it's not going to provide much support for your breasts, that's for sure. You go for lingerie like this specifically for the lewdness factor.
Makina: "Lewdness"? More like straight-up indecent ecks-posure. Look at this one! It's just showin' off th' stuffing!
Amane: Well, yeah. Those are designed so you can have sex while you're wearing them...
Amane: ...also, don't call it "stuffing."
Makina: Man... they're insanely expensive, too... Is everyone just gettin' fooled by the underwear companies, or what?
Amane: Not necessarily. This sort of accessory can be the perfect way to spice it up when things start getting stale.
Makina: Then you don't really need 'em, do ya, Ama-nee? Ya seem like the type to go through dudes quickly.
Amane: What kind of woman do you think I am, anyway...?
Yumiko: ......
Amane: Oh? Something wrong, Sakaki-san? You're just standing there...
Yumiko: Er, no... I merely happened to be passing by...
Makina: Suuure. You were listenin' in on our steamy girls' talk, weren't ya? You really are a perv at heart, Yumi-chan.
Yumiko: I told you, I was only...
Amane: ......
Amane: I got it!!
Yumiko: Hyah!?
Amane: I'm going to leave this copy of Tiger Girl, the carnivorous woman's "bible," right here.
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Amane: Should someone happen to borrow this magazine, use it however they please, and return it with some fresh stains, I won't say a word.
Yumiko: What!? Excuse me, what on earth are you―
Amane: Oh, c'mon. We know how to read between the lines. It's been a while since you and Yuuji have done it, right?
Yumiko: H-How did you know that!?
Amane: ......
Amane: Just between you and us, Sakaki-san... you get pretty loud.
Yumiko: *Squeak*!!
Makina: Thanks ta that, everyone knows eggs-actly how many times ya go at it per day!
Yumiko: Heh... heheh... all right then... Saves me the trouble of trying to hide it, I suppose...
Amane: Yep. I mean, even before you started going out with Yuuji, everyone knew you were a horndog who spent half your time hoarding porno off the internet.
Yumiko: Y-You did...?
Amane: Well, yeah, but that's not really the point. What I'm trying to say is... we're glad you and Yuuji are back.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Amane: Well, y'know... when you guys finally came back after a year, it sorta hit me. It's just not Mihama Academy without all six of us, right?
Makina: Accordin'ly, we've been burnin' with th' desire to show you two some love.
Yumiko: Suou-san... Irisu-san...
Amane: So anyway, Sakaki-san. Take a good look through this magazine, then give Yuuji a surprise to remember!♪
Yumiko: But... is it even possible for me to surprise him?
Amane: Oh, but of course! You need only become... a tiger.
Yumiko: A tiger...? Me...?
Yumiko: "For any girls out there wondering why your boyfriend just isn't in the mood - try jazzing up your outfit to bring out the beast in him"... Hmm...
Sachi: Hello there, Sakaki-san. Brazenly reading pornography in the dormitory lobby, are we?
Yumiko: I am not! H-How long have you been there, anyway?
Sachi: Not long at all. I happened to spot you as I was coming down the stairs, and reflexively executed a silent approach.
Yumiko: A silent approach...? What on earth was the point of being so stealthy about it?
Sachi: Well, wouldn't it be awkward if I interrupted you in the middle of a masturbation session?
Yumiko: Just what kind of woman do you people take me for...?
Sachi: Do you really want to know?
Yumiko: No thank you!!
Sachi: In any case, Sakaki-san... is that magazine in your hands Tiger Girl, the periodical for the aggressive modern woman?
Yumiko: Well, yes... that's right.
Sachi: So it really was pornography, then.
Yumiko: *Sigh*... Fine, have it your way. It's pornography.
Yumiko: Yes, that's right. I'm a pervert who shamelessly reads pornography in the dorm lobby. What about it?
Sachi: Sakaki-san, you've grown so much... It brings a tear to my eye...
Yumiko: ...Pardon?
Sachi: When we first met, you were as sharp as a knife... or a box cutter, perhaps. You cut at everything that touched you...
Sachi: But seeing you now, giving open voice to your perversions... I find myself imagining exactly how splendid your love life must have been in the time you two spent apart from us.
Yumiko: Komine-san! Really!!
Sachi: I apologize. It seems I took my little joke too far.
Yumiko: It seems like you've changed as well, you know... and not exactly for the better.
Sachi: Perhaps. But if so, I think you're the one responsible, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: What...?
Sachi: It's been a year since we've spoken like this, after all. I simply can't help getting a bit carried away.
Yumiko: ...You're not fighting fair.
Sachi: But it's the truth. We've all been longing for you and Kazami-san to return.
Yumiko: ......
Sachi: On that note, please allow me to repeat this once more...
Sachi: Welcome home, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: ...I-I'm back.
Sachi: What a surprise. I didn't expect your reply to be quite so adorable...
Yumiko: Ugh... w-what is this!? Suou-san was bad enough... Are you all teasing me to entertain yourselves...?
Sachi: Perish the thought, Sakaki-san. We're overjoyed that the two of you have overcome the many trials and tribulations that stood in your way. You have our unconditional support.
Yumiko: ...Really?
Sachi: Absolutely. Were it your desire, Sakaki-san, I would bring you the very moon that shines in the night sky!
Yumiko: W-Well then... if you're that eager, perhaps I could ask your opinion on something. Do you have any thoughts on... well, ruts?
Sachi: Ah. Rutting, is it? Well, it's a word with a rather erotic ring to it...
Yumiko: Uh, no, I meant getting out of ruts... you know, finding a way to make things interesting again...
Sachi: I see. If that's the case...
Michiru: Okay, cosplay's the way to go.
Yumiko: Ma-Matsushima-san!?
Michiru: I mean, you're a kuudere, right? Throwing some tsundere in the mix isn't gonna have much effect...
Yumiko: I hadn't even considered adding a "tsundere" element, but... you're saying it wouldn't work?
Michiru: Not a chance! The "tsundere" alone is a delicate balancing act requiring advanced skills. You couldn't possibly manage to juggle "kuu" and "tsun" simultaneously!
Sachi: I'm sure you'll get the hang of that balancing business eventually, Michiru-sama!♪
Michiru: That follow-up was reeeally not necessary, Sachi.
Michiru: Anyway, if you can't change your personality, then try changing your appearance. That porn mag says the same thing, right?
Yumiko: I do see how a visual adjustment might make for an effective strategy, but... cosplay? I've never done anything of the―
Sachi: All the more reason!
Yumiko: What!?
Sachi: You're well known as the person with the most common sense in Mihama, Sakaki-san. Should you, of all people, engage in cosplay... even a textbook male tsundere like Kazami-san could not possibly remain indifferent.
Yumiko: Y-You think so...?
Sachi: Why, of course. He'll be quivering in his boots. I guarantee it!
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: I-In that case... what sort of costume do you think I should wear...?
Michiru: If you're doing this, you might as well go all the way, right?
Yumiko: Meaning what, exactly?
Michiru: Y'know, ditch your usual grandma look, go for something that shows off lots of skin...
Yumiko: G-Grandma...?
Michiru: For example... how about something like this? Pretty daring, right?
Yumiko: W-Wait, isn't that... o-one of those so-called "bunny girl" outfits?
Michiru: Yep, that's right! You've got pretty big breasts, so I think you'd look good in one.
Yumiko: Well, maybe... but it really seems like a bit much...
Michiru: There's no point in doing it unless you go this far. Oh, what if you added "pyon" to your sentences too? That's totally a "helpless little herbivore" sound! It'll be perfect!
Yumiko: Py-Pyon...
Sachi: Please steel yourself, Sakaki-san. This is all for Kazami-san's sake. Eye of the tiger... no, heart of the rabbit!!
Yumiko: Heart... of the rabbit...
Yuuji: ...So you proceeded to buy a bunny suit on the internet and launch your attack. I see.
Yumiko: Well... after returning here, we hadn't... really done anything since that first night...
Yumiko: I was worried you might already be getting tired of my body, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *It seems likely this incident was the result of the other dorm residents egging Yumiko on.*
Narration: *After finally overcoming the problems that tormented her for so long, she's obtained a measure of peace. But "peace" is so new to her that she can't help but feel uneasy.*
Narration: *It's the same way I felt when I first entered Mihama Academy. If Yumiko's going through the same thing now, there's only one thing I can tell her.*
Yuuji: Hey, Yumiko. Remember when we went to the amusement park together?
Yumiko: Do I remember...? I'll never forget it as long as I live.
Yuuji: Well, that makes things easier. Everything I said that day was the truth.
Yuuji: I'm really, truly grateful that I had the chance to meet you, Sakaki Yumiko.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: If the two of us ever break up, it's probably going to be because you get sick of having a clueless blockhead like me for a boyfriend.
Yumiko: D-Don't say that! I'll never get sick of you, Yuuji!
Yuuji: Then there's nothing to worry about, is there?
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: Whatever else you can say about me, I'm not the sort of man who'd spend a year on the run with someone just for the hell of it.
Yumiko: ―Yuuji!!
Narration: *The instant I finish my sentence, Yumiko leaps into my arms.*
Narration: *By now, the warmth of her body's familiar.*
Narration: *The comforting pleasure it brings me is proof enough that my feelings for her are perfectly real.*
Yumiko: ...Yuuji... Yuuji! Yuuji!!
Narration: *Almost like a kid hugging their favorite stuffed animal, Yumiko buries her face in my chest and sniffs her nose loudly.*
Yuuji: Seems like I've managed to convince you, huh?
Yumiko: Yes... you haven't changed, have you? You're still the kind man I fell in love with...
Yuuji: Like I keep saying, I'm not a "kind" person... but I'm glad to see you're a little less anxious now.
Yumiko: Feeling your warmth like this... really does put my heart at ease...
Yumiko: So... could we stay like this just a little longer?
Yuuji: ...Sure. I don't have any particular plans for today, so nuzzle away to your heart's content.
Yumiko: Heheheh. Well, if you're offering... maybe I'll stay like this all day.
Narration: *When she's in a romantic mood, Yumiko can sometimes be surprisingly childish.*
Narration: *But when I think about the possibility she's making up for all the affection she was denied in her youth... I can't help spoiling her a little.*
Yuuji: In any case, your cosplay this morning wasn't half bad.
Yumiko: ...R-Really?
Yuuji: Yeah. That "pyon" business wasn't bad either. I think I'm finally starting to understand the concept of "moe"...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: I-In that case... shall I do a little bit more?
Yuuji: You up for it?
Yumiko: Well, yes... as long as you want me to, Yuuji...
Yuuji: In that case, I don't have any reason to decline. Go right ahead.
Yumiko: ...All right then.
Yumiko: Mm, ahem... W-Welcome home, Yuuji. Pyon.
Yuuji: Hrm. Yeah... that isn't half-bad.
Yumiko: ...You mean it?
Yuuji: Sure. "Cute" isn't usually your thing, so it's got some real novelty value. Can you keep it up for a while?
Yumiko: I-I see... Okay... well, if you like it that much...
Yumiko: I really, truly, wuv you, Yuuji... If you don't tell me you love me too, I might just die of woneliness! Pyon.
Yuuji: Guh!!!
Narration: *What the hell? There's a strange itchy feeling in my heart... and my hands are clenching themselves into fists...*
Narration: *Is this the famous "moe" I've heard so much about?*
Yuuji: I love you, Yumiko!!
Yumiko: Huh!? I can't believe you said that so brazenly! Is this... the power of the bunny...?
Yumiko: All right then, next up... let's try something a little more provocative...
Yumiko: Tonight, I'm going to turn into a naughty widdle wabbit... and gobble up your carrot, pyon!♪
Amane: Er, sorry... don't mean to interrupt while you're having fun... but do you have a minute?
Yumiko: S-Suou-san!? How long have you been standing there!?
Amane: Uhhhm... since "Welcome home, Yuuji. Pyon.♪" Or thereabouts.
Yumiko: That's practically the entire time!!
Makina: I figgered somethin' funny was gonna happen, so I started recordin' with my phone's camera... but hoo-boy, did I ever hit th' jackpot this time!
Yumiko: Ungh... ghh!!
Amane: I mean, wow... it's been a whole year since you two ran off together, but... I didn't know you'd gotten quite THIS friendly...
Makina: They say a little travel can do a pampered girl a world of good, but man... Yumi-chan's "matured" in some pretty freaky ways...
Yumiko: ...Well, I won't deny it. A year certainly can change someone.
Amane: Huh? Sakaki-san, you seem surprisingly calm about this. I'd probably have run off screaming if someone saw me like that, to be honest...
Yumiko: I don't have any reason to be flustered. That was a perfectly ordinary bit of romantic quality time, after all.
Amane: ...Uh... perfectly ordinary, huh?
Yumiko: Indeed. As you said yourself, Suou-san, the two of us are quite "friendly."
Amane: Okay, but that "pyon" thing...
Makina: I don't think there's any point followin' up about this, Ama-nee. Yumi-chan's totally blinded by love at th' moment.
Yumiko: More importantly... I'd like to hear why you two stopped by, if you don't mind.
Amane: Oh, right... we just wanted to let you know lunch is ready, that's all...
Yumiko: I see... I do apologize, Suou-san. You always end up making food for everyone...
Amane: Aw, it's no biggie. It isn't any harder to make a meal for six than for two.
Yuuji: If it comes that easily to you... ever thought about staying on as Mihama Academy's dorm mother?
Amane: Well, the thought did cross my mind... but Mom and Dad have been bugging me to come back home once I graduate.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Amane: In any case, I'll definitely be hanging around the dorm for the rest of the year, so I'll make sure to take good care of you all in the meantime.
Yuuji: Right. Appreciate it.
Amane: Well then, Makina and I will be heading back now.
Makina: I'm sure yer aware, but don't waste too much time flirtin'. The food's gonna get cold.
Yumiko: We'll make sure to keep that in mind.
Yumiko: ...Phew.
Narration: *As our two friends leave the room, Yumiko sighs and shakes her head as if to clear her mind.*
Narration: *Honestly, I was kind of expecting her to go bright red when Makina started rubbing it in like that... but somehow or other, she handled that with complete composure.*
Yumiko: I'm sorry, Yuuji... but would you mind getting me some water?
Yuuji: Ah, sure. Not a problem.
Narration: *It's a bit odd for Yumiko to ask for help with something she could do herself. A bit puzzled, I retrieve a bottle of mineral water from the fridge and hand it to her.*
Yumiko: Thank you.
Narration: *With slow, deliberate gulps, she proceeds to drink the bottle dry.*
Yumiko: Well then, let's begin packing at once...
Yuuji: ...Pardon?
Yumiko: Not only did they see me in that shameful state, they preserved it in the form of digital data. There's no way I can live here any longer...
Yuuji: Calm yourself, Yumiko. I understand how you feel, but... our friends just saw us playing around a little, right?
Yumiko: ...You call that "playing around a little"?
Yumiko: It isn't pleasant for me to admit this... but I don't think I've ever gotten that carried away before. In my entire life.
Yumiko: Being seen in that state would have been highly problematic in itself... but I'm positive that video will soon find its way to Komine-san and Matsushima-san. Before long, they'll all be laughing at me...
Yuuji: Well, I can't deny the possibility...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: And that's why I have no choice but to leave this place immediately...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Now that I think about it more carefully... this is probably the reaction I should have expected from Yumiko in the first place.*
Narration: *She's a deeply prideful girl, and there's nothing she hates more than being laughed at... there's no chance she'd just shrug off being caught in such a totally uncharacteristic moment.*
Narration: *That strange "composure" she was displaying earlier must have been a desperate attempt to preserve what little remained of her dignity.*
Yuuji: Still, Yumiko... we came back to this school of our own free will, didn't we?
Yumiko: Guh...
Yuuji: Also, we don't know for sure if those two are going to make fun of you.
Yumiko: W-Well, that's true, but...
Yuuji: We're in a relationship, aren't we? It's just like you said, Yumiko. There's nothing strange about us flirting around a little.
Yumiko: B-But... I said "pyon," you know?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Yumiko: Look... I was really hoping you'd say "don't be silly" at this point...
Yuuji: I see. Apologies for my lack of tact.
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Despite my best efforts, Yumiko continues to mope around in an evident state of despair.*
Narration: *In the end, I finally manage to resolve the issue by convincing Makina to delete her recording of the incident in question.*
Makina: So we just go there, then here... an' tap this... Okey-doke! I've erased "Yumi-chan Gone Wild" fer good.
Yuuji: Appreciate it. Sorry for the hassle.
Makina: Aw, you don't gotta apologize, Onii-chan. It's our fault for gettin' carried away there.
Yuuji: Yeah, I guess. I won't ask you not to tease Yumiko about these things, but maybe go a little easier on her?
Makina: Look, it ain't surprising Yumi-chan's all over you after a year on th' run together... but try ta consider how we feel about th' matter, will ya?
Yuuji: What's that supposed to mean?
Makina: Yumi-chan's gotten herself exclusive rights to th' one and only man in this here academy. A bit of well-meanin' harassment's just par for th' course.
Yuuji: It's not like I'm that valuable a property...
Makina: Yer not the one who decides what yer worth. That's up to everyone else.
Yuuji: Hmph. Look at you, parroting my own words back at me...
Makina: Heehehheh. Well, ta tell you the truth... we're basically just stupid happy to have you guys back here.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Makina: So with all that in mind, I hope you'll overlook th' occasional teasin' session! 
Yuuji: There really is no alternative, huh...?
Makina: It's th' least you can do for your delicate lady-friends, don'tcha think?
Yuuji: When you frame it that way, it's hard for me to argue.
Makina: ...a'ight. I'm gonna get back to helpin' Ama-nee, then!
Narration: *Before she turns to reenter the building, Makina offers me a surprisingly respectable salute.*
Narration: *Somehow, her back seems to project more strength and confidence than before. I don't think it's just my imagination, either.*
Yuuji: They've probably been through a lot in their own right...
Narration: *Although we didn't learn this until later on, this dormitory was placed under East Beach Group surveillance when Yumiko and I first went on the run.*
Narration: *Considering all the trouble we put them through, Makina's probably more than justified in asking for a little slack.*
Principal: ...I've finally found you.
Yuuji: Oh, Chizuru...?
Principal: I couldn't find you in your room. So this is where you were?
Yuuji: Sounds like you've been searching for me... Is there some kind of emergency?
Principal: I wouldn't say that, but... there's something I want to discuss with you. Would you mind accompanying me to my office?
Yuuji: A consultation, eh? I'm willing to offer some assistance, but I won't be any help if you need advice on your romantic dry spell.
Principal: Who said anything about that? Please don't treat me like a lonely old lady.
Yuuji: Oh, really? Finally getting some action, huh?
Principal: What!? U-Uhm, I... well, you know... same old same old, I guess...
Principal: Wait, never mind that! Just come along!!
Yuuji: ...Sorry. I'll hear you out seriously now.
Narration: *Settling down onto Chizuru's overly-comfortable sofa, I straighten my spine and wait for her to begin the conversation.*
Principal: Well, look at that. It's not like you don't know how to be a gentleman... Just wish you'd act that way a little more often.
Yuuji: Sorry, Chizuru. Whenever I see your face, I can't help wanting to tease you.
Principal: N-Nice try... you're not going to fool me with that nonsense!
Narration: *With an effort of will, I manage to prevent myself from commenting on the predictable blush that spreads across my principal's cheeks.*
Principal: Anyway, the matter I wanted to discuss concerns the administration of Mihama Academy...
Yuuji: Wait, are they reconsidering the decision to close this place?
Principal: ...No. The decision to close this school has already been finalized.
Narration: *Evidently sensing a hint of excitement in my voice, Chizuru responds slowly and carefully.*
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *Not that it bears repeating at this point, but the owner of this school was always the "Sakaki Academy Educational Corporation." In other words, it belonged to Sakaki Michiaki, president of the East Beach Group.*
Narration: *However, with Michiaki's fall from power, the Group as a whole has been reviewing its businesses and their management.*
Narration: *This academy had been somewhat notorious as a pet project of the president's. Naturally, it wasn't spared a thorough reevaluation.*
Narration: *The outcome was all but inevitable: Mihama had never been remotely profitable, and they found it would be difficult to change that. The decision was made to close the school at the end of this year.*
Principal: It's just... shutting down a school comes with its own set of problems to solve, you know?
Yuuji: What do you mean? Everyone's pretty much decided on their future plans, haven't they?
Principal: That's true. Apart from you and Sakaki-san, our students more or less have things sorted out.
Principal: Suou-san will be returning home to help at her family's restaurant, with Irisu-san in tow...
Principal: And Matsushima-san and Komine-san will be enrolling in a boarding school I recommended them to.
Yuuji: Then what are the "problems" you're talking about?
Principal: Well... not to be blunt, but this is about money.
Yuuji: Money...?
Principal: Indeed. This school has a "secret stash" that was kept completely separate from its ordinary operational funds... to be used at the discretion of its principal. And there's a great deal of it left over.
Yuuji: Completely separate from the school's operational funds, huh? I'm assuming that means it's off the books?
Principal: I'm not proud to admit it, but... that's right...
Principal: Originally, it was intended to "resolve" any problems our students might cause. But in the end, there was never any need to use it for that purpose.
Yuuji: Well, it's not like a slush fund is anything that out of the ordinary. Why don't you just keep it? You've worked your butt off for this place, after all.
Principal: I think you should take a look at the actual figures before you say that...
Narration: *With a little sigh, Chizuru passes me a bankbook. The numbers inside it are alarmingly large.*
Yuuji: I see what you mean. You'd have to be pretty gutsy to pocket this much cash...
Principal: Right. I'd like to use it for the good of our students, since that was its intended purpose... but I was wondering if you had any good ideas.
Yuuji: In that case, I think you're asking the wrong person for advice.
Principal: Ooh... I really am, aren't I?
Yuuji: The company provides me with everything I need for my work, and my current lifestyle suits me fine. I can't even think of anything I'd want.
Principal: Right... it must have slipped my mind, but you're the sort of person who'd willingly trudge from Yamanashi to Mishima Cape on foot...
Yuuji: Still, none of that applies to anyone else in this place.
Principal: In other words, you'd like to solicit suggestions from the others?
Yuuji: Yeah. They're modern kids, you know? I'm sure they can think of a few ways to blow some money.
Narration: *...Right.*
Narration: *Their lives were turbulent enough to land them in this strange, remote academy of ours... but even so, my classmates are definitely more familiar with "modern society" than I am.*
Narration: *On top of that, they're all young women. Whether it's in pursuit of their studies, fashion, or entertainment, I'm sure they have countless ways to put that cash to use.*
Narration: *Chizuru's got an absurd amount of money to hand out, but I expect even that wouldn't be enough to satisfy all their desires.*
Makina: Well, lessee... I could go fer a nice user-friendly MP5K model gun. With th' op-shunal red dot sight, of course!
Sachi: If I was able to purchase a high-quality six-band bamboo broom, I believe my daily cleaning would be all the more enjoyable.
Amane: Guess I'd go for a dishwasher, maybe? Just bought myself a new oven set last year, after all.
Yuuji: I see. I suppose I was a fool to expect anything of you people...
Makina: Nwoh? What th' heck? First the guy asks us some random questions, and now he's sighin' in our faces? Model guns an' insect cages are th' stuff healthy boys' dreams are made of!
Yuuji: Look, Makina... however scrawny you might be, you're still technically a "girl."
Makina: Whoopsy-daisy. I totally forgot.
Amane: Don't "forget" something like that...
Yuuji: How about you, Michiru? I was kind of expecting you to start shouting out ideas right away.
Michiru: Shh! Pipe down for a minute. I'm seriously torn between investing in stag beetle larvae and Wagyu calves...
Amane: Uh, sorry... but I really think those are both complete scams.
Michiru: No they aren't! Stag beetles are totally valuable if you raise them right, and Japanese beef is super profitable!
Amane: Remind me never to trust Michiru with a large amount of money.
Makina: She's totally th' type who'd buy boxes of pogs with th' money her mom gave her for lunch...
Sachi: I don't believe I've ever seen more than 5000 yen in Michiru-sama's wallet at a time...
Michiru: Why are you all looking at me with pity in your eyes!? If you give me some of that cash, I'll double it and pay you back in no time!
Yuuji: Hear that, Yumiko? It's the number one red flag that someone's terrible with money. Remember it well.
Yumiko: I'll make a note not to pick up the phone if Matsushima-san calls me a few years down the line...
Michiru: Hey, you! Don't go using me as a negative example!! And answer the phone if I call you, all right? Please...?
Principal: From the looks of things, it might be rather difficult to use up all that money...
Amane: So, this "stash" of yours... must be pretty big, huh?
Principal: I'd say so. Even if I was to buy you all 100 of the things you just mentioned, there'd probably be plenty of change left over.
Amane: Ooh, I see... Yeah, that's a bit much to handle...
Makina: You've been sneakin' all that money out of the school's coffers? Yer one naughty lady, Chizuchizu...
Principal: Don't make me into some kind of villain! This money was given to me at the very start!
Yuuji: Anyway, what about you, Yumiko? Any good ideas come to mind?
Yumiko: Well... I've been thinking about how we might use it ever since you asked... but off the top of my head, I can't think of anything I want.
Amane: Ooh, I get it. You've already got the number one item on your wishlist, right? By which I mean Yuuji.
Yumiko: I-I didn't say anything of the sort!
Amane: Buuut... you're not denying it, either?
Yumiko: W-Well... I mean...
Narration: *As her sentence stutters to a halt, Yumiko blushes from ear to ear.*
Narration: *It isn't every day you see her poker face fail her this spectacularly. Amane's got some real talent when it comes to teasing.*
Sachi: Your girlfriend certainly does love you, Kazami-san.
Yuuji: I'd say so. I mean, she dressed up like a bunny girl for me.
Yumiko: Yu-Yuuji!!
Michiru: Uggh, okay, okay. We all know you two are crazy about each other, but try to control yourself in public... Yumi-pyon.♪
Yumiko: ...Kuh!
Amane: Anyway... thinking up ways to use leftover money kinda makes this feel like a "graduation," doesn't it?
Principal: ...A graduation?
Amane: C'mon, didn't you do something similar when you finished grade school? There's usually some money left over in the field trip fund, so everybody decides on a gift to leave the younger students...
Principal: Oh, yes... I do remember that. I think we decided to buy a new curtain for the school stage.
Amane: For some reason, my class ended up getting a totem pole for the courtyard...
Makina: Guh? What th' heck is a totem pole?
Michiru: What? Have you seriously never seen one? They're pretty good for carrying books around in and stuff.
Sachi: Michiru-sama, I'm afraid a tote bag isn't quite the same thing...
Yuuji: Graduation, huh...?
Narration: *Apart from Amane, Mihama's student body won't actually be "graduating." We're technically "withdrawing" or "transferring."*
Narration: *Still... in the sense that we're stepping out of a familiar environment and into a new stage of life, I suppose it's a graduation of sorts.*
Narration: *Soon enough, everyone will be following their own paths away from here.*
Narration: *Yumiko and I haven't decided on our own course of action just yet, but there's a good reason for that.*
Narration: *As Sakaki Michiaki's daughter, Yumiko's probably going to be caught up in the messy, protracted aftermath of his misconduct and downfall.*
Narration: *This time, she doesn't want to be powerless in the face of adversity. She's already begun a self-directed curriculum of study.*
Narration: *If nothing else, our remaining time here offers us a chance to "recharge" for the challenges ahead. I think that goes for all of Mihama's students, really.*
Yumiko: Soon enough... we'll have to say goodbye to this place...
Makina: ......
Michiru: ......
Narration: *When Yumiko murmurs those words, everyone's faces grow a bit gloomy.*
Narration: *Beyond this comfortable reprieve, an unavoidable farewell awaits us.*
Narration: *With that knowledge hanging over our heads, it's understandable that no one's coming up with any good uses for the money.*
Yuuji: Well, in any case... it's not like we have to decide on how to spend that "stash" immediately, right?
Principal: That's true. We do have another three months until the school will actually be closing.
Amane: I'm sure we'll figure out something by then.
Michiru: ...You sure about this? Even as we speak, grain prices are steadily fluctuating!
Sachi: Michiru-sama... instead of worrying yourself about the commodity markets, perhaps you might focus on the more immediate question of tonight's dinner menu.
Michiru: Ah, now that you mention it... it is about that time, huh?
Makina: Oho, now that's a good thought! Since Chizuchizu's around, why don't we all peck at a big ol' hot pot or somethin'?
Principal: What...? Is it all right for me to join you?
Yumiko: This dormitory happens to possess both a superb cook and a highly obliging maid, you know.
Sachi: Indeed. It won't be any trouble to secure you some tableware.
Principal: Oh goodness... I... I think I might cry...
Michiru: Er, really...? That's kind of an overreaction...
Principal: It most certainly is not. Right now... I feel like all my educational policies have been vindicated...
Yuuji: Whatever your reasons, I really don't think you should be weeping in front of your students.
Makina: Yeah, what Onii-chan said. Save them tears for when ya finally get a boyfriend who'll pop yer cherry for ya!
Principal: Irisu-san!!
Amane: All right, that's enough of that. No more teasing Chizu-chan! Help me get ready for dinner, everyone.
Principal: Uhm... since when was I "Chizu-chan"...?
Narration: *Having shifted the topic of discussion away from the stash of money―*
Narration: *We proceed to enjoy each other's company even more than usual, newly conscious of the fact that our time together is limited.*

Date: *September 16, 2012, 08:30 - School Dormitory - Yuuji's Room*
Narration: *"Being a man means valuing some things even more highly than your life."*
Narration: *Those are Kusakabe Asako's words, and she drilled them into my head. I've been doing my damnedest to live up to her teachings ever since.*
Narration: *I don't have Kazuki's brilliance or Makina's uncanny instincts. There's no way I could have done Asako's job without the ironclad willpower she instilled in me.*
Narration: *And I'm only where I am today because I swore a certain oath...*
Narration: *Namely, that I'd protect Sakaki Yumiko.*
Narration: *I'm no longer Yumiko's "bodyguard," of course, but I'm still obligated to honor that commitment.*
Narration: *...Yes.*
Narration: *No matter what hardships await me, I'll do my duty to the bitter end―*
Yuuji: ...Thanks for the food.
Narration: *Beaming proudly, Yumiko waits to hear my thoughts on the breakfast she's prepared... and my chopsticks tremble slightly in my hands.*
Yumiko: Is there some reason you need to brace yourself like that just to eat my cooking...?
Yuuji: Impressive, Yumiko. You've learned to read my mind now?
Yumiko: I suppose. It's quite easy to see when you're getting ready to bully me, at least.
Narration: *Yumiko seems to think I'm doing this out of malice, but that couldn't be further from the truth.*
Narration: *In fact, I'm delighted that she's gone out of her way to cook for me. The only problem is... all the love and patience in the world can't make genuinely inedible food any more tolerable.*
Yumiko: I did my very best to make this. Aren't you even going to try it?
Yuuji: It pains me deeply to see that look on your face, but... surely you haven't forgotten what happened last time?
Yumiko: W-Well, back then... I hadn't really started learning yet...
Narration: *The tragedy I'm referring to took place a mere seven days after the East Beach Group's board of directors voted to remove Sakaki Michiaki from power.*
Narration: *In an attempt at expressing her gratitude for the support of our friends, Yumiko personally made miso soup with pork for everyone in the dorm. With the exception of Michiru, we all ended up getting sick to our stomachs.*
Narration: *By the end of that terrible incident, Chizuru very nearly called the police - mistakenly thinking one of Sakaki Michiaki's henchmen had poisoned us in an attempt at revenge.*
Narration: *It's relatively easy to strengthen your muscles, but toughening up your digestive system is far more difficult.*
Narration: *In the words of the unfortunate marines who fought in the jungles of Guadalcanal some seventy years ago... "Our real enemies are malaria, dysentery, and dengue fever!"*
Yumiko: I mean... I do feel terrible about what happened, you know? But I'm positive I've improved since then...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Yumiko: ...Please, Yuuji?
Narration: *Now she's hitting me with the puppy-dog eyes.*
Narration: *Damn. It's impossible not to feel guilty when my normally strong-willed girlfriend starts tearing up like this...*
Yuuji: All right. If you're that confident, I'll give it a try.
Narration: *With all the enthusiasm of a doomed NCO embarking on a kamikaze mission, I pick up the steaming miso soup in front of me and take a few sips.*
Yumiko: ...W-Well?
Yuuji: I see. This is definitely a distinct improvement. 
Yumiko: Y-You think so...?
Yuuji: Yeah. I couldn't even tell what I was tasting with that pork soup... but this time, the only issue is that it's mostly flavorless.
Yumiko: In other words... I've failed again?
Yuuji: Maybe, but there's no need to be ashamed. At this rate, you'll be making delicious miso soup soon enough.
Yumiko: I do hope you're right about that... but in any case, I'm happy you tried it for me.
Narration: *Averting her eyes from mine, Yumiko squirms around bashfully. Have to admit... it's pretty damn cute.*
Yuuji: Right. You did good, Yumiko.
Narration: *Before I know it, I find myself reaching my hand out across the table.*
Yumiko: Huh...?
Narration: *As I pet her gently on the head, Yumiko blinks in dumbfounded surprise.*
Yumiko: Uhm... Yuuji? What are you...?
Yuuji: I just felt like showing you a little affection the way I do with Sachi and Makina... Hope I didn't upset you?
Yumiko: No... I'm very happy...
Yuuji: Hrm. That isn't the reaction I was expecting, to be honest.
Yumiko: Well... I was always envious of those two, you know? Whenever you complimented them, you'd pat them on the head so kindly...
Yuuji: Should have said something. It's not like I would have turned you down.
Yumiko: Now that's a lie. If I'd actually said "I want you to pat my head," you'd either have burst into laughter or assumed I'd taken leave of my senses.
Yuuji: Hmm, good point. If you'd demanded head pats a year ago, I probably would have suspected it was some kind of trap.
Yumiko: ...!? Honestly, I do wish you'd learn a little tact one of these―
Yumiko: Ah...
Narration: *Just as Yumiko's about to blow her top, a bit of divine providence arrives in the form of her cell phone's alarm.*
Yuuji: It's almost time, huh...?
Yumiko: Yes. The first lecture starts at 9 today, so I need to be getting ready.
Yuuji: Amane's the morning lecturer today, right?
Yumiko: That's right. Suou-san's quite good at cooking, so I'm going to steal as many of her techniques as I can. I'll be making you delicious food in no time, Yuuji!
Narration: *After delivering this line with a little fist pump, Yumiko stands from the table and tells me to continue my meal, then heads into the back of the room to prepare for her departure.*
Narration: *These "lectures" are one aspect of the self-directed studies Yumiko's been pursuing recently.*
Narration: *She's asked our friends to tutor her in their particular areas of expertise, with the goal of correcting her weaknesses in traditionally "feminine" skills like housework and cooking.*
Narration: *When Amane's the "lecturer," it's basically a beginner's cooking course. She's learning the use of a kitchen knife and how to handle various ingredients, among other things.*
Narration: *In any given day, Yumiko's actually attending two separate lessons. Our classmates did volunteer us their help, but they're definitely going above and beyond the call of duty. We owe them some real gratitude.*
Yumiko: Well then, I'll be on my way now.
Narration: *After a little while, Yumiko completes her morning grooming and returns carrying a bag that contains her notebooks and writing implements.*
Yuuji: Amane's skills in the kitchen are the real deal. Go soak up as much of her knowledge as you can.
Yumiko: Right...
Narration: *I offer Yumiko some words of encouragement, but her reply's a bit half-hearted.*
Yuuji: What's wrong? Are you still hungry?
Yumiko: That's not it... I just...
Yuuji: Yeah, I know. You're way too obvious, Yumiko... Just couldn't help teasing you a little.
Yumiko: Honestly... you're such a bully sometimes...
Yumiko: Ah...
Narration: *I interrupt Yumiko's sulky complaints by reaching out to touch her cheek. She responds by slowly closing her eyes.*
Narration: *After studying her face for a few enjoyable seconds, I lean in and bring my mouth to her gently pursed lips.*
Yumiko: Nn...
Narration: *They're as soft and supple as ever.*
Narration: *After a brief, gentle kiss, we pull our faces slowly apart from each other.*
Yumiko: ...I love you, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Well, I love you too.
Yumiko: Yeah...
Yumiko: Okay... I really do have to get going now.
Yuuji: Try not to space out during the lecture thinking about that kiss, all right?
Yumiko: D-Don't be ridiculous... of course I won't...
Narration: *After offering another pleasantly predictable response to my teasing, Yumiko finally leaves the room. I quietly watch her go.*
Narration: *This morning routine makes me feel a bit like a stay-at-home husband... but oddly enough, that doesn't bother me in the slightest.*
Narration: *I guess it's because I've already resolved myself to a future at Yumiko's side.*
Narration: *Unless I'm very much mistaken... sooner or later, Yumiko's going to earn herself a great deal of power, and assume responsibility for the wellbeing of many people.*
Narration: *She really is just that capable a woman.*
Narration: *I'm not yet sure exactly where she'll put her talents to use, but when she completes her "studies" and discovers her path, I want to at least be capable of supporting her.*
Narration: *After a year spent in the company of Sakaki Yumiko, that's the conclusion I've reached.*
Narration: *Accordingly, I'm keeping up a lifestyle much like the one I pursued in my first months at Mihama.*
Narration: *I keep up with my training, as always. I read my books, as always.*
Narration: *If an emergency should arise... if Yumiko should ever need my help... I want to be prepared to rush over immediately and resolve the problem.*
Narration: *That basic principle of "readiness" applies to both my private and "professional" life.*
Yuuji: Hah... hah... hah...
Sachi: I hope you had a pleasant run, Kazami-san.
Narration: *When I return after my usual morning run, Sachi greets me in the courtyard, which she's apparently been cleaning.*
Sachi: Here you are.
Yuuji: Appreciated, as always...
Narration: *Accepting the plastic water bottle that she casually offers me, I quickly gulp down its contents.*
Yuuji: Lychee flavor today, huh...?
Sachi: Indeed. Both salt and water are necessary to prevent heatstroke, yes? I mixed lychee juice, various herbs, and a bit of honey to create a tasty and refreshing drink.
Yuuji: I really do appreciate your thoughtfulness, but... I'm starting to feel a little guilty about the way you give me something after every run...
Sachi: You need not worry yourself. I'm acting on my own initiative, after all. In the hope of receiving your praise.
Yuuji: ...Right, almost forgot.
Narration: *Finally realizing what Sachi's after, I drop my hand onto her slightly sweaty head and give it a vigorous petting. In response, she lets out an uncharacteristically high-pitched little squeak.*
Yuuji: So anyway, is Yumiko still in the middle of her lesson?
Sachi: Yes. She's currently honing her skills under Amane-san's spartan training regime.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Sachi: Is that all you have to say on the matter?
Yuuji: Were you expecting something more?
Sachi: I hate to be presumptuous, but... she is the woman you love, is she not? Normally, I would expect you to be a bit more curious about her daily activities.
Yuuji: Well, Yumiko always tells me about her lessons after the fact, you know?
Sachi: But there's no guarantee she's telling you the truth.
Yuuji: ...What was that...?
Sachi: Amane-san conducts her lectures in her room, as you know... but for some unknown reason, her door is always locked for their duration.
Yuuji: It is?
Sachi: Indeed. What's more, she shuts out Maki-chan, who's usually allowed to treat that room as if it were her own. Seems a bit extreme, don't you think?
Yuuji: Yeah, I guess it is a little odd...
Sachi: The fact of the matter is... only those two know for sure what takes place in that room during their three-hour "lectures."
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Come to think of it, I've never actually seen Yumiko taking one of her lessons.*
Narration: *Of course, I don't know why she'd feel the need to lie about their content. And I do trust her.*
Narration: *That said... without proof, I can't be absolutely sure that the lingering excitement of our kiss isn't causing any "problematic" behavior on her part.*
Yuuji: What exactly are you getting at, Sachi?
Sachi: Allow me to be blunt. I'm encouraging you to sneak a peek with me.
Yuuji: I see. You just want a get-out-of-jail-free card in case they catch you peeping, right?
Sachi: You're quite astute.
Sachi: In any case, I can easily open the lock on that door. Once we get a good look, it should put your mind at ease.
Yuuji: Well, I guess you do have a point.
Sachi: Can I take that to mean that you're willing to take part in this operation with me?
Yuuji: Yeah. If you're that determined, I'll be your accomplice.
Sachi: I expected nothing less from you, Kazami-san. Let us be on our way at once...
Yuuji: Right...
Amane: Okay then. Let's move on to learning how to use the knife!
Yumiko: We've finally made it this far...
Narration: *As Sachi and I approach Amane's door, we can hear two voices from within. I find myself holding my breath.*
Amane: Guess you're excited to finally get a little hands-on knife practice, huh?
Yumiko: Of course I am. I was more than a little disturbed when you started off by telling me to "stare at that daikon radish like you're a sexually-frustrated housewife"...
Amane: Ah, right... that's just a kind of "image training," you know? When you get a bit more practice, you'll know what to do with an ingredient the instant you pick it up... that's what my Dad always says, at least.
Yumiko: I do understand the general idea... but the "frustrated housewife" part doesn't seem particularly relevant.
Amane: Oh, that? Guess I was thinking it might make you broaden your horizons a little...
Yumiko: My horizons are fine as they are, thank you...
Narration: *The nature of their conversation makes it clear that they're in the middle of a cooking lesson, exactly as scheduled. I can't help letting out a small sigh of relief.*
Yuuji: Doesn't sound like they're up to anything particularly indecent in there. I guess we've got overly-active imaginations.
Sachi: You think so? From what I've heard, their conversation is frequently lapsing into the obscene...
Narration: *Apparently unconvinced by my conclusion, Sachi tilts her head quizzically, then sets about picking the lock on the door.*
Narration: *There's no longer any real grounds to suspect any funny business is taking place in there... but now that we're here, I have to admit I'd like to see Yumiko learning.*
Yumiko: So... how exactly will I be practicing?
Amane: From what you've told me, it's not like you're completely useless with a knife... so why don't we start off by seeing if you can peel that daikon into a long, thin sheet?
Yumiko: Oh... isn't that how it's cut when you're making sashimi garnish?
Amane: That's right. Also, we'll be using a normal kitchen knife this time, not a double-edged one. Fair warning... it takes some finesse to use these properly. 
Sachi: ...I've successfully unlocked the door.
Yuuji: Well done. At this point, we need only peek inside... Are you ready, PFC Komine?
Sachi: Yes, sir! My heart's pounding terribly fast, but it won't prevent me from carrying out my duties!
Yuuji: All right. Here goes...
Narration: *Although Sachi's peculiar state of excitement concerns me somewhat, I nonetheless proceed to ease the door soundlessly open.*
Yumiko: Is this... how I should be holding it...?
Amane: Hmm... you sorta want to hold the knife closer to your stomach, usually...
Amane: But getting familiar with the basic process is more important for now. Try to find a grip that lets you move the daikon around easily.
Yumiko: A grip... that allows me to move it easily...
Narration: *Murmuring Amane's advice to herself, Yumiko carefully sizes up the daikon she'll be practicing with.*
Narration: *It's a distinctly different kind of gaze than the one she might turn on a paperback novel in her idle moments.*
Narration: *Even from across the room, I can practically feel her concentration and intensity. It leaves me at a loss for words.*
Sachi: ......
Narration: *Glancing over at Sachi, I find her just as captivated as me.*
Amane: How's it going? Found a good position for your thumb yet?
Yumiko: Yes. I think this feels about right.
Amane: Okay then, let's start peeling that sucker! Just make sure you hold your knife still as you turn the daikon.
Yumiko: All right then...
Narration: *When Amane gives her the go-ahead, Yumiko cautiously begins to move her hands.*
Narration: *Less than five seconds later, her progress abruptly stops.*
Yumiko: Ah...!
Amane: Looks like you peeled about three centimeters there, huh? Guess that's your first score to beat.
Yumiko: I'd been expecting some trouble... but it really is difficult to find the right amount of force...
Amane: Your left hand was moving pretty nicely, though. If you can control your knife a little better, I think you'll be peeling away in no time.
Yumiko: Well, that would certainly be nice...
Amane: Either way, there's only one way to improve. Peel, girl! Peel that sucker! Peel it reeeal good!
Yumiko: R-Right...
Narration: *Blushing for no apparent reason, Yumiko turns her attention back to the daikon radish in her hand.*
Yumiko: Have to keep... my knife under control...
Yumiko: Oh no... I cut through it again...
Amane: From what I'm seeing, your right hand's definitely the problem. Try to pretend it's a robot, okay? All it has to do is move the blade up and down, up and down.
Yumiko: All right...
Narration: *After every failure, Yumiko listens carefully to Amane's advice and tries earnestly to improve her technique.*
Narration: *Amane does keep a pretty positive tone, but she doesn't hesitate to clearly point out the mistakes her pupil's making.*
Narration: *It's honestly surprising to see Yumiko taking her criticism this well... and approaching the task at hand this persistently.*
Yumiko: Ooh, it's going pretty well this ti... whoops...
Amane: Hmm... you really can't help using too much force with that knife, can you...?
Yumiko: I'm sorry... I really am trying to keep your advice in mind, Suou-san...
Amane: Okay then, how about a new plan? Think of that daikon as Yuuji!♪
Yumiko: ...This daikon... is Yuuji?
Amane: Yep. What you're holding right now isn't a radish... it's your beloved Yuuji's precious... well...
Yumiko: Y-You mean, his―
Amane: ...Yep. And with that image in your mind... move your fingers gently... carefully...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: I-I don't think that's going to help matters, but... I suppose you're the instructor here. I'll give it a try...
Amane: That's the spirit, Sakaki-san. Let's get a full rotation this time!
Narration: *Having completely fallen for Amane's nonsense, Yumiko looks down at her radish with bright red cheeks.*
Narration: *Under the circumstances, she's naturally even more tense than before...*
Yumiko: ...Ah!
Narration: *And predictably, she fails almost immediately.*
Yumiko: I'm sorry... I think that only made the problem worse...
Amane: Nah, it's my bad... I forgot how much of a perv you are, Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: Well, pardon me for being a perv, then!!
Yuuji: ...Sachi, my friend. Amane's skills in the kitchen are clearly genuine... but doesn't this lesson plan strike you as a bit questionable?
Sachi: It's often said that a person's nature is revealed by even their most casual words... but Amane-san's simplicity is almost inspiring...
Yuuji: Even if Yumiko does learn to cook this way, I'm honestly not sure how happy I'll be about it...
Sachi: You have my profound condolences...
Narration: *While the two of them had a few dubious exchanges at first, the lesson proceeded calmly enough for a time...*
Narration: *But after two hours of struggling with the daikon, Yumiko still hasn't gotten the hang of it. There's now a growing sense of tension in the air.*
Yumiko: ...Not yet...
Amane: At this point... maybe we should back up a little and get you some more practice with just handling the knife...
Yumiko: Perhaps you're right, Suou-san... but please, would you allow me a little more time? Just a little?
Amane: Well, uh... learning by repetition isn't always...
Yumiko: Please, Suou-san.
Amane: ......
Amane: Okay. Since you're that determined, let's keep going for a little while longer.
Yumiko: ...Thank you.
Narration: *After exhaling deeply in an attempt to calm herself, Yumiko once again focuses intently on the challenge at hand.*
Narration: *Her hands begin to move - more slowly and carefully than ever before.*
Yumiko: ―Kuh!
Amane: One more time...
Yumiko: ...Nh...
Amane: ......
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Yumiko cuts through the peel, pauses, and then begins again. Over and over.*
Narration: *As she persistently repeats this process, the conversation between them fades away, leaving the room silent except for the sound of her knife slicing into the daikon.*
Sachi: Sakaki-san's focus is... most remarkable...
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *The Sakaki Yumiko I know always had a tendency to give up easily in the face of a challenge.*
Narration: *Painfully aware of her helplessness in the face of power and authority, she'd come to regard "struggling" any harder than necessary as a meaningless waste of effort.*
Narration: *However... there's not even the slightest sign of frustration in the woman I'm looking at right now.*
Yumiko: ......
Amane: Just a little more...
Narration: *And today, her earnest efforts are actually repaid―*
Yumiko: ......
Amane: Right... keeping moving your hands at a good tempo...
Yumiko: ......
Amane: ......
Yumiko: Ah...!
Narration: *Just as the lesson's about to come to an end, she finally manages to slice all the way around her radish.*
Yumiko: I did it!!
Amane: Ablmph!? 
Yumiko: Look, look... I did it, right? Right, Amane!?!
Amane: Y-Yeah... the peel was only about a centimeter wide by the end, there... but you got all the way around the radish...
Yumiko: Right... right. I finally did it...
Amane: ...Sorry. I get that you're happy and all, but... could you ease up on that bear hug a little?
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Yumiko: I-I'm sorry! I was really happy, so I just...
Amane: Ahaha... guess even you act on impulse sometimes, huh?
Yumiko: Well, I'm human like anyone else... of course I do... every once in awhile...
Amane: And you called me "Amane," too.
Yumiko: Huh...? Did I really?
Amane: Yep... I know what I heard.
Yumiko: Guh... I'm sorry, in that case. I didn't, uhm... mean to be so familiar...
Amane: Uh, you don't need to apologize, okay?
Yumiko: But...
Amane: I mean, it made me pretty happy.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Amane: To tell you the truth, I was on the verge of giving you a big hug myself.
Amane: You tried so hard to peel that daikon, Sakaki-san... it made me really happy to see you finally succeed.
Yumiko: Suou-san...
Amane: But you know what...? I was even happier that you jumped into my arms before I got the chance.
Yumiko: ...I-I'm not sure I understand, but... if you say so...
Amane: I mean... it's not like you could really have called us the closest of friends before, you know?
Yumiko: ...True enough. Before I left this place a year ago, I was an absurdly contrary person.
Amane: But when you hugged me like that... it made me realize how much more comfortable you are around me now.
Amane: That... wasn't a misunderstanding on my part, right?
Yumiko: No, it wasn't.
Amane: Great. Thanks.
Amane: That being the case, Sakaki-san... I've got a little proposal for you.
Yumiko: A proposal?
Amane: Yep. From now on, I want you to call me "Amane," just like you did a minute ago.
Yumiko: Wha...?
Amane: We're talking all the time, and now you're learning cooking from me... I don't think it's so weird to drop the honorific, right?
Yumiko: Perhaps, but... this is so sudden... Wouldn't it seem a little over-familiar...?
Amane: Aw, it's fine. I'm asking you to do it, right?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: All right... I'll address you that way from now on.
Amane: Great. On that note, I'll be calling you "Yumiko" as well.
Yumiko: What!?
Amane: It'd be pretty silly if you started calling me "Amane" while I'm still calling you "Sakaki-san," right?
Yumiko: I mean, I suppose so, but...
Amane: Makes sense, right? Yumiko.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Well, all right... A-Amane.
Amane: ...Great.♪
Amane: Okay then, why don't we squeeze in a little more practice before our time's up?
Yumiko: ...Yes, let's.
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *As the two of them laugh bashfully and head back toward the kitchen, I quietly ease the door shut.*
Sachi: ...Ngh... uhh... *Sniffle*...
Yuuji: Uh, Sachi... are you crying?
Sachi: I'm sorry... I didn't intend to, but...
Sachi: When I saw those two laughing like that... it made me so very happy...
Yuuji: ...I know what you mean.
Narration: *When I first met Yumiko here, she was actively avoiding contact with the others, and spent most of her time alone.*
Narration: *Betrayed by both her family and her "friends," she'd come to lose faith in humanity as a whole.*
Narration: *But now she's struggling to change, and trying to deepen her friendships with her classmates. It's understandable why Sachi would be so touched by that.*
Sachi: I was wondering why I hadn't come across any instant-yakisoba disasters in the sink lately... but now I think I understand...
Yuuji: In any case, it's clear those two are taking their cooking lessons seriously.
Sachi: Indeed. I am most ashamed to have harbored such wicked thoughts regarding their conduct.
Yuuji: Still... if you hadn't invited me, I wouldn't be experiencing this sense of relief right now.
Sachi: It's very kind of you to say so...
Yuuji: With that said, how about we head back to our rooms now?
Sachi: Perhaps it's a bit unfair for me to say this, but... are you sure you're satisfied?
Yuuji: When you're struggling to improve yourself, the last thing you need is an audience...
Sachi: ...Hashtag... wet...
Narration: *Everybody's a "beginner" at first.*
Narration: *You can't expect things to go perfectly on your very first try; if you want to succeed, you have to press on despite your failures. Those who smirk at the effort of others never grow as people.*
Narration: *While my observation of Yumiko has already provided me with a highly meaningful reminder of these principles... it doesn't take long before I'm once again encouraged to spy on her.*
Amane: Hey there, Yuuji. I hear the afternoon lesson's gonna be in the classroom!
Yuuji: And why are you telling me this?
Makina: Dude, learn ta read between th' lines...
Yuuji: I mean, I'm pretty sure I know the answer. You're telling me to go sneak a peek, right?
Amane: Bingo.♪ I mean, Michiru's teaching her about the art of "tsundere," you know? Aren't you kinda curious what exactly that involves?
Yuuji: True enough...
Narration: *I don't want to speak ill of my classmates, since they've all done their best to help us... but Michiru's not exactly the wisest person I know.*
Narration: *Given how much the girl herself has to learn, it's difficult to imagine what she can possibly teach anyone else.*
Narration: *Who wouldn't be curious about how she's conducting her "lectures"?*
Yuuji: Still... if they notice me peeping, I don't think either of them would be very pleased.
Makina: If worse comes ta worst, we're ready ta sacrifice ourselves for th' cause.
Amane: Right... yer innocent, Yuuji-han. If things go south, ya can just pin it all on us...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *From the looks of things, these two are going to keep coming at me no matter how many arguments I try.*
Narration: *In that case... it's probably best to tag along. I can keep an eye on these two and encourage them to head back quickly.*
Yuuji: All right then. As long as you promise not to interfere with their lesson, I'll accompany you.
Makina: Okay! We have us a deal!
Amane: Well then, let me show you to your seat!♪
Makina: Anyway... why are they botherin' to go out to the school buildin' for this?
Yuuji: Probably because it's where Michiru usually practices.
Amane: Wait, are you saying... you've seen Michiru rehearsing her tsundere routine before?
Yuuji: Yeah. The very morning I transferred in, actually. I found her in the classroom doing some solo vocal exercises.
Amane: Ooh, I see... No wonder I don't really see her "practicing" that often. So that's when she does it...
Michiru: Aaah, aaah, aaah!
Yumiko: Aaah, aaah, aaah!
Narration: *As we approach the clasroom, our conversation is interrupted by the sound of vocal exercises - very much like the ones I heard on my first morning in Mihama.*
Yuuji: Looks like they've already gotten started...
Makina: Mmkay then. Time ta start th' peep show!
Yumiko: Perhaps it's not my place to comment, but... you certainly start things off with the basics, don't you?
Michiru: ...Listen up, Yumiko. A tsundere's voice is their life...
Michiru: When you fire off a perfect line, you really don't wanna get a "Huh?" in return. Repeating this stuff is... just the worst.
Narration: *Following my plan, the three of us peek in from the back of the classroom. Inside, Yumiko and Michiru are standing next to each other and facing the blackboard.*
Narration: *The way they're standing looks familiar. I guess Michiru's following her usual rehearsal routine for the purpose of this lesson.*
Yumiko: I-I see... Sorry for my impertinence, Matsushima-san.
Michiru: Grr!!
Yumiko: Uh... is there some reason you're glaring daggers at me now?
Michiru: ...I don't think you're addressing me properly.
Michiru: In this classroom, I'm the Tsundere Master, remember? So that means you call me "Master." We've been over this!
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: Hey! What's with that "Ugh... what is she babbling about now?" look on your face!?!
Michiru: Sure, you're smarter than me and everything, but when it comes to the tsundere arts, I'm your teacher! You've gotta do what your teacher says. That's how society works!
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: V-Very well then... Master.
Michiru: S-See? That wasn't so hard, was it...? It's embarrassing for me too, you know... just bear with it...
Yumiko: Good lord... We've only just started, and I already want to leave...
Makina: Hmmmm... okay, I know I'm a dumb-dumb an' all, so bear with me here... but what th' hell are these two even doin'?
Yuuji: Assuming Amane's intelligence is correct, this is a tsundere-themed lesson of some sort...
Amane: Sorry... I'm not feeling so confident at the moment...
Michiru: Okay then. Next up, we're going to try rehearsing some fundamental tsundere lines. Repeat after me, okay?
Yumiko: Yes... all right...
Michiru: Aah, aah... Ahem...
Michiru: ...D-Don't get the wrong idea, okay!?
Yumiko: D-Don't get the wrong idea, okay!?
Michiru: It's not like I did this for you or anything!!
Yumiko: It's not like I did this for you or anything!!
Michiru: Ooh...
Michiru: Not bad at all, Yumiko... You've got some real potential...
Yumiko: Did that come out well? It didn't particularly click with me, to be honest...
Michiru: Yep. Going by the Eastern Japan Scale, I think that was easily worth 80 points or so.
Yumiko: ...What on earth is the "Eastern Japan Scale"...?
Michiru: Well, like I said when you were cosplaying, you've always been a kuudere. Guess it's not surprising you've got the basics down.
Yumiko: ...I've been meaning to say this for a while, but... it's not like I'm consciously trying to be a "kuudere," you know?
Michiru: Hm...? Wait, is that one of your personal kuudere lines?
Yumiko: Of course not... It was a perfectly ordinary reply to your comment. Please don't get the wrong idea...
Michiru: Gah! And this time you're throwing in a little tsundere on top!? What the heck, Yumiko!? Are you already challenging your master for supremacy!?
Yumiko: Why aren't you listening to a word I say!? I'm here because... I wanted to learn from you, all right?
Michiru: Oh man, and she finishes up with a dose of classic dere!!
Michiru: Okay, okay... I see how it is. Your challenge is accepted, my pupil... Come at me, Yumiko!!
Yumiko: ...Oh, for heaven's sake! You're unbelievable!! 
Makina: Yumi-chan's... kinda losin' her temper...
Yuuji: Yumiko's a patient woman, but I guess Michiru's idiocy was too much to bear...
Amane: Also, uh... I know they're practicing tsundere techniques and all, but... does Yumiko even need to learn that stuff?
Makina: If anything, I feel like Yumi-chan should be the one givin' a lesson here.
Amane: I know, right?
Michiru: ...So you're really not trying to stage a coup here?
Yumiko: Yes, that's correct. It certainly took a while, but I'm glad we've cleared up the misunderstanding.
Michiru: That's definitely a relief. If you took my top tsundere status from me, I wouldn't really have anything else to teach you...
Yumiko: That isn't true.
Michiru: Huh...?
Yumiko: While I do recognize your tsundere expertise... there are plenty of things I'd like to learn from you, Matushima-san.
Michiru: ...A-Are there?
Yumiko: Yes. In particular... I've always been impressed by how much you value "harmony."
Yumiko: You don't want anyone to feel left out. You want everyone to have a smile on their face. And you try your best to make that happen.
Michiru: Wha...
Yumiko: No matter how aloof and hostile I was... whenever the group was going to do something, you always made sure to invite me too.
Yumiko: In retrospect, your thoughtfulness was probably the only thing that saved me from complete isolation...
Michiru: Uh... Yumiko...?
Yumiko: What I'm trying to say is... thank you, Matsushima-san.
Michiru: Huh!?
Yumiko: It's a little embarrassing to mention all this so long after the fact... but I think I would have regretted leaving it unsaid...
Michiru: ......
Yumiko: Er, Matsushima-san, are you listening to me?
Michiru: ...She's so pretty...
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Michiru: Aaah! Uh, it's nothing... nothing at all...
Yumiko: Your face is awfully red, though... Are you all right?
Michiru: Bweh!? Uh, sure... I mean... you've got the wrong idea, okay?
Yumiko: ...I do? About what?
Michiru: W-Well, you know... it's not like I'm suddenly seeing you "that way"... o-or having any naughty thoughts...
Yumiko: Naughty thoughts...? Hold on. Have you people set up some sort of prank to embarrass me?
Michiru: Uh, no... I'm the one who's embarrassed right now, actually... My heart's beating kinda fast... and your face is a bit too close, Yumiko-san...
Yumiko: Are Irisu-san and Komine-san watching from the shadows somewhere? Tell them to come out right this minute! Apologize right now, and I'll forgive you!
Michiru: Waaaah!? H-Hold on, no! D-Don't get so close...
Yumiko: ―Come on! Out with it!!
Michiru: Nooooooohooo!!
Yuuji: ...Is it just me, or are things heading in a weird direction?
Makina: So much for th' tsundere lesson. Looks like she's on th' Chiruchiru route now, boys...
Amane: Honestly, though... I can sort of understand how Michiru's feeling right now.
Makina: Really? You into girls too, Ama-nee? Didn't know ya swung both ways.
Amane: Not sure how to put this, but... when Yumiko says "thank you" like that, it packs a serious punch...
Yuuji: Speaking from experience, are we?
Narration: *What's "essential"? What's "unimportant"? Everyone has different answers to those questions.*
Narration: *Others can make their best guesses, but ultimately, you have the right to determine the things that matter to you.*
Narration: *Accordingly, only Yumiko knows for sure exactly how much she "gained" from her lessons today.*
Narration: *But if nothing else... it's clear to me that the gratitude she feels toward our classmates is both earnest and profound.*
Yumiko: Here we are. Eat up.♪
Narration: *With a big smile on her face, Yumiko indicates the food spread out across our table.*
Narration: *But although I'm less anxious about her cooking in general than I was this morning... my chopsticks still aren't moving.*
Yuuji: Before that, I'd like to request an explanation of today's menu...
Yumiko: An explanation...? Well, it's a menu themed around the daikon radish. They're full of vitamin C, you know?
Yuuji: True enough. The thing is... I don't see anything BUT daikon.
Narration: *Apart from a large, sloppy pile of boiled radishes... there's also some thinly-sliced daikon stuffed in a rice bowl. Nothing else.*
Yumiko: Well... my cooking lesson today involved slicing daikon. Thanks to my clumsiness, we ended up going through quite a lot...
Yumiko: It seemed like a waste to just throw all those radishes out, so I thought we could eat them ourselves.
Yuuji: I mean, I'm not a big fan of wasting food either, but...
Narration: *While I'm used to eating some pretty simple meals, it's hard to understand why she didn't at least include some rice or miso soup.*
Yumiko: Not to worry, though. Amane's the one who did the actual cooking.
Yuuji: Look, that isn't really the issue...
Yumiko: Oh, I see how it is... you're trying to bully me again, aren't you...?
Yuuji: Yumiko, please... at least listen to what I've got to say...
Yumiko: ...Hm? Wait... isn't this a perfect chance to put my new skills to the test?
Narration: *Her eyes suddenly widening, Yumiko proceeds to mutter to herself for a little while.*
Narration: *Maybe I've finally gotten through to her...?*
Yumiko: Aah, aah, hmmm!
Yumiko: Q-Quit whining and just eat it already!
Yuuji: ......
Yuuji: Excuse me?
Narration: *Yumiko's sudden shift in behavior catches me completely off-guard. For a moment, I'm literally speechless.*
Yumiko: It's not like I tried so hard... because I wanted you to praise me or anything!!
Yuuji: Uh, Yumiko...
Yumiko: If that's how you want to play it... th-then I suppose I'll just have to feed it to you myself...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *What the hell is this?*
Narration: *If there's someone out there who can make sense of what's currently happening to me, I'd really appreciate a little assistance.*
Yumiko: ...*Sigh*
Yumiko: I suppose that was premature... I'm still just an amateur, after all.
Narration: *Just as I'm about to whisper a few uncharacteristic prayers to someone or other, Yumiko's tone abruptly returns to normal.*
Yuuji: Yumiko! You've regained your senses!?
Yumiko: Excuse me? I don't recall losing them in the first place...
Yuuji: Then why did you start acting like a completely different person?
Yumiko: That was my attempt at a tsundere attitude... Matsushima-san taught me some of the basics this afternoon, so I wanted to give it a try...
Yuuji: In other words... you thought I'd eat the food if you came at me with a tsundere attitude?
Yumiko: Yes. It's a bit embarrassing to admit this, but... I'm just not used to letting down my guard, you know?
Yumiko: I thought focusing on the affectionate aspect of the "tsundere" routine would... well... help me show you more of my cute side...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *What with that bunny girl suit yesterday, and the kiss this morning... I think she's already got a pretty good grasp on the "dere" thing...*
Yuuji: No reason to worry yourself too much about that, Yumiko. I already think you're cute.
Yumiko: Wha...?
Yuuji: And in any case, you worked hard slicing these radishes, right? I'm not going to turn up my nose at them.
Yumiko: ...So you'll really eat them?
Yuuji: Yeah. Now that I'm over the initial surprise, the daikon theme doesn't really bother me anymore.
Yumiko: Yuuji...
Narration: *The smile returns to Yumiko's face. Apparently she can see that I'm sincere about this.*
Yumiko: All right then. Let me feed them to you, at least.
Yuuji: What?
Yumiko: Please? I'd really like to show you my appreciation somehow.
Yuuji: ...Sure, why not? Don't see how it could hurt.
Yumiko: Right.♪
Narration: *I don't really think there's any reason to make a big deal out of this, but it's obvious that Yumiko wants me to play along.*
Narration: *Considering how much effort she put into her lessons today, I'm more than willing to indulge her.*
Yumiko: Okay then. Open your mouth.
Yuuji: Sure...
Narration: *At Yumiko's urging, I open wide like a baby bird waiting to be fed by its mother.*
Narration: *She proceeds to slip a piece of boiled daikon into my mouth. As I begin to chew on it, the salty-sweet flavor of miso spreads across my tongue.*
Yumiko: Wh-What do you think?
Yuuji: It's good. The daikon's just soft enough, and the flavor's perfect.
Yumiko: Oh... come to think of it, Amane's the one who made that. Of course it'd be delicious...
Yuuji: In that case, maybe I'll try some of that sliced daikon next.
Yumiko: All right. I'll get it for you.
Yuuji: I appreciate the thought, but you really don't have to wait on me hand and foot...
Yumiko: It's fine. I already decided to keep this up for the entire meal! 
Yumiko: Here we are, Yuuji. Say aaah.♪
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I don't exactly mind watching Yumiko enjoying herself like this, but if she gets too carried away...*
Makina: It's fine. I already decided to keep this up for the entire meal! 
Sachi: Here we are, Yuuji. Say aaah.♪
Yumiko: Nnwah!?
Narration: *Exactly what I was afraid of. Guess I should have warned her beforehand.*
Yuuji: So it's you two today, huh...?
Makina: I went outta my way to pick a diff'rent time ta visit, but I ended up seein' Yumi-chan makin' a fool of herself yet again...
Sachi: I haven't even had dinner yet, but I'm already quite sated.
Yumiko: I-I suppose I might as well ask... How long have you been there?
Makina: Hm, lessee now... I think "Q-Quit whining and just eat it already!" was th' first thing I heard?
Yumiko: I see... Right. Of course you wouldn't be kind enough to say something right away...
Yumiko: Of course... I know that much by now...
Makina: I can see right through you, Yuuji. You're just after my D-cups... but I still love you!!
Yumiko: I didn't say anything like that!
Sachi: Please calm yourself, Sakaki-san. She's just getting a little carried away...
Yumiko: You call this "a little"...?
Makina: Ohhhhohhh!! Yuuji! Ohhhohhhhh!!
Yumiko: Oh, good lord! I admit you saw me making a fool of myself, so just get to the point!! Why are you here? What do you want!?
Makina: C'mon, don't get all angry... We're just here ta talk about tomorrow's lessons, ya know?
Yuuji: Wait, are you and Sachi her "lecturers" for tomorrow?
Makina: Indeed. Sacchin and I will be givin' our first lectures tomorrow, but we totally forgot to have our pre-lemon-airy meetin'!
Sachi: There are a number of details we needed to provide. What to wear, where to meet us... that sort of thing.
Yumiko: Ah... one moment, let me get a pen...
Makina: No need fer any notes. All you gotta do is meet me on th' athletic grounds in somethin' easy to move around in.
Sachi: I will also be preparing everything necessary for the lesson on my end, so please come to the courtyard empty-handed.
Yumiko: Okay... I really think you could have just told me this tomorrow...
Makina: What are you sayin', Yumi-chan...? We can't come see ya unless we have a good reason?
Yumiko: Th-That isn't what I meant...
Sachi: Ooh. A well-timed dash of "dere" at the end wipes away the memory of all her awful behavior...
Yuuji: I see you've been honing your skills, Makina.
Yumiko: ...!? All right, that does it... If you two keep making a fool of me, you're going to pay the price... 
Yuuji: You heard the woman. I think that's enough teasing for one day, all right?
Sachi: True enough. I'm quite content with my current number of orifices, so I think we'll be taking our leave now.
Makina: Flirtin' around with that tsundere stuff's all well an' good... but make sure ya get enough sleep tonight, all right?
Yumiko: Just get out of here already!
Narration: *As Yumiko roars in anger, Makina and Sachi beat a hasty retreat. Apparently that really was all they were here for.*
Yuuji: Well, uh... that was some unfortunate timing...
Yumiko: Yes... and this on the heels of what happened yesterday. I'm starting to wonder if they might be constantly listening at the door...
Yuuji: You seem a little down, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Of course I am. They saw me at the worst possible moment yet again...
Yuuji: Is it really that bad?
Yumiko: I was acting like a tsundere, Yuuji. I was feeding you off my chopsticks! If I'd been in their shoes, I probably would have burst into laughter...
Yuuji: Guess I can understand how you feel...
Yumiko: Even worse, it was Irisu-san and Komine-san this time around... By this time tomorrow, it's quite possible that whole humiliating episode will be uploaded onto the internet for the entire world to see..
Yuuji: Now you're just being paranoid.
Yumiko: You just don't understand, Yuuji. Those two work incredibly quickly... and their innocence makes them unspeakably cruel...
Yuuji: I'm pretty sure they were just trying to tease you a little...
Yumiko: What do I do...? They've even won Yuuji over to their side... it's all over...
Yuuji: Calm yourself, Yumiko. You're so embarrassed that you're not thinking straight.
Yumiko: That's not it either. I'm perfectly calm. Yes. Cool as ice...
Yumiko: On that note... let's begin packing our luggage, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...Well then, how do I comfort her this time...?
Narration: *After all that time she spent stubbornly pretending to be a refined, solitary young lady, I suppose it must be... pretty tough to have her classmates see her fawning all over her boyfriend.*
Narration: *In the end, Yumiko doesn't stop muttering to herself until well past midnight.*

Date: *September 17, 2012, 10:07*
???: ...ji...
???: Wake up, Yuuji...
???: ...Yuuji...
Yuuji: Ngh... Yumiko...
JB: ...Good morning. You awake now?
Yuuji: Oh. It's you, JB...
JB: We'll be arriving at the "company" in about five minutes, so get straightened up while you can.
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Sluggishly leaning forward in my seat, I tighten up my tie.*
Narration: *The reason JB and I are heading into the "office" today has to do with the year I spent on the run with Yumiko.*
Narration: *Ordinarily, an act of disobedience that grave would have gotten me "re-educated" or disposed of entirely. But instead, I was actually permitted to return to service in the reserve.*
Narration: *From what JB tells me, I was specially pardoned by a certain big shot with some real influence. Not that I really care about the details.*
Narration: *All that matters is they decided I still have some worth as a tool. At this point, I just need to go through some formalities before they put me back to work.*
JB: You murmured Yumiko's name when I tried to wake you up... Are you worried about leaving her alone?
Yuuji: Well, the girl's not exactly used to housework, but I'm hardly "worried" about leaving her in the dorm for a single day.
Yuuji: On the other hand... if I continue in this line of work, I might end up causing her some real anxiety somewhere down the line.
JB: ...Want to try submitting your resignation?
Yuuji: Uh, what...? Kind of surprising to hear you bring that up, even as a joke.
JB: Look... it's not like I enjoy sending you off on these jobs, you know?
Yuuji: ...Right. Sorry.
Narration: *Even in a shady line of work like ours, people do have their principles.*
Narration: *Some pick up their guns for the sake of those they love. Some tap at their keyboards because they genuinely want a peaceful world.*
Narration: *There are a few guys who throw themselves into life-and-death conflicts just for the fun of it, but they're much less common than you might think.*
JB: And in any case... the way we do our work is already beginning to change...
Yuuji: You talking about the UAVs...?
JB: Yes. On the battlefields of the future, the use of easily-controlled unmanned vehicles will likely become increasingly common.
Yuuji: Makes sense. No matter how well you train them, a soldier's still human. Sometimes they panic in the field... and sometimes they stop moving because they're injured or sick.
Yuuji: If you're looking to reduce those risk factors, remote-controlled robots might be an efficient solution.
JB: Still... even at this stage, there's some real concern that it encourages collateral damage by making it too easy to pull the trigger.
Yuuji: I don't think there's much point preaching about the "weight of a human life" to someone who's never crawled through the mud or felt the heat of a gun barrel.
JB: True enough. Humans and machines... both have their upsides and downsides...
Yumiko: ...The Roombo's simply unbeatable.
Narration: *In response to an inquiry about my "usual cleaning methods," I offer an immediate and forceful answer.*
Narration: *Although Yuuji went out this morning for a work-related meeting, I've remained behind in the dormitory for another day of lessons from my classmates.*
Narration: *At the moment, I'm being questioned by Komine-san - my first "lecturer" of the day.*
Sachi: ...By Roombo, you're referring to that autonomous vacuuming robot?
Yumiko: Yes. Until I ran off a year ago, I mostly left the cleaning of my room in its capable hands.
Sachi: In other words... you're saying that nothing compares to cutting-edge technology?
Yumiko: Exactly. Unlike more traditional methods, the Roombo doesn't require any direct human intervention, allowing us to use our time more productively...
Yumiko: And what's more, they're planning an update that will allow you to program an entire week's schedule in advance. Before long, everyone will bow down before its prowess.
Sachi: However... only the top-of-the-line model will be able to use that scheduling function, correct?
Yumiko: Well, yes... so that's the one to buy. Believe me, they're well worth it.
Sachi: I've heard it has difficulty avoiding walls or table legs if they're painted a dark color.
Yumiko: That's also true, but... if you help it navigate using the "invisible wall" accessories...
Sachi: What happens if your room gets so filthy that the robot's unable to move?
Yumiko: W-Well... I guess you'd clean up manually until it isn't getting stuck...
Sachi: If you're putting that much effort into automating the process, I think it might be faster to just do it yourself...
Yumiko: Guh... y-yes, it isn't the most versatile of appliances. Sometimes it gets a little lost on its way back to the charger, too...
Yumiko: But that neediness is part of what makes it so cute! Even the domestic feline acknowledges its charm!!
Yumiko: Do a search for videos using the terms "Roombo" and "Cat"! You'll know exactly how I feel!
Sachi: Do you really like the Roombo that much...?
Yumiko: Yes. If I weighed a little bit less, I'd definitely ride around on one. Definitely!
Sachi: Sakaki-san... riding a cleaning robot...?
Yumiko: Tee hee hee... hee hee hee...
Yumiko: Amazing! You're truly amazing, Roombo! You don't miss a beat, even with a forty-**** kilo girl on top of you! 
Yumiko: With you on my side, I'm not afraid of anything! Not even going into the adults-only section of the local bookstore!!
Yumiko: ...Oh man... I'm getting fired up now!!
Yumiko: Charge, Roombo! Sakaki Yumiko coming through! Haha, silly me! Wheeee!!
Yumiko: Tee hee hee hee hee... hee hee hee hee...
Sachi: What a nightmarish spectacle...
Yumiko: ...What are you talking about?
Sachi: Oh, pardon me. Just talking to myself.
Yumiko: ...I get the idea you just imagined something exceptionally rude... but I suppose I'll let it be.
Sachi: Your discretion is most appreciated.
Sachi: In any case, now that I've heard all this in your own words... it's quite clear to me that you're living a remarkably decadent lifestyle.
Yumiko: "Decadent"...? What's wrong with taking advantage of modern conveniences?
Sachi: I see. So you've sold your soul to the robots, Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: Really, it's nothing out of the―
Sachi: All right. Roombo confiscated.
Yumiko: Aah! My Roombo!!
Sachi: Come now, you don't need to look at me like a grade schooler who's just had their videogame console abruptly unplugged...
Sachi: Once you've learned to adequately clean up in your own right, I will of course return your robot.
Yumiko: Ugggh... you're just as harsh an educator as Amane, I see...
Sachi: Incidentally, upon learning that I would be teaching you how to clean, Kazami-san left me with a message for you.
Yumiko: ...Oh... what was it...?
Sachi: "See you in Yasukuni."
Yumiko: Uhm... wait... doesn't that mean I'm going to die...?
Sachi: Well, enough joking around. Shall we get down to business?
Yumiko: Of course... it was o-only a joke... right...?
Sachi: Now then... while the two of you were on the run, I'm sure you didn't have a robot to clean for you, correct?
Yumiko: ...Correct. When Yuuji and I were living in our apartment, I did try to use a normal vacuum cleaner...
Yumiko: But those things have cords, you know? I always ended up tripping over it, or catching it on the furniture...
Sachi: Fell flat on your face, did you?
Yumiko: Yes, yes. You don't see many women who can't even use a vacuum cleaner these days, right? Feel free to laugh...
Sachi: In that case, please allow me to punch you. Lightly.
Yumiko: Why!?
Sachi: I'm sure Kazami-san comforted you after every one of the failures you mentioned, did he not?
Yumiko: W-Well... Yuuji's a kind person, so...
Sachi: From your tone of voice, I suspect it may have involved a bit of kissing and such.
Yumiko: I-I couldn't say... that never happened, I suppose...
Sachi: I do believe a punch is in order. If I may?
Yumiko: I still don't understand why!!
Sachi: I do apologize... it's just that you began boasting most brazenly in the middle of my lesson...
Yumiko: What? You're the one who asked me about all that, remember!?
Sachi: *Gasp*. Come to think of it, you're right. I'm such a forgetful girl...
Yumiko: I see your sense of humor is as questionable as ever, Komine-san...
Sachi: Anyway, while I've been speaking poorly of machines up until this point, I won't deny your statements regarding their value.
Sachi: Some stains simply can't be scrubbed away by human hands alone, for example. I often make use of tools such as the modern steam cleaner.
Yumiko: I'm not surprised. In that case―
Sachi: However, human beings do possess one thing that machines do not.
Yumiko: Something people have... but machines don't...?
Sachi: I refer, of course, to devotion.
Yumiko: Devotion...?
Sachi: Over the course of our lesson today, I would like to provide you with an education regarding this trait.
Yumiko: All right. I'm sure I have quite a lot to learn, but I'll do the best I can.
Sachi: Indeed. Please leave everything to me.
Yumiko: ...Care to explain why I'm wearing this outfit?
Sachi: Our ancestors left these wise words for posterity...
Sachi: "You have to look the part before you learn it."
Yumiko: Isn't that... completely backward?
Sachi: Not at all. It's no exaggeration to say that dressing myself in this maid uniform was the key to my awakening as a service professional.
Yumiko: That does sound fairly convincing when it's coming from you...
Sachi: Incidentally, Sakaki-san, I had that outfit ordered specially in your size. Please consider it a present.
Yumiko: I appreciate the thought, but... I doubt I'll ever wear this on my own initiative...
Sachi: ...I wouldn't be so sure about that.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Sachi: I've actually suspected for quite some time... that Kazami-san may have something of a fetish for maid outfits.
Sachi: If he should witness his beloved Sakaki-san in such attire, well...
Yumiko: ...Well... what?
Sachi: Things might get... more than a little "sticky."
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Well, all right. I suppose it is important to keep up appearances.
Sachi: Ah, that's Mishima Cape's most repressed pervert for you. As easily manipulated as your average middle-schooler.
Yumiko: ...Did you just say something?
Sachi: Oh no, nothing at all.
Yumiko: ...Anyway, what were you planning to have me do today?
Sachi: For starters, I was thinking you might get a little hands-on experience by sweeping the courtyard.
Yumiko: I see. Hence the broom and maid outfit...?
Sachi: Indeed. Using a broom is the most fundamental of cleaning techniques, so it's an excellent way to evaluate someone's habits and abilities.
Yumiko: Come to think of it, Amane said she knew my skill level from the moment I picked up my knife...
Yumiko: I suppose even the smallest details can be quite telling for a true master.
Sachi: On a somewhat related note... in order to provide you with more helpful advice, I'd like to know what you consider to be your "special skill," Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: ...My special skill...?
Sachi: Indeed. Once you've "mastered" something in particular, it's often possible to apply that knowledge in the pursuit of other skills.
Sachi: For example... perhaps you've noticed that many professional baseball players are also quite talented at golf?
Yumiko: In other words... you want to provide me with advice tailored to my existing expertise?
Sachi: Exactly so.
Yumiko: But... a special skill...?
Sachi: Don't overthink this. What's the first thing that comes to mind?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: W-Well, I suppose... draining the water from Oyang yakisoba?
Sachi: But your success rate is only 80% or so, correct? I believe Michiru-sama manages just as well, if not better.
Yumiko: Guh! I was... vaguely aware of this already, but... hearing that I'm worse than Matsushima-san is more painful than I expected...
Sachi: Is there really nothing else?
Yumiko: Uh... guhhh...
Yumiko: M-Money, maybe...? Right. I've got a bit more cash than most people!
Sachi: Sakaki-san...
Yumiko: I'm sorry... that was a slip of the tongue...
Sachi: All right. I'll pretend I never heard it.
Yumiko: Thank you...
Sachi: Fortunately, we're not exactly pressed for time today, so let's take this one step at a time.
Yumiko: Right... I'd very much appreciate that, actually...
Sachi: Let's regroup, shall we? I'll begin by teaching you the most important thing of all: the mindset with which to approach your cleaning.
Yumiko: What mindset...?
Sachi: There's one phrase you must keep in mind at all times... "search and destroy."
Yumiko: ...S-Search and destroy? What is this, a war...?
Sachi: Not exactly. But the longer trash and grime are left unchecked, the more troublesome it becomes to clean up later on. Correct?
Yumiko: Sure. When winter comes around, the academy pool seems to fill up with trash and leaves awfully quickly...
Sachi: And so... where cleaning is concerned, you absolutely mustn't allow yourself to "put things off."
Yumiko: I suppose you're right...
Sachi: By keeping this in mind as you clean, you'll also begin to see the tales behind the trash.
Yumiko: ...Pardon me?
Sachi: For example... you see that wrapper caught in the branches of that tree, yes?
Yumiko: Sure...
Sachi: That would be the wrapper of a popsicle Michiru-sama recently consumed.
Yumiko: J-Just from looking at that garbage... you can already tell whose it is...?
Sachi: What's more, that isn't garbage she simply tossed carelessly aside. She was trying to bring it back to her room when the wind blew it from her hands...
Sachi: She hopped up and down in a desperate attempt to reclaim it... but her strength eventually failed her, and she was forced to tearfully abandon her efforts.
Yumiko: ...It almost sounds like you saw that happen...
Sachi: If you require proof, please look at the base of the tree, where she dropped the stick from her popsicle while jumping for the wrapper.
Yumiko: It's... really there.
Sachi: Every piece of trash has its own dramatic past. Doesn't the thought of it make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside?
Yumiko: Well, I'm not sure about that... but either way, I'm quite convinced that you're no ordinary woman...
Sachi: Now that you understand I'm not merely wearing this maid outfit for show, let's transition to some practical training.
Sachi: First of all, I'd like to evaluate your skill level. Please begin actually sweeping the ground.
Yumiko: A-All right then...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: W-Was that good enough...?
Sachi: Yes. Thank you very much.
Sachi: Your movements are a bit awkward, which is natural given your inexperience, but I'm relieved to see you don't have any bad habits.
Yumiko: ...So... do you think I might be able to improve?
Sachi: Of course you can. However, growth always comes at the price of effort...
Sachi: On that note, I'll give you further advice as we attempt an actual cleaning of the courtyard. Please follow me.
Yumiko: ...No shortcuts to success, eh? I suppose cleaning's the same as cooking in that regard...
Sachi: All right, we've now cleaned the courtyard in its entirety. Might I have your thoughts on the experience?
Yumiko: To be perfectly honest... my arms are aching...
Sachi: Not surprising. It's easy to use too much force at first, when you're focused on making things as clean as possible... and that does take a toll on your muscles.
Sachi: But once you get used to it, you'll learn to moderate your movements, reducing the strain on your arms.
Yumiko: I think... it's going to take quite a while before I get to that level...
Black Cat: Meeeeow...
Yumiko: Oh? That cat...
Sachi: Ah... I believe that would be "Kittymeow," the feline Michiru-sama is so fond of.
Yumiko: I've seen it around a few times before... so it's Matsushima-san's pet, is it?
Sachi: To be more precise, Michiru-sama simply feeds Kittymeow when he stops by to visit. He's not exactly her pet.
Yumiko: Is that so...?
Black Cat: Nyap, nyap...
Yumiko: Oh... it curled up under that bench...
Sachi: Yes, Kittymeow tends to take a nap under that bench nearly every afternoon.
Yumiko: I see...
Yumiko: He certainly looks comfortable down there, doesn't he...?
Sachi: Only because you worked so hard to clean up this courtyard, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Sachi: Cats are very sensitive to changes in their environment. When someone other than me cleans this courtyard, he usually heads home without taking his nap.
Sachi: The fact that he's curled up like that means that he can see how hard you worked today, Sakaki-san.
Yumiko: ......
Sachi: Given that we're only human beings, our strengths and weaknesses will always be reflected in the outcome of our work...
Sachi: However, there's something more that we can convey to those we labor for. Namely...
Yumiko: ...Devotion?
Sachi: Exactly so.
Sachi: Whatever the results may be, they don't change the fact that you've devoted yourself to a task on the behalf of someone else.
Sachi: And so, no matter how badly you fail at your housework, Kazami-san will be pleased all the same.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: You're right. All the more reason to learn how to succeed...
Sachi: I'm quite willing to assist you in that regard.
Yumiko: Thank you, Komine-san.
Sachi: Of course...
Yumiko: Incidentally... there's a small favor I wanted to ask you...
Sachi: Oh? But... at present, I believe obtaining Kazami-san's freshly-used undergarments would be easier for you than me...
Yumiko: What? I didn't say anything about that!
Sachi: I see. Photographs of his sleeping face, then?
Yumiko: It's not that either!!
Sachi: Then...?
Yumiko: If you... ever need any assistance cleaning up around the academy, I'd like you to come to me for help...
Sachi: Huh...?
Yumiko: I know I've only done this once, but I think I understand now.
Yumiko: You make your cleaning look like it's the easiest thing in the world... but it really is a great deal of work, isn't it?
Sachi: ...And you'd like to assist me?
Yumiko: Yes. Given my current level of skill, I doubt I'll be of much help... but at the very least, I can keep you company.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Certainly. Since you're kind enough to offer, I'll be sure to invite you from now on.
Yumiko: Right. I'll do my very best.
Sachi: ......
Sachi: Uhm... to tell you the truth, there's something I've been wanting to ask you for quite some time now...
Yumiko: There is?
Sachi: Yes. I'm curious why you decided to learn more about the things you're least proficient at...
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: I see. Well...
Narration: *Before I met Yuuji, I'd given up on everything.*
Narration: *No matter what I did, no matter how I tried, all my efforts came to nothing in the end.*
Narration: *There was no reason to struggle, then. It only made my inevitable failures all the more painful.*
Narration: *That was how I saw things. And it worked well enough when I was alone.*
Narration: *―But then Yuuji chose me.*
Narration: *I regretted the fact I'd even been born, but he said he was grateful to have met me.*
Narration: *That made me very happy.*
Narration: *And precisely because I was happy, it pained me to know that I couldn't be of any help to Yuuji.*
Narration: *If only I were Amane... or Komine-san...*
Narration: *I don't know how many times such thoughts ran through my mind.*
Narration: *And that's why I decided to change myself.*
Narration: *I want to be capable of helping others, as they've helped me. I want to spoil Yuuji the way he's spoiled me.*
Narration: *I'll do whatever it takes to achieve that goal.*
Narration: *No matter how clumsy and ignorant I may be, I simply won't give up. Not this time.*
Narration: *Not after Yuuji showed me... how to stand defiant in the face of adversity.*
Makina: What th' hell, Sakaki Yumiko!?! Wipe that slack-jawed look off yer pasty face!! It ain't like ya just had yer cherry popped this mornin', fer cryin' out loud!!
Yumiko: ...Then again, all the determination in the world might not do me much good with Irisu-san...
Makina: Aw, c'mon... I'm just tryin' ta get you in the mood, all right? Work with me here, why don'tcha...
Yumiko: But... isn't this supposed to be a lesson on how to be affectionate? Why exactly are you shouting "come at me, punk"...?
Makina: Ya wanna know, huh? Ya really wanna know?
Yumiko: ...Yes. It's affecting my motivation to continue, so I really would appreciate an answer.
Makina: Okay then, I'll give ya the short version. If you wanna get affectionate with Onii-chan, you've gotta learn how to land yer hug!
Yumiko: How to... land my hug?
Makina: I'm pretty sure you know what I'm talkin' about here, Yumi-chan.
Makina: When he hits ya right in the babymaker with his sweet-talkin', an' ya try to throw yerself into his arms... half th' time, that guy just steps right outta yer path.
Yumiko: Now that you mention it, it's pretty rare for him to readily accept a hug...
Yumiko: Actually, I once tried to surprise him with an embrace from behind... but he just looked at me blankly and asked if I was practicing a "sumo move"...
Makina: I know, right? So if ya wanna get all lovey-dovey with a dude like that, ya gotta learn the skills. Specific'lly: how to launch an utterly unavoidable hug!
Yumiko: You've... certainly thought this through, Irisu-san...
Makina: Hehehe... women can't just sit around waitin' with their mouths open these days, Yumi-chan!
Yumiko: F-For some reason... your pointless intensity is giving me deja vu...
Makina: Onii-chan's been a bad influence on me, ya know!?
Yumiko: ...Now it all makes sense.
Makina: Anyhoo, it's way better to actually give this stuff a try instead of listenin' to lectures. So first of all, I wanted to see what you can do in the grapplin' department.
Yumiko: Oh, is that what it was?
Makina: Now that we've cleared that up...
Makina: Come at me however ya want, punk!!
Yumiko: All right. I'm a bit reluctant to throw myself at someone of your stature, but... I suppose training is training.
Makina: ...Indeed. No need ta hold back. Hit me with everything ya got.
Yumiko: Okay then, here I come...
Yumiko: Hmm!
Makina: Whoop!
Yumiko: Hmph!
Makina: Whooah!
Yumiko: Hnnngh!
Makina: Wooohah!!
Yumiko: Haa... haa... haa...
Yumiko: What's going on here...? Just as I'm about to grab you... you disappear...
Makina: Nheheh. That's because I'm usin' my "slide-step" to move outside yer field of focus.
Yumiko: M-My field of focus...?
Makina: I'm just Onii-chan's apprentice, and ya can't even catch me. Launchin' a frontal attack on the man himself just ain't gonna work, see?
Yumiko: I was afraid you'd say that...
Makina: And that's where my "Mega-Secret Anti-Onii-chan Surefire Technique" comes in!
Yumiko: Th-That sounds a little fishy... Is there really a "surefire" way to do this...?
Makina: ...Yep. Once ya get the hang of this, it doesn't matter if yer th' world's frailest little girl... you'll be leapin' with ease into anyone's chest...
Makina: I refer, of course... to th' deadly "slide-dash" technique...
Michiru: Geez. Why do I have to help out with the groceries, anyway...?
Amane: That's just the way it goes. Yuuji's out today, and Makina is in the middle of her lesson with Yumiko.
Michiru: You could've asked Sachi, then. I had some important thumb-twiddling on my schedule today, you know!
Amane: That doesn't sound too pressing... Look, I bought you that ice cream as a reward, right?
Michiru: Huh? Wait, is this the price you put on my labor!? What!? Talk about cheap!!
Amane: Oh, c'mon. It's a nice change of pace, right? I had fun shopping with you, personally.
Michiru: Wh-Where did that come from...? You're not gonna pull the wool over my eyes that easily...
Michiru: Uh, wait. Where are Makina and Sachi, anyway? Shouldn't the afternoon lecture be just about over by now?
Amane: Speak of the devil... Isn't that the two of them over there?
Michiru: Whaaat!?
Yumiko: ...Phew.
Makina: First, slide-dash right into Onii-chan's arms!!
Yumiko: ―Yuuji!!
Makina: Now make a goofy sound effect!
Yumiko: Squeeeeeze!!
Makina: Nice! Finish 'im off with th' pleadin' puppy-dog combo! Go!!
Yumiko: ...Today's a safe day for me...
Makina: ...Hrm.
Makina: Yer hella lewd, Yumi-chan! If I was a dude, I'd be ponyin' up extra for an overnight stay right about now...
Yumiko: R-Really...?
Makina: Yep. Let's see if you can pull that off one more time, okay?
Yumiko: Hoo-ahh!!
Amane: ......
Michiru: Amane... I totally understand why you'd drop your shopping bags in shock... but we really need to go now.
Michiru: They're going to pull us into this if we make eye contact...
Amane: R-Right...
Yumiko: Haa... haa... haa...
Yumiko: It feels like... I'm starting to get the hang of this. What do you think...?
Makina: Not bad. If ya practice a little more, yer precision will start improvin' big-time.
Yumiko: I-I'll do my best...
Yumiko: Hm? Hold on a moment. My phone's ringing...
Makina: Who's callin' you? Some scammer get yer info from one of them porn sites yer always visitin'?
Yumiko: ...It's Yuuji! He must have finished up his business with Harudera-san.
Makina: Okay, Yumi-chan. You just keep practicin'. I'll take th' call for ya!
Yumiko: Ah! Wait!!
Makina: ...It is I.
Yuuji: Uh, I called this number expecting to speak with Yumiko.
Makina: "Heeheehee. Pretty good imitation, right?"
Yuuji: Of who...?
Makina: "Bwoh? Whoopsy-daisy, I forgot ta explain th' character I was doin' there."
Yuuji: You can tell me all about that some other time, Makina. I'm more interested in why you're answering Yumiko's phone.
Makina: "Allow me ta clarify. Yumi-chan's in the middle of trainin' right now, so I picked up th' phone for her."
Yuuji: ...I see. Glad to hear she's working hard.
Makina: "Anyhoo, what didja need, Onii-chan? I'll pass on a message, if ya want."
Yuuji: Okay then. I've finished up over here, so I should be back at the dorm in about an hour. Can you let her know?
Makina: "Roger that."
Yuuji: That's all I really needed.
Makina: "Mmkay then. Hurry back home, okay? Don't start gropin' that blonde's juicy behind or anything."
Yuuji: ...Right.
Narration: *With a small sigh, I close my cell phone and slide it into the pocket of my pants.*
JB: Was that Makina you were speaking with?
Yuuji: ...Yeah. She warned me not to grope your behind.
JB: Excuse me...?
Yuuji: I don't really get it either, but I guess she was putting in a word on Yumiko's behalf...
JB: In that case, we should get you home right away. I'll drive you to the dorm.
Yuuji: Sorry to make you go out of your way...
Yumiko: Ah... Yuuji!
Narration: *In order to avoid any possible trouble, I get out of JB's car a ways from the academy and walk up to the gates. Yumiko's waiting outside; when she spots me, she immediately begins to run in my direction.*
Narration: *From the looks of things, she intends to leap into my arms. But once I realize that, I can't help wanting to tease her a little.*
Narration: *Obeying my instincts, I prepare to execute a quick sidestep just as Yumiko's about to envelop me in a passionate embrace... but at the very last moment, she abruptly vanishes from view.*
Yuuji: ...What!?
Yuuji: ...Ugh!!
Narration: *In the next instant, something rams into my body with all the power of a runaway racehorse.*
Yumiko: I did it! It actually worked...
Narration: *The air's been knocked out of my lungs. Struggling to stay conscious, I let my eyes turn downward... and find a head full of glossy black hair pressed up against my chest.*
Narration: *"Th-That was a slide-dash... Since when was Yumiko capable of that...?"*
Narration: *Unfortunately, I'm not able to vocalize the question. Stunned by the unexpected blow, I slowly slump forward against Yumiko.*
Yumiko: Ah...
Yumiko: Well... it isn't every day you make the first move, Yuuji...
Narration: *"Th-This girl... doesn't even realize what she's done to me..."*
Yumiko: I'm happy, though...
Narration: *Clearly misunderstanding the situation, Yumiko blushes bashfully and buries her face in my chest.*
Narration: *Once I regain control of my body, I quickly pull back to a more normal posture.*
Yumiko: Welcome home, Yuuji.
Yuuji: R-Right...
Narration: *As soon as this somewhat belated greeting leaves her mouth, Yumiko goes right back to nuzzling her face against me.*
Yumiko: Mm... Yuuji...
Yumiko: This is the scent... of the man I love... the man who made me his woman...
Yumiko: Ah... mmm...
Yumiko: *Sniff*... *Sniff* *Sniff*... Oh dear... I think I could do this for hours...
Yuuji: ...You really don't hold back, do you? It's almost like I'm dealing with Amane...
Yumiko: Excuse me, Yuuji... Isn't it a little rude to mention another woman's name right now?
Yuuji: Well, maybe, but...
Narration: *What with the sniffing and all, I think it's a pretty natural comparison.*
Yumiko: ...I suppose I'll forgive you. You're being very kind today, after all.
Yuuji: I'm glad you're not upset, but... what was that slide-dash just now? Since when could you do that?
Yumiko: Ah, yes... Irisu-san taught me that in her lecture today.
Yuuji: ...Are you serious?
Yumiko: Yes. She said it was a surefire technique for landing a hug on you...
Yuuji: If Makina was teaching you that... her lesson must have been...
Yumiko: Irisu-san's topic was "How to be affectionate."
Yuuji: Kuh... so that's how it is...
Narration: *It was nerve-wracking enough when I heard she was studying "tsundere techniques" from Michiru... but a course in "affection" from Makina, of all people...?*
Yumiko: I do think I'll have to thank her later.
Yumiko: This technique truly is marvelous... I think her lecture may have been the single most helpful so far...
Yuuji: ...Good for you, I guess.
Narration: *Yumiko murmurs to herself with a perfectly serious expression on her face. Feeling the beginnings of a headache coming on, I turn my eyes upward and gaze off into the distance.*
Makina: A good man needs ta know when ta give up, Onii-chan.
Yumiko: Huh? I-Irisu-san!?
Makina: Women like her are a pain in th' butt... They're not used to showing affection, so once they do go "dere" they'll knock your friggin' socks off...
Yuuji: ...I see. Yeah, can't say you're wrong.
Narration: *For one thing, Yumiko doesn't show her true self except when we're alone together. It probably makes the gap between her two "personalities" all the more pronounced.*
Yumiko: U-Uhm... how long have you been there...?
Makina: Huh? Whatcha talkin' about, Yumi-chan? After that phone call, we decided to wait for Onii-chan together.
Yumiko: S-So we did, come to think of it...
Yumiko: I was so busy indulging myself that I forgot all about my classmate... What an embarrassing person I am...
Makina: What cause is there fer shame!?!
Yumiko: Hyah!?
Makina: The whole reason I taught you that slide-dash is so you could get all lovey-dovey with Onii-chan, ya know?
Makina: Ya took yer trainin' seriously, and suck-sess-fully won Onii-chan's lovin' embrace... There's no reason for anyone ta laugh at you!
Yumiko: Irisu-san...
Makina: Ya did good today, Yumi-chan...
Narration: *Forgetting about me entirely, the two of them gaze at each other with glistening eyes.*
Narration: *And as if to confirm their newfound friendship, they reach out for a firm handshake―*
Makina: That said... next time, try not ta get all horny in public.
Yumiko: Bwah!?!
Makina: Even I got a little grossed out there, ya know?
Yumiko: I see... I suppose I was a fool to have revised my opinion of you, Irisu-san...
Narration: *Well, can't say I'm surprised it ended up like this.*
Narration: *Yumiko's armor is full of chinks these days; the others are taking advantage of that for their own amusement, and I don't think that's going to change any time soon.*
Narration: *But even so―*
Yuuji: I'm glad to see you're enjoying yourself, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Enjoying myself...? You think I enjoy having Irisu-san tease me like this?
Yuuji: That's what it looks like to me... Was I wrong?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: You think I'm... enjoying myself...?
Yuuji: Yeah. And I got the same impression watching your lessons yesterday, actually.
Narration: *Amane spiced up her lesson with obscene advice. Michiru babbled about absurd nonsense.*
Narration: *But even as Yumiko sighed in exasperation, a part of her was sincerely enjoying it.*
Narration: *That's how it looked to me, at least.*
Yumiko: I see... So that's how it is...
Yumiko: So that's... why I...
Narration: *Apparently oblivious to the fact that I've just admitted to peeking in on her lessons, Yumiko staggers off toward the school building.*
Makina: Nwhoh? What's wrong with Yumi-chan? Diarrhea, maybe? Her bowels loosen up alluva sudden?
Yuuji: I think it's more likely that your teasing sent her into a state of emotional shock.
Makina: Ooh... I did mess with her yesterday, too... Maybe I went a little bit too far this time...?
Yuuji: I know the girl leaves herself open to this sort of thing, but she can be surprisingly fragile at times...
Makina: Well... now ya got me a little worried about her...
Yuuji: Not to worry. I'll go see how she's doing.
Narration: *Once I've given Makina a comforting pat on the head, I hurry after Yumiko.*
Narration: *Mihama Academy's school building is extravagantly large, given the small number of students enrolled at present, but only a certain portion of it is typically accessible.*
Narration: *And when I narrow things down further by considering the places Yumiko might visit, I more or less know where to go.*
Narration: *Climbing the building's stairs to the very top, I ease open the heavy door I find there. Warm sunlight and a brilliant blue sky greet me.*
Narration: *It's a scene that brings back some memories. And Yumiko's standing quietly in the middle of it.*
Yuuji: Figured you might be here.
Yumiko: Yuuji...
Narration: *When I speak to her softly, she answers, but doesn't turn around.*
Yuuji: I can understand why you'd want to flee up here, but don't hold it against Makina, okay? She feels bad about taking the joke too far.
Yumiko: That's unfortunate. I didn't mean to upset Irisu-san.
Yumiko: And... it's not really why I'm up here...
Yuuji: It isn't?
Yumiko: No...
Yumiko: What you said just now helped me understand something, Yuuji. Namely... the reason why I asked my classmates for those lectures.
Yuuji: What do you mean?
Yumiko: Normally, when you're serious about learning something, it's best to find a truly experienced master in that field.
Yumiko: I'm sure everyone in this school knows how efficient that method is...
Yuuji: Sure. True enough.
Yumiko: But instead of doing that, I decided to learn from my classmates. Of course, that did feel like the proper choice to me...
Yumiko: But I couldn't quite put my finger on the reason why I felt that way...
Narration: *What Yumiko's saying is probably the truth.*
Narration: *In retrospect, the idea didn't quite make sense from the start.*
Narration: *It's natural to prefer a little privacy when you're struggling to overcome your weaknesses. At the very least, you wouldn't want your "teacher" to be someone who knows you well.*
Narration: *But even knowing it would be awkward, Yumiko deliberately chose to learn from her classmates.*
Narration: *It seems fair to assume she had another reason for doing so.*
Yumiko: I think... I've always wanted to spend some time like this...
Yuuji: You have?
Yumiko: Yes...
Yumiko: I'm talking about... chatting idly with a friend as we do something together...
Yumiko: I'd get angry when they tease me about my boyfriend... we'd throw ourselves at something like children, and laugh when it's over...
Yumiko: The sort of ordinary moments... any normal girl would experience...
Narration: *As she speaks these words, Yumiko's voice is incredibly gentle.*
Narration: *Deep down inside, she never really wanted to be alone.*
Narration: *And because I know this... her words carry all the more weight.*
Yumiko: I'm a contrary person by nature... so I didn't even realize until now.
Yuuji: A contrary person, huh...?
Yumiko: That's right. I'm a gloomy girl with no friends except my novels and a box cutter, remember?
Narration: *It sounds like Yumiko's putting herself down... but the fact that she's laughing at the person she used to be is proof that she's trying to move forward.*
Narration: *A bit relieved despite myself, I wait for her to continue.*
Yumiko: Facing up to my weaknesses really was challenging... but more than anything else, I had fun...
Yumiko: I found quite a lot to talk about with my classmates, too.
Yumiko: A year ago, I don't think I could even have imagined this...
Yuuji: ...I see.
Yumiko: But... it also makes me feel a little nervous...
Yumiko: I've nearly really... felt this happy before, you see...
Narration: *Yumiko realized what it is she's wanted. And that knowledge leaves her uncertain.*
Narration: *A sudden gust of wind blows by; her skirt flaps, and her long black hair sways. It feels like a manifestation of her heart's anxious wavering.*
Narration: *Until now, Yumiko's lived in a hollow world where any happiness she found was snatched away from her. The fear she's feeling right now is only natural.*
Narration: *But the "solution" to this problem happens to be surprisingly simple.*
Yuuji: In that case, just focus on enjoying the present.
Yumiko: Enjoying the present...?
Yuuji: When you're dealing with something you aren't used to, sometimes you get anxious. Sometimes you fail. So what?
Yuuji: This fear isn't any different from what you experienced in those "lessons," as you tried to overcome your weaknesses.
Yumiko: But even so...
Yuuji: ...There's no second chances if you fail...?
Yumiko: ...Right.
Yuuji: I don't think that's true.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: I know you've had a lot of sudden "endings" in your life so far... but together, we eliminated their root cause.
Yumiko: ...!
Yuuji: There's no need to shrink in fear at the thought of failure.
Yuuji: As long as you keep reaching out to them, you'll have plenty of chances to try again.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: The "present" you're living in right now is exactly the one you wanted, Yumiko...
Yuuji: So if you're enjoying the time you spend with Amane, Michiru, Makina, and Sachi, then there's nothing to worry about.
Yumiko: Nothing... to worry about?
Yuuji: The fact that you're feeling anxious just proves how deeply you've come to care about them.
Yumiko: ...!?
Yuuji: And fortunately, none of them are the sort to throw in the towel on you over a misstep or two. You know that by now, right?
Yumiko: ...True enough. If anything, I'm the one who always gave up.
Yuuji: So there you have it.
Yuuji: Instead of walking on eggshells all the time, why don't you just do whatever you feel like doing?
Yumiko: Whatever I feel like...?
Yuuji: I know you guys aren't the best at communicating... but if you're honestly enjoying your time together, they're going to know it.
Yumiko: ...I suppose you might be right, Yuuji.
Yumiko: Getting all self-conscious certainly isn't going to help matters. In that case, I might as well focus on being myself.
Yuuji: ...Yeah. Sounds about right.
Narration: *After all, a real friend is someone you can be around without putting on any airs.*
Yumiko: But... whatever I feel like doing...? Nothing comes to mind, to be honest...
Yuuji: Free of worldly desires, huh? Guess you're more enlightened than I thought.
Yumiko: Well... no, that's not quite it...
Yuuji: ...What do you mean?
Yumiko: I've already had the chance to do the things I wanted to.
Yumiko: You took me to the amusement park that night, for one thing... and I got to experience fireworks as well...
Yuuji: Wait, fireworks?
Yumiko: Yes...
Yumiko: You remember during summer vacation last year, when we all went to the beach together?
Yuuji: Of course I do, but... was playing with fireworks like that something you'd wanted to do?
Yumiko: Well, to be exact... I was always rather fascinated by those flashy shows they put on at night during festivals.
Yuuji: The big displays, huh...?
Yumiko: Right...
Yumiko: I told you about the way I used to draw pictures in the garden when I was at my grandparents' house, didn't I?
Yuuji: Yeah...
Yumiko: It wasn't any different during the festivals, so... I only knew fireworks as far-off dots in the sky, with their sound reaching me a moment later.
Yumiko: So when I came to school the next day and heard everyone talking excitedly about them, it always made me a little envious.
Yumiko: "What do fireworks look like up close?" "Are they really that pretty?" Sometimes, I'd lie in bed thinking about it for hours on end...
Yuuji: I see...
Narration: *At this point, the sound of a fireworks display mostly reminds me of artillery shells going off in the distance...*
Narration: *But when I was young, Kazuki did take me to a show by the river, and I still remember how thrilling it was to feel the power of those explosions.*
Narration: *As a child, Yumiko didn't even have the chance to experience that simple pleasure.*
Yumiko: But really, I was misunderstanding things...
Yuuji: It wasn't the fireworks themselves you were interested in, huh?
Yumiko: ...That's right. After coming to here, and playing with fireworks on that beach... I finally figured it out.
Yumiko: It wasn't the fireworks display I wanted... it was the experience of enjoying it with friends all around me.
Yuuji: You didn't seem that excited at the time, to be honest.
Yumiko: W-Well, of course not... Back then, that was the best I could do...
Yuuji: Right. You were in the middle of your "Yumicorn" period at the time, I guess.
Yumiko: I would like to be... a bit more honest with my feelings from now on... if possible...
Yuuji: Wish you could say that a little more decisively...
Yumiko: A-Anyway, that's all I wanted to say!!
Yuuji: That so?
Yumiko: Yes...
Yumiko: And in any case, as long as I've got you with me... I don't really need anything else.
Narration: *From my position, I can't see the expression on Yumiko's face.*
Narration: *But from the tone of her words, I can tell they're not lies or empty flattery.*
Narration: *And more than anything else, I want to live up to them.*
Narration: *I want to keep that radiant smile on her face―*
Yuuji: All right then. Why don't we go on a sketching trip tomorrow?
Yumiko: ...Huh?
Yuuji: Now that I think about it, you didn't really get to do much drawing while we were holed up in that apartment together.
Yumiko: That's true. Now that I can go out freely, it'll be much easier to sketch... but what brought this on all of a sudden?
Yuuji: Well, JB was thoughtful enough to get me an actual day off tomorrow. I can spend it entirely with you.
Yumiko: An entire day... with you...?
Yuuji: Figured I might as well act like a boyfriend once in a while. So I'm inviting you on a date, basically.
Yumiko: A-A date?
Yuuji: Okay, why are you blushing? We've done more embarrassing things than this plenty of times already.
Yumiko: That's true, but... dates are a special case for women...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *I don't quite understand it myself, but I'm not a woman. Suppose I'll have to take Yumiko's word for it.*
Yuuji: So anyway, are you willing to indulge me?
Yumiko: ...Indulge you...?
Yuuji: Right. I'm the one who's proposing this date, remember? It's something I want to do.
Yumiko: Yuuji...
Yuuji: That being the case, I'd like to know how my girlfriend feels about the―
Yumiko: I'll go! I wouldn't miss it for the world!!
Yuuji: ...Th-That a fact? Guess it's settled, then.
Yumiko: Uh... why did you take a step back there?
Yuuji: Sorry. Your level of enthusiasm slightly alarmed me.
Yumiko: Why would it!? I mean, it's your fault I'm acting like this! You, uh... barely ever invite me out on dates, after all...
Yuuji: True enough. I'll definitely have to work on that.
Yumiko: Right...
Yumiko: As for tomorrow's date, why don't you leave everything to me?
Yuuji: Oh? You have something in mind...?
Yumiko: Not yet, but I'm going to work out a perfect plan. Don't worry... I'll make sure you won't regret this!
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Yumiko: Could it really hurt to let your girlfriend take the lead every once in a while?
Yuuji: No, I guess not. I'll take you up on that offer, Yumiko.
Yumiko: ...Right. Thanks, Yuuji.
Yumiko: Hehehe. A date, huh...?
Yumiko: Still, it's been a while since I sketched... Maybe I should practice a little so I don't embarrass myself...?
Yumiko: Oh, right! Might as well pack a lunch too. A picnic by the riverside sounds fun...
Narration: *Turning quickly away, Yumiko begins muttering to herself in an excited tone of voice.*
Narration: *It's like looking at a kid all worked up about their upcoming field trip. I can only hope tomorrow turns out to be as enjoyable a day as it possibly can be.*

Date: *September 18, 2012, 17:41 - Riverbank*
Yumiko: I was looking forward to this date... so very, very much... and this is how it turns out?
Yumiko: But at least now I finally understand.
Yumiko: If Yuuji and I are ever going to enjoy our romance to the fullest, we need to move somewhere far, far away... to someplace where the forces of evil can't reach us...
Narration: *Clenching her trembling fists, Yumiko mutters that to herself with the expression of a woman about to shed bitter tears.*
Narration: *If things had gone according to plan, right about now we'd be reminiscing happily about all the fun we had on our date.*
Narration: *Instead, we find ourselves here... thanks to what can only be called an unfortunate series of events.*
Date: *September 18, 2012, 09:17 - Mihama Academy - Principal's Office*
Yuuji: ...Anyway, that's what we'd like to propose as a potential use for the school's remaining operational funds. Can we get your opinion, as the principal?
Principal: Let's see. Personally, I don't dislike the plan... and as long as we follow the proper procedures, it shouldn't be that difficult to carry out...
Yuuji: It doesn't look like you're completely on board, though.
Principal: It's not that I have a problem with your proposal, I'm just surprised. Even with you taking the lead, I wasn't expecting everyone to reach a consensus so quickly.
Yuuji: I can't really comment on that myself. Maybe your policy of "fostering harmony" between your students has finally paid off, Chizuru?
Principal: I'd be very happy if that was the case, but to be honest, I was hoping to accomplish something much simpler than that.
Yuuji: Something simpler?
Principal: Yes...
Principal: I wanted this academy to be a place where you could learn about each other's circumstances... and still become friends.
Yuuji: Friends, huh...?
Narration: *Given that we can't just erase our pasts, misfits like us need to find people who can understand and accept us.*
Narration: *In that sense, I was damn lucky that the person who took me in all those years ago was a woman as absurd as Kusakabe Asako.*
Narration: *When you're around someone who knows that indifference or superficial "kindness" aren't going to solve your problems, it gets a lot easier to start moving forward.*
Narration: *Chizuru was probably trying to create an environment like that for us.*
Yuuji: In that case, I think you can hold your head high.
Principal: Huh...? What do you mean?
Yuuji: You'll probably understand soon enough.
Principal: Grr... there you go again, ruthlessly teasing your own principal...
Yuuji: Uh, that's not what I―
Principal: There's no need for excuses. I know exactly what kind of person you are, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: Okay then. Mind if I get this conversation back on track?
Principal: This is exactly what I'm talking about, you know...
Yuuji: Hmm? You say something?
Principal: Nothing at all!
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Seems like I stepped on another landmine at some point.*
Yuuji: So it sounds like you're all right with our proposal, Chizuru... Does that mean I have the principal's official approval?
Principal: Yes. I'll immediately move forward with the necessary formalities to adopt your plan.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *I was half expecting her to turn me down, but I guess it all worked out somehow.*
Principal: Hehehe. You certainly look pleased with yourself...
Yuuji: ...What?
Principal: You're smirking a bit, you know.
Yuuji: Hrm... can't deny I was feeling happy, but I didn't know I was smiling...
Narration: *Brushing my fingers experimentally against my cheeks, I take a sip of the tea Chizuru prepared for us.*
Principal: I don't mind you taking a breather, now that the matter's settled... but you shouldn't be wasting too much time here, right?
Yuuji: What do you mean? I'm off work today.
Principal: Yes, but I understand you've got an appointment with Sakaki-san instead.
Yuuji: Okay, Chizuru. Why do you know this...?
Principal: You really shouldn't underestimate the girl-talk intelligence network, Kazami-kun.
Yuuji: Uh, before we get into that... I need to question whether you really qualify as a "girl" at this point...
Principal: I'm still comfortably within the "girl" category, thank you very much!!
Yuuji: She's definitely got less tolerance for the age-related jokes these days...
Yumiko: Are you already done speaking with the Principal?
Narration: *Beating a hasty retreat from Chizuru's office, I find Yumiko standing by in the hallway outside.*
Yuuji: What, were you waiting for me?
Yumiko: Yes. I was planning to wait in my room at first, but... I just couldn't help myself...
Yuuji: Have to admit it's nice to hear that... Still, I don't think that took more than 15 minutes...
Yumiko: Well... I was also worried you might start flirting around with the principal...
Yuuji: Didn't quite catch that. Something about Chizuru?
Yumiko: Er, it's nothing. Let's hurry back to the dorm and get ready to go!
Yuuji: Right. Sounds like a plan.
Yuuji: ...Guess I can just wear my school uniform, right?
Narration: *After Yumiko pulls me by the arm back to the dorm, I end up just waiting for her in my room, rather than changing into the clothes I bought while we were on the run.*
Narration: *Normally, going out with your girlfriend warrants dressing up a little, but that doesn't necessarily apply to Yumiko.*
Narration: *Unless I'm very much mistaken, she's probably going to show up wearing her school uniform.*
Yuuji: ...Come in.
Yumiko: Sorry to keep you waiting, Yuuji.
Narration: *When I reply to her knock, Yumiko enters my room dressed exactly as I expected.*
Yuuji: Well done, Yumiko.
Narration: *Dropping my hands onto her shoulders, I offer her my sincere praise.*
Yumiko: Why are you praising me for entering your room, exactly...?
Yuuji: I'm praising your attitude with regard to this date.
Yumiko: Are you... referring to the fact that I'm wearing my uniform?
Yumiko: In that case, you're being silly. We're still students of Mihama Academy, so it's only natural that we'd wear its uniform for ordinary trips outside.
Yuuji: Exactly. That's Sakaki Yumiko for you... Mihama's most sensible woman!
Yumiko: ...I-I don't really understand, but I'm glad you approve.
Narration: *Blushing slightly, Yumiko adjusts the position of the tote bag hanging from her shoulder.*
Yuuji: That bag doesn't look like it has your art supplies in it.
Yumiko: Right. I thought we could eat by the riverbank after I sketch there, so I packed us lunches.
Yuuji: I'm on board with that plan, but... you can't sketch without any supplies, can you?
Yumiko: I was thinking we could go buy some new ones, actually.
Yuuji: Are your old ones no good anymore?
Yumiko: Not really. But since we're going out together, I thought it might be nice to spend a little time shopping.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *While the two of us were on the run, Yumiko was almost never able to leave our apartment.*
Narration: *Going out shopping together would definitely be a nice change of pace.*
Yuuji: I know I left the plan for today up to you, but it seems like you've put some real thought into it.
Yumiko: Of course I did. I'm the one who insisted, so I couldn't very well disappoint you. 
Yuuji: I'm looking forward to seeing what else you've got up your sleeve. Why don't we get going?
Narration: *With that said, I head toward my door, but...*
Yumiko: Wait another ten minutes, please!
Narration: *Yumiko blocks my path in a surprising display of agility. *
Yuuji: Do you still have something to take care of before we go?
Yumiko: No, that's not it. Amane and Irisu-san are in the lobby getting ready to head out.
Yuuji: Is that some kind of problem?
Yumiko: Are you serious...? It's a huge problem...
Yumiko: I know exactly what's going to happen if we run into those two outside... they'll tease me ruthlessly! "Oh, what's this? Going on a daaate, huh?" "Geez, Yumi-chan, yer such a greedy girl!"
Yuuji: You're really overthinking this, Yumiko...
Yumiko: Overthinking...? Well, I suppose I wouldn't have even considered this a year ago...
Yumiko: But... you're aware of the numerous humiliations they've subjected me to over the last few days, right?
Yuuji: You do have a point there...
Narration: *Setting aside the question of whether those were really "humiliations," it wasn't easy consoling Yumiko after she got all sulky.*
Yumiko: Basically, I'd like to eliminate any factors that could possibly disrupt our date.
Yuuji: In that case... what about the people who already know of our plans?
Yumiko: Well, the principal shouldn't be a problem. She probably found out because I called up Harudera-san to thank her.
Yuuji: Wait, you called JB? Don't tell me...
Yumiko: Exactly. Now that she knows we're going on a date, it's going to be much more awkward for her to get in touch with you if something urgent comes up.
Yuuji: True enough, but... you're really thinking like a villain here, Yumiko...
Yumiko: Hehehe... today has to be perfect, you know? I'd sell my soul to the devil to make that happen...
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *"Yumiko might actually make a pretty decent mafia boss..."*
Narration: *Looking at the wicked smile on the girl's face, it's hard to think otherwise.*
Yumiko: Okay then. Let's start off by buying those art supplies.
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *Leaving my room precisely ten minutes later, we head for the station area at the leisurely pace of a married couple taking a stroll.*
Narration: *I glance over at Yumiko every once in a while, but she's gazing at the scenery with such a lively look on her face that I can't really bring myself to start a conversation.*
Yumiko: Hm? Wh-What...? Is there something on my face...?
Yuuji: Not really. I know the day's just getting started, but I'm reassured to see you looking so happy.
Yumiko: Well, what did you expect...? I've really been looking forward to this, you know...
Narration: *A bit embarrassed by her own words, Yumiko bashfully averts her eyes.*
Narration: *That expression packs a serious punch. A part of me's already starting to think about when I can apply for another day off.*
Yumiko: Stop here for a moment.
Narration: *As we're approaching the station area, Yumiko stops abruptly in her tracks at the end of a small side street.*
Yuuji: ...Do we have trouble?
Yumiko: We're about to enter a heavily-trafficked area, so I want to make sure it's safe...
Narration: *Answering my question in a whisper, Yumiko presses her back against the alley wall and peers cautiously out at the main street.*
Yumiko: ...All clear. I don't see anyone we know. Let's proceed to the shop.
Yuuji: Roger that...
Narration: *Yumiko's tone of voice is so serious all of a sudden that I reflexively respond in kind.*
Young Boy: Hey, Mommy... what are those people doing?
Mommy: Shh! Quiet, Maa-kun. Just pretend they aren't there.
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *Everyone in our vicinity appears to be looking at us rather suspiciously.*
Narration: *Can't really blame them, I suppose. Our uniforms stand out in this crowd, and we're behaving... pretty oddly.*
Yuuji: Look, Yumiko... I do understand how you feel, but maybe we could relax a little?
Yumiko: No need to worry. Once we get inside the shop itself, we should be able to let down our guard.
Yuuji: Hope you're right about that...
Yumiko: Wow... their selection's much better now than it was a year ago...
Narration: *Once we enter the art supply store in question, Yumiko instantly forgets about her paranoia and returns to normal.*
Narration: *Seems like she can't quite manage to contain her enthusiasm in a place that caters so thoroughly to her hobby.*
Yumiko: They've even got red sable brushes...
Narration: *Murmuring to herself, Yumiko strokes one of the sample paintbrushes on display with her fingertips.*
Yuuji: Red sable, huh? Aren't those high-end brushes made from weasel hair?
Yumiko: Yes, that's right... I'm surprised you knew that.
Yuuji: I do know a bit more about art than the average person, thanks to my sister. She used to teach me things while I was watching her paint.
Yumiko: Come to think of it... your sister was quite a skilled artist, wasn't she? You said she was winning prizes in competitions...
Yuuji: Yeah, she won a few contests, and her work was selling highly for a while. Didn't last very long, though.
Yumiko: I see...
Yuuji: Anyway, do you more or less know what you're looking for?
Yumiko: Yes...
Narration: *Apparently noticing that I don't really enjoy talking about my sister, Yumiko allows me to change the topic.*
Yumiko: I was planning on doing a watercolor landscape instead of a sketch today, so I'm looking to buy a round brush...
Yumiko: But I can't quite decide between my usual squirrel-hair brush or these red sable ones. They're less cost-effective, but they let you add some truly delicate details to your work.
Yuuji: I see. Guess it depends on your priorities, huh?
Yumiko: Just out of curiosity... which would you choose?
Yuuji: Well, let's see...
Amane: Hmmm... I'm pretty sure I'd go with the squirrel-hair brush, personally...
Makina: I'm all about that red sable, fer sure! 
Yumiko: ...Huh? Wh-Why...?
Narration: *As two interlopers abruptly wedge their way into our conversation, Yumiko's face stiffens with shock.*
Amane: Well, you don't have to feel too nervous about using cheap stuff, right? And a familiar compact car's way easier to handle than some brand-new 4WD monster!
Makina: Sure, but it ain't like Yumi-chan's a beginner, ya know? I bet tryin' out somethin' new'd be pretty cool too.
Yumiko: Uhm... that's not what I meant. Why are you here, Amane? And you, Irisu-san?
Amane: Ah, well... I think Makina got influenced by something on TV again. She started shouting "The canvas is callin' ta me!" all of a sudden...
Makina: So we moseyed on over to th' nearest art store... where we spotted our good pal Yumi-chan in a bit of a dilemma, an' offered some helpful advice!
Yumiko: So when you mentioned a "shopping trip" in the lobby earlier...
Amane: Yep. I was talking about buying some oil-painting supplies with Makina.
Yumiko: I see... So that's it...
Narration: *Her voice now thoroughly listless, Yumiko hangs her head and mutters something about her "carelessness."*
Narration: *For all the effort she spent to avoid accidentally meeting Amane and Makina on the street, she clearly didn't consider the possibility their destination might be the same as ours.*
Yuuji: Well, Yumiko, we've heard their opinions. Which brush are you going for?
Yumiko: Let's see... this is my first artistic effort in a while, so I think I'll go with the squirrel-hair.
Makina: Okay then! Take my cart up while yer at it!
Yumiko: You expect me to pay!?
Makina: In installments!
Yumiko: Installments!?
Amane: Uhh, sorry about that, Yumiko. I'll pay for Makina's stuff later, okay?
Yumiko: W-Well, in that case...
Narration: *With clear reluctance on her face, Yumiko heads for the registers with Makina in tow.*
Amane: Hey, Yuuji. Are we... sorta in the way here, maybe?
Yuuji: Considering that we're in the middle of a date, I guess you could say that... but we ran into each other coincidentally. There's no need to feel awkward about it.
Amane: Thanks. That makes me feel a little better.
Yuuji: Have to say I was pretty surprised to see you two in an art store, though.
Amane: Speaking of surprises... it's a little weird to hear you say the word "date."
Yuuji: I know it's a little out of character, but Yumiko's been putting in a lot of effort lately. I wanted to do something for her.
Amane: Well, Yumiko's definitely been working her butt off for you, so I guess you kinda owe her a reward.
Yuuji: For me?
Amane: Sure. I know she says it's about "overcoming her weaknesses," but she's learning how to cook and clean, right? It's obviously for you.
Amane: If you think about it, these "lessons" are basically a housewife training course.
Yuuji: Housewife training, huh...?
Amane: ...You have given marriage some thought by now, right?
Yuuji: Yeah. Haven't made any concrete decisions, but... at this point, I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else.
Amane: ...Right. It's reassuring to hear you say that.
Amane: Yumiko's a sweet girl who's willing to give her all for the man she loves. You better make her happy, okay?
Yuuji: That's the plan, of course.
Narration: *Just as my conversation with Amane reaches its conclusion, Yumiko and Makina return with plastic bags dangling from their hands.*
Makina: Awright. I got my "Beginner's Oil-Painting Jumpstarter Kit," just as planned!
Yumiko: I've also purchased everything I need.
Yuuji: In that case, I suppose we're ready to go.
Yumiko: I suppose we are. Now I just have to pray I'm not hopelessly rusty...
Amane: Does that mean... you guys are gonna go do a little painting somewhere?
Yumiko: Yes. Painting at the riverbank was our main objective for the day, actually.
Amane: Gotcha. In that case, I guess we'll see you two―
Makina: Grm...?
Narration: *Just as Amane's attempting to be considerate, Makina raises an eyebrow, her attention apparently caught by something or other.*
Yuuji: What's wrong, Makina?
Makina: ...I can sense it.
Amane: Sense what...?
Makina: The smell of toasted sugar and eggs... the fragrance of fresh cream... there's gotta be a crepe truck in th' vicinity!
Yumiko: ...A crepe truck?
Narration: *Yumiko perks up her ears at that. The girl's always had a bit of a sweet tooth.*
Makina: Kuh... they keep fillin' the air with that dee-leckt-a-bull aroma... I can't take no more, man!!
Amane: Ah! Wait, Makina!!
Narration: *Before the words even leave Amane's mouth, Makina's bolted out of the store and set off running down the street.*
Yuuji: You all right with this, Amane? Unless you do something, that pudgy little face of hers is going to get even rounder.
Amane: Hmm... I've been adjusting her calorie intake, so she hasn't gotten many sweets lately... Can't blame her this time, really.
Amane: Well, guess that's settled. Let's go, Yumiko.♪
Yumiko: Huh? W-Wait, I...
Yuuji: Hmm. Suppose you can't expect young women to show restraint when sweets are involved...
Makina: Hey there! I'll have th' usual! Makina-sized!!
Young Woman: ...Th-The usual? "Makina-sized"...?
Narration: *Following my three classmates down the street, I find Makina placing her order while pretending to open an imaginary sushi-bar curtain.*
Amane: I really don't think you've been here often enough for them to know your "usual"...
Makina: Whoops, my bad. Figgered it was more important ta get into th' spirit of things...
Young Woman: Ahahaha...
Amane: Uh, sorry about that. Let's see... a double cream choco-banana for her, please. And I'll have a chocolate gateau with fresh cream.
Young Woman: Yes, ma'am. And what would you like, miss?
Yumiko: Huh? Er, I... I'm just tagging along, so...
Amane: Just tagging along? Come on, Yumiko. You're already here, so you might as well order something! You don't have a problem with crepes or anything, right?
Yumiko: I certainly don't... If anything, I'm rather fond of them...
Yumiko: But it's bad manners to eat in the middle of the street... and even if I did want to order... I'm not sure I could decide which one to choose...
Amane: Honestly, y'always make things more complicated than they need t'be... Why don't we let the crepe lady decide for you, then?
Young Woman: Let's see... I could whip you up one of our special mixed crepes, if you like. We only sell twenty per day.
Makina: Ooh! Yeah, we'll go with that!
Yumiko: Wait, a limited-edition special!?
Amane: Aw, it'll be fine. The crepes here are easy to eat, you know? And if it's too big, you can always have Yuuji help you out.
Yuuji: Sure. Don't worry, a little sugar won't ruin my appetite... I'll finish off the lunch you packed either way.
Yumiko: I'm happy to hear you say that, but...
Amane: Aw, c'mon. Can't hurt to eat something sweet with your girlfriends every once in a while, right?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: I suppose you're right. I'm technically a girl myself... so there's nothing that strange about me eating a crepe...
Narration: *Amane's final remark apparently did the trick. Blushing slightly, Yumiko nods her consent.*
Narration: *I find myself recalling a certain early-summer day last year, when a certain someone stood scowling in front of a crepe shop for a good 30 minutes...*
Young Woman: Thanks for your patience, everyone!
Yumiko: Th-Thank you...
Narration: *About ten minutes later, everyone's orders are finally ready.*
Makina: Dang... that special is really somethin', man...
Amane: This is the first time I've seen it, but... wow. Bet that thing's got a ton of calories...
Yumiko: Yes... I don't think I've ever seen a crepe this tanta... er, loaded with toppings before... 
Narration: *I can't blame the girls for being surprised.*
Narration: *The crepe Yumiko's received is basically a pancake stuffed full of everything you'd expect in a large fruit parfait.*
Yumiko: See that, Yuuji? Doesn't it look delicious?
Yuuji: Uh, yeah... it's sure big enough, too. Might hit the spot after a long day of training...
Narration: *To be honest, just looking at the thing is enough to give me heartburn, but it's hard to say that when Yumiko's beaming so happily.*
Makina: C'mon, Yumi-chan, take a bite already! We wanna hear yer thoughts! Review, please!
Yumiko: Right. I should eat it while it's still fresh, or it won't be as delicious...
Yumiko: ...*Munch*
Narration: *After murmuring encouragingly to herself, Yumiko steels her resolve and takes a big bite of her massive crepe.*
Narration: *And a moment later...*
Yumiko: Oh my... I hope no one asks me for a favor right now... I don't think I could turn them down...
Narration: *...she's saying some slightly worrisome things with an expression of sheer bliss on her face.*
Makina: Is it that friggin' good!? Okay, I'm gonna take me a bite too...
Narration: *Taking advantage of the fact that Yumiko's distracted, Makina proceeds to lean over and steal a bite of her crepe.*
Yumiko: ...Huh? Hey, wait! Irisu-san!?
Makina: Angh... nm, ngh... mmm! What the heck, man!? This thing's crazy dee-lish-us!!
Narration: *By the time Yumiko's even aware of her classmate's act of savagery, Makina's face is already glowing with ill-gotten pleasure.*
Yumiko: Of course it is... You ate the best part, after all. I was saving that strawberry for later...
Amane: For all that hemming and hawing, it sounds like you were actually pretty excited about this...
Yumiko: Naturally. We're talking about a crepe, you know? One of my favorite things in the world.
Amane: Wow, listen to you go all of a sudden... I didn't know you liked crepes THAT much.
Yumiko: I do. But at my previous school, we weren't allowed to buy snacks on the way home... so I've only had a few chances to actually eat one...
Amane: Ah. So you started thinking of crepes as these super special treats, basically?
Yumiko: That's right...
Amane: Well, anyway... you guys sure make that thing sound amazing. Makes me wanna try it too!
Narration: *Grinning mischievously, Amane proceeds to take a big bite of Yumiko's crepe.*
Yumiko: Oh, come on... Even you, Amane...?
Amane: Sorry, sorry. I'll let you have some of mine too, okay?
Yumiko: What...? Can I really eat your crepe? Weren't you looking forward to it?
Amane: Uh... it's not like I'm that attached to mine, personally. Don't worry about it.
Yumiko: ......
Amane: A group of friends sharing food is pretty normal, you know? Everyone does it.
Yumiko: A group of friends, huh...?
Amane: Hm? Did I say something weird...?
Yumiko: No. It's nothing.
Yumiko: If you insist, then I guess I really will have some.
Amane: Yep. Here you go, have at it.
Narration: *Smiling in evident satisfaction, Amane holds out her crepe. Yumiko proceeds to take a sizable bite.*
Yumiko: Om... mmn.
Makina: Whatcha think of Ama-nee's chocolate gateau, Yumi-chan...?
Yumiko: ...It's delectable.
Amane: I know, right?
Amane: On that note, I think I'll have some of Makina's choco-banana next.♪
Makina: Mmkay then, I'll go fer another taste of Yumi-chan's special mix...
Yumiko: Why are you going for mine again!? If we're sharing equally, you should be taking a bite of Amane's crepe next!
Makina: Aw, don't sweat th' small stuff...
Yumiko: This isn't "small" in the slightest!
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *I stand by and watch quietly as the girls continue their lively crepe-themed conversation.*
Narration: *If I were to look at this scene through the eyes of a random passerby... it wouldn't seem like anything more than three young women from the same school killing some time by chattering about their sweets.*
Narration: *But even so... if someone were to disrupt this moment, I don't think I'd ever forgive them.*
Narration: *...For some reason, I really do feel that way.*
Yumiko: Good grief... running into Amane and Irisu-san like that completely threw off our schedule.
Yumiko: I was actually planning to look around some other shops after the art-supply store...
Narration: *Having split up from our classmates near the station, we're currently making our way over to the river.*
Narration: *For all Yumiko's grumbling, she's been talking about those two constantly for the last few minutes. Somehow, I don't think she's being completely honest about her feelings.*
Yumiko: And just look at my hard-won crepe! Those two ate so much of it that there's barely anything left.
Narration: *She thrusts the treat in question out toward me to emphasize her point. To be sure, it's been reduced to a third of its original size.*
Yuuji: But you ate some of Amane and Makina's, right?
Yumiko: Yes... I made sure to get a good taste...
Yumiko: If I had to summarize their appeal, I'd say the chocolate gateau had a "grown-up" flavor... whereas the choco-banana was more on the "cute" side of things...
Narration: *Yumiko's face slowly softens into something like a smile. Seems like she's remembering how it felt to bite into those treats.*
Narration: *Just from listening to her describe them, it's evident that Yumiko's zeal for crepes is a bit on the extreme side.*
Yumiko: ...Excuse me, Yuuji. I'm talking about how disappointed I am, so why do you look somewhat pleased?
Yuuji: Uh... you were disappointed? Didn't sound that way to me...
Yumiko: I-I'm not talking about the crepes! Remember what I was saying before that!?
Yuuji: Well, yeah. But running into Amane and Makina gave you an excuse to try those crepes you've been secretly yearning for, right?
Yumiko: And I'm grateful to them for that. Very much so.
Yumiko: But that's really not what I'm trying to say...
Narration: *I do understand where Yumiko's coming from. She obviously wanted today to be "just the two of us."*
Narration: *Still, it won't do anyone much good if she's too worried about that to relax and enjoy herself.*
Yuuji: I'm happy that you feel that way, but I think it's a little early for regrets. There's still plenty of other stuff left on our itinerary, right?
Yumiko: Th-That's true. The date hasn't even begun until we get to the riverbank, really...
Narration: *Murmuring a bit of encouragement to herself, Yumiko clenches her fists resolutely.*
Narration: *It's nice to see her switching gears, I guess. Wouldn't want to drag her around on a date while she's down in the dumps.*
Yumiko: Oh, right. Why don't you have some of this crepe as well, Yuuji? You didn't end up ordering anything earlier.
Yuuji: That's true, but... are you sure? There won't be that much left if I start taking bites.
Yumiko: Its fine. I'm offering because I want you to have some, okay?
Yuuji: Well, I can't really say no to that...
Yumiko: Okay then. Here you go.♪
Narration: *As Yumiko holds out her crepe, I lean over and take a bite.*
Narration: *A pleasant sweetness spreads instantly through my mouth.*
Yumiko: Want a handkerchief...?
Yuuji: That's okay. I didn't get any cream on my face.
Yumiko: But you'll need it when the flavor moves you to tears of joy. 
Yuuji: Hold on, Yumiko... it's not like I'm a marine who's just come home after an extended tour of duty. Weeping over a crepe would be a bit much.
Yumiko: ...I see. So this taste didn't touch your heart, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Well, I'm not putting it down either. I don't feel the need to cry, but it's definitely delicious. 
Yumiko: Isn't it, though?♪
Narration: *The instant she hears me praising the crepe, a smile blooms across Yumiko's face.*
Yumiko: I'm so glad you liked it too, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Is that really so important?
Yumiko: I don't know what most people would think... but it's important to me.
Yumiko: I wouldn't force you to change your tastes, of course... I'm just happy to hear you like the same things I do.
Yuuji: ...Ah, I get it.
Narration: *There's no reason Yumiko and I have to see everything the same way, but it's always nice to discover something we can enjoy together.*
Narration: *I think that's what she's getting at, basically.*
Yumiko: Incidentally, I was planning to have lunch once we arrive at the riverbed... Does that sound all right?
Yuuji: Yeah. Not to worry, one bite of crepe isn't going to spoil my appetite.
Yumiko: I'm glad to hear that. I know I'm a bit clumsy in the kitchen, but I put my heart and soul into this lunch. I might have cried if you couldn't finish it.
Yuuji: Wait... what...?
Narration: *The moment I realize Yumiko's gotten a step ahead of me, my stomach clenches up and emits a soft gurgle of fear.*
Yumiko: ...You do keep your promises, right, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Yeah... of course...
Narration: *The look on Yumiko's face is gentle, but her tone of voice is downright cold. Saying "no" clearly isn't even an option here.*
Yumiko: There aren't many people around, considering it's a holiday...
Narration: *As we finally arrive at the river, Yumiko looks around the area and murmurs her thoughts.*
Narration: *I can see a few people walking on the roads nearby, but as Yumiko said, the riverbank area itself is almost completely empty.*
Yuuji: Seems just about right to me. It isn't easy to focus on your art when people start playing catch next to you, right?
Yumiko: Yes, but when it's this deserted... I can't help feeling a little sad.
Yuuji: Right...
Narration: *This is something of a special place for us, so I think I can understand how Yumiko feels.*
Yumiko: At least there's a nice breeze today...
Narration: *As we head down the slope toward the water, Yumiko's hair stirs in the gentle wind.*
Yuuji: I know we didn't spend all that much time here, but it makes me feel a little nostalgic to see the place again.
Yumiko: Looking back on it now... our relationship at the time was certainly peculiar.
Yuuji: ...Yeah, it was.
Narration: *When the two of us were coming out here a year ago, I was just her bodyguard, and she was just the woman I'd been assigned to protect.*
Narration: *All she did out here was silently draw or paint in her sketchbooks. I barely ever spoke, either.*
Narration: *But here we are a year later, returning as partners in a romantic relationship. It's almost comical, really.*
Yumiko: Are you planning to lurk behind me and watch in complete silence again?
Yuuji: Well, is your end of the conversation going to consist solely of "I'm going to begin" and "I'm finished"?
Narration: *Yumiko smiles at my joke and shakes her head slightly.*
Yumiko: All right. First of all, can you help me lay out our picnic sheet?
Yuuji: Leave everything to me. I'm an old hand at pitching tents and starting fires.
Yumiko: Coming from you... that almost doesn't sound like a joke...
Michiru: This should be a nice change of pace, right? Can't remember the last time I had a picnic-style lunch!
Sachi: Yes. By your standards, it was quite the splendid idea... I was quite impressed, Michiru-sama.
Michiru: By my standards!? What's that supposed to mean!?
Narration: *Just as I've finished spreading out our picnic sheet, the ominous sound of two nearby voices catches my attention.*
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...Okay then, let me unpack our lunch.
Yuuji: Sure. Appreciate it.
Narration: *However, Yumiko acts as if she hasn't noticed a thing, so I decide to follow her example for now.*
Michiru: Well, we came out this far, so why don't we eat by the river?
Sachi: Indeed. If we're lucky, we might even catch a glimpse of an earless seal.
Michiru: Huh!? Seals!? We have seals around here!?
Sachi: Of course not. Don't be absurd.
Michiru: ...Okay, Sachi. Is it really that fun to crush my hopes and dreams?
Sachi: Absolutely!♪
Michiru: That AIN'T your cue to smiiiiiiiile!!
Narration: *Even as Yumiko spreads our food out on the sheet, the pair of voices draw steadily closer.*
Michiru: Hm? Wait... you see that totally crochet couple having a picnic over there...? Is that Yuuji and Yumiko?
Sachi: I believe you meant to say "cliche," Michiru-sama.
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: What now, Yumiko? We've been spotted.
Yumiko: "Spotted"? I'm sorry, Yuuji. I don't have the slightest idea what you could be referring to...
Narration: *Evidently hoping to avoid a repeat of what happened at the art supply store, Yumiko struggles to maintain her cool.*
Narration: *She seems stubbornly determined to pretend she can't hear our classmates' voices.*
Yumiko: Here, take a look. I tried making sandwiches today, see? I know I'm not much of a cook, but I figured something this simple couldn't turn out too badly.
Yuuji: I see. Those do look pretty good.
Michiru: Heeey. Yumikooo! Yuujiiii!
Sachi: Uhm, Michiru-sama. I hope you'll pardon my saying so, but it might be best not to interrupt them...
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Come on, Yumiko! You heard me just fine, right? What's the big idea!?
Yumiko: ―Why!? For pity's sake, why!?
Michiru: Whaaat!? Now she's yelling right back at me!? You're the one who gave me the cold shoulder!
Sachi: I believe Sakaki-san is asking... why you couldn't show a little tact, for once in your life...
Yumiko: Thank you, Komine-san. You took the words right out of my mouth...
Sachi: I do my best...
Michiru: Wait, does that mean... you guys are kinda on a date or something?
Yumiko: We aren't KINDA on a date! We're right in the middle of one!!
Narration: *Perhaps a bit exasperated by Michiru's belated question, Yumiko responds with a fierce glare and some harshly-spoken words.*
Sachi: Don't worry, Sakaki-san. Under the circumstances, we will of course go elsewhere...
Yuuji: That's all right. If this was your destination, I don't see why you have to leave.
Yumiko: Y-Yuuji!
Narration: *Sighing at the reproachful tone of Yumiko's voice, I turn to look her in the eye...*
Yuuji: Let me ask you this, Yumiko... Do you really want to shoo Michiru and Sachi away?
Narration: *...and put the question to her plainly, with a serious expression on my face.*
Yumiko: U-Uh...
Yuuji: Would you really be happy if we forced them to leave just so we could have a more private date?
Yumiko: Well... when you put it that way... probably not...
Yuuji: In that case, I think these two should stay. Assuming you're all right with that.
Yumiko: ...I'm sorry.
Narration: *Realizing she took things a little too far, Yumiko backs down apologetically.*
Michiru: W-Wow, Yuuji... didn't know you had the guts to say "no" to your girlfriend...
Sachi: Whatever shall I do...? I didn't bring a change of underwear with me today...
Yuuji: You two really blow everything out of proportion...
Yumiko: ...In any case, what brings you two here?
Michiru: We're gonna have us a picnic. They're totally tsundere, right?
Yumiko: ...I don't quite follow your theory.
Sachi: As you can see, I packed us a lunch.
Narration: *Indicating the small bundle she's been carrying in her left hand, Sachi proceeds to untie the wrapping cloth and reveal the lunch box within.*
Yuuji: In a tiered lunch box, no less...
Sachi: Indeed. In accordance with Michiru-sama's requests, I packed us a wide variety of traditional Japanese dishes.
Michiru: On the other hand, it looks like you guys... mainly packed sandwiches, huh?
Yumiko: Yes... my main objective was to do a bit of painting here, so I thought something that's easy to hold would be best.
Michiru: Okay then, why don't we just eat together? I bet it would balance our meals out nicely.
Yumiko: That's true. I have to admit I'm a bit interested in Komine-san's lunch...
Narration: *With the addition of our two classmates, the private lunch we'd been planning abruptly evolves into a small gathering.*
Michiru: Hrrrrrrm...
Narration: *As Sachi sets about unpacking her lunchbox, Michiru studies Yumiko's sandwiches and emits a strange grumbling sound.*
Yumiko: Uhm... is there some problem with the food I prepared, Matsushima-san?
Michiru: Well... I've only got one comment I could make, I guess...
Yumiko: ...A-And what would that be?
Michiru: The food you made actually looks really tasty!
Yumiko: How exactly is that a problem...?
Michiru: Well, I thought your cooking was more like... that miso soup, you know? That stuff even gave Sachi a stomachache, and she's the Perfect Maid!
Sachi: Forget me, Michiru-sama. What about Kazami-san? Not only did he survive the war in the South Pacific, but some believe him to be a cyborg... I think it's far more remarkable that his stomach was upset.
Yuuji: Just for the record, Sachi, I wasn't even alive back then.
Sachi: ...Huh?
Yuuji: Don't look at me with that blank confusion in your eyes. Almost makes me feel like I'm the one being ridiculous here...
Yumiko: All right, you have a point... I can't deny I was responsible for that terrible incident...
Yumiko: But this time, I'm genuinely confident. Please, at least take a bite before you jump to any conclusions!
Yuuji: ...I see. Well, if you're that confident, I don't have any reason to hesitate.
Narration: *Reaching down, I pick one of Yumiko's neatly-packed sandwiches out of our lunchbox.*
Michiru: Wha... Hold on a second, Yuuji!
Yuuji: Don't try to stop me, Michiru.
Michiru: If you die, who's going to take care of Yumiko...?
Yumiko: Look, I know I'm a bad cook, but I've never made anything fatal...
Michiru: This time... I'll lead the charge!
Yuuji: What...? Michiru...
Michiru: Heh heh... let me be the hero every once in a while, why don't you?
Sachi: M-Michiru-sama...
Yumiko: ...Uhm... please stop ignoring me, everyone.
Michiru: Sachi... if I don't come back, I want you to bury me on a hill overlooking the sea...
Sachi: Of course. I won't forget your popsicle-stick grave, either...
Michiru: Umm... couldn't you at least pile up some rocks or something?
Yuuji: You'd be satisfied with that, Michiru...?
Michiru: ...Hooo.
Narration: *Her resolve apparently steeled, Michiru takes a deep breath and reaches for the sandwiches.*
Michiru: ...Have mercy, lord!!
Narration: *With a dramatic cry, she proceeds to jam one forcefully into her mouth.*
Michiru: Om nom... gnom...
Yumiko: W-Well...? Your limbs aren't going numb, are they?
Sachi: A numbness of the limbs...? Are they laced with a neurotoxin of some sort, then?
Yuuji: Whatever the case, it's probably going to take a little while longer before any obvious symptoms manifest themselves...
Michiru: Mmfh! Nnhh!?
Yumiko: Matsushima-san!?
Michiru: ...Huh? It's just plain tasty.
Yumiko: *Sigh*...
Yumiko: Look here... if you thought it was good, then couldn't you react more normally...?
Michiru: Uh, you're the one who made it... I think it tasting good is actually kinda abnormal...
Yumiko: Wha... b... guh!!
Narration: *Realizing that Michiru's actually making sense for once, Yumiko trips awkwardly over her own tongue.*
Michiru: Still... I know you've started learning how to cook, but how'd you get this good so quickly?
Yumiko: It's less that I improved, and more that I chose my menu carefully.
Michiru: Your menu...?
Yumiko: Right. For example, a basic sandwich just involves slicing up ingredients and putting them between slices of bread. They might look sloppy, but it won't taste terrible.
Yuuji: You really thought this through, huh?
Yumiko: Well, I was making a lunch for a very special date. I wanted to be absolutely sure you'd enjoy it...
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Yumiko: ......
Michiru: Hey, Sachi... maybe we should eat someplace else after all?
Sachi: Perhaps so. At this rate, I think my heart may turn to coal...
Yumiko: W-Wait a moment!
Narration: *Sachi and Michiru begin to stand up jokingly, but Yumiko hurries to stop them.*
Yumiko: Since you're here... I'd be very happy if you'd give me a little advice on my cooking, Komine-san...
Sachi: Certainly. It seems you're striving quite earnestly to improve yourself, Sakaki-san... I would be honored to offer whatever assistance I can.
Narration: *Answering with a courteous bow, Sachi proceeds to expressionlessly sample all of the food Yumiko made for today.*
Sachi: ...I see. I believe I've identified the major problem points.
Michiru: Huh...? Already?
Sachi: Yes. First of all, regarding the sandwiches... you've used too much mustard.
Sachi: Many commercial brands have a fairly strong flavor, so making some yourself might be preferable in this case.
Yumiko: Making my own condiments, huh...?
Sachi: Now then, moving on to the fried chicken...
Sachi: The coating was distributed rather unevenly here. You'll likely get better results if you place the meat in a ziplock bag with the mix and then thoroughly massage it.
Yumiko: I didn't know about that trick...
Sachi: Additionally, it's easy for them to come out a bit dry in the end. Spraying a little water on the meat itself will produce more juicy results. 
Yumiko: Just a moment... Add a little water, right?
Narration: *At this point, Yumiko reaches for the nearest available "paper" in order to jot down some notes...*
Yuuji: Hey, Yumiko, that's―
Michiru: ......
Narration: *I reflexively try to intercede, but Michiru quietly shakes her head.*
Narration: *The thing Yumiko's currently writing in isn't just some memo pad. It's the sketchbook she just purchased for the purpose of this painting expedition.*
Narration: *At the moment, I think she's entirely forgotten about her plans for the rest of the afternoon.*
Yumiko: Also, if you don't mind... I'd like to know how to make these fried eggs as well...
Sachi: You're quite discerning, Sakaki-san. This is actually a recipe I learned from Amane-san...
Yuuji: ......
Michiru: Hey, Yuuji. I'm gonna make... a little prediction about your future.
Yuuji: My future?
Michiru: Yep. You made the right choice. Yumiko's going to be a fantastic wife... I guarantee it.
Yuuji: ...Sorry, but I already knew that.
Michiru: Yeah, yeah... Guess you don't need me chiming in at this point, huh?
Narration: *About thirty minutes after Yumiko started jotting down her notes, our little gathering completely transforms into an impromptu cooking class.*
Narration: *We discuss tricks we learned from books or cooking shows, the specialties of Mishima Cape's best restaurants, and express our "expert" opinions on the food in front of us.*
Narration: *What with all the conversation, it takes quite a while to work through the meal itself... but I can't say I really mind.*
Yumiko: Everything in Komine-san's lunch was so carefully made, wasn't it?
Yuuji: Seems like seeing that spread lit a fire under you, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Yes. Our discussion was quite helpful, as well... She taught me about everything from the use of color to nutritional balance.
Yuuji: That so?
Yumiko: Absolutely. Next time I make us a lunch, I'll make sure to put her advice to very good use!
Narration: *Yumiko turns her sketchbook toward me to emphasize the point. By now, it's full of her cooking notes.*
Yuuji: Yeah. Today's lunch was great, so I'm definitely looking forward to the next one.
Yumiko: Right...
Yumiko: Incidentally... what time is it now?
Yuuji: Hrm... about half past six, I think.
Yumiko: Sounds about right. The sun's already starting to set...
Yuuji: Somehow or other, the afternoon just flew by, huh?
Yumiko: It certainly did...
Yumiko: And I didn't manage to paint a single thing...
Narration: *...Realizing that her plans have been completely thrown off by a series unfortunate coincidences, Yumiko abruptly sinks into a state of bitter dejection.*
Yumiko: Yes, I see the problem now... but I don't have the means to overcome it, do I...?
Yuuji: ...Haaa...
Narration: *As I watch Yumiko mumbling sadly to herself, I find myself heaving yet another sigh.*
Narration: *Not to sound like a broken record, but... I do understand how she feels.*
Narration: *Today was supposed to be a "date." But in the end, we've spent the better part of it without much time to ourselves. And our primary objective, the art expedition, didn't really work out.*
Narration: *Yumiko obviously laid out some fairly careful plans for the day, and they ended up going out the window. I can't blame her for feeling a little depressed.*
Narration: *Still... today's "disruptions" weren't all bad. In fact, they came with fairly large upsides. And she doesn't seem to be aware of that.*
Narration: *It's honestly a bit frustrating to watch, considering the way she expressed her feelings to me on the rooftop yesterday.*
Narration: *―Yumiko doesn't realize what she truly wants.*
Narration: *There are some things that matter more to her than spending time with me. Maybe it's my job to help her notice that.*
Yuuji: Well, want to give it a try? We can have us a getaway. Go somewhere far away from our classmates, and everyone else in this town.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: That's the best way to get what you want... right, Yumiko?
Yumiko: What I want...? I don't really "want" anything... except some time alone with you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: ...Right, I know.
Yuuji: In that case, how about somewhere around Nishiizu? They've got nice hot springs in that area, and it's close enough that we could make it a day trip.
Yumiko: A hot springs trip with you...? I'd be very happy if we could manage that... but don't you need permission from work just to leave the prefecture?
Yuuji: Yep. In other words, it's not a problem as long as I get permission beforehand.
Yumiko: Th-Then...
Yuuji: Yeah. I'll submit an application for another day off right away. It's probably going to take a little while before it's approved, though... You okay with that?
Yumiko: ...Yes. I'll be patient.
Yumiko: If it means we can have a date with no interruptions, I'll wait as long as it takes!!

Date: *September 29, 2012, 05:22 - Mihama Academy - School Gate*
Narration: *Perhaps because it's a port city, Mishima Cape wakes up very early.*
Narration: *By four AM, lines of shipping trucks are already speeding down the prefectural highway, carrying fresh marine produce and other goods to the Tokyo area.*
Narration: *Accordingly, the early-morning air's full of a peculiar scent - half "sea breeze," half "exhaust fumes."*
Yuuji: Mm...
Narration: *Lifting my arms up into the air, I slowly bend backward.*
Yuuji: Nothing like an early start to get your day going. Right, Yumiko?
Narration: *As I stretch my body, I speak to the woman at my side.*
Narration: *But strangely, no response is forthcoming.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...?
Narration: *Turning to the side, I find Yumiko crouched down on the ground, hugging her knees miserably.*
Yuuji: What's all this, then? We're going on a date today. Why so gloomy right off the bat?
Narration: *I shake her shoulder lightly, prompting her to emit a long, heavy sigh.*
Yumiko: ...I got carried away.
Yuuji: Pardon?
Yumiko: Yes, you've been rather sweet to me lately. Yes, you invited me on another date. But why on earth did I have to wake up so early... and drag you out here like this...?
Narration: *...Ah, now I get it.*
Narration: *She'd been bubbling over with enthusiasm until just before we left the dorm, so I was wondering why she suddenly stopped talking... Guess that explains that.*
Yumiko: This is exactly why everyone always makes fun of me... I'm so pathetic...
Narration: *...And now the girl's drawing circles in the dirt with her finger. It feels like she's about to turn into a piece of ASCII art through the power of sheer misery.*
Narration: *I honestly wouldn't mind teasing Yumiko a bit more at this point, but I think she might get legitimately angry with me. Probably best to cheer her up instead.*
Yuuji: I don't see a problem. I was happy to see how excited you were.
Yumiko: Huh? R-Really...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Makes me glad I took the time to submit that request for leave.
Narration: *For the moment, I decide not to mention that JB made the process significantly more annoying by grilling me like a nosy mother-in-law.*
Narration: *But I'm not nearly dumb enough to bring up another woman's name just as we're beginning our day together.*
Yumiko: I'm happy to hear you say that, Yuuji...
Narration: *Fortunately, it seems like I've managed to markedly improve Yumiko's mood.*
Yuuji: All right then. Next up, we have to decide how we're getting there...
Narration: *We're getting a very early start. Naturally, Chizuru hasn't even arrived at Mihama yet. And given that this trip's top secret, I can't go back to the dorm and borrow Amane's motorcycle.*
Narration: *None of the usual public transportation options are running yet, either. Getting up early just so we can wait around at the station for an hour would be pretty ridiculous.*
Narration: *Also... if we waste too much time, it's pretty clear that a certain someone who just couldn't wait to start our little "field trip" is going to get even more depressed.*
Yuuji: Guess we can try hitching a ride from one of the trucks, or... Hm?
Narration: *As I look up, I spot the headlights of a smaller sort of vehicle out of the corner of my eye.*
Narration: *After zigging and zagging across the road, the car veers suddenly out of its lane and speeds directly toward us.*
Yumiko: Yuuji... that car's coming right at us...!
Narration: *Noticing the vehicle's erratic behavior, Yumiko draws close to me.*
Yuuji: What the...!?
Narration: *I thought everything was wrapped up neatly... but maybe the danger hasn't truly passed...?*
Yuuji: ...Hm?
Narration: *Although I stiffen up for a moment, the car abruptly swerves away when it's about 50 meters away from us.*
Narration: *Its tires squealing dramatically against the pavement, it slides to a halt at the side of the road.*
Yuuji: ...What was that all about?
Yumiko: I wonder what happened...? Are they all right?
Yuuji: I don't know, but it's hard to imagine why they'd lose control on such a high-visibility stretch of road. There might be something wrong with the driver.
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *At first I was worried someone might be after our lives, but that no longer seems like a realistic possibility.*
Narration: *Out of concern for the driver, we decide to head over to the vehicle and take a closer look.*
Yuuji: Hey, are you all right?
Narration: *Alert for the possibility of a holdup attempt, I approach the car cautiously and knock against the driver-side window.*
Blond Man: Gaaah! Oh, fer chrissakes!!
Narration: *An out-of-place Kansai drawl rings out in the dry morning air.*
Yumiko: Hyaa!
Narration: *Startled by the sudden shout from within, Yumiko jumps backward.*
Blond Man: Makes me drive her all th' way out to th' boondocks, an' when we make it ta her place all I get's a "see ya later"!? What th' hell!! Cant'cha at least give a guy a quickie!? I swear, these Kanto girls are all... Hm?
Narration: *After a good bit of hooting and hollering, the blond man in the car stops ignoring us long enough to glance in my direction. His eyes instantly go wide.*
Blond Man: Hm... Hmmmmmmmmmm!?!?!
Narration: *Leaning out the window, he pushes his face uncomfortably close to mine.*
Blond Man: Oooh! Yer that fella from way back when, aren'tcha!? Been a while, bro!
Yuuji: Uh, right...
Narration: *For some reason, he proceeds to reach out and vigorously shake my hand.*
Yumiko: ...Huh? Do you know this man, Yuuji?
Yuuji: ...No, can't say that I do.
Narration: *Judging from the way he's acting, we've presumably met somewhere before, but I'm honestly drawing a blank.*
Blond Man: Ah, man, that brings m'back. I didn't know what th' heck you were thinkin' when you jumped out inta th' road like that... Sure didn't expect ta get roped into some crazy car chase alluva sudden, I'll tell ya what! 
Yuuji: Oh... ohhh. That was you, wasn't it?
Narration: *The man's words finally trigger a spark of recognition.*
Narration: *On a summer day some time ago, I was forced to chase desperately after a group of kidnappers in order to rescue Yumiko.*
Narration: *In the course of that effort, I briefly "borrowed" a sports car from this blond man in front of us.*
Yuuji: Right, right. How have you been?
Blond Man: How d'you think I've been, bro? Ya left one helluva dent in my Spider's front end... and an even bigger one in m'heart...
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm very sorry about all that...
Narration: *As the result of some dramatic maneuvering that culminated in me hurling a frozen turkey into an airplane engine, his car did suffer fairly extensive damage.*
Blond Man: Nah, bro, it's all good. Some pretty soldier lady who said she works with ya showed up later an' had it fixed up good as new. I ain't holdin' no grudges!
Yuuji: Oh... that a fact?
Narration: *Must have been JB, or maybe Chiara. The company really is thorough about cleaning up after its people... Can't help feeling a bit grateful.*
Yuuji: Hrm... but anyway...
Narration: *Stepping back a little, I take a more careful look at the vehicle in front of me.*
Yuuji: I see you're still driving some damn nice cars.
Narration: *The man's face breaks into an easy grin. Seems like he was waiting for me to say something.*
Blond Man: Ain't she a beaut!? This here's a brand-new Loxus LFA! I was so happy she finally came in that I ended up drivin' her all th' way out here!
Narration: *The Spider he was driving last time was an incredibly expensive car in its own right, but an LFA's... definitely not something you see every day.*
Narration: *Loxus is the ultimate luxury brand of Japan's largest car manufacturer, and the LFA is its top-of-the-line custom-order supercar.*
Narration: *The price has to be at least three times that of their "flagship" Saloon or LS models.*
Yuuji: So this is cutting-edge Japanese tech at work, huh? Looks like a real feat of precision manufacturing.
Blond Man: Oh man, took th' words right outta my mouth! Ya won't get this kinda attention ta detail from th' Europeans!
Yuuji: I hear Loxus has some pretty impressive service, too. Don't they roll out a red carpet for you in a reception room when you're signing the papers?
Blond Man: Ooh, right, right! That made me so happy, bro! I just opened th' door a little, and they were goin' all "Very impressive, sir"! Felt great, I'll tell ya!
Yuuji: Yeah, you've seriously got one nice ride here...
Narration: *The man's face glows with pride as he sings the praises of his LFA.*
Narration: *Leaning in close to his beak of a nose, I repeat myself in a deliberate tone of voice.*
Yuuji: ...A very nice ride.
Blond Man: ......
Blond Man: ...Huh?
Blond Man: Yeeeeooooogh...!!!
Narration: *In inverse proportion to the man's fading shriek, the needle in the speedometer soars steadily upward.*
Yuuji: Ooh! This feels great!
Narration: *It's my first time actually riding in one of these things. The acceleration's powerful enough to make my whole body tremble.*
Narration: *And unlike the Spider, you can really tell you're controlling a massive, solid hunk of metal. It's a pretty damn good feeling.*
Narration: *My body's definitely feeling the g-force, but the frame of the car itself stays remarkably stable.*
Yuuji: This truly is a magnificent car...!
Blond Man: O-Of course it is, bro! How much d'you think it cost...!?!
Yuuji: Hrm... Whatever you paid for this, it's well worth the investment. Why don't we push her a little further...?
Narration: *With no further ado, I slam down on the accelerator.*
Narration: *The g-forces on my shoulders instantly grow even more intense. It almost feels like my hands are floating forward in space.*
Blond Man: Mwoooooh! Y-Yer goin' too fast, bro, too fast! Look at the meter, man! C'mon! Please!
Yuuji: What? Please. Doing the speed limit in a beast like this would be downright disrespectful. Let's kick it up a notch...
Blond Man: 「Heeeeeeaaaaaaaahhhh!!!
Narration: *As my blond friend's pressed back into his seat by the g-force, his attempt at speech slurs incoherently into a high-pitched little shriek.*
Blond Man: H-Hey, come on, miss, ya gotta say somethin' too! Yer boyfriend's off his rocker, fer real!
Narration: *Desperation in his eyes, he reaches out and shakes Yumiko, who's sitting quietly in the passenger seat.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *However, she offers no response whatsoever.*
Blond Man: ......
Blond Man: ...T-Th' poor kid's shell-shocked...
Yuuji: Here we go. Last straightaway, coming up!
Narration: *As I pull sharply around the corner, a long, straight stretch of road opens up before me.*
Narration: *And once more, I push my right foot fiercely down on the accelerator.*
Blond Man: 「Fumbwwoooooooh...!!!!!
Yumiko: ......
Yuuji: ...Look, I know I got carried away, and I'm sorry. Can you try to just forgive me, Yumiko?
Narration: *As I offer her my earnest apologies, Yumiko responds by muttering resentfully under her breath.*
Yumiko: ...I said you were going too fast... I TOLD you I was scared...
Yuuji: Seriously, I'm sorry. I couldn't hear you.
Narration: *I convinced the man to give us a ride, and he even allowed me to take the wheel of his car. All well and good.*
Narration: *But then I decided Yumiko might enjoy a pleasant little joy-ride... and regrettably, that attempt at kindness seems to have completely backfired.*
Narration: *To make matters worse, I got so entranced by the car's performance that I ended up driving like something of a maniac.*
Yuuji: I haven't been behind the wheel in a while, and... I just got caught up in the moment. It won't happen again, okay? I really am sorry.
Narration: *I'm confident I wasn't putting Yumiko (or the blond man, for that matter) in any real danger, but that's no excuse for scaring the living daylights out of them.*
Narration: *It wouldn't be right to turn this one into a joke. She deserves a sincere apology.*
Yumiko: W-Well... I suppose you need to cut loose every once in a while, Yuuji... I'm not really upset.
Yuuji: Hm... O-Okay...
Narration: *Yumiko's attitude changes so suddenly that I'm caught flat-footed.*
Narration: *Maybe this is those "tsundere lessons" at work...? It's probably better not to ask, though. Might end up fanning the flames of her anger.*
Yumiko: Wow...
Narration: *About ten minutes after we got out of the car and started walking, we arrive at the hot spring town where we'll be spending the day.*
Narration: *This place is one of the more popular vacation spots in Nishiizu. Although it's still early in the morning, there's already a few tourists out and about.*
Yuuji: They took a while giving me another day off, so I asked around. Everyone said this is a great place to relax.
Yumiko: You asked around...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Don't worry, though. I talked to my coworkers, not our classmates.
Yumiko: I-I see... Good. We should be all right, then.
Narration: *Breathing a sigh of relief, Yumiko returns to looking around the area.*
Narration: *Almost all of the tourists on the streets seem to be couples dressed in yukatas. A few of the pairs don't look that much older than us.*
Narration: *Fixing her gaze on a young man and woman engaged in some cheerful window-shopping, Yumiko murmurs a comment to no one in particular. *
Yumiko: This almost feels like a honeymoon trip...
Yuuji: Hm? You say something?
Yumiko: Nothing! N-Nothing at all!
Yuuji: I see. Thought I heard something about this feeling like a honeymoon trip...
Yumiko: S-So you heard me after all!?
Narration: *As Yumiko blushes angrily, I reach out and wrap my arms around her.*
Yumiko: Kyah...!
Narration: *Yumiko looks up at me with bewilderment in her eyes, her face even redder than before.*
Yumiko: C-Come on... everyone's staring, Yuuji.
Yuuji: Who cares? Let's show them how affectionate we are.
Yumiko: Wait, that's... mmh!
Narration: *I strengthen my embrace and hold Yumiko still.*
Narration: *After a moment, she stops squirming. Patting her head gently, I bring my mouth to her ear.*
Yumiko: What's gotten into you...?
Narration: *Seems she's still perplexed by the sudden hug. Might as well enlighten her.*
Yuuji: Just wanted to make sure you knew... we really are on our own here.
Yumiko: Oh...
Narration: *I hear Yumiko inhale sharply. From the rhythm of her breathing, I can tell her heartbeat's growing faster.*
Yuuji: Today's just for the two of us... let's not think about anything except each other. All right?
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: Okay...!
Narration: *With a big nod, she extracts herself from my arms for the moment.*
Yumiko: I-In that case... I've actually got a favor to ask... if you don't mind?
Narration: *For some reason, her gaze seems a bit hesitant... even shy.*
Yuuji: Of course. I'll do anything you want.
Yumiko: Right... okay then...
Narration: *Slipping up next to me, she takes hold of my left arm...*
Narration: *And proceeds to entwine both of hers around it, a smile of childish delight spreading across her face.*
Yumiko: I've always wanted to walk with you like this, you know.
Yuuji: What, is that all?
Yumiko: What do you mean, "is that all"...? This means a great deal to me, for the record...
Narration: *Even as she pouts, Yumiko's voice stays bright and cheerful.*
Yumiko: ...I mean, it's almost like we're newlyweds...
Narration: *I hear her loud and clear this time, but decide to pretend otherwise.*
Yumiko: Well then... let's get going, Yuuji!
Yuuji: Right.
Narration: *Arm in arm, we set off down the broad streets of the hot spring town.*
Narration: *Thanks to our unusually early arrival, there aren't all that many pedestrians out yet. It's the ideal time for a leisurely stroll around the area.*
Yumiko: This place is quite large... I'm a little surprised.
Yuuji: Yeah. It's apparently been here forever, but they've been getting a lot of attention lately.
Yumiko: Hmmm...
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *Yumiko seems to be enjoying the walk, but... every once in a while, she flinches slightly and then looks carefully around the area.*
Yuuji: What's got you so jumpy?
Yumiko: W-Well... I can't help wondering if someone's watching us, that's all...
Narration: *I did my best to reassure her earlier, but it seems the girl's still a bit anxious.*
Narration: *I'm not sure if she's just worried about our classmates, or if having men in suits stalking us for months left her a bit traumatized. Whatever the case, I don't think this nervous energy is doing her much good.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Yumiko: What is it, Yuu... nnh? Mnnnh...!!
Narration: *The instant Yumiko turns to face me, I press my lips to hers.*
Yumiko: Mnn... nnh...
Narration: *Her eyes dart self-consciously around the area... but she doesn't actually try to break the kiss.*
Yumiko: Nn... haaa...
Narration: *After enjoying myself fully, I finally pull away. By this point, Yumiko's eyes are full of bliss, but she still does her best to narrow them into a glare.*
Yumiko: H-Honestly... where did that come from...?
Yuuji: I told you to relax, but you obviously didn't get the message. Thought that warranted a punishment.
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ...A-All right, I understand... You want me to be bold as brass, do you?
Yuuji: Exactly.
Yumiko: All right... I'll do that, then...
Narration: *Craning her neck slightly, she retaliates with a kiss to my cheek.*
Yuuji: Oh-hoh...?
Narration: *...Naturally, her face is bright red a moment afterward.*
Yumiko: Come on, then. L-Let's go to the next shop!
Narration: *With that, she begins to stomp forcefully forward, pulling me along by the arm.*
Narration: *Rather than teasing us, everyone else in the area watches a bit nervously. Guess they can see the intensity in her eyes.*
Yuuji: ...Good grief.
Narration: *Smiling wryly, I follow in the footsteps of my oddly competitive and easily-embarrassed girlfriend.*
Yumiko: Wow, that's quite a lot of steam...
Narration: *Most of the little town's various gift shops have baskets out in front, all of which seem to be emitting impressive clouds of white steam.*
Yuuji: Hot spring buns, huh? Hear they're a local specialty of sorts.
Yumiko: Ah, right. Amane brings these back with her every once in a while, doesn't she?
Yuuji: Yeah. I'm sure they're even better freshly-made, though.
Yumiko: Hmm...
Narration: *Calling over the owner of the shop, I buy us a pair of freshly-steamed buns.*
Narration: *After Yumiko takes hers, we both dig in.*
Yumiko: This is delicious!
Narration: *Instants later, Yumiko's face blossoms into a smile.*
Yuuji: The freshness really does make a difference, doesn't it? I've never had one this good before.
Narration: *Of course... if we let that convince us to buy some and bring them back, they probably won't taste nearly this delicious by the time we get there...*
Yumiko: These really are great. Let's buy a bunch to bring back to the dorm.
Yuuji: W-Well, why don't we worry about that after we've looked around a bit more?
Yumiko: Uh, right...
Narration: *Yumiko looks a bit puzzled by the way I deflected her enthusiastic suggestion.*
Narration: *...If her excitement doesn't fade, I guess it wouldn't really hurt to buy a few later. A little disappointment can add some flavor to a trip, in a way.*
Yumiko: If Matsushima-san were here, she'd probably be squawking about buying up the entire shop...
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: What's wrong, Yuuji? Is there some reason you're staring at me...?
Yuuji: Nah, it's nothing that important. Let's head to the next shop, shall we?
Yumiko: Uh, sure...
Narration: *Once we get outside the hot spring buns area, we find ourselves among noticeably older groups of tourists. Many of the things being sold here are pickled vegetables, boiled fish, and similarly salty souvenirs.*
Yumiko: Everything's a lot plainer all of a sudden...
Yuuji: Well, sure. Hot springs usually draw a pretty elderly crowd, you know?
Yumiko: I suppose you're right... Oh! Those pickled vegetables look tasty...
Narration: *Moments after calling the food "plain," Yumiko's already reaching out for a free sample.*
Yumiko: Yeah. They're picked perfectly... Why don't you try some too, Yuuji?
Yuuji: Sure, why not?
Narration: *Picking out a small morsel with the provided chopsticks, I drop it onto my palm before tossing it into my mouth.*
Narration: *The lingering fragrance of shiso leaves adds a nice accent to the refreshing flavor of the salt-pickled vegetables.*
Yumiko: Pretty good, don't you think?
Yuuji: Yeah, definitely. Bet it would go great with a meal.
Yumiko: I expect Amane would be a much harsher critic, though. They take their pickled vegetables very seriously where she's from.
Narration: *As Amane's name leaves her mouth, Yumiko chuckles softly.*
Narration: *Come to think of it... she wasn't nearly this comfortable taking samples of food until she started going to the supermarket with Amane on a regular basis.*
Yuuji: Yeah. If Amane were here, she'd probably say her homemade stuff's better... and get herself into a glaring contest with the store's owner.
Yumiko: Right. And I think she'd actually end up winning, too...
Narration: *As the words leave Yumiko's mouth, there's a remarkably gentle smile on her face.*
Narration: *A few minutes later, we find ourselves in front of an establishment that... certainly stands out.*
Yumiko: A weapons shop...?
Yuuji: That's what the sign says, at least.
Narration: *The sign in question is shaped like a giant shuriken; the name of the shop's written on it in large, bold brushstrokes.*
Narration: *Inside, we find piles of swords and chain-sickles on the shelves, and heaps of shields lying on the floor. Behind the counter, where you'd usually expect to see a few t-shirts, they've hung suits of chain mail.*
Narration: *I guess places like this are comparable to those gift shops where tourists buy wooden swords for some inexplicable reason... but the range and realism of the "weaponry" on display in here places it in a league of its own.*
Narration: *My assumption was that Yumiko would find an enthusiast shop like this completely uninteresting, but...*
Yumiko: Look at this, Yuuji! It's a real poison needle!
Yuuji: Calm yourself, Yumiko. They would have shut this place down a long time ago if that thing was real.
Yumiko: What's this... a golden claw? Feels like it might increase your random encounter rate.
Yuuji: ...Well, that's a surprise.
Narration: *Contrary to my expectations, she's bursting with enthusiasm from the moment we walk in the door.*
Narration: *Then again, I guess she does spend a decent amount of time in the dorm playing games and browsing the internet. And she reads plenty of novels, too. It isn't that surprising she'd see the appeal of this stuff...*
Yuuji: And besides... ah!
Yumiko: Yuuji... you just thought something rather rude, didn't you?
Yuuji: Uh... N-No... of course not.
Yumiko: Really...?
Yuuji: Yeah. Uh, look at this, Yumiko. They've got some Western-fantasy style helmets lying around over here.
Yumiko: Huh? Where?
Narration: *Fortunately, I manage to direct Yumiko's attention elsewhere.*
Narration: *...Suggesting a connection between her fondness for box cutters and her interest in this shop definitely wouldn't have been wise.*
Yumiko: Ah, I see. I think Komine-san might like this helmet, actually.
Yuuji: Oh...?
Yumiko: And here... look at this morning-star. Doesn't it just scream Irisu-san?
Yuuji: Well... sure.
Narration: *Darting happily around the shop, Yumiko picks out various pieces of battle gear and assigns them to the dorm's residents.*
Yuuji: (Figured as much...)
Narration: *She might want to be alone with me, but in the end, she can't quite stop thinking about her friends back in Mihama.*
Narration: *Normally, that kind of dependence might be seen as a negative thing. But in Yumiko's case, I think it's a sign of some real progress.*
Narration: *Just wish she was aware of it herself. She'd probably be able to interact with them more naturally if she was.*
Narration: *It doesn't feel like we've been strolling around the stores for that long, but the morning's already flown past.*
Narration: *I'm halfway through suggesting that we take a break for lunch when Yumiko raises a hand to interrupt me. She proceeds to look carefully around the area for... something or other.*
Yuuji: What are you looking for?
Yumiko: Sorry, just a second... Ah, this looks perfect. Let's go.
Narration: *We turn and head in the direction Yumiko indicated.*
Narration: *The path leads us to a small park with a warm footbath that's open to the public.*
Yuuji: I see. So this is what you were after...
Narration: *Practically the moment Yumiko places her feet in the water, she's opening up the picnic basket she brought with us and retrieving our lunch from within.*
Narration: *Conveniently, there's a table in front of us for food and drinks; with the warm water below us, it almost feels like I'm sitting at a traditional kotatsu.*
Yumiko: Yes. I did plan ahead for today, you know? Come on, Yuuji. Open wide...
Narration: *I think we're going to draw some attention, but... Yumiko definitely won't be pleased if I leave her hanging.*
Narration: *I hold my mouth open, allowing her to gently place a piece of fried egg inside it.*
Narration: *While it's definitely a bit rude, memories of past disasters inspire me to chew somewhat cautiously...*
Yuuji: ...It's good.
Narration: *But fortunately, my fears prove unfounded. The familiar taste of a traditional Japanese-style fried egg spreads pleasantly through my mouth.*
Yumiko: Really? Thank goodness...!
Narration: *Visibly relaxing, Yumiko breathes a sigh of relief.*
Narration: *From the looks of things, I'm willing to bet she practiced pretty intensely with Amane to make this meal possible.*
Yumiko: All right, go ahead and try everything else! If the fried eggs came out well, the rest of it should be fine too...
Yuuji: Sure, I'll do that.
Narration: *Leaning forward slightly, I take a closer look at the lunch Yumiko made us.*
Narration: *I can see why she's so confident. The little trays are packed full of surprisingly high-quality side dishes.*
Narration: *In particular, there's quite a few Kansai-style boiled "obanzai" dishes. You can definitely see her master's influence at work.*
Yuuji: Yeah, this really is impressive. You're definitely getting... uh, Yumiko...?
Narration: *As I'm savoring a piece of beef wrapped neatly in seaweed, I happen to glance over at Yumiko.*
Narration: *She's facing my way, but I definitely don't have her attention. It looks like she's staring far off into the distance.*
Yuuji: Hey. Yumiko?
Yumiko: Huh? Oh, Yuuji? What's the matter?
Narration: *Finally realizing that I'm speaking, Yumiko hurriedly shakes her head and smiles.*
Yuuji: That's my line. What's the matter with you all of a sudden? 
Yumiko: O-Oh, it's nothing...
Yuuji: ...Really?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *After meeting my gaze for a moment, Yumiko lets out a little sigh.*
Yumiko: It's just... when we're alone like this, I... feel a little restless sometimes.
Yuuji: Restless...? Am I making you nervous somehow?
Yumiko: No, no. Nothing like that. I'm not entirely sure how to put this... I like spending time with you, and it makes me happy, but when we're alone like this, sometimes it feels... a little unnatural.
Yumiko: That's just strange, isn't it? Don't mind me, really. I'm sure it'll pass.
Narration: *Smiling halfheartedly, she tries to downplay her feelings.*
Yuuji: (Seems like I was right on the money...)
Narration: *Little by little, Yumiko's friends are finding their way deeper into her heart.*
Narration: *She may not realize it herself just yet, but on an emotional level, the change seems to be well underway. It shouldn't be too long before the truth dawns on her.*
Yuuji: Yeah. I think you'll be getting past that soon enough.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Narration: *As I pat her on the head, Yumiko looks at me with bewilderment in her eyes.*
Narration: *After all the time she spent rejecting any kind of contact with others, she's finally trying to find her way back into a social circle of sorts.*
Narration: *That's no less worthy of celebration than the victory which brought peace to our lives.*
Yumiko: We certainly did a lot of walking today, didn't we?
Yuuji: Yeah, we've been wandering around ever since this morning. Don't think there's many places we haven't seen by now.
Narration: *Even after our lunch, we ended up spending nearly a half a day sightseeing around the area.*
Narration: *Among other things, we visited historic ruins at the top of a nearby hill, and stopped by a viewing platform from which Mt. Fuji's visible. It might have been boring without each other's company, but Yumiko seemed to enjoy the experience.*
Yumiko: So... what should we do now?
Yuuji: Well, I've made reservations at an inn, of course...
Narration: *My answer's delivered casually enough, but for some reason, it prompts my girlfriend to avert her eyes bashfully.*
Yuuji: Sorry. Why are you getting all shy about that?
Yumiko: Huh? Because... you know...
Narration: *Her voice barely above a whisper, Yumiko hesitantly continues.*
Yumiko: Uhm... I know it's obvious, but... we're going to be spending the night together...
Yuuji: ......
Narration: *...This girl, I swear.*
Narration: *It hasn't been that long since she threw herself at me in a bunny girl suit, and now she's going all pure and innocent? Is she deliberately messing with me? Is there something wrong with her memory?*
Narration: *...How many times have I fallen for that look she's got on her face right now?*
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Yumiko: Yes...? Kya!
Narration: *Pulling Yumiko into my arms, I bring my mouth to her ear.*
Narration: *She needs to hear every word of this.*
Yuuji: Tonight, I'll show you a whole new world.
Yumiko: Huh? Uh, I, um... Yuuji...?
Yuuji: You don't fight fair, woman. No matter how much experience you get, you always act like it's your first time. I never seem to get the upper hand. But this time, I'm going to make damn sure you can't forget about me.
Yumiko: Ah... aah...
Yuuji: That's all I wanted to say. Let's get going, shall we?
Narration: *From all appearances, Yumiko's been struck by a sudden fever. Her eyes are glassy and unfocused.*
Narration: *I end up having to practically carry her up the hill to our inn.*
Narration: *The place we're staying at tonight is situated at a nice high location, and the view from our room's spectacular.*
Narration: *Dinner was fairly simple, nothing too extravagant, but well worth the money I spent on it.*
Narration: *...Of course, even if it hadn't lived up to expectations, I doubt Yumiko would have cared much in her current state.*
Yumiko: .........
Narration: *Apparently my little declaration earlier had something of an effect. Her head's been up in the clouds all evening, and there's a constant flush on her cheeks.*
Yuuji: Want to get in the bath, Yumiko?
Yumiko: Okay...
Narration: *Without the slightest resistance, she begins removing her yukata.*
Narration: *One of the main selling points of this inn is the family-sized bath that comes with every room.*
Narration: *The privacy that offers was part of the reason I chose this place, but looking at Yumiko's current condition, I'm doubly thankful for their system.*
Narration: *...When the girl's in heat like this, I wouldn't want to leave her alone anywhere. Not even the bath.*
Yuuji: (Maybe I went a little overboard earlier...)
Narration: *As we enter the bath together, Yumiko slowly drifts closer to me.*
Narration: *In response, I take her into my arms and stroke her back gently.*
Yumiko: Honestly... why'd you have to say something like that...?
Narration: *Somewhat belatedly, she murmurs a complaint about my comment.*
Yumiko: Because of what you told me earlier... I barely even noticed the food, or the scenery...
Yuuji: Seemed that way, yeah.
Yumiko: ...Your body's been the only thing on my mind this entire time.
Narration: *A gentle breeze clears the steam between us; in the faint light of the outdoor bath, Yumiko's body comes into view.*

Narration: *Having enjoyed a lengthy soak in the bath, the two of us head out for a night stroll on the beach.*
Narration: *There's a large swimming spot not far from here, so the area immediately next to our inn is surprisingly quiet.*
Narration: *At a glance, there doesn't seem to be anyone else out on the sand.*
Yumiko: The night's still young, but there's no one around...
Yuuji: Well, the shops all seem to close up pretty early here. Without any entertainment, there's not much reason to go out.
Narration: *The night sky's clear, except for a pale crescent moon and a few thin wisps of cloud.*
Narration: *Apart from a boisterous chorus of chirping insects, the world seems to have fallen completely silent.*
Yumiko: The stars are so beautiful, though...
Yuuji: The stars, huh...?
Narration: *Following Yumiko's example, I crane my neck back a little. The black expanse above us is full of countless twinkling lights.*
Narration: *The air's clean enough in Mishima Cape, but the stars in Nishiizu feel so close that I'm tempted to reach up and touch them.*
Yuuji: ...Yeah. They're beautiful, all right.
Yumiko: Aren't they?
Narration: *As Yumiko smiles gently, I move to her side, and we proceed to stroll slowly along the beach.*
Narration: *There's something distinctly calm and mature about the look on her face. Makes for quite a contrast with the way she behaved this afternoon.*
Narration: *A few hours ago, she was grinning in childish delight as we walked arm-in-arm...*
Narration: *A little later, she was happily stuffing her face full of steamed buns...*
Narration: *And not too long after that, her eyes were sparkling as we looked around that odd souvenir shop. Practically every hour, I got to see a totally new expression.*
Narration: *I guess little "discoveries" like that are one of the special privileges that come with being a boyfriend.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *After a while, I realize Yumiko's smiling to herself as we walk.*
Narration: *Seeing that, I find myself hoping that she's thinking something as sappy as I am. Guess I'm starting to get used to this whole "boyfriend" deal.*
Yumiko: ...Uhm, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Yeah?
Yumiko: I'm still... an inexperienced person. There isn't much I'm good for.
Yuuji: ...Yumiko?
Yumiko: I'm terrible at cleaning. I make mistakes in the kitchen. Sometimes I get carried away and cause you all sorts of headaches...
Yumiko: That's just how I am right now.
Yumiko: But it's also the reason I want to improve myself... and today, I realized that all over again.
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *In the face of Yumiko's earnest "confession," I offer only the simplest of responses.*
Yumiko: I'm... very glad... I got the chance to come here with you, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Yeah. I feel exactly the same way.
Yumiko: Right...
Narration: *Following my example, Yumiko replies only briefly.*
Narration: *We don't need to say anything more to convey our feelings. There's something very satisfying about that.*
Yumiko: I had a lot of fun today, you know.
Yuuji: ......
Yumiko: It made me happy that you took my wish so seriously... And I know you worked hard to make this day possible...
Yumiko: ...So thank you, Yuuji.
Narration: *Right now, Yumiko can express her gratitude simply and naturally.*
Narration: *That might not sound like much, but it's clear proof of how much she's changed.*
Yuuji: ...Well, I'm glad you've enjoyed yourself.
Narration: *"Nobody wants your apologies. Try gratitude instead."*
Narration: *I spoke those words to Yumiko on an airplane, what feels like a lifetime ago; and now, she's living by them. More than anything else, that makes me happy.*
Yumiko: Yeah...
Narration: *Yumiko nods firmly to herself.*
Narration: *Despite my best efforts, I can't suppress a mildly wicked smirk.*
Yuuji: That said, it's a little early to be thanking me.
Yumiko: What do you mean...?
Narration: *Ignoring Yumiko's question, I glance down at my wristwatch.*
Yuuji: ...It's about time. Look up at the sky, Yumiko.
Yumiko: The sky...?
Narration: *Craning her neck back, Yumiko stares upward.*
Narration: *Apart from the moon and the twinkling stars, the sky above us is dark and empty...*
Narration: *But suddenly, with a dramatic "boom," it's filled with light.*
Yumiko: Wha...?
Narration: *Red. Blue. Yellow. Bursts of brilliant color spread across the black canvas of the sky, then scatter and fade.*
Narration: *One after another, the sounds of explosions fill the air; more and more lights rise up and bloom in the darkness, their colors blending together.*
Narration: *We're not far from the place where they're being launched. Although the quantity of fireworks is relatively modest, their sheer size and power is almost overwhelming.*
Yumiko: It's so beautiful...
Narration: *In the light of the fireworks, Yumiko's white skin is dyed fantastical shades of red and blue.*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Captivated by the constant barrage of light and sound, she stares fixedly at the spectacle unfolding before us.*
Narration: *Ever since she was very young, Yumiko's dreamed of seeing a fireworks show up close.*
Narration: *Her face is filled with the innocent wonder of a child seeing "magic" performed for the very first time.*
Yumiko: Did you know this was going to happen?
Yuuji: Yep.
Yumiko: I'm so happy... So you remembered what I said?
Narration: *Not long ago, Yumiko told me about the small wish she's carried with her since childhood.*
Narration: *Now that it's been granted... if a bit belatedly... the smile on her face speaks of both loneliness and relief.*
Narration: *Is she thinking of the isolated girl she used to be? Or savoring the happiness she's found in the present?*
Narration: *Only Yumiko could say for sure. But whatever the case may be, I think she's put another piece of emotional baggage behind her for good.*
Yumiko: I didn't know... they were holding a fireworks display today...
Yuuji: Of course not. This is a private show for us, after all.
Yumiko: Uh... what do you mean?
Yuuji: I mean exactly what I said. We made the necessary preparations, and we set off these fireworks. Simple as that.
Yumiko: Wait, what? "Simple as that"...? I don't understand. Aren't fireworks shows like this incredibly expensive?
Yuuji: Yeah, of course.
Narration: *Despite my casual response, Yumiko watches the colors burst across the sky with an expression of growing dismay.*
Yumiko: You must have spent... far too much money on this...
Yuuji: If the cash was coming out of my wallet, I'd be inclined to agree with you.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: Remember what Chizuru said... about the school's leftover money?
Yumiko: Yes... she told everyone to think about ways we could...
Narration: *Halfway through her sentence, Yumiko's eyes go wide with shock.*
Yumiko: Wait, you don't mean...!
Yuuji: That's right. We all agreed to spend it on this fireworks display for you.
Yumiko: Huh...? But that money was for everyone...
Yuuji: And "everyone" decided that this was the best possible use for it.
Yumiko: ...They did?
Narration: *Yumiko looks down with guilt in her eyes.*
Yumiko: I don't... deserve that...
Yuuji: Why not?
Yumiko: Really, just think about it.
Yumiko: The only reason I made it back to the academy is because everyone helped us... and they're all taking the time to tutor me, at my request... but I lose my temper with them every single time they tease me...
Yumiko: I haven't done a single thing to repay them, you know?
Yumiko: And now this, on top of everything else...? I feel like I owe them an apo...
Yuuji: ...No apologies, Yumiko.
Yumiko: ...!
Narration: *Just as Yumiko's about to fall back on one of her bad habits, I gently intercede.*
Yuuji: If you've got energy to spend on feeling guilty, then use it to show your gratitude.
Yumiko: My gratitude...?
Narration: *After a moment of thought, Yumiko nods emphatically.*
Yumiko: Yes... you're right. I'll have to thank them...
Narration: *One after the other, the colorful fireworks light up the night sky.*
Narration: *For a while, we simply watch in entranced silence.*
Yumiko: ...They're so beautiful. I wish everyone was here to see them...
Narration: *Still staring up at the sky, Yumiko murmurs a few heartfelt words.*
Yuuji: What? Don't like being alone with me?
Yumiko: No, that's not it. I love being with you, but...
Yumiko: I suppose it's not really the only thing I've wanted.
Yuuji: Oh...?
Yumiko: I want to learn more about cooking from Amane...
Yumiko: I want... to clean the courtyard in a silly maid outfit...
Yumiko: How can I put this...? I want to run around making a fuss... to laugh and shout a little...
Yumiko: It's true that I wanted more time alone with you... but to tell the truth, I think the time we all spend together is what matters most.
Narration: *As the words leave her mouth, she offers me her brightest smile of the day.*
Narration: *Now that she's sorted all that out, I suppose there's no longer any reason to hide the truth. *
Yuuji: Well, everyone... you heard the lady.
Yumiko: Huh?
Narration: *Once I give the signal, a number of familiar faces emerge from the thicket behind us.*
Makina: C'mon, Onii-chan. Ain't ya spoilin' th' surprise a little too early?
Yuuji: You think? Felt like the perfect moment to me...
Sachi: No, no. You really should have gotten her even more worked up. Our grand entrance would have been far more effective if she was already in tears.
Yuuji: Hrm... My bad.
Yumiko: Uhm... wait. Have you all... been there the entire time?
Michiru: Yep. It isn't every day you put on a fireworks show, right? Of course we'd all watch it together! Too bad Yuuji totally botched the timing.
Amane: The actual plan had us popping up a bit later, you know? Yuuji let the cat out of the bag way too quickly. Hope he's not this premature in bed!
Yuuji: Look, people...
Narration: *Even putting aside Amane's vulgar attempt at a joke, I don't think I really deserve this level of criticism.*
Narration: *...Guess I'll write it off as a bit of jealousy over us coming out here alone.*
Amane: Well, there you have it. Sorry, Yumiko... we sorta tagged along! Hope you're not too mad.
Narration: *Rather than answering Amane, Yumiko hangs her head in silence.*
Makina: ...Wuh-oh. Is it just me, or is Yumi-chan ac'shully super pissed?
Michiru: Hold on! This isn't my fault, okay? I'm the one who came up with the idea! Wait, no! That's not what I meant!
Sachi: Michiru-sama... Michiru-sama! Please calm yourself!
Amane: Uhm... Sorry, Yumiko. Are you mad for real?
Narration: *Just as our classmates are starting to panic, Yumiko suddenly looks up at them...*
Yumiko: ...Thank you, everyone.
Narration: *And with a truly vibrant smile on her face, she expresses her gratitude.*
Michiru: Eeek, I'm sorr... huh?
Makina: Huh? Ya weren't angry after all?
Yumiko: Why would I be? There's nothing to be angry about, is there?
Amane: Uh, well... we sorta intruded on your private time, right?
Narration: *Yumiko shakes her head slowly.*
Yumiko: It's true that I wanted more time alone with Yuuji. And at first, it did make me very happy. But...
Sachi: But...?
Yumiko: I realized... a daily life like mine is the sort of "problem" anyone would be lucky to have.
Narration: *Little by little, Yumiko's come to understand the nature of her situation.*
Narration: *And now, she's finally able to express it in her own words.*
Yumiko: So... thank you, everyone. I've been happy for quite some time already...
Yumiko: ...Thanks to all of you.
Everyone: ......
Narration: *For a long moment, everyone stares at Yumiko in shock.*
Narration: *But just as the silence is beginning to grow slightly uncomfortable...*
Michiru: Pffft! Gah, I can't take any more of this!
Narration: *...a certain bottle-blonde predictably feels the need to explode.*
Yumiko: Matsushima-san...?
Narration: *As concern spreads across Yumiko's face, Michiru jabs a finger emphatically in her direction.*
Michiru: Look, Yumiko. When you're gonna unleash a dere-blast that powerful, you need to build up to it! That was way too sudden! I thought I was gonna die!
Amane: Yumiko's "thank you" really does pack a punch, doesn't it...?
Sachi: I must admit, I very nearly fainted.
Makina: Dammit... this "dere" stuff ain't nothin' to mess with. Yer standard little sister character don't stand a chance...
Narration: *Faced with an unexpected chorus of acclaim, Yumiko's left quite obviously perplexed.*
Yumiko: Huh? Uhm... that isn't... a bad thing, right...?
Michiru: Of course not! It's super good! You're way too talented, okay? You oughta be more grateful for your gifts!
Yumiko: Oh, okay...
Michiru: ...And for the record, you've done a lot for us, too.
Yumiko: Matsushima-san...?
Michiru: I didn't say anything!
Narration: *Apparently looking to draw attention away from her remark, Michiru walks over and pushes Yumiko in my direction.*
Michiru: All right. You two probably didn't even take a picture together, did you? Guess I'll help you out. Go on, line up!
Yuuji: Hm... Come to think of it, we didn't take a single photo, did we...?
Yumiko: N-Now that you mention it...
Narration: *Michiru's not usually so open about her thoughtfulness. Something about this bothers me slightly, but I'm still grateful.*
Narration: *...Then again... when my instincts start nagging me like this, they often end up proving accurate in the long run...*
Michiru: Gimme your phone, Makina. Yours has the best camera, right?
Narration: *Not waiting for a response, Michiru snatches the cell phone in question out of Makina's hands.*
Makina: Uh, that's fine with me, Chiruchiru, but ya gotta put it in th' right mode first...
Michiru: Okay then! Line up, you two!
Narration: *The moment Michiru speaks these words...*
Narration: *I realize the vague uneasiness inside me is rapidly transforming into a clear premonition of impending disaster.*
Narration: *Makina's cell phone... isn't just capable of taking photos.*
Narration: *Right. It's got another function. The one she used to capture Yumiko's foolishness.*
Narration: *The memory of an earnest "Welcome home, Yuuji. Pyon.♪" echoes through my mind. And in that very same instant...*
Yumiko: "Fwaaaah, aaah! Aaah! Aaah! G-Go ahead! Mmmm, aaaah! Come... inside meee! Aaaah!"
Yumiko: ......
Yumiko: ......Huh?
Narration: *Her face frozen in a smile, Yumiko stops moving entirely.*
Narration: *For a moment, no one's quite sure what's happened.*
Michiru: Ah...
Michiru: Whoops... pressed... the play button...
Narration: *Makina hurriedly snatches the cell phone away.  Amane presses a palm to her forehead.  Michiru's face stiffens with fear.  Sachi goes completely expressionless.*
Narration: *Given these reactions, and the sound that just emerged from that phone...*
Narration: *There's only one possible explanation.*
Yuuji: Please don't tell me...
Narration: *Taking a step forward, I heave a small sigh, then ask the obvious question.*
Yuuji: Were you people spying on our room...?
Michiru: No, no, no! What are you saying, Yuuji-san? Of course we wouldn't do something so terribly unethical. Would we, Makina-san?
Makina: ...Chiruchiru, I think yer better off givin' up.
Michiru: Huh? What's that supposed to mean!? Back me up here, for crying out loud! At this rate... huh? You want me to... look at Yumiko?
Michiru: Eeeeeeeeeek!!!!!
Sachi: I do believe... it's already too late.
Amane: Aaah, man...
Narration: *Judging from the obvious tension in her shoulders, Yumiko's reached the same conclusion as me. She's visibly seething with rage.*
Michiru: U-Uhm... Yumiko? Yumiko...? Calm down. Just calm down...!
Narration: *Ignoring Michiru completely, Yumiko slowly reaches into her breast pocket.*
Yumiko: You know, I spotted an old friend of mine in a convenience store recently...
Narration: *As the words leave her mouth, she sways menacingly forward.*
Yumiko: Well, it's just a piece of stationary, really... Never thought I'd need it again, but I bought it anyway. Silly of me, right...?
Narration: *Her voice, at first oddly soft and calm, slowly grows more and more intense...*
Narration: *And finally, she pulls her hand out of her pocket, along with her "old friend."*
Yumiko: But...
Everyone: E-Eek...!
Yumiko: Right now, I'm deeply grateful for my own foolishness!!!
Yumiko: Don't move a muscle! I'm going to cut every last one of you into a billion pieces!!
Michiru: H-Hold on, Yumiko! Isn't your violent side just a thing of the past now!?
Yumiko: Oh, it will be. And so will all of you!!
Makina: Yumi-chan's pissed! Like, hella pissed, fer real!
Sachi: Oh my... I do believe we won't be getting out of this one unscathed, everyone.
Amane: Hyaaah! Have mercyyy!
Narration: *So much for that nice sentimental mood we had going there. It's turned into something of a slapstick farce instead.*
Yuuji: Guess a simple "happy ending" was too much to expect from these people...
Narration: *Our classmates flee in all directions, shrieking at the top of their lungs. Yumiko pursues them like a vengeful god. *
Yumiko: Hold it right there, Michiru! Makina! Sachi! And you, Amane!
Michiru: Sorry, Yumiko! I'm sooorry! It was a scheme-of-the-moment thing!
Sachi: Just so you're aware, Michiru-sama, that really should be "spur of the moment"!
Amane: Look, who cares!? Somebody get on their knees and beg for her forgiveness!
Makina: Yumi-chan's too angry fer that! We gotta buy ourselves some time first!
Yumiko: Don't you dare think the passage of time will solve this! I'll chase you straight into the future!!
Everyone: Eeeeeeek!
Narration: *Given all the violent threats she's currently making, I suppose Yumiko's retracted her sweet comments from earlier. Still...*
Yuuji: ...Nice to see they've gotten closer, at least.
Narration: *Even as she chases our classmates around, Yumiko's calling them all by their first names.*
Narration: *When things calm down a little, I'll have to point that out. Should be a good way to help them make up.*
Narration: *Watching my girlfriend and her classmates make a public nuisance of themselves, I quietly pray that we've got many more days like this one in store...*

Narration: *"People can always change"...*
Narration: *From what I hear, those are always the first words a warden says to inmates newly admitted to a maximum security prison.*
Narration: *Even warped people who grew up in the worst possible conditions, raised since birth to believe that human lives are all but worthless, can reform themselves through sheer willpower. I assume that's what it means, at least.*
Narration: *I don't think I can say whether or not that's true. People tell me I've changed, but it doesn't really feel that way to me.*
Narration: *Use all the fancy words you want; in the end, people are what they are. You might be able to carve a cube into a sphere, but a sharp, crooked nail isn't quite so easy to reshape.*
Narration: *That was my opinion until now, at least. But it seems I may have to reconsider that idea.*
Narration: *Why, you ask?*
Yumiko: I-I'm here today to... service Mr. Yuuji any way I can... Pyon. 
Narration: *The woman once derided as "box-cutter girl" is currently straddling my lower body - fully clad in a cosplay outfit, with a pair of fuzzy bunny ears perched on her head.*
Narration: *For anyone who knows Sakaki Yumiko, such a sight would be more than enough to make you reconsider a few of your fundamental beliefs about the world.*
Yuuji: Guh... Oh, Yumiko... why did it come to this? Why didn't you reach out to me for help?
Yumiko: Stop dramatically pinching the bridge of your nose! I haven't given up on life or anything, okay!?
Yuuji: Then why? Is it some kind of punishment imposed on you? Did Makina compel you to do this against your will?
Yumiko: J-Just shut up and let me seduce you, Yuuji!
Yuuji: I'm not really the sort to just say "Okay, I'm seduced" at this point, you know.
Yumiko: Believe me, I'm well aware of that...
Yumiko: But if this doesn't make you happy... then I put on this embarrassing outfit for nothing...!
Narration: *Tears well up in Yumiko's eyes as she speaks; her body quivers with humiliation. It's so damn adorable that I find myself deciding to just play along.*
Narration: *When the woman I love goes this far for me... I'm not nearly self-disciplined enough to turn her down.*
Yuuji: True enough. My apologies. I'll accept your gesture with gratitude.
Yumiko: ...Really?
Yuuji:  Indeed. I was just a little surprised, that's all. That bunny suit looks amazing on you, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Do you actually mean that...?
Yuuji: Seeing as you're straddling my waist... I think you should have a very good idea that I'm being honest.
Yumiko: Oh, it's true... it's getting big, isn't it...?
Yuuji: I think most men are going to get aroused when a woman throws herself at him in an outfit like that. All the more so when it's the woman they love.
Yumiko: Yuuji...
Yuuji: Now then... I believe you mentioned that you were going to be servicing me?
Yumiko: Yes...
Yumiko: I'm going to make you feel really good today, Yuuji...
Narration: *Closing her eyes slightly, Yumiko proceeds to push her pleasantly warm lips against mine.*
Yumiko: Mmm... *smack* *slurp*... mmm... *kiss*...
Narration: *Her movements slightly stiff with embarrassment, Yumiko lowers her face to my penis and begins to kiss it.*
Narration: *I can feel the moist warmth of her lips every time she makes contact.*
Yumiko: *Shlp*... *smack* *slurp*... haah...
Narration: *Little by little, Yumiko's breathing grows heavier, and her face flushes red.*
Yumiko: *Slurp* *smack* *shmack* *shmack*... Am I pleasing you, Yuuji...? Pyon.
Yuuji: Yeah...
Narration: *I decide to let the return of the "pyon" thing pass without comment.*
Narration: *I guess this is just Yumiko's way of trying to spice things up a little.*
Yuuji: But you know... you've got me squeezed between your breasts, but you're only using your mouth...?
Yumiko: Ah... o-oh, right. That was the whole reason I did this, wasn't it...
Narration: *Looks like she was so nervous she forgot to use her breasts.*
Narration: *Having sex in a cosplay outfit clearly doesn't come easily for her...*
Narration: *As I'm admiring my adorable girlfriend, the voluptuous breasts before me finally begin to move.*
Yumiko: Mmm... mmm... mmm...
Narration: *Pressing her soft white breasts together, Yumiko begins to service my penis while looking up at me to gauge my reaction.*
Yumiko: Mmm... nfh... mm, mm...
Narration: *Watching as I react, Yumiko presses her breasts even closer together, rubbing harder than before.*
Narration: *We've been physically intimate often enough that she knows exactly how I'm feeling, even if I don't put it into words.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Yumiko: Oh... r-right... Mmm, mmm... mm, *smaack*... *shmack*... *shluuurp* *lick*...
Narration: *Just by speaking her name, I tell Yumiko exactly what I want. She trails her moist lips down my shaft while continuing to stroke my penis with her breasts.*
Yumiko: Mmmm, fwaah... *Smack* *shmack*... mmmm... This is... more difficult... *sluurp* *smack*... than I expected, pyon...
Yuuji: If it's too tough, you can just do one or the other.
Yumiko: *Smack*... That's unacceptable... mmmmm... Today, I'm going to make you feel good, Yuuji... pyon...
Yuuji: ...That so?
Yumiko: Yes. I want to do for you... what you always do for me...
Narration: *She trails off at the end, probably remembering the specifics.*
Narration: *But soon enough, she's resumed her ministrations.*
Yumiko: Mmm... fwaaah... mmm... *smack* *kiss*... mmm... *slurp* *shmack*... mmmm...
Narration: *Clearly a little embarrassed, Yumiko puts even more pressure on my cock than before.*
Narration: *Her technique's damn good on its own, but seeing her like this is enough to push me to the limit.*
Yumiko: Aah... Yuuji, you're enjoying yourself...
Yuuji: Well, of course I am.
Yumiko: I was worried I wasn't doing a good job, so I'm really glad... pyon.
Narration: *My brief reply is enough to make Yumiko break into a relieved smile.*
Yumiko: Yuuji... I want you to feel even better...
Narration: *As she speaks those words, she opens her moist lips slightly.*
Narration: *Then, bringing her face even closer to my penis...*
Yumiko: Mmmmm...
Narration: *...she takes it into her mouth.*
Narration: *Waves of mild pleasure assail the tip of my cock.*
Yumiko: Mmmmmm... fwaaah... *Smack* *sluurp*... mmfh... *smack*...
Narration: *Still watching me with upturned eyes, Yumiko quietly begins to move her mouth and breasts.*
Yumiko: Mm, fwah... ahn... *smack* *kiss*... mm, *sluurp*...
Narration: *Noticing that my hips are starting to tremble slightly, she happily accelerates her pace.*
Yuuji: This feels great, Yumiko...
Yumiko: Fwa... aah... mmm...
Narration: *When I gently pat Yumiko's rabbit-eared head, she lets out a strange little sound.*
Narration: *After pausing for just a moment, she quickly resumes moving her breasts.*
Yumiko: Mm, *shmack*... haaah... *sluurp*... Yuuji, you're... *smack* throbbing so much inside my mouth, pyon...
Narration: *When I hear those words, a thought crosses my mind.*
Narration: *This cosplay is obviously embarrassing her, but she still went with it. Maybe I can take things a little further...?*
Narration: *Continuing to pat her head, I gently speak to Yumiko.*
Yuuji: Yumiko... what's throbbing inside your mouth, exactly...?
Yumiko: ...! Y-You already know what I'm talking about... pyon.
Yuuji: I do indeed. But I want to hear you say it anyway...
Yumiko: Th-That's... not fair, pyon...
Narration: *Yumiko averts her eyes, but I'm not about to back down.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Yumiko: ...Auuugh...
Narration: *With a little whine, she lifts her face to look up at me again.*
Narration: *And then...*
Yumiko: Y-Your... cock...
Yuuji: ...!!
Narration: *Shivers run down my spine when she speaks that word.*
Narration: *I made Yumiko, of all people, say a lewd word. Somehow, that's incredibly arousing.*
Yuuji: Repeat that, please.
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *Yumiko doesn't look particularly happy about this, but...*
Yumiko: It's your... c-cock...
Narration: *...she obeys me nonetheless.*
Yumiko: D-Do you like hearing... d-dirty words, Yuuji? Pyon...
Yuuji: Well... I love hearing you say them, at least.
Yumiko: I-I see...
Narration: *Blushing bright red, Yumiko mutters a reply.*
Yumiko: I-In that case... I'll try my best to use such words... whenever possible, pyon.
Narration: *With that, she takes my cock right back into her mouth.*
Yumiko: *Smack*... mm, nhah... y-your cock is... throbbing inside my mouth... pyon.
Narration: *Yumiko's voice is trembling slightly, and it's obvious that she's embarrassed. I can tell she's forcing herself to say it.*
Narration: *But even so, she's trying her best to satisfy me...*
Yumiko: Haaa... *Slurp*... Your cock is so big, Yuuji...
Narration: *...and periodically pauses her blowjob to talk dirty.*
Yuuji: Yeah. And it's all thanks to you, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Mmmm... *shlurp*... I'll make your cock... mm... feel even better, pyon...
Narration: *With every lewd phrase she says, Yumiko increases the speed of her fellatio and boobjob.*
Narration: *The humiliation must be really getting to her. Her actions aren't coordinated at all anymore.*
Narration: *But the randomness of the stimulation only makes it even more pleasurable.*
Yumiko: *Smack*... *slurp* *sluuurp*... *shmlack* *smlp*... mmmm, *slurp* *kiss*...
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *I'm nearing my limit faster than I expected.*
Narration: *Guess those dirty words are having an effect on me, as well...*
Narration: *Straining my muscles, I try to resist as long as I can. Yumiko glances up at me, not slowing down for even a second.*
Yumiko: *Smack* *sluurp*... mm, Yuuji... haah... don't hold it in. Let it all out... pyon.
Narration: *Looks like she noticed...*
Yuuji: C'mon... can't you let me enjoy this bliss for a bit longer...?
Yumiko: ...! H-Honestly... you never fight fair...
Narration: *Yumiko blushes brightly and averts her eyes from mine...*
Yumiko: *Smack* *shmack* *sluurp*! *Smack* *sluurp* *smack*...
Narration: *And then starts sucking my cock even more violently than before.*
Narration: *I'm not sure if it's to hide her embarrassment, or if she's trying to punish me for holding back, but at this rate I'm not going to last long.*
Yumiko: *Smack* *sluurp* *smack*! *Sluuurp* *shmack* *shmck*! Mmmm, mmm... *shlarrp* *smack*... mmm, *smack*!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...**
Narration: *Yumiko's movements grow more aggressive by the moment. I don't think I can stop myself anymore.*
Yumiko: *Smack* *shlurp* *smack*! I'm going to make you feel even better, Yuuji... mmf, *smack* *slrup*! Mmm! *Smack*...
Yuuji: R-Right...
Yumiko: *Smack* *sluuurp*! *Smack *shmack* *sluurp*! Mmmm, haaah... Don't stop yourself this time, okay?
Yuuji: If you insist...
Yumiko: *Smack* *sluurp* *smaack*! Mmmm, *smack* *sluurp*! And... *smack* *sluuurp* *smack*... make sure you come a whole lot... mm, *smack*!
Yuuji: Kuh...! Yumiko, I'm about to come...!
Yumiko: *Smack* *sluuurp*! Mmfh, *smack* *slhurp*, Yuuji... mmm, *smack*! Yuuji... *smack* *kiss*!
Narration: *Overwhelmed by the waves of pleasure, I feel my body go slack with bliss.*
Yumiko: *Smack* *sluurp* *smack*! *Shmack*! *Shlurp*! Mm, *shmack*! Haa, ngh, *sluuuuurp*!
Yuuji: # **Kuh!**
Yumiko: Kyaa!
Narration: *As my hips shudder violently, my penis slips out of Yumiko's mouth.*
Narration: *An instant later, semen surges out of it, splashing all over Yumiko's face.*
Yumiko: Mmm... look at all that come, Yuuji... that's amazing...
Narration: *After hearing Yumiko talk about my "cock," I guess I couldn't help coming harder than usual.*
Narration: *Both her face and her breasts are basically drenched in semen by the time I'm done.*
Yumiko: Haah... haaah... mmm... The smell's... amazing, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Are you alright, Yumiko?
Yumiko: Yes...
Narration: *As she wipes my come off her face with her hand, Yumiko offers a faint reply.*
Yumiko: Hehe... you certainly came a lot...
Yuuji: ...Is it really something to be that happy about?
Yumiko: Absolutely. It's sort of like proof I made you feel good, isn't it?
Yuuji: I guess so...
Narration: *I don't know if the amount of semen is much of a barometer for pleasure... but whatever. Yumiko seems to be happy, so I'll refrain from making any unnecessary comments.*
Yumiko: A-Alright then... now it's... time for the cleanup, right?
Yuuji: Wait a second. I'll go get some tiss―
Yumiko: Ah, th-that's not what I meant...
Yuuji: ...?
Yumiko: I-I mean... today... I'll clean you up with my... m-mouth.
Narration: *It takes a moment for me to register what Yumiko just said.*
Yuuji: ..You don't have to force yourself, you know?
Yumiko: I'm not forcing myself...
Yumiko: It's just... I-I promised myself that I'd make you feel really good today, you know...?
Yuuji: ...I see.
Narration: *That's not much of a reason... but I suppose it's how Yumiko's convinced herself.*
Narration: *Might as well let her do as she pleases.*
Yuuji: All right then, I'll leave it to you.
Yumiko: O-Okay...
Yumiko: Mmm, *smack*... *sluuurp* *shmack*... mmm...
Narration: *Yumiko runs her mouth along the tip of my cock, sucking up every last drop of semen still sticking to it.*
Narration: *My penis is still sensitive after its orgasm, so even the lightest touch from her lips is unbearably pleasurable. *
Yumiko: Mmm... nngh...
Yuuji: Wait, you don't have to swallow it or anything...
Yumiko: Mmm... it tastes good, Yuuji...
Narration: *With a surprisingly sexy expression on her face, Yumiko quietly swallows my semen.*
Narration: *As my cock twitches in response to the spectacle, Yumiko moves her lips around it once again.*
Yumiko: Mmm... *shmuck*... mmm, mmm... *sluurp* *shmack*... mm... mm...
Narration: *Seems like she's determined to suck every last drop out of my urethra. She even starts wringing my cock between her breasts.*
Narration: *As soon as she's squeezed out the last few drops, Yumiko gulps them down greedily.*
Yumiko: Mmm... haah...
Narration: *When it's over, she lets out a passionate sigh.*
Narration: *I hadn't noticed while she was "servicing" me, but her naked nipples have perked up quite visibly.*
Narration: *This is Yumiko we're talking about. I guess even giving me a blowjob was enough to get her aroused.*
Narration: *That means it's my turn to pleasure her.*
Narration: *But when I try to get up...*
Yumiko: Ah, wait!
Yuuji: What?
Yumiko: You just lie there, Yuuji. I'll... make you feel good again, all right?
Yuuji: Hrm...
Narration: *She's trying awfully hard for me. I wanted to do the heavy lifting for the next part... but if she wants to stay in control that badly, I might as well leave it to her.*
Yuuji: All right then.
Yumiko: Thank you.
Narration: *Yumiko takes a step back, her face still coated in semen.*
Narration: *She then slowly pulls aside the stained cloth covering her crotch, revealing her sopping pussy.*
Narration: *Not only is she not wearing panties, the costume's designed to slide apart... the girl really went all out today, didn't she?*
Yumiko: T-This is embarrassing, so... please don't stare so much...
Yuuji: No can do. Can you blame a guy for wanting to stare at the woman he loves?
Yumiko: W-Well, maybe not, but...
Yuuji: ...
Yumiko: F-Fine...
Narration: *Realizing that I wasn't going to avert my eyes no matter how much she pleaded, Yumiko straddles over me, her face bright red.*
Narration: *Slowly lowering her waist, she grabs my member and directs it to her entrance.*
Yumiko: Mm...
Narration: *She starts off my rubbing my penis against her labia, the way I usually do.*
Narration: *She must be pretty damn turned on, since my cock's almost immediately coated in her juices.*
Yumiko: Haah... amazing... I'm just rubbing it against me, and it's already making all these noises...
Narration: *I can see Yumiko's limbs trembling slightly. She's already starting to enjoy herself, apparently.*
Yumiko: Mmm... fwaah... aaah.. haaah... mmm...
Narration: *Apparently unsure of the proper timing, Yumiko pauses tentatively for a long moment.*
Narration: *Normally this would be where I'd start teasing her a little, but it looks like she really wants to take the lead today.*
Narration: *I guess I'll give her a little push forward.*
Yuuji: Yumiko... stop teasing me and put it in already...
Yumiko: Ah... o-okay...
Narration: *Shaking her head a little, Yumiko corrects her grip on my member.*
Narration: *She aligns my penis with her vagina... and slowly lowers herself onto it.*
Yumiko: Mmm... mmmm... haaaah... mmm...
Narration: *Little by little, my penis slides into her vagina.*
Narration: *Her body still trembling, Yumiko continues to lower her waist.*
Yumiko: Mmm... fwaaah...
Narration: *After a long moment, my penis finally pushes all the way inside her.*
Yumiko: Haaah... haahh...
Narration: *Yumiko's pussy wraps itself perfectly around my cock, as if it was designed to fit me.*
Narration: *Just being enveloped in her warm folds feels amazing... but it's still not quite enough.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Yumiko: I-I know...
Narration: *Yumiko presses down on me with both hands and slowly starts moving her hips.*
Yumiko: Aaah.. mmm... fwaaah... haah.. aah.. mm...
Narration: *Probably because she's not used to being the one doing the moving, Yumiko's movements are pretty slow.*
Yumiko: Haaah haah... mmmm... aaah... mmm... Yuuji, does that feel good?
Yuuji: I'm feeling it, alright. How about you, Yumiko?
Yumiko: Fwaaah... aah.. aann... m-me too... mmmm... it feels really good when... your cock rubs against... m-my pussy, Yuuji... aah aah...
Narration: *Every time she says a dirty word, I can feel her vagina grow a little bit hotter.*
Narration: *Her insides are sopping wet. Every movement of my penis is louder than the last.*
Yumiko: Haaah... mmmm... aaah... aaaah... mmm... mmm... haaaah.. aaah... aaah, aah...
Narration: *Slowly getting the hang of it, Yumiko begins to increase the pace of her movements.*
Narration: *Her normally white skin is dyed a deep crimson. Beads of sweat glisten all over her body.*
Narration: *As her scent grows stronger, I feel my body begin to ache with primitive desire.*
Yumiko: Fwaaah... aaah... y-your cock... mmm... aaah... is getting bigger inside me...
Yuuji: Make me feel even better, Yumiko...
Yumiko: Haaah... okay, I will... mmmm! Mmm, mm! Haaah, aaah, aahnn! Ngh, aah, ah!
Narration: *Speeding up the grinding movements of her hips, Yumiko launches an all-out assault.*
Narration: *Again and again, my penis travels from her warm inner depths back to her trembling entrance.*
Yumiko: Aaaah, haaah... aaaah! Mmm... yess...! Mmmm!
Narration: *Whimpering slightly, Yumiko pushes down with the hand resting on my abdomen, lifting herself up a little.*
Narration: *She probably realized that if I kept hitting her in the G-spot, she'd end up coming before me.*
Yumiko: Haaaah, haaah... mm, mmmm! Haaah, aah, nngh! Nhaa, aah, haah!
Narration: *Yumiko starts grinding her hips again.*
Narration: *It still feels pretty damn good inside Yumiko's pussy, but now that I'm not getting all the way up inside her, I'm missing out on that pleasant squeeze at the very end of each thrust.*
Narration: *And it's really hard to just forget how good that felt.*
Narration: *Unable to hold back any longer, I thrust up into Yumiko.*
Yumiko: Hyaaaaa! No, Yuuji! Stop! Mmm, aaah, aaaaaah! T-Today, I'm supposed to be... aahn!
Yuuji: I know, but... I just can't help myself.
Yuuji: And besides... I want to make you feel good too, Yumiko.
Yumiko: ...! Fwaah! Aaaah! Haaah... you can't say that... it's not fair... aaah, aaah! Aaah!
Narration: *Her body writhing in pleasure, Yumiko tries to gasp out a protest.*
Yuuji: Maybe so... but it's how I really feel.
Yumiko: Aaah, aaaaaah! Haaah, mm... you really don't fight fair... ahn! Ah! Aaaah!
Narration: *Every time I penetrate her depths, Yumiko's face contorts in pleasure.*
Narration: *Her pussy contracts tightly, clamping around my cock.*
Narration: *I start speeding up my movements, watching Yumiko's reactions carefully.*
Yumiko: Fwaah! Aaah! Aaah! I-I'm going to make you feel good too, Yuuji... mmm! Fwa, nn, mm!
Narration: *Yumiko leands forward, pressing her hands against me, and starts swaying her hips too.*
Narration: *My up-and-down motions combine with Yumiko's back-and-forth ones, creating an even more intense sense of pleasure.*
Yumiko: Anfh, mmm, aaaaah! Aaaah, haaah, aaah, ah! Th-This feels so gooood!
Narration: *Every time Yumiko's body moves up and down, her voluptuous breasts jiggle.*
Narration: *Increasingly aroused, I speed up my movements.*
Yumiko: Hyaaah! Aaaah, haaah, aaaah! S-So deep... your cock is going so deep inside me... aaahn!
Narration: *Yumiko's insides tremble every time I press up against her depths.*
Yumiko: Nhaaah, aaah, aaaah! Haaah, aaah...! S-Stop it... th-that's my weak point... fwah, aaah!
Yuuji: Yeah, I know.
Narration: *After all, I was the one who taught Yumiko about this kind of pleasure.*
Yumiko: Mmm, haaaah, aaah, aaah! I wanted to... be the one... making you feel good, Yuuji... nhaah, aaah!
Yuuji: Don't worry. I'm feeling it more than usual myself... kuh!
Narration: *Suddenly, Yumiko's pussy clamps down on me even tighter.*
Narration: *Her moist walls entwine themselves around my member.*
Yumiko: Haah, mmm, aaah, mmm! Haaah, haaah, mmm, fwaaah! Mmm, ngh!
Narration: *The instant I let up for just a second, Yumiko starts violently grinding her hips against me.*
Narration: *Her motions are a lot smaller and quicker than before, intensifying the pleasure.*
Yumiko: Aaah, haaah, mmm! Fwaaah! Aaah! Aaaah, aaah! S-Stop going so deep...! Aahn!
Narration: *When I thrust deep inside her, Yumiko's gasps grow even louder than before.*
Narration: *But even so, she doesn't stop moving her own hips, continuing to aggressively ride my dick.*
Yumiko: Haaah, haah, nhaah! Aaah! Aaaah, haah, aahn! Mmm, aaah, aah, aaah!
Narration: *Her voice grows increasingly wild...*
Yumiko: Mmmm! Hyaaah, aaaah! Aaah, aaah, yesss... I'm coming! Haaah, mmm, aaaah!
Narration: *And at long last, we're both on the brink of an orgasm.*
Narration: *I thrust all the way into her with one deep push.*
Yumiko: Fwaaah, aaaah, aaah! Nhaaa, aaaah! I'm c-coming! Haah, aaah, aaah! Y-Yuuji... come with me!
Yuuji: You got it.
Yumiko: Aaaah! Aaah! Aaaaaah! Aaaah! Coming! Haaah, aaah, aaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!
Yuuji: Guh!!
Yumiko: Fwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *Yumiko lets out another cute scream as I come inside her.*
Yumiko: Nhaaa, aah, aah... y-your cock's... mmm, haaah... throbbing inside of me...
Narration: *Her body's trembling violently as my semen pours into her. That's one long orgasm...*
Yuuji: You look like you enjoyed yourself.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yumiko: Ah!
Narration: *Following my gaze, Yumiko notices the large puddle of liquid that's stained my bedsheets.*
Narration: *At the sight of the mess she made, her face goes crimson.*
Yumiko: W-Well, uhm... did you enjoy it too, Yuuji...?
Yuuji: Yeah, it was amazing.
Yumiko: I-I see... that's good, then...
Narration: *Her cheeks still red, Yumiko smiles in relief.*
Narration: *But a moment later, she averts her gaze.*
Yumiko: ...
Narration: *What's she hesitating for now, after all that...?*
Narration: *It takes me a moment, but when I realize what she's thinking, I have to resist the urge to smirk.*
Yuuji: Yumiko...
Yumiko: Wh-What is it?
Yuuji: Come over here.
Yumiko: Huh...?
Yuuji: I just want to give you a hug, that's all...
Yumiko: Ah...
Narration: *Blushing slightly, Yumiko smiles happily.*
Yumiko: I love you, Yuuji!♪
Narration: *Her voice is sweet and happy, no longer hesitant.*
Yuuji: Yeah, me too.
Narration: *Beaming from ear to ear, Yumiko throws her arms around me.*

Yuuji: Yumiko...
Yumiko: Mmm...
Narration: *When I gently stroke Yumiko's cheek, she lets out a ticklish little murmur.*
Narration: *And a moment later... she's rubbing her naked body against me.*
Narration: *There's a little squelch every time her crotch makes contact with my thigh.*
Yuuji: Yumiko, are you...?
Yumiko: I told you, didn't I? I've been this way for a while now...
Yuuji: You're turned on already...?
Yumiko: D-Do you really have to ask me that question...?
Narration: *The embarrassment in Yumiko's voice only makes me want to tease her more.*
Yuuji: Come on. I want to know the answer...
Yumiko: You're such an idiot...
Narration: *Yumiko's obviously hesitant to respond, but...*
Yumiko: You're right, Yuuji... I'm already in the mood...
Yumiko: So... can we please just do it here and now...?
Narration: *...she still answers me truthfully.*
Yumiko: I'm begging you... I know we haven't even taken our bath yet, but please...
Yuuji: Sure, you got it.
Narration: *Yumiko's little plea is so adorable that my desire to bully her melts away, and I reach out to touch her breasts.*
Yumiko: Mmm... haah... 
Narration: *My hand's only just made contact with her skin when a sensual sigh escapes her lips.*
Narration: *Her breath tickles the back of my neck, then fades slowly away.*
Yumiko: Yuuji...
Narration: *Yumiko calls my name in a remarkably sweet voice, and I turn to meet her gaze.*
Yumiko: Make me... feel good...
Narration: *Her eyes moist with emotion, she begs me to give her pleasure.*
Yuuji: ...You got it.
Yumiko: Mmm... fwaah... aaah... haaah... aah aaah...
Narration: *Applying a little more pressure with my hands, I knead Yumiko's soft breasts like two loaves of bread.*
Narration: *Yumiko's quiet moans, barely audible over the sound of trickling water, leave me surprisingly aroused.*
Yumiko: Aaah... mmmm... haaah... haaah... aaaah... mmmm...
Narration: *With each little gasp, Yumiko entwines her arms around me more tightly than before, pressing her warm body against mine.*
Yuuji: Your nipples are erect, Yumiko...
Yumiko: Huh...?
Narration: *As she looks up at me in blank surprise...*
Yumiko: Hyaaah, aaah, aaahn!
Narration: *I pinch her stiff little nipples and twist them gently with my fingers.*
Yuuji: They're really hard... you're even more aroused than usual, aren't you?
Yumiko: Th-That's your fault... for saying what you did just now... and, well...
Yumiko: ...I-It's just the two of us today... nhaah... so I don't need to worry about anyone hearing us...
Narration: *I see... so she's actually been trying to keep her voice down up until now? I hadn't noticed, to be honest.*
Narration: *It's hard not to smirk a little... but I'm mainly interested to see exactly how loud she'll get today.*
Yuuji: In that case, let's make sure you really enjoy yourself today...
Yumiko: Haaah... haaah... mmm... so you're going to... make me feel really good...?
Yuuji: Of course. I did say I was going to show you a whole new world, right?
Yumiko: Mmm...
Narration: *Yumiko swallows audibly; her eyes quaver with passion.*
Narration: *I slowly run my hand down her slender body, savoring her erotic reactions.*
Yumiko: Fwaaah... aaaah... aaah... haaaah...
Narration: *When I rub her vagina with a bit of force, Yumiko trembles against me and moans.*
Narration: *There's a sticky wetness down there that has nothing to do with the bathwater.*
Yuuji: All right, Yumiko. Clitoris or vagina... what's your pleasure?
Yumiko: Aaah... haaah... uh, uhmmm...
Yuuji: What?
Yumiko: ...Could I...ask for... both?
Narration: *Well, well...*
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Perhaps a bit unsettled by my momentary silence, Yumiko averts her eyes bashfully.*
Narration: *Stroking her head reassuringly, I give her my answer.*
Yuuji: Sure, why not?
Yumiko: ......
Narration: *Her expression's a curious mix of sincere happiness and profound embarrassment.*
Narration: *Looking her straight in the eyes, I slip my middle finger inside her pussy and press my thumb to her clitoris.*
Yumiko: Hyaaaahn! Fwaaah, aaaah, haaah, aaah!
Narration: *Yumiko lets out a little shriek and shivers dramatically.*
Yuuji: Your voice is getting louder again...
Yumiko: Mmm, aaaah, aaaaah! That's just... ahn... because you're touching... hyaah... my clitoris and my pussy...!
Yuuji: Well, I suppose...
Yuuji: ...But you do understand that we've barely even gotten started, right?
Yumiko: Huh...? Hyaaaah!? Aaaah! Haaah, aaah, aaahn! I-It feels so good... when you rub my clit like that! A-Aaaah!
Narration: *As Yumiko's voice grows louder and louder, the movements of my hand steadily speed up.*
Yumiko: Fwaaah, aaaah! Aaaah, aaah! And you're... churning up my insides too... Hyaaah! Aaaah! Aah!
Narration: *We do have this family bath all to ourselves, but that doesn't necessarily mean that no one's nearby.*
Narration: *And even if there isn't anyone in the immediate vicinity, Yumiko's moans are echoing so clearly that pedestrians outside might be able to hear them.*
Narration: *Despite all that, she's only getting louder and louder.*
Narration: *And as I watch her lose control, I can feel my penis begin to stiffen.*
Yumiko: Aah! Aah! Y-Yuuji... haaah! Aaah! It feels so good... hyah, aah... when you rub them both at once...!
Narration: *Yumiko's insides begin to twitch and tremble... and to excrete a warm, sticky liquid that definitely isn't bathwater.*
Yumiko: Haaah, aaaah! Aaah! Fwaaah! Yuuji...! Mmm, aaah! Aaaah! M-More... harder...!
Yuuji: What, this still isn't enough for you?
Yumiko: Aaaah, mmmm! Haaah! I-It feels incredibly good, but... aahn! I want more... Nhaaa! I want to feel you inside me, Yuuji!
Yuuji: Well, all right then...
Narration: *After pushing my thumb forcefully down on Yumiko's erect clitoris, I abruptly jam a second finger into her pussy.*
Narration: *Stirring up her insides with renewed vigor, I guide her to new heights of pleasure.*
Yumiko: Fwaaaah! Aaaah, haaah! Mmmm, aaaah, aaaah! Haaah... aaah, aaahn! Aaah! Aaaaah!
Yuuji: How's that? Even better?
Yumiko: Haaah, aaaah, aaah! Mmmm! Mmmm! Aaaah, aaah!
Narration: *Apparently too overwhelmed to speak, Yumiko just vigorously nods her head in reply.*
Narration: *Her gasps and moans come in quick succession, and their volume increases steadily...*
Yumiko: Nhaaa! Haah, aaah! Aaah! Aaaaaaah! Aaahn! Haaah, haah, aaah! Aaaah! Aaaah! Aaaah!
Narration: *But just as she's on the very verge of orgasm, I abruptly stop my assault.*
Yumiko: Haaah, haaah... ah... huh...?
Narration: *Yumiko pants heavily, gasping for air. It takes a few seconds for her to realize what's happened.*
Yumiko: Why did you stop...? I was just... about to...
Narration: *As soon as it sinks in, she looks up at me sorrowfully.*
Yuuji: Didn't you want to "feel me" inside you? In that case, it wouldn't be right to get you off with just my fingers...
Yumiko: Ah...
Narration: *Finally realizing where I'm going with this, Yumiko stares at me with quavering eyes.*
Yumiko: Yuuji... will you put your penis in me...?
Yuuji: It'd be my pleasure.
Yuuji: First of all, let's get up out of the tub...
Yumiko: Huh...? We're not doing it in here...?
Yuuji: Wouldn't be right to get the water all dirty, you know?
Yumiko: Oh... r-right...
Narration: *Once I've explained my reasoning, the two of us climb out of the water and head over to one of the bath chamber's walls.*
Yumiko: Umm... what should I do now...?
Yuuji: Let's see... for starters, just put your hands up against the wall.
Yumiko: ...Like this?
Narration: *Yumiko braces herself against the wall just as I requested.*
Narration: *Her plump ass sticks out at me, offering an excellent view of her extremely wet pussy.*
Narration: *I'd really like to savor this sight for a while longer, but Yumiko probably isn't patient enough to wait. Grabbing her right leg firmly, I lift it up into the air.*
Yumiko: Kyaaa!
Yuuji: I'm putting it in now, Yumiko.
Yumiko: Huh? What? Like this?
Yuuji: Don't worry, I won't let you fall.
Narration: *Reaching out with my free hand, I grab hold of Yumiko's tits.*
Yumiko: Fwaaaah!
Narration: *And just as she squeals in surprise... I push my rock-hard penis into her pussy.*
Yumiko: Aaaaaaaaah!
Narration: *As my cock settles deep inside her, Yumiko's body quivers in my arms.*
Narration: *She's trembling on the inside, too... and I can feel more fluids spilling out of her.*
Yuuji: All this just from me putting it in? You're awfully sensitive today...
Yumiko: That's... because you stopped halfway, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Ah. Your body really wants to come, doesn't it?
Yumiko: D-Do you have to be so crude about it...? It's embarrassing...
Yuuji: Hmm, in that case...
Narration: *As Yumiko averts her eyes bashfully, I begin to move my hips back and forth.*
Yumiko: Hyaaah! Aaaah, haaah, aaaaah! Fwaaah, aaaah, aaahn!
Narration: *Her vagina clamps down on me every time she moans; once again, her body starts to tremble.*
Yuuji: Yeah, looks like you really are pretty sensitive right now...
Yumiko: Aaah, aaah! Haaah, aaahn! Y-Yuuji, you bully... fwaaah, aaaah!!
Narration: *Enjoying the sound of Yumiko's moans, I start to attack her with my fingers as well.*
Yumiko: Fwaaaaaaah!! Mmmmm! Haah, aaaah, aaah! D-Don't... aah! Push down on my nipples like that...!
Yuuji: Hrm, looks like they've gotten even harder than before...
Yumiko: Aaaah! Aaaah! Aaaah! It's your fault... for making me feel so good, Yuuji...Aaah!
Yuuji: Come to think of it... you did say you wanted to "feel me inside you," right?
Yumiko: Haaah, haah... yeah...
Narration: *Turning around to face me, Yumiko nods slightly.*
Narration: *Deciding to leave her nipples alone for now, I devote my attention to thrusting even deeper inside her.*
Yumiko: Aaaaah! Aaaah! Y-Your dick's going so deep inside me, Yuuji... aaaah! It's hitting me... so hard...! Aaahn!
Narration: *The sound of flesh pounding against flesh reverberates throughout the bath.*
Narration: *Combined with the squelching noises coming from Yumiko's ridiculously wet pussy, it makes for an exceptionally lewd soundtrack.*
Yumiko: Haaah, haaah, aaaah! Mmmm, aaah, aaah! Y-Yuuji...!
Yuuji: What is it?
Yumiko: Haaah, aaaah, aaah! Mmm! D-Do me harder! Angh, nnh! I want more... more...!
Yuuji: Sure thing...
Narration: *Yumiko begs me desperately for pleasure... and in response, I give her everything I've got.*
Yumiko: Fwaaaaah! Haaah, mmmm! Haah, haaah, hyaaah! Your cock's... hitting so deep inside me, Yuuji!
Yuuji: I'm not going too hard for you, am I...?
Yumiko: Hyaah, aaaah! Mmmm... I'm fine...! It feels so good that I think I might faint... nn, aaah! But you said you wouldn't let me fall, so... ahn!
Yuuji: All right then...
Yumiko: Aaah, aaah, aaaaaaah! Agh, mmm... I want you to feel good too, Yuuji...!
Narration: *Gasping out these words in between moans, Yumiko squeezes her pussy tightly down on me.*
Narration: *Her wet, trembling walls stimulate my cock intensely; a moment of pain gives way to blinding pleasure.*
Yumiko: Aaaaah! Mmm, haaah... your dick got even bigger inside me, Yuuji...
Yuuji: I'm surprised you can tell...
Yumiko: Haaah, mmmm, aaaah! Haaah, aaaah! Well... of course I can... it's your dick, Yuuji...
Yumiko: Mmm... aaaah, aaah! I mean... you notice it when I change, too...
Yuuji: Yeah, that's true enough...
Narration: *Every time the two of us have sex, we learn a little bit more about each other.*
Narration: *For example...*
Yumiko: Mmm... afwaah... aaaah... Yuuji, why are you pulling back? Haah... haah... go deeper...
Narration: *...Yumiko really likes it deep.*
Yumiko: Fwaaah! Aaah, aaaah! Y-Your dick went... all the way inside me again... ah, aaah! It feels so good...!
Narration: *And if you thrust all the way into her after teasing her for a while, her pussy clamps down on you hard.*
Narration: *Keep that up for a while, and she'll be overflowing with juices.*
Yumiko: Hyaaaah! Haah, aaah, aaah! Y-Yuuji...! Nngh...! Not my nipples... not now...!
Narration: *If you attack more than one of her weak points at once, she won't be able to deal with the stimulation, and her face will contort with bliss.*
Narration: *And soon enough...*
Yumiko: Aaaaaah, fwaaaah, aaaaah! Aaaaah! Yuuji! Mmmm, aaaah! Aaah! I-I'm about to...
Narration: *She'll end up heading straight for a climax.*
Narration: *I've learned quite a lot in the course of the last few months... and I've taught her body a lot about pleasure, too.*
Yumiko: Haaah, aaaah! Fwaaah! Aaah, haah, aaah! Mmm, aaah! Aaaah!
Yuuji: Yumiko, I'm going to come inside you.
Yumiko: Mmm! Mmmm, aaah! Haaah, aaah! Go ahead...! Hyaaah, aaaah! Let it all out... inside me...!
Narration: *Abandoning ourselves to the pleasure, the two of us race towards our climaxes.*
Yumiko: Aaaah! Mmmm! Haah, aaaah, aaaah! I-I'm coming... aaaah! Aaaah! I'm coming! Aaah! Aaaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...!**
Yumiko: Mmmmm! Haah, haaah, haaah... mmmm... fwaaah... mmm! Mmmmm!
Narration: *Yumiko's body trembles in time with the pulsing of my cock inside her vagina.*
Yumiko: Haaah, haaah, haaah... mmmm! Haah, aaah... aaaah...
Narration: *Little by little, the tension begins to drain from her body.*
Narration: *As her body relaxes, her pussy loosens up a little, and a bit of my come starts to dribble out onto the ground.*
Yumiko: Mmmm... hah, aah.. your semen's so hot, Yuuji...
Yuuji: Your pussy's still quivering, Yumiko...
Yumiko: Well... you kept me waiting a long time for that one...
Yuuji: True enough...
Narration: *Yumiko looks back at me with tears in her eyes... and I feel my cock regaining its firmness.*
Yumiko: Mm...!
Narration: *Yumiko moans slightly as she feels it grow inside her.*
Narration: *Readjusting my hold on her leg, I immediately start thrusting again.*
Yumiko: Hyaaaah! Aaah, haaah, aaaah! Wait... this is so sudden... aaah!
Narration: *Every time I move my hips forward, she squirms in obvious pleasure.*
Yuuji: Sorry, Yumiko. Seeing you come like that got me horny again.
Yumiko: Haaah, haaah, mmmm! W-Well... aaah, aaah... it's not just you... I want more too...!
Yumiko: Fwaaah, aaah! Haah, haah! I want you to... make me come again, Yuuji...! Nn, aaaah!
Yuuji: I feel exactly the same way...
Narration: *Picking up the pace sharply, I redouble the force of my thrusts.*
Yumiko: Haah! Aaaah! Mmmm, fwaaah, aaah! Aaaah, haah, mmmm, aaah, aaaah!
Narration: *With each thrust, Yumiko's body trembles, and her pussy reacts in unpredictable ways.*
Narration: *When she arches her back, it clamps down on me tightly; when she leans forward, it pulls me deeper inside her.*
Yumiko: Aaah, aaaah! Mmmm! Haaah, aaaah! Oh no... you're scraping out your semen, Yuuji...!
Yuuji: # **Kuh...!**
Narration: *Yumiko squeezes down more tightly than before, and I let out an involuntary groan.*
Narration: *But with an effort of will, I force myself to keep thrusting... to give her more of the pleasure she craves.*
Yumiko: Fwaaah! Aaah, haaah, aaaah! Y-Your dick keeps... rubbing against me, Yuuji... nnngh! Haah, aaah, aaah!
Narration: *Her body quivers in a way that suggests she's already reached a minor climax.*
Narration: *Trying to deepen the connection between us, I pull her slender body toward me as I thrust forcefully forward. *
Yumiko: Hyaaaah! Haaah, aaaah! Aaaah! Your dick's hitting... the mouth of my womb... haaah, aaaah! Aaahn!
Narration: *Yumiko seems to enjoy the way that feels; when I pull my hips back, her plump ass follows, refusing to let me escape.*
Narration: *As a result, my next thrust takes me even deeper than before.*
Yumiko: Mmmm! Haaah, aaah, aaah! Haah, haaah, mmmm! Aaah, aaah! Aaaaaah!
Narration: *Every passionate, gasping moan that leaves Yumiko's mouth spurs me to move faster and faster.*
Yumiko: Kuuh! Fwaaah, aaaah! W-Wait, Yuuji... aaah! Aaah! I came a little just now... so I'm still very sensitive... mmm!!!
Narration: *I slam my penis deep inside Yumiko, deliberately interrupting her protests.*
Narration: *There's no way I'm going to stop now.*
Narration: *...To be honest, I probably couldn't even if I wanted to.*
Yumiko: Hyaaah! Aaah, mmm! Aaaaaaah! S-So rough... fwaaaah, aaaah! If you're that rough... I'll come again...!
Yuuji: Is it gonna be another "little" one, or...?
Yumiko: Haaaah, haaah, mmmm! Aaah! Aaah! It's... going to be a big one... so big, I think I'll melt...! Nn! Aaaaah!
Yuuji: In that case, I'll just have to come with you...!
Narration: *With the end close at hand, I pick up my pace yet again, building steadily toward my own orgasm.*
Yumiko: Nhaaaa! Aaah! Fwaaaah! Aaaah! Mmmm, haaah! Aaaah! Aaah! Aaah!
Narration: *Yumiko's body shudders violently; her hair swings wildly through the air, completely disheveled.*
Yumiko: Aaaah, hyaaah, aaah! Y-Yuuji! Hurry up... mmmmm! Haaah, aaaah! Aaaah! I-I'm... I'm...!!
Yuuji: I'm gonna come, Yumiko...!
Yumiko: Fwaaaah, aaah! Aaah! Aaah! G-Go ahead! Mmmm, aaaah! Come... inside meee! Aaaah!
Yuuji: You got it...!
Yumiko: Aaah! Aaaah! Aaaah! Mmmm, haah! Aaaah! Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!
Narration: *Savoring the sound of Yumiko's blissful scream, I come inside her burning-hot pussy.*
Yumiko: Hyaaaaah! Aaaaah! Nhaaa! Aaaaaah!
Narration: *Overwhelmed by her massive orgasm, Yumiko trembles like a leaf in my arms.*
Yumiko: Mmmm! Haah, haaah... your dick's... ah! Mmm... throbbing inside me, Yuuji...!
Narration: *And a moment later... she pitches forward, too exhausted to support herself.*
Yuuji: Whoa...
Narration: *Pulling her back toward me, I catch her before she can fall.*
Yuuji: You alright, Yumiko?
Yumiko: Haaah... haaah... mmmm... Yes... I'm fine, thank you...
Narration: *As Yumiko nods weakly, a thick white strand of liquid trickles down past my cock and out of her vagina.*
Narration: *The semen runs slowly down her thigh, and she shivers ticklishly.*
Narration: *Overcome with affection for her, I gently reach out and brush her hair back into place.*
Yumiko: Mmm... phew...
Narration: *After we've basked in the afterglow for a little while, Yumiko turns back to face me.*
Yumiko: Yuuji...
Narration: *She calls my name out gently... and I bring my face forward.*
Yumiko: Mmm, fwa... *smack*... *kiss*...
Narration: *Our mouths press against each other.*
Yumiko: Mmm... fwaah... *smack* ... *smack* ... mmm... haaah...
Narration: *Our lips slowly part, connected briefly by a small thread of saliva.*
Narration: *Normally Yumiko would blush at the sight of that... but right now, she doesn't seem to have eyes for anything but me.*
Yumiko: I love you, Yuuji...
Narration: *She whispers the words softly. And in response...*
Yumiko: Mmm... *smack* ...
Narration: *I press my lips to hers once more.*
